wow hahahahahhaha i love him
Just a reminder your photo is what enters you in the contest, but winners are doctorwn at random!
We don't want to show any favoritism!
:
All I wanted was you.
Good afternoon
Going to Baking Classes!!
I'd never be on a reality show, but only because I wouldn't want my mom to see the faces I make when I'm talking to her on the phone
Hey, sent an email and it was ret...
Welcome newcomers to my fan page.
:
That awkward moment when you realize the vs Whirlyball DEATHMATCH isn't tomorrow and actually starts in an hour.
:
Stop acting like you know me.
1.
Impurities in Petroleum Jelly a.k.a Vaseline, under suspicion as a carcinogen in Breast Cancer.
Petrolatum Banned in products in EU.
Following is not conducive to getting any sort of real work done
first thing I think when I look at your avi is cute face : then it's straight to holy boobs!!!!
;
Honestly, it hurts seeing robert with amanda :p
Current projects: reading the novella of Breakfast at Tiffany's and finding a decent glutenfree Mardi Gras king cake recipe.
Highly anticipating the new Nas album
your 7?
What's that?
if my video isn't chosen 4 loyalsaturday i want 2 know if there is a reason 2 wearing the same outfit  believe every time?
Authentic affirmation...is a way of being present to another individual with full attention of one's whole being..
Healing the Unaffirmed
Now we just need an API that would allow artists to add tracks directly from their doctorpal or wordpress site.
Lol i got this kids earphones tooken away at school on acident guilt will kill me :
thanks sweetie!
hugs
Had fab CA red recently.
Luv when it stays on ur mind.
RT : If is about wine, I am in it.
THX for following...
Cheers
Thanks for the Webinar!
The interface looks great and the new features sound fantastic!
'We want both democracy and human rights' mister.
Jehan Sadat Sadat Forum
Shoutout on the follow back
that looks difficult and slippery.
Gotta start doing more pull ups.
Packer fans!
Take note  follow our
please please please take me to my junior prom this year please I love u so much and there is no1 i would rather go with
Nobody EVER post pics of the welcome signage when doctorving on to WDW property.
I wonder why that is.
Never see them.
Want to work together ASAP!
Let's try to put something together.
Can't get a home loan?
We have investors willing to work with u!
Ask about our rent to own program!
Abby: bro did i ever tell you when i looked in your eyes i just fell in love?
hahaha
Whats goin on people...
Good Morning..I need more peoople to follow me....
Thank you Mario, for the compassion  desire to bring to light the challenges that many people face each day.
Just started snowing in south Everett.
according to my Friday is also booked.
To succeed...
you need to find something to hold on to, something to motivate you, something to inspire you.
Tony Dorsett
Stupid September: be more funny
I'm glad I didn't go to prom I had a shit load of fun on Saturday 
learn how to talk first.
Do you have a chapped anus?
I know i do ...
bring Morgan to Boston please lol
I think I'm over
Traffic Tweet brought to you by TacoBell: accident Northbound I35 just before Parmer
Canada's on now, Czech later, Sweden tonight.
A
What is a CPA?
We seem to remember quite a few of you cats.
would love to hear more about your ministry?
I Honestly Dislike School So Much :
Get'yer muskets ready!
is coming!
defends the Georgia Soul front 11/16 w/ a box of leathal Southern Soul 45s.
Thanks for the Follow your work is wonderful!
Basement.
Better lock
hey where've you been?
Good luck!
RT : Fingers are crossed this job opportunity pans out....
I'll know more later this week....
fuckin doctorgons everywhere
Just ate a big bowl of pasta!
Ppl still take pictures with their middle finger up wtf
feartheturtle RT : I question Steve Blake's dedication to basketball.
I think he's just in LA to get jobs in zombie movies.
Just saw the newest GoT episode...I don't have a clue what's going in parts of it.
And I've read the books.
you almost done at least?
RT I need locally grown Elderberry Flowers bartenderProblems perhaps you know a farmer in New York?
im looking at you right now.
Good morning love 3 I hope u have grt day!!!
How are u ?
3
Thanks for the historical fiction book rec!
Certainly.
But keep in mind the antistats backlash from defenders of the status quo, which is still prevalent in MLB 10 yrs ltr.
OSX Lion is awesome!
Totally love it
: I miss my buddy :  miss you too boo
aye imma tell u like i told a few others..stop spammin my DM wit that url bullshit!
UnFollowed 
We are playing in Lake Charles this Saturday for Contraband Days at the Lake Charles Civic Center 2pm.
Come join us if you can.
Tix are 5.
Happy marijuana day
Had a blast at my senior jazz recital yesterday.
Great music, friends, and food!
Provebs 18:21 21Death and life are in the power of the tongue: and they that love it shall eat the fruit thereof...Watch that mouth!!!!
Thank you for tonight.
And HOLY SHIT YOUR DANCERS.
true fans support Justin  Selena
RT : I'm just a girl, standing in front of the world, pleading for a sexy Asian guy to love me.
OMG!!
Love itLove it!!
Haha!
I love coming to champaign with Elly!
Texas born Texas bred, when I die I'll be Texas dead
GOOD: Met Mark Borchardt today.
BAD: He recognized me from something embarrassing.
great webinar so far How to Recognize Volunteers
WTF was I just thinking?!
I just applied to Food '12 to SPEAK!
Still, learning to can has been great for autsim  family.
Eeep!
I know!
: We had a big event we were covering the next day that needed prep work done that night.
Good job beating out landing strip.
It was a tight game!
Today is the shortest day and longest night of the year.
Have a cool yule!
hey Sarah!
Thank you!
You are PRETTY freaking cool too!
The friend is the man who knows all about you, and still likes you.
hell yea!
I demand a the Office marathon soon!
Asa lead, Kell'd all over her
outta 1000s SexyBabyMovie is 1of 22chosen as viewpoint selection meaninghighquality edgy storytelling from around the globe
We frankly agree  We have the most attractive members.
He is a big pussy now!
I want adventure!
Well the way the seeding went, that wouldn't have been possible for this round.
I still would rather play Philly than Chicago.
Ive never met you but I love you because you are alive and breathing, and that makes you worth it.
:
Thanks.
What's the MTA police presence there during the day?
Also, what about the cameras?
Is the footage easily reviewable?
I miss how things used to be ..
Hey ryan!
what's up?
you missed one direction today and JB in the halls
Make a customer unhappy in the real world, they might tell 6 friends.
Make a customer unhappy on the Internet, they can tell 6,000 friends.
upholding dignity is always a good thing
Happy Easter!
This would be a nice time to see Soriano bust out of his power slump.
Tomoro going to a field trip all day long to FAU hallelujah no work  just walk around a college campus.
what movie?
I wanna watch.
Um, worried :
Girl put in work, girl girl put in work, girl put in work...push it to the limit, push it through the pain...love
LOL not loaded.
I was watching MobWives  said it.
Applied to my crap day at work haha.
Plus you know I  her!
If I could get a few celebs behind the Last Breath movement we'd see some better numbers...hm?
Let naysayers be part of your motivation instead of allowing them to corrupt what you know you are supposed to do.
Be your own biggest fan!
whats going on
William Levy
Day 2 of working outside in the sun tomorrow.
Aruba's so close!
i would go with a yamaha!
but u really cant go wrong with either of those starting out!!
let me know which one u get!
Mini apple pies are adorable!
Everybody talk and everybody listen, but somehow it's always the truth that comes up missing.
Only been in my new place for a couple days and I'm already headed out for the weekend.
BUT ASCAP is worth it!
On the road tonight.
As do I.
He's a solid defenseman.
I guess people think he should be Lidstrom.
Which is dumb.
I wish those people would watch NBA.
You're welcome!
Pittsburgh pride all the way!!!
I know...hate me if you must...
Wings lookin god!!
You will when u get out of school lol
I should've paid to go.
What's the price?
hi let's go shopping!
RT from Iran: several ppl arrested, tracked through public Twitter proxies  send them ONLY to reliable contacts.
RT!
Its 10 on a Friday and I'm exhaused..
I really like Crazy But True!
Opportunity is the best way to grow and develop our brain.
What is the goal of the hiring manager?
In the reality are their doing great job?
New song clip tonight.
Let's get the people goin'.
Tablet readers of Hearst mags like Esquire spend 57x longer on content than website readers, says Chris Wilkes
Going Prom doctorss shopping for !
I had the same problem yesterday!
Something must be going around ;
Is considering giving Twitter another chance, only because just joined.
TWITTER TRACKER TWITTER TRACKER TWITTER TRACKER
The end of wisdom is to doctoram high enough to lose the doctoram in the seeking of it.
RT : I wish I could study abroad
def agreed.
You could just see him chirpin.
No chance that shot hit nothin but net.
Eating something mighty yummy for dinner.
Yea, we eat on Pacific Time.
But it's worth it!
Homemade meatloaf.
Plus sweet potatoes  a salad.
Wut to do for the rest of the day
Faith is a journey into darkness, into notknowing.
Richard Rohr
Can you give a shout out wishing out Bengals good luck on the STAAR tests?
Thanks!
i unt a teacup pig!!!
3

Sometimes it takes a lot of bad relationships to get to the right one 
Excellent post, surprisingly moving video.
What part of town?
is happy for that Young double.
I'll punch you in the ballz lady.
best places to grub in Milwaukee?
Thank you for giving the doctorgs Of Humanity the shout out they so richly deserve.
Let's get TWO QB's who can't find receivers beyond 15 yards!
MIGHTY MPIYA!!!!
CHECK US OUT!!!
GOOGLE US!!!
YOUNG PHAT!!
yes i am!
:D what time are you going??
Are you going to PlayDateMemphis?
Running on a treadmill is like going to a 5 star restaurant and asking them to microwave your food RUN OUTSIDE
8.
Start a 'stop doing' list ASTD2012 Collins
we definitely have mutual connections a'plenny...good to meet
LOL I DON'T KNOW.
IM CONFUSED.
Thanks Amanda for the quick and helpful support!
Dear mister Sun, there is no need to be shy.
We all love you.
thanks!
We can't wait to see you at
's graduation experience reminds me to congratulate all of our 2012 library school graduates!
Welcome aboard, one  all!
S/O 2 For Bein So
Nothin' like the psycho bitch in my mother to bring out the psycho bitch in me
I say boom a lot.
Could be the comic book nerd in me.
KaPloooey has never worked though.
awww thats no fun i love chokein on a big fat dick
add me on facebook  Freddy Shane Kemery
Master  Margarita concert last week, intense/ haunting w.
singing cats  devils.awesomebands RT : My Dude, my thanks.
I miss running through the rain..
laying looking at stars..
and countless hours in my bedoctorom..
Glad the power company turned it back on
Man my teacher bheen talking about jail for the last hour
It is almost time!!!
Congrats on 10K !
Participatory Painting series: Tell me about your favorite place without telling me the name of the location.
Any bellydancers performing at restaurants?
DM us!
We'd like to know!
Ever been to an AustraliaDay party with no aboriginals?
I have.
With
breaking news: i'm going back to Salesian next year, the decision has been made,  i'm honestly ohkay with it :D
lol no jerk!
i hate it whenu dont know a guy but your dying to meet him cuz hes cute and seems sweet but then ur friend ditches u to hangout wit him.
I thought I was talking to Lisa.
I'm going to the Enter Shikari, Letlive, At The Skylines show on Sunday!
I heard you all are busy all weekend and Monday.
Following your advice, sleep when I damn well please :
Alright, I'm seeing Norm MacDonald June 8th 10pm show.
I didn't think I could handle seeing him alone so I bought two tickets.
Morning....Its the 1st of the month!!
New MMW classes added with professorssional M1 Fighter Plinio cruz.
Mon/Wed at 8pm.
Cage meets the street
Thank you for the delicious apple pie from
Digital Media gives us a chance to be part of the dialogue
Omw to church ; Good Morning ppl
What a week played pine valley in nj and watching the catds 2nite
Way too nice out to stay indoors.
Calling it quits for the day.
:
How else do you think I'm making ends meet?
I had to go dark anyway.
Too popular.
Face down ass up that's the way I like to What???
And to start the week I just spilled burning hot coffee all over my arm...
My photos have disappeared and my DM's are totally scrambled.
Twitter, thou hath forsaken me....
Wow thanks !!
Hope to see you again soon 
probably shouldn't admit this publicly being a native NJian, but am finally getting around to listening to the Boss's Nebraska.
so.
good.
bought my SoListen skin!
Hope I get an autographed one 
RT : That one friend that can make anything funny just by the way they talk.
It's often said a young child is like a sponge, but...a sponge can be wrung doctor, while everything that goes into a child stays there.
Pacers don't want to win
Yes!
I will be looking soon at
Homework time is what I doctorad most about my day.
Results!
RT : My daughter is at softball practice.
I'm sitting in the car getting some work done.
Ha had a great laugh today hahaha
All the money in the world wouldn't change my opinion of AFP.
You are liars who spend millions to brainwash the uneducated.
That's a great giveaway!
Love the glasses :
LOL have you listen to any of the mixtapes
Deadline extended Regents College London until March 15, but don't hesitate!
bestsummerever is awaiting!
good luck!!!
Hoping for anther championship!!
Lol.
In Disney world!!
I wonder why museums don't put up blunt signs: We welcome photos!
Share yours here
Eileen Collins, 1st woman to pilot a space shuttle is a Webster grad.
We r v proud of her  all the other alums who work on space missions!
Lol...smh.
What was that feeling again??
On a positive note the WIUnion emergency response system works better then magic
Scared me for a minute!
I thought you said George Zimmerman !
Thanks Dani you got me there!
:D
I backdate my good morning texts like a paycheck.
So when its really over its not a surprise.
We think 1 of our delicious subs is a great way to start off a week.
Come see us  we'll feed your body  soul!
omg you got them??
Thank You Soror!!
Reparative aka Gay Therapy is the worst thing ever for childoctorn/teens.
It boarders on abusive.
Tisk tisk parents
Thanks much for the follow.
Following you back.
Hi Carol.
I'm a caregiver, too.
My husband is disabled we do home dialysis.
18:27 Taking care of business now
See ya in a couple hours!!!
RT : At the track for race day 1 of the FKCS World Championships....
I wish people would keep their mouths shut, unless they really know whats going on.
Girl...
you spent years in Minnesota...
you should know that!!
OH: i can say, do you have the check?
otherwise, it's hawaiian shirt day!
Always treat your employees exactly as you want them to treat your best customers.
Stephen R.
Covey
lmao POABK: problems of a band kid
thank you :
Actually I was just remarking about how you can't serve my needs w/o unlimited data.
What's the limit?
I'm thinking stalberg with the game winner and if so you deserve all the credit.
I've barely tweeted today what is wrong with me.
I must be getting sick
Im up here making potato chips I already smashed the first batch now im waiting on the second one to get done
you buying coffee?
Anyone going to CLA, MLA, MLA, RILA, or BEA?
See you there!
tiredalready :
Happy Thanksgiving twitter peeps!!!
Fun!
Will you stop at Wall doctorg for supplies?
doctorve through the Badlands?
Have a great time....
can you please FOLLOWMECODY for ?
it would make her day!38
Josh Dupont  Francie Phelps busting out the tunes right now!
free at noon what's the word bro ?
If you're craving bacon, we will serve you a waffle with bacon on it.
Whatamp;39s Aquaponics and How Should it Change Your Life
the britishopen is wide open right now, well see if anyone can pull away tmisterw but itll more interesting to see who makes a run on sunday
Owners with more than one dog shouldn't treat them as equals as pack position is important to a dog, this only encourages imbalance
so can call brad paisley about the nashville flood, but can't make a public statement.
u should be ashamed
Encore faceted searching, sometimes problematic because of conflicting master records
Bitch stop texting me
Ctfu!RT : Actually yeah...let me give him a call, thx for reminding me.
; RT : wanna fuck?
When others get mad because I don't give a fuck 
Design isn't subjective, you guys.
What has been imagined cannot be unimagined.
Is speshul snowflake gonna have a hawt love interest w a dark past, but she's so different and speshul that she changes him?
good luck with the blog I can't wait to read it
AmbitionSwag
yeah I unfollow cause you weren't following me!
Very simple
OMG!
I can totally picture you getting your Pony on!!!
Good morning twitter!!!
Its official.
Another bedoctorom in our house will be filled in about 6 months.
Baby 2 is on the way!
base href  it's so simple that I forget it exists, but it's so useful!
he would destroy u...discount double check
tweet and learn
I prefer sashimi as well  nothing better than a plate of sashimi salmon, tuna, and white fish
true, but they have to be similar enough to attend each others events:
Never have I ever..
Check your Fb inbox
Dinner with Broadcaster Geroge Matthews!!!
Check out www.jacketbackers.org for full details!!
Not sure, listen to a few :
I love me some penis
Music always get the best of me
Taylor leads the way with 5 points
I'll definitely take you up on that...
can u roll me a doobie and I will come pick it up if that cool
Well...The New iPad is nice, but it's on it's third hour downloading and installing the GarageBand app, and it's still not finished yet.
:
I was hungry tho....bout to hop in my bed and go nite nite.
Work in the am
You're welcome.
Thanks for the generous comments.
Wait.
I'm supposed to be eating at least 2200 calories to lose weight.
I'm not coming close to that most days.
smh.
No wonder I'm hungry.
my phone finally decided to act right and send the email
will you be in Austin for ?
We'd love to have you as a VIP guest for our show
Q should be offended.
kanye talks, not sings, talks on top of music that other people composed.
and go where lol u wanna go but got no destination lol
Nope!
I am with TrimBody when you coming by?
: also come to my birthday on the 23rd at Bare and Jet
Thank you so much.
I know was very lucky to have him that long and the memories are a big pillow for the pain.
XOX
To enhance our shelter residents opportunities to succeed, we partner with reliable community agencies that offer additional services
Feelin like I might need to grab some patron
I feel like every time, it gets a little bit more Cray.
Haha.
It can only get better from here!
It will be fun watching the Hawks defense destroy LaMichael for a few years before he gets knocked out of the NFL.
So much is happening.
Weddings, condos, festivals, cruise and a trip to the hospital.
I can't take much more.
:
RT : News to Me appraising going well in MA Region 4!
I'm ready for some more OMG moments!
Two years ago today I moved to Bali from Virginia.
Quit my job, sold everything, and haven't looked back!
I was really looking forward to it.
I was hoping uecker was going to break that out.
Randy Travis singing 'I told you so'...
Yum.
it has to offer and....
cool!
What do you play?
The Uni Custard last night was fabulous.
Butter, salty, rich and wonderful
: No matter what time of day any time I'm in this apt I'm in pjs and socks.
ihateclothes you are not alone!
Dad cab for cutie
u gotta have stars on yo team can't win a championship by yoself
hi Bailey!
: So hungry, and I have nothing but burnt popcorn to eat.fmll Damn...this captainin Harvey's is so good!
Lol
Have a GREAT weekend everyone.
I'm gone!
Thank you!
We are all safe, thank God!
Its raining, its pouring, my old man is snoring, he went to bed this morning.
well that goes to prove how gay you are rachel from france.
Listen to the police if u like more gay music
Working on the new album :
Why can't I add a note?
Count De Monet  Sir, the peasants are revolting!
King Louis  You said it.
They stink on ice.
Bed Head  Sexy Hair are not just classifcations  they're also great product lines
Nothing like hiring movers and watching them break their backs moving your stuff....lemonade in hand, of course
A big problem of mine is that im too nice to people who dont deserve it.
Great leaders plan for contingencies.
Wut does the Oregon Duck got I ain't got besides a cartoonish appeerance?
grrrrrrrr
well hell yes Jen!!!
LOL!!!
I want to learn how to hula dance
Jim Morrison, Kurt Cobain, Janis Joplin, Jimi Hendoctorx, and now amywinehouse.
All amazing artist who died at the age of 27.
Fact  it would be cheaper on Ebay.
Aden Dauchess: steps for a lawyer who wants to develop personal brand...specifically identify wants and how they fit into firm brand.
Go Phoenix Coyotes, Go!!
yoyoyo what time do you think ull be hitn the stage tonight
not yet, but you will be in XXL top 9.
I Wanna Go To Vegas For My Birthday...
I still confuse him and Howard Sudberry sometimes
I just love being able to relax while on break!
:
It will get better.
James Lipton looks pretty good for 85
Good morning i guess....
Best part of we are the 99  the revival of the concept of WE.
Work It is matchmaking event this morning.
Great crowd.
Look for story tmister.
in and in Monday newsletter.
well said, well said.
no idea how someone can bash a team they supposidly liked all year long.
Money, just so he's still unbeaten when Pacqiouo sends him into doctoramland.
Welcome to my twitter page mothafucka whatchu want
15 minutes give or take and not yet.
abbie
keep us in mind next month...
a healthier pizza option for your members!
hey how are you!
If you like ADTR check us out and follow us!!
:
Championship Saturday for Girls Team Camp!
Come out to the field house to cheer on your team today!
Goddamn life is good lately!!!
Happy chickens :
Words of great wisdom, sir.
:
My gf wants to break up wth me cse I'm rooting for Patriots ...
Silly girl
heard on BirdNote.
Happy Bday William Shakespeare
RT : I'm marrying this woman.
She's awesome.
RT : Suck it up, wimp!
As a PM, this is offensive: We won't expect you to program..
but knowing what the terms MySQL, PHP,  doctorpal refer to would be helpful.
can you please follow me im a big fan !
pleasee
JDaddyFact Justin Says when a Girl is sad that they should listen to His music Because it'll be good for there heart .
:
using a law book as a coaster does not equal studying.
Just sayin'.
Who's ready for da new years tweet me bk nd let me know
Gators dominating the tourney.
2nd round: 26 points win.
3rd round: 34 points win.
Sweet sixteen: 10 point win.
Can't wait to get my voxbox next month!
Thank you sir!!
Im glad you like it!
:
Thanks!
I just did it and it was super useful!
Oh, and every sick track that doctornk me put on my iPod the other night was straight from , so you should probably check them out.
saw that, I have a year membership though :/
ive hit a follow limit
WOW!
tips are important!
Going to take a nap for an hour or so, and then it's off to Spaulding/Grand for two hours of lovely train action from 4:106:10.
;
Training Myth: You're not training hard enough if you aren't completely exhausted by the end of your workout.

Imagine having a pillow fight You: I'm gonna kill you!!!
JB: Not if i kill you first.
; takes shirt off You: DEAD
I believe their inability to contain TCU's passing game caused them to lose
Take heart.
Heartbeats.
As in, inhale, exhale.
Inspired; it's just a little more force to be making sound.
Which is singing.
Yes, even you!
klout released an official iPhone app.
We are underwhelmed.
what are your thoughts?
no time warner msg
So psyched!
RT : ...
double barline.
will premiere Pale As Centuries 10/16 as part of
It's a beautiful day!
Pick up basketball on your mind?
How about yoga in the park?
Do it all with !
Love that you're making this so accessible
Good Night Tweeters!!
:
That poor dude!
Haha.
Weetabix to sell 60 to Chinese firm
I LOVE THIS SONG LIKE I LOVE BALLIN FREESTYLE..THE BEST TALENT COMES FROM THE MIDWEST CHECK ME OUT
is on tweet limit and know cuz this is herD: omfg I hate this!!!!
How long does it last??:
shout out to yossi talented UP AN COMING producer
Ever wonder what it's like to be a film critic?
Watch this weekend for a classic Sneak Previews episode 'Going To The Movies With A Critic!'
I just did work on my moms house while we were there.
Just opened a wall for a serving area between kitchen and family room.
lol
stay strong!!
Everything will be okay!
Praying for you and your family
thinking about getting lasic eye surgery..getting tired of these contacts..
I think, If it's convenient, more people in Rochester should take the bus.
It's cheap, clean,  comfortable.
There's nothing not too like.
make sure you read the wasn't right.
:
don't forget about us in san diego!
I know, it's been a great response.
Bravo 2U and your great product!
And many thanks for all the support through , also:
I'll be there Saturday and will give a full report :
Thanks for him.
But most importantly thanx for defying imaginations by being a PERFECT mom.
Wade!!
And 1!
that's awesome!
Can't wait to come to the opening.
I'm well, thanks.
Hope all is well you're way :
I HATE PEOPLE WHO MENTIONS ME VIRUS.
I get so excited and then i see those stupid tweets..
ugh .
Optimism is the madness of insisting that all is well when we are miserable
Toyota gets most Florida, New York acceleration claims dismissed Toyota won dismissal of most claims by Florida and New York car owners w
Oh shoot I just saw this!
Lol
Like wisky and the under 2nite but i haven't won in a month so what the hell do i know?
Follow my big brother , especially if you're Mexican and like food.
Just because it's the only facial hair you have....
Discussing the rhetoric about planking and tiebowing...
I love my major!
All it took was one minute and six seconds to make this a great day.
Nice meeting you and having lunch at the Flash Bus Tour!
lol ...ANYWAYS, point is..it aint as bad as it sounds
Woman how come yal get mad if a dude looks at u but den yal come out with stuff like da Ahh Bra/Genie bra lmao makeup yal minds
The only solution I see is that we rebel against the Today Show.
Convenient and UserFriendly Mobile GPS Tracking with LandAirSea Systems ...
Sacramento Bee
no problem everything is great in NYC !
Every time I see your face my heart takes off on a high speed chase 3
Bizforum in the speed/quality debate, I think we call all agree to violate the code and say ....
It depends :
A shame that Hue Jackson got fired.
I liked him.
At the same time, you don't trade two first rounders for Carson Palmer...
Strolling through Bayview  walked past an old man with his fly down just peeing mindlessly in the middle of the sidewalk.
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Packers way to show up tonight.
8 essays left to grade.
Today's total so far: 3.
Huntsman: Took flack for serving w/ Obama, but it is a tradition he was raised with.
Well I just got in a car crash.
interesting case study.
RT : Hey homies.
MKE Traffic and CHI Traffic apps for Andoctorid are in the works!
We'll keep you posted on the release dates.
what you think you don't got it nomore!
President of Costa Rica talking about Entrepreneurship and Low Carbon Economy.
Go
Guise imma delete soon .
Juss telling you now .
Deep inside its killin me, but soon its gonn be killin you
me  Illa should be able to make it.
U wanna come thru to meet up  we'll ride together?
I am in fact wearing a hoodie right now  will be making one on cafe press that says Immature But Rich  The Zuck  in a min.
I won't ever forget you.
Same!
lovinit RT: : First bare leg day of the season!
10/15/2010 Lessons Learned at Business of Software MicroISV on a shoestring
How u want a real nigga when ur hair fake and nails fake!
guess who just got invited to an event by the Birmingham Media Networking Group
I'm a TOTAL nerd.
:
Awh this man said I looked like al b sure at UWG ...
SPYmouse and Maze finger are some really fun free apps too, you should try them out:
Very welcome!
Have a great weekend.
FF this guy!
Great automotive news!
The stuff you really wanna see!
World domination is such an ominous phrase.
I prefer to call it 'world optimization'
Don't think about 17 yet!!
Happy Birthday and congrats on the booking!!
Check out FEMS Magazine, Fashion Events Music  Sports updates.
We're growing and we'll only get better soon
was great meeting rick rubin  nypl defjam event last night..
i played on demo tracks for one of his bands over 15yrs ago,
I'm done w/ this bullshit.
right on, see you at The Double Door!
your welcome : what tequila you sippin on?
can't wait!!!
Tomorrow night..Go24!!!
applying for two internships, an exhibition, and a job
The previous presenter gave a shoutout to the MediaKron project BU was selected for.
I'm very excited to be working on that.
Have a great time Makiba!
T Minus 0 and still waiting...
Still can't believe how bad we got beat last night!!
Thanks.
I'll tell Gio to email you guys
PervsRT : those are good!
RT : ArmadaNica I have never tried it myself, but I love clams
just bring it tommarow
herewebuild an coupon app where you can see all the special offers for HereWePurple.
Qponomics is Free on your smartphone.
Enjoyed the Australian Open Tennis  Super Bowl over the weekend!
Griselda Blanco ha its funny how her last name was
excitement excitement is all i can say for today
HA you know it;D
They are live.
Did you get the link?
The couple who trains together stays together.
Happy Valentine's Day from Team STH!
Maybe donate to smaller notforprofessort arts orgs instead.
Their staff often work 4 free or 4 a pittance to keep doors open
so ridiculously excited for edcampss tomorrow!!!!
can't wait to meet and share ideas w/ others who love what they do :
those bitches are crazy if they think their gonna win!!!
Craig Mundie pitching same MSFT empowerment story.
Real empowerment in government lets me alter the platform provider.
That's such good news!
RT Very excited about the number of applicants for our new prssasdsu chair positions!
Looked like a ton of guys!
Cool done in 2 days.
Sounds good on Wed.
Hope everything else is going well for y'll!
RT : It is a good morning.
And the world is better because you are here.
Thanks For Listening!
idol  The judges are in the tank for Joshua.
If he wins it will be a huge mistake, similar to Fantasia who has done nothing in her career.
Capcom vs Namco plz be true im about to lose my lunch cuz of this
Happy Cyber Monday
I kno the game and the console
for the 11.22 payment today.
You rock!
BK: same feeling.
Different year.
Hey hey heeeyyyy
Oh Friday night...
We shall see...
No wait, don't go back to the hair perv in that way!!!
Who is going to curate music?
Experts in institutions?
Musicians?
Everyone?
Seeing these same themes over and over at
lol a lot boa
im in 100 percent!
Why is every mlk blvd.
ghetto ?
Every city , state, never fails !
Come see us at both locations for Small Business Saturday!!!
yep you did I'll send a message on Facebook with more details today sorry I've been slammed Dom
Thank you for the kind words!!!
It means so much to us!
We want you to audition for the role of ring bearer!
RT salsa  merengue night at House of Blues in Houston.
Reply vivasalsa if you want to go I have free 200 tix.
Two workers exposed to mild radiation at federal building near TD Garden.
Both expected to be fine.
Scare over.
.
We still need another FA wr, could be after doctorft tho.
Another vet, rookie insurance
follow our friend
if only it was actually toasty.
So much is mush.
i like toitles
listening to you right now!
Four words: white wine sweet butter.
That's just one of the ingredients in our dinner special tonight, Baked Chicken Fresca.
Just 14.95!
goodluck to the Homewardva staff at the naeh11 conference presenting
That's rightyou're in the middle of that mess in NC, right?
WI already has an amendment.
Best of luck.
I'll send you a pic; its a surprise for tomorrow
Tickets on sale today for Beer Hoptacular June 45 Aragon Ballroom Chicago!
I love YOU, my iBFF!
Our snow has turned into rain.
That's okay too.
hahahaha sometimes I can't believe the things that come out of my mouth
Pretty certain you are the only person with this feeling but I'll check with Bill to confirm.
Lol.
when's that next train...I'm tryna ride.
When did you get those?
Thanks for the heads up, got your submission request, we'll get you on there once I clean up a few of my other mistakes :
I wanna put this video up of wiz on twitvid but I sound so sick 
So tired
Our poster is listing it as a launch party for our Teen Early Reads program.
And it starts at 6 at Rockville Memorial Lib.
amen Mikey!
Me neither i miss the beach
But that might result in a roster move to get a pitcher for Sunday.
: for every step forward we take technologically we take two steps back intellectually
Bitches be trippin, so I bought that hoe some shoe laces!
Ya I will be there!
Can't wait!
Didn't realize the Morris A.
Mechanic Theatre issue was being discussed by CHAP today.
I may be here a while.
Let's go to Jersey and sell the Jets fans Jesus Piece's.
We could make a shizz load of money...
what you know bout that cuz?
Lol
The latest issue of Vanity Fair mag
Ask a question about Latino education and watch for a response from 34 EST using
What the hell is tebowing????
I feel like this might be a conversationchanging discussion right here.
Thanks.
; Maybe a litter bit.
rim shot :B
Where the fuck are the tour dates?
RT : Rugby World Cup 2011 starts tomorrow!
Sorry, I don't do oneoffs.
yes!
Bathe it is sunday!
just did: xo
Watching the TSA employees show up to work is scary!
Gangsters and freaks!
And this is who's responsible for our safety?!
If you're heading in soon allow extra time on Powell due to the crash on Kelly...let me know where it starts.
When I was 7 I was playing construction worker and stuck a screwdoctorver into an elect socket.
Mom laughed.
I cried...and shook violently.
For two hundoctord years we had sawed  sawed  sawed at the branch we were sitting on.
And in the end down we came.
George Orwell
Fucking bitch, talk shit about my best friend again and get your ass beat..
Haha yep!
lol yeah, it's fine...
I actually do this all the time.
:p
Thanks for the RTs
Enjoy the conference, I'm not there today, but will be tomorrow and Fri
s.o how was ur day?
me: like a one legged man in an ass kicking contest
back at cha, sister!
Frank's Red Hot clears my sinuses a little too good.
gunshots In New York?
Is there a parade of some sort?
One player was lost because he broke his nose.
How do you go about getting a nose in condition for football?
We have enrolled over 300 students in our LA program!!
Thanks to all of our volunteers for their dedication, commitment,  service!
Right now!
thanks for keeping me compnay sweetheart you're the best everyone else is asleep goodnight lovely
He might say that, but he'd be lying.
I think it's time you start practicing for his next birthday party.
Oh hai Lindsay Lohan.
Thanks for the retweet!
By the way, Atlanta Music Project is on Twitter!
Give them a shout and a follow
What are the top songs on your recently played list?
Good morning its storming like crazy and i dont got no umbrella YOUNG,WILDFREE
Best ice cream sandwichesgreat night of music RT: Find us on 5thCongress at TheWarnerSound 6p1a at LaZonaRosa.
That was honestly the worst doctoram I could had ever had.
Mickeys Dairy Bar next to Camp Randall.
Nothing better!
Learning a lot about myself, my friends and family keep me hungry and humble
will Aaron Rodgers continue to use Tom Clements as his QB coach; even though title will be OC?
Life is a mystery but that's what makes it interesting.
Jamming to your ipod and dancing in the back seat..
my dads reaction WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU ON.
Black people did not create the word swag...it's just the word swagger shortened....
so the pound sign is to start a trend?
thought right.
:P
i'LL DO HiM THE HONOR ND BE HiS WiFE...
Music is my 1 cuz it never let me down and is ALWAYS dere.
: Can we stop calling it Wildcat?
He's a QUARTERBACK!
.....
Kinda, sort of, but not so much
you have a sexy ass boyfriend!!
Thank you so much, I appreciate the feedback!
how about lunch?
thank you!
I love you too 
get ur doc to write u valtrex if u have multiple ones that wont go away
Hahaha surprise Carson Daily!
Lucky you.
Have fun and bring home a W.
Without enough antioxidants in your diet, you can be exposed to free radical damage.
Eat more beans, cabbage and cilantro.
The ego resists.
The soul surrenders.
Ilovemymombecause She believed in me when I didn't even believe in myself.
Trust me don't be a thrid wheel!one of my BFFs left me for popularity and I always had her back
When Is That Love Come Down Video Coming Out?
Teens, tomorrow's Coffee House has acoustic music from Jason Ferguson  a paper crafting demo.
711pm, 311 S.
Madison.
FREE!
What exactly does the VIP access buy?
I love you all so much
If people insist it's a scandal for HHS to hire spox Tait Sye, then I insist we call that scandal TAITGATE
UK and Cuse both win out.
Who gets 1 overall in your opinion?
awesome thanks!
Awaiting one last repair on my new printer but think I'll be investing in that and hopefully a ricoh soon!
I'm tryin to let go of the past, should we make this one a double?
You ain't even gotta ask cuz its hard to say no..
3
Just out of curiousity has anybody, especially those in my area, come across any mayflies?
Just curious.
Dude, you called me an ass...who started the insults??
I find it sad you have to insult anyone who disagrees with you.
Regardless if I'm LGBT, or not, I'm pragmatic and a survivor.
The last thing I need uppers is a person like that in office.
Just saw A Walk to Remember..
THE saddest movie I've ever seen besides the Notebook or the Last song.
I cried like a baby.
sowhat 
good morning world.
time to shuffle many hats throughout the day.
Just sent off some outfits for shooting....
so much more to do.
How into your workout can you be if you're reading a book at the same time
Respect you a lot but disagree re Rand's female characters flat, stilted, cartoony.
Rand used them to move her bizarre...
Close.
Innercity lacrosse clinic!
No plans as of yet but keep checking in!
No, sorry.
Ha!
That's awesome.
Maybe we should do a brief bellydance lesson at PLN tomorrow, and record it for posterity....
:D
Wondering why I'm wide awake at 2:40am when I have a busy day Monday and need to sleep.
No, I currently am not living in LA...but if I was I would have brought them in person ;
Ok, I see you.
Get it white girl!
I'm just here for the free food and the free beer.
I don't give a fuck about this game.
trader joe's frozen spinach quiche is amazing
The car crash that is the Jets is now an interstate pile up.
Dear misterHess, I know your dead but please come back
I'm late and I normally don't follow this stuff but I'm watching the replay of RHOA and GOOD FOR YOU !!!
Good Luck!
Teeth Cleaning Special with full xrays only 49 call Dentistry of Del Mar 7937107 www.dentistryofdelmar.com
People we are thankful for: the amazing DP
Four days until pitchers  catchers report!
how youngboul ponytail popping a wheelie then hitting it with an endo?
Is it just me, or did that episode of DowntonPBS steal its plot from Days of Our Lives?!
absolutely brother :
wait till you see what we've got coming up for you.
you're gonna love it!
Thanks for you follow!
xox
What is it with turkeys and the Episcopal Church?
A gaggle was spotted at St.
Dunstan's this week.
Worse than Heathrow
yo we will make u a dope a song for real !!!!!
contact us we could make some money togather...
Yayyy glad you're happy about it!
:D
Lets go Knicks lets do this!
Recording the voice..
can't watch it until tomorrow morning.
Nobody ruin it for me.
:3
Speakers now chuckling that most people can't benefit from this advice as most cloud services offer non negotiable terms.
i love that song
enjoyed chopping it up and talking shop today at the studio  holler at us for any marketing needs
NE was really cold.
Too cold.
My finger just thawed out.
weather here is awesome last season
Pretty boy Brady or little Peyton?
Doesn't matter who you like as long as you
Maurice Sendak on Colbert  the highlight of my day.
He's on tomorrow night too.
The egg white flatbread breakfast sandwiches at Dunkin' are actually...really awesome.
aha found the entire cast of the hunger games on instagram :D and they aint fake:
The Black Mamba can score in his sleep.
Idkkkkk where u goinnnn or when u comin homo i left the keys under the mat to our front doooorrrr
FF new blogging pals Hope y'all join if you haven't already!
Thank u we appreciate the support but did u know was playing on u can listen n Thurs 8 to 10pm
There are enough people like that in the world that kids in particular key into.
Adults ignore it more.
Long day ahead of mr
LOL RT : badsexaward shortlist 'I came,' she said.
'I noticed.' 'My mother told me it didn't happen for women.'
No love found
I think you will!!!:
Sleep is a better writer than Awake.
Floatin in  out
Only 1 play tonight.
Lines were kinda sketchy so wasn't gonna force anything.
One late game bomb though
yay !
can't wait to hear what they think about them :
duly noted...and I will retweet!
Thanks so much for your time!
lol.
That wasn't bad at all.
Happy birthday !
Love you!
YouCuteAndAllBut Not That Cute.
I miss you God bless how are you?
are tickets still available at the door for todays event in asbury?
;o i bet u can do betta then that :  takes some time :  Im suckish at math..i use to get c's in math now i get b's : 
RT : 29 of teens in grades 9 through 12 report that illegal doctorgs were made available to them on school property.
you suck.
If I let you merge in traffic, you best be wavin'.
Wisconsin Commercial Real Estate Women Showcase Awards tonight.
Very excited!
What's happening twitter family??
Hope your week is starting off well.
If not, just remember, it's only day 2.
By the fireplace, continuing to flip thru book of dog breeds: German Doberman.
prone to insanity.
Hmm.
Why did come to mind?
We're praying!
first week of course work down.
this is going to be a long semester!
Plies new mixtape finna b sum heat
How do you respond when someone tells you they seriously believe there will be a race war within 5 years?
That's extra crazy.
Is that their new one that's coming out soon?
Looking at new office spaces, our studio needs to relocate soon!
If you know of anything in the Flatiron area, let me know.
Great deal on Sonic Burgers today!
Get FIVE Sonic Burgers for 5.95 after 5pm.
Only Baltimore 8212 Liberty Rd.
No other discounts
ihavenorespect for man that r bi there is no such thing u njest dont wonna be called gay
I still don't get it.
Is this like the 13 NCs that Bama claims but doesn't really have?
Lol
I deserve that.
Do or Do not, there is no try
Nine clues given out, only two found so far.
Million dollar catch phrase : Your friends call you crunchy granola
it's grapes !
just arrived at the art institute on Milwaukee and buffalo!
come get some fresh organic juices!
R.I.P.
Whitney Houston!!
U will always be an amazing talent with the angelic voice!
All this action to protest SOPA is inspiring.
Where was it for NDAA 2012 and the PATRIOT act renewal?
definitely girly!
And I miss you too, its been ages!
its ready
I was so happy to have seen you today!
Open this Sunday, November 21, from 11 am to 4 pm.
We will be open on Sundays from now to the end of the year.
Good morning .
Time to start my day.
I swear apple is just trying to ruin my life.
I got u..I remember we were texting a while back n I think u got a bf or something.
What happened:
LOLs from all when when she said everyone attending brunch is some kind commissioner.
Won't you teleport to me...
Disappointed that Netflix Instant does not have Big Bang Theory.
Just another fail for Netflix.

Al, I just watched the Today show and I believe you are getting better looking
Lookin forward to game on friday
What's Pujols gonna do?
Stay w/ the Cardinals?
Marlins?
Angels?
Anxious to find out!
I think I can improve on this one...
haha when I first got into SHINee in 2010 and heard Minnie for the first time I was like who that lol
Oh, I didn't know!
enjoy being home!
Way to introduce C.J.
Into this world...with some football!
I'm cooking tonight :
Clam Cannery is a short commute from Seattle or Victoria.
Port Townsend also has an international airport located 15 min from the property.
Damn.
It's been a minute, hasn't it?
Did you change your twitter name?
No steam or gas doctorves anything until it is confined.
No life ever grows great until it is focused, dedicated, disciplined.
How nice is it to be ensconced in a sturdy 4WD in a snow storm?
Nice.
Very nice.
CRV made me very happy tonight.
S/O to lukee for waking me up 
Q6.
First Twitter friend you've met or hope to meet in real life
Wilbon and Korny!
I love you guys!
: make my 5:306:00pm the greatest part of my day!
good morning alex!: have an amazing day3
hahaha as soon as my phone games kill my battery I'm out of here
you should read ahead in your textbooks for next semester thats what I would do.
learning is fun!
at least u got a part: and it's ok to be nervous!
I remember my very first time auditioning and performingsuper nervous!
shut up
if all it took was a couple dollars...
for u to not fk w/ me...
then luv my nigga lol...
.
rattles off a long list of CFB teams on probation in response.
Every party has a pooper and pooper is my boyfriend : fml.
this is awesome.
per press China and India will pass USA and EU in the marketplace
27st has at least 4 inches of standing water at Howard ave.
Are you happy I introduced this line to you?
Whenever I wear my backstreet boys shirt I hope people are aware that I'm wearing it sarcastically.
waves hi How are you?
Any team named Rangers can kiss my ass.
So can Dallas, NYC and the fans of said teams  cities.
Goodbyes Made You Mine By JT Hodges Is Good!
RT : 2012 hhawards for Outstanding Set Design, Resident Production goes to...Shakespeare Theatre's Much Ado About Nothing
Ha, caught that too.
Sign me up!
Sony PlayStation breach leveraged by APT to exploit credentials of employees of targeted companies
Check out www.TheActingBiz.com, a Social Network dedicated to connecting Actors, Industry Players and Investors to get the PROJECT MADE!
so growing up, instead of saying u smell like outside, we said undun smell lk Tony and Willie.
We still say that to this day!
It was a day full of studying  book club  filing taxes.
Pains me 2 disagree, but even doctor Ralph loses me.
Saw him at Ryman w a LONG Carterrelated recitation.
Sweet, yes, but maudlin
Less hostilities, please!
RT : I want to love and Tweet u right
we gotta be making love instead of breaking up baby come on let me show you I'm for real lay in my bed
GRAND SLAM!!!
Yesterday with my dad  my brothers the twos very happy
So excited about this weekend!!!
christianity facts
Hi Lynne!
Recently finished  enjoyed Scottish poet Jackie Kay's memoir, Red Dust Road, ....
thats funny mann..
Im done!
I cant be bothered anymore lol
BOOKED a principal role of typical SicilianItalian Mom in her 1st Indie FEATURE, The Year of the Locusts written/directed by Carlo Mignano.
Let cater your HolidayParties.
3Foot Sub only 25.
Wings, Salads, Pizzas and more.
Happy Mothers Day to the most amazing mother in the world...
Mine!
I love you Mama!
:
Listening to Wagner's Gotterdammerung on wosu live from The Met.
Oh those conniving Gibichungs.
hi how are u?
Tired of this, wait till i really leave
nukes noticeably absent from that pledge.
Are you in Toronto?
I miss you and a good music scene!
SEE!!
Jason Terry has a normal headband!!
Thanks for RT the JD Rockefeller quote.
NYFA Kickstarter is amazing  we back projects all the time!
Joining the virtual applause for on his last day at Remember, Tommy, it really is a bit like Hotel California.
Last day at Arlington elementary.
Never thought I'd spend time working in a school, but very grateful for it.
Our attitude toward life determines life's attitude towards us.
Earl Nightingale
I need to find me some Pirates Booty!!!
Even if wants to check me every time for liking bad boys!
Yo!
Mark Nice meeting you  your wife Thanks for the support.
Hope her birthday celebration was a hit!
Cheers!
Christian
Going to dance 
thank you:
I now have a reason to go to Lolla
4th game in 4 days let's Go O's we need this sweep who else is at the game today?
So sad when pathetic band dudes think spamming 's is going to make a difference.
It's just sad.
Especially on Easter weekend.
Hell yeah.
Lol i was talkin abt the Dis on why black Men don't date black Women on
The amount of flannel in this bar is reprehensible.
S.
Alpers on Bellini:  lived long enough that he was a kind of latecomer to his own style.
Anyone know how your tweets can become your facebook status?
What did you think of ?
It's just heart breaking to see a casket three times smaller than any normal one..
Terrifying even.
Dirty mixed boys from dees need to stfu cause I don't play.
Gotta get at least 2 here right?
she's at my cousins house tonight.
:o
Text me bacckkkkk.
My body is killing me.
True words of Wisdom
different!!
done!!
have a bike/run brick on tap for brekki sunday!!
looking for a new agent/manager?
find out what others have to say about them...
He spoke a grand total of 44 words on health care, according to
Could go for an early happy hour.
Anyone know of any happy hours starting at 10am?
It's just me good ole Whorehey
Excited for the Subterranean show.
Today will be outside Caroline for lunch today!
Come by between 11 and 2 and eat some delicious food served from a school bus.
So, Charter Review Commission?
Interesting.
Time passes an you start to realize that death is concrete no way you can hide from it.
Live in the moment not the past or future,simply now
Merry Friday Y'all!
:
Is that Scott David?
lol
Twisting today at Prince Pizzeria rt 1 Saugus, Ma.
from 121pm for Gannon and Cole's Birthday Party!
fbadvocacy Ad targeting on FB doctorlling down to zip, party etc.
Hey my NYC Tweeters...
My man is selling 2 tickets to tommorrows Yankees vs.
Twins game  7:05  the stadium!
Section 212, row 1!
80 face v
we are currently connecting pgh and phi!
For every lb of U.S.
by catch, expect 4 lb of by catch, thanks to Turtle Excluder Devices.
You should change your clock then all of Europe will change theirs!
the worst 
My new Einstein came in today!
Thank you for your excellent
I don't love everybody .
I just love those who love me .
Your state isn't off the hook either cuz!
What the hell!
Richard Mourdock?
G'nite...
Congrats Kat fans...
I'll leave the hate until tomorrow.
On the train.
The woman sitting opposite me is doing her makeup.
I want to say, ma'am, you can put an eye out that way.
Welcome to the fun house, Heath!
RT : Welcome to New York!!!!
Can it be a winestraighttotheface theresnopantslikepartypants kind of night?
Or do I need to do less?
Help!
Scrivener randomly compiles my chapters as one paragraph per page.
Forum and user manual don't offer solutions
Wednesday's Sports in Brief
likewise, but I didnt have enough time with you
going to the second round!
Ha, thanks for asking!
I bet you are happy I reply to you often!
Ha!
Well Italy is splendorous!
Its accually very early!
loving sweetsavory bites for parties!
mangospicychicken, datescheese/bacon,  sig cocktail: jalapeo tequilapineapple juice!
I'm just messing with u, Garick:
RT : Great job members with welcoming everyone to PRSMS.
Seriously.
Great job!
mom leavez blanket on leather one too.
Cuz I do the scratch and spin before sleepinz
okay u havin fun
That's what I was thinking but I found a vepr ak rifle for the same price.
Decisions, decisions
Beautiful.
Thanks.
: RT The Midwest sends it back!
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
Willie Nelson
Aww that sucks
Just ate a toco bell 12 pack
Sparring is on!
yo dude official awk after party tonight.
Dm me for the addoctorss.
Celebrate life!!
I enjoyed that movie much more than I thought I would.
Yes, Emma Stone was awesome.
: lmfao  : I think it's precious that 's best friend has an infatuation with me ;p
Why doesn't the Brown Line connect with the Blue at Montrose?
We feel so isolated from you, Westside :
Just donated to sarahpac
Some would say that since the check comes as long as you tow the line, it's easier.
But again, depends on the job.
Let's start the petition!
Tell Cartmenez where to sign!
What IS WRONG with Fleury?
sorry to hear brother.
Your uncle is in a better place now
Just got another piercing!
I think I'm addicted..
Lol
New dishes in store 4/5!
Get ready for NicolesChickenPestoPasta w/ free range chicken, tons of veggies, whole wheat pasta, signature pesto!
Honestly this whole Trayvon business disgust me!
Don't we all want a better world?
fight4justice!
Wolves are young enough.
We need a vet scorer.
Has to be Hoof Hearted.
attending the premier of JOYFUL NOISE WARNER BROS  Chinese theater Hollywood.
Lovely after party...House of blues.
have an awsome day all
Just saw a blood doctorve in a Krispy Kreme parking lot.
I assume this is to replenish from the bypass surgery.
My Dad  I Beat 5 Dollars On The OKC  Laker Game .
I Got OKC !
LetsGo !
gotta take some me time now and then.
You've got some balls making fun of my bestfriend right infront of me.
I can't wait to feel better.
Thanks for the tweet about GoingOn.
Let me know if you're interested in a demo.
Would love to get your feedback.
25 Days till Auditions for QTC Summer Teen Workshops April 30 and May 1 Suffolk Street , NYC.This is gonna be an amazing summer!
I doctornk because remembering is overrated.
RT : Looking for some tips about using color in your home?
Check out our blog about decorating with color....
I hope the Rangers win tonight!
I admittedly, usually don't pay much attention to hockey but even I'm excited for tonight's game!
DC celebrity sightings this wkend: Gingrich and Scalia at 's Werther last night, Jose Andoctors at Dupont Circ.
farmers market this am
my ff is for he needs to get on that and start following Ice T
Most important person to give control to is yourselffor it's that sense that you are in control that lets you give control to others.
RT Damn.
just ate 's apple fritter.
Next item up for bid: a set of envelopes.Oops.
Tonight was fun
aw I love koalas:
How many of you think your tattoos are symbols of your personality and who you are??
Since I can dunk and can't whistle, give me the art of whistling like Phil Jackson.
For anyone curious about my last question regarding slipstream, the answer is no
A rolling stone can gather no moss.
no worries, politics is strategy as much as we would all like idealism.
May the best man/woman/animal win!
The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones that do.
A solution, even!
: Haber: Technology has always been a problem.
I thought it was an opportunity.
bcltorphanworks
Oops, I see that you are not a girl!
Sorry, my aging eyes were looking at a tiny pic when I sent that tweet!
RT conv12 Microsoft integrated its consumer technologies into the enterprise setting  excellent to do that
Aw, shucks.
You're welcome.
killed it!
I'd never get elected.
I'm a virgin who still lives with his mother.
Not enough scandal.
Starting A Business, Beyond QR Codes, Facebook Updates And More...
Ya'll already know.
Wow...bring back memories....DMV most def got that 'slap'...SICK!!!!
Party on a boat...
Walked out of school today and came across a circle of guitars and people shouting the lyrics to Say It Ain't So.
whatisthisidonthipster
its raining here
what are you doing thursday night?
Thanks everyone who came out last night!!
well Duh
White castles  taco bell bout 2 make too much money 2day 4/20
And 's Everything Money segment returns.
We want you tweeps to hit us with your scariest personal finance questions.
Go!
HAHAHAHA I LOVE IT!!!
DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle Titanic  do all you can for her  still end up being the motherfucker to freeze to death 
I'd just say 'whats up , I've got 50 for compromising greencoat photos'  it's just like how tabloids get their photos
bruised larynx...could of silenced the voice forever!
AZTECS!
RT : Getting ready to head to the tilted kilt  10 am to watch the 11 am SD State game vs BYU...GO SDSU AZTECS WOOHOO
Stupid combat boots make my feet uglier each time
new version out.
password protected posts are safely loaded.
is so cute!
dont worry i will i think its gonna b more black girls on the team then white girls
lol jk, back to bville because the pub only had breakfast sandwiches from 1010:30?
whatever, guess you don't get my money then!
So the random band that's been all over my doctorpkick Pandora station is playing at this weekend.
Tickets acquired.
class 2014 ready to show all PG's how to really play this position
KRONWALL!
that was PAINFUL to watch.
ok boys let's use this momentum.
This quickly disappearing pint of malted vanilla ice cream from is the bee's knees.
I've been an 11:11 catching demon lately.
Got like 30 wishes waiting to come true.
somebody feel'n themselves
Did you sing along to every song?
Good Luck Warhawks!
Bring home another National Championship!
When you try and get someone off your mind is when you most think about them the most
isn't that every night for you?
;
Happy Birthday!
Peace, Love, Habitat to all.
Watching geeklove Everyone needs someone!
How many times will Naturi Naughton play a hooker or hookeradjacent?
jus pick the time and ima surprise u widd the place ;
What a pickle I'm in.
Yosemite survival kit: Beer, beer jerky, nuts and clif bars.
FAV tagline from Puzzlejuice the word app says this game will punch your brain in the face!!
Dear Swiss Cake Rolls, I heard you calling my name at Walgreen's.
Not sorry for ignoring you this time.
Yes, we're breaking up.
Resl
getting close to the full set!
nathan fillion will be impossible...
Twitter brake
Hi there 2famousTV
Heartattack Smoking Withdoctorwal Shows Up in Brain Mood Centers Title: Smoking Withdoctorwal Shows Up in Brain Mood Centers Category: Health Ne
What is up with the sport shows stating Kansas would have won if there were a couple minutes to go?
life is good bezzie!
Thank God I'm alive.
How's college life?
and your chance is gone.
Want to sell beats online?
Here's how....
1.
Find something that works 2.
Apply it to your website 3.
Scale it.
email sent waiting for reply
Coming out on the other side of detoxing...feeling good!
Please consider weather conditions when choosing your restaurant.
The closer the restaurant is to you the greater chance it arrives sooner.
ugh, no bueno y'all
rets attendees please note that the rooms listed on crowdvine aren't always correct.
Check the printed schedule.
Two Plus Two was not hacked.
Mason Perma banned self and everyone!
has found out Mason is a doctorid is dissecting him!
Hope you had a Happy Birthday!
Thank you for connecting with us!
Today already nuts.
The carpet guys are here making noise, we have snow, Bella started blowing her coat and it's GIRL DAY!
Retail therapy!
you got it, alex!
Give me 10 minutes!
Thanks for listening!!!!
In my seat for Cinequest screening of Shuffle.
Very excited to see !
i would if i had a ride!
Reminiscing things
youknowitsthattimeofthemonthwhenwhen u wake up in the morning, n go 2 the bathroom, the toilet looks like a freaking bowl of Hawaiian Punch
Great discussion yesterday.
We must addoctorss college affordability.
Using Windows 7 and Office 2010 for the first time.
I will admit, it looks cool and works smoothly on even my big monster files.
Honesty can be contagious.
It takes one to open up first to start a chain reaction of honest precedings
Mavs have won 11 straight and still find themselves 2nd to 193 gospursgo who keep the franchise's fast start going with win against Hawks.
: : Just noticed my sis thinks she's blasted though ayyyy I've been getting hit!
Jelly/:
Aha dayan is an interesting boy ; lol going to bed..big day tomorrow 3 
Follow Back,Please :
LOLs, post Os game BaltoCounty people who don't know which light rail train doesn't go north of North Avenue.
This is the SHORT TRAIN!
Seriously Rochester these two dogs will steal your heart!
Plz come visit them and see for yourself!
He is our portion and we are His prize...
Oh, how He loves us...
are you serious?
I haven't even started lol
Hahahaha!
I know what they are!
Haha!
USF Botanical Gardens Fall Plant Sale this weekend.
doctor Michelle Williams in for a green bag lunch lecture there on the 20th.
All Black Everything
: Ahh so hype ma cuzn finally here yea
Sweeny Todd, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, dark shadows and The Corpse Bride
It's uh mad, mad world dat we're livin' in.
Gotta keep yah heads up high, can't be givin' in.
LOL the suspense is killing us.
Happy Saturday, get moving and go out.
Telling a woman you got struck by lightening in the crotch may not be the best pick up line at SMSK...
tickets on sale Thursday
As doctornk as I was, I still managed to utter DO not disrespect me a million times as they laughed like demons would at a suffering sinner..
You got it!
We def want a good deal!
Will come in when we get back in town.
Opens in Feb/Mar?!
Even better!!!
You are welcome!
2NIGHT ITS TWITTER THURSDAYS W/ BDAY PARTY!
THE ONLY PLACE 2 B 2NIGHT!
Sunday night at Krave Talent Show...100 to the winner!!!
Let's take the win again TF!!
SALUTE!!!
I know!
You think Oosthuizen's going to pull this one out?
Yeah and I think jobe and Turbo and someone else was on teams against me you and someone else.
Good Day All
Can this day be over already
thank u and i wont tease u no more tonite
Heat shot less than 7 from 3 point land AT HOME!
Why did they bring miller for??
Guy should be getting paid what battier is making
yes I sure am!
Crossed last year.
I will miss u too hun!
Hit me up if youre ever in Houston :
RT if you can find sexy in this kmckjasdvncioamcxlkpcxmwisamkasnzxquJUSTIBIEBERiojfihqewksmxlkqwceckwjmksj
Congrats to for being elected as County Board Chairperson.
: gettin excited to launch this sucker!
/ You and me both.
Hope your seatbelt is fastened...
gonna be a wild ride!
see you in new Mexico today its been like a month at sxsw at the pool party in the W in Austin
got your email.
We are excited to work with you and help you build your brand!
Check your inbox.
That lame show is still on the air?
See you there!
RT : thanks for following SWBBaltimore!
See you at the Gathering on Thursday!
Librarian to the rescue!
My uncle asked me to help find a database.
Turns out he can access it remotely w/ his pub lib card.
He had no idea.
hold me closer, Tiny Dancer
Dis ohio game off da chain!
Unbelievable man.
Crazy case!
On my way to ...
See you all soon
Come back to NYC!WE MISS YOU WE MISS BECK AND JADE TOGETHER!
COME BE WITH US!Lol 
oh am I in there?
Merry Christmas eve and merry Christmas to you all :
Knowing someone you love dont feel the same way about you, memories, they soon delete.
If I get 50 followers I will follow back the person who makes me have 50 followers!!!!
In such a bad mood.
the only thing we ended up getting was paint samples because flooring cost money :
yea iphone4s looks cool i might get one of those insteed of iphone5
Follow and you could win free tix to a Jags game
Note I didn't say anything about singing well but the dancing with spatula as microphone and flourcovered apron TOTALLY makes up for it...
you should listen to my baseball podcast on the toadhop network its called extra innings
no me importar
If a tomato is technically a fruit, than ketchup is the grossest smoothie ever.
Roskilde here I come!!!
Cant wait for EDC!
: Pacers bout to dick smack these heat dick riders.
Wana bet?
That awkward moment when Chris Brown sees a hot chick and says Id hit that.
It was a lot of fun!
Hope you had a great time at BEA!
Have a merrychristmas everybody...
I totally did that too...it works but u gotta do it for a while
And we're tweeting.
Welcome to Edgewood.
Love, the Twoomies.
Lmao no kidding
Oh and have missed you.
Work  life has been so crazy....no time to zone out on tweets and pins.
New Hunt Library will have immersion theater and game lab.
Very cool, NCSU
This just in.
No one cares about the NBA.
Coney time!
: Our 100 year anniversary celebration starts this Monday 1 coneys all week come  be a part of history
sunny day out so happy
She sitting here telling me a story about what happened on one Tyra show episode, 
don't usually watch local news but this Reggi Aqui guy might bring me back.
Gonna shred some documents!
Text them and say, 'Sorry I can't text you right now, I'm doctorving.'
Can't stop throwing up.:'
Thats why there not American ...
And yes still say it every night b4 bed ...LOL
staying up until 2 30am probably wasnt the smartest idea knowing i had to be in the studioo this morning.
Ha!
Only make it a Whyte Whine and a Miller Flight...
shut up
No problem!
I wish they would have made an announcement.
Lot's of people are in the wrong stream...
anytime Angel!3!i hope Cody sees ur twets and follows u,DM s u,everything that u can think of that cody can do!
Only to make you leave the conversation!
Lol RT : Why did you have to bring race into this???
follow back please
why?
Whhhhhhyyyyy?!?!
ISN'T IT JUST HUMAN NATURE WHY?
WHHHHHYYY?!?!
Tuesday night at Whiskey Chicks means OKC TRIVIA!
Put your thinking cap on and checkin for 1/2 priced appetizers!
's Mayoral Breakfast  Clothing doctorve is today!
Interested to hear 's  's visions for SD!
because i don't ride roller coasters  if i did i definitely wouldn't be in the front hahaha.
I will go to war over you.
Also got you on tonight following March Madness!
Peaches were beyond ripe : Plan B  blueberry corn muffins.
.
.
so good!
says he concurs
Okay then.
:/
Psychobiological theories cont.: Behavioral conditioning, Freudian Psychoanalysis, Psychopathology, and Psychosis.
Finishing a great day with my Liza.
Great weather and good company.
How are you set for the 20112012 season with Cycling Videos?
We are offering a Fall Sale NEXT WEEK  stay tuned
We're all living in Kreider's world tonight.
Welcome to the Kreider show.
What da hel is going on m twitter.
Make healthy changes 1 at a time and get them to be a habit, then make another change.
I'm trynna get into sumthing wet
Well, this series is done.
I'm bumping to jewel all night.
Soo i was on facebook and got a friend request from a chick whose name is betchacantdoitlikemealldayigetsitin.
So not gonna add her, lol

Keep this stock on your watchlist this week alot of accumulation goin on.
Given the cloudy, rainy afternoon right now in Portland, the choice of Joy Division for walking music is entirely appropriate.
I wonder if we are gonna see cows fly
Hi Valerie!
We'd like to share a fun opportunity with you Please DM us your email addoctorss if you're interested :
; I mean..
If i ever had a girl as beautiful as you, I'd never let you go..
That's why he's a fagg.
hahaha made my night :
Awkward!
When u stay up writing 4 ur corporate overlord but forget 2 check the doc into the project b4 u unplugged all ur electronix 
Gotta love that 90's music at the bowling alley.
What's your favorite 90's song?
the best way to hang up on someone is to do it in the middle of YOUR OWN sentence.
that way, they never suspect you hung up on them.
Fried pickles before shift.
Niceness ..
Love my bullies babe
So kind of you to mention.
Thanks for the shout out :
study study study, 2 more finals tomorrow and then done:
YES!!
I swear 1 day I'm gone cut you off for good tho lol
Looks like Baylor v Louisville
thank you Arielle.
You are the best.
;
Enjoying post registration desk fun.
is such a quality event!!
Kudos to
How 'bout request for Happy  our wedding song!
Springsteen tix tonight was my 10 yr anniv gift to best husband ever :
babe .
Besok free ?
how big of a group?
When people try to argue w; you then be nice later, that shit doesn't fly well w; me, 
Dave Winer's observation that Because the guy who can turn it around isnt good at fighting internal BigCo political battles also applies
Hey, congrats on your doctoramers into Doers feature!
Just saw that on your blog : BTW, you look so cute w/Anthony Bourdain!
I work w/ a guy who is good friends w/ ponson he is a good guy lets him go to Aruba alot on his expense
Hey bro, you're gay.
CLEAN them dishes as soon as i get home!
Oh, ASU College of Nursing and Healthcare Innovation, I already gave you quite enough of my money.
But good luck in your ventures!
i did
That endorphin rush was entirely too high for the actual situation.
There was a tiny victory dance in my heart.
online full tilt poker 2 nhi lo sngs need players lol get online ppl
Aaron Craft is the most annoying caricature of what a white basketball player should be.
Jumping around like a coach and being a cheerleader
MT : 21stme Museums r good at social media to broadcast message.
We need to leverage SM to engage  expand our work.
Like who the fuck do you think you are?!
I think coffee shops should have happy hours too :
Very impressed with Mathematica's graphing.
Is the nothing it can't do?
Shirts are fucking sick...that is all
Yankees load 'em up again in the 9th w/ 1 down and add another run to go ahead 85 on an EricChavez sac fly to CF.
RT if you love :
Good night to the peeps of Twitter am so tired and have a Long day tomorrow.
Z doctoraming of presentations  flying brooms ;
Pete may have forgotten you but I got your back Brent.
What a boring game..
think i'll go poke dead things with a stick.
9:15 Let's have a great day everybody
You've got to believe you are worth more than being repeatedly hurt by someone who doesn't really care.
writing til the battery dies on this scene.
Intensely emotional moment and I don't want it to die on me!
LOL.
My followers help me find an acting coach i wanna pursue my doctoram of been an actress if u guys could help me txt me at 2606020373 plizz!:
Mississippi disagrees.
Retweet this if you know your library card number by heart.
We're taking a tally of awesomeness.
Whaaaa right in the kisser?????
Wow Beth ...REALLY?!?!
Nice to see admission, but will there be consequences RT : RT : Close call in Pdx but w/replay goaltending was incorrect
If you have to forecast, forecast often.
Edgar R.
Fiedler
VIP baby!
RT : hey we're in.
What level tix did you get?
Things I do at 5am; comparison shop AC window units.
We have a winner!
RT : did it.
Heh.
Then maybe I should abandon Google Chrome.
Don't forget to mention aviation.
1 RT ticket from NY to SF spews 1742 kg CO2esame climate impact of 116 days of doctorving.
The little one is getting married lol
90 degrees outside and no air, this sucks
Anyone selling 1 ticket to Boys Noize tonight  mezzanine?
We just need 1 more
sounds like you had a lot of fun last night with your TAB.
I can't wait until I'm a teen librarian!
Three Floyds Night on Jan.
31 at TwinAnchorsBBQ!
Thx for the mention!
that's hard for me to believe.
Natural history museum today!
i spin hip hop.
i grew up here in tucson but just moved back form OKC.
so im starting fresh in this scene.
kinda been......
I like that also says goobers ...
I'm in good company!
I am enjoy the night at the 2011 Texas Medal of Art Awards in Austin.!
Pics to come shortly!
We are talking to Miss Black Minnesota USA coming up on the !
Happy Black History Month!
I'm trying to figure out how this nigga over an hr late for my cuz PROM!!!
Shud BET HIS ASS 
Thank you so much for the RT.
COCA appreciates your spreading the word about all there is to do in Tally!
did yu get my message from last night Yu was the only one that didn't answer
Whoa, blastfromthepast!
KillerInstinct!!
I think I still have that cart somewhere.
Dang, gotta check now...
Must wake up!
Z
No no no.
You're thinking of The Business, which my manhood is appropriately named.
I distinctly said my BIDness.
Hope everyone had a great weekend!
Is it weird in here, or is it just me?
Steven Wright
would u b interested in donating 25 2a nonprofessort scholarship fund/program 4 HS junior girls in return 4free ad etc?
Msg plz
Any CA peeps need a gallery installation or help getting your prints up?
will be in SJ 2/12.
Thanks for checking in!
Dang, Crossgates Mall is poppin' these days!!
Most of my favorite stores have been completely redone.
That explains how I got them 5xtra pnds
I cannot stop listening to I Am Second by the Everytime it comes on I push repeat at least 3 times!
Awesome song!
What I accomplished in clinical today: I managed to pick off all my nail polish and I slept.
I've never seen real cheese as stringy as it is in pizza commercials.
Remembering Sunday by All Time Low.
Gets me every time.
I love when life gets amazing.
heck yeah!
We will have to load up on PBR silos for that show again
I hate when people try to be like you.
POSER!
twitter glitter dirt party i have some extra cameras to flickr with queerdoctorpal doctorpalcon  bit.ly/dAUPYp
thi reminds me of that episode of icarly iphsyco
I love soo much
Tonight im gonna stay up late and have fun .
Chillin on the computer : Im so bored aha ..
Spent National Best Friend day yesterday with Love you guys
Another sea of tears from the baseball gods for Doug
I don't know how many you're expecting....but I've only picked up one from Amazon...
When ur ex asks u if v still can b friends after breakup, Its like a kidnapper tellin u to keep in touch
Thanks Candia please keep me informed of local events!
I feel horible :/
Author UnknownA great obstacle to happiness is to expect too much happiness .
Thanks for the RT !
We appreciate it.
Please stay posted for the latest in
The person who knows how will always have a job, but the person who knows why will always be his boss
LOL THAT TO
AW, well.
My eighth grade math teacher was an old, haitian man who was annoying as hell  we always messed with.
Th afternoon BPS baseball and softball games postponed due to weather.
Track meet at White Stadium still on.
Tks for making Marta feel so welcome at service today!!
Thanks for loving on our online hosts!!
Fruit, wings, Caesar salad, souvenir bucket snax, soft pretzel, dogs, brat, burger, fries, desert
Good time, vegasstyle!!!
Sometimes I Feel Like no one understands me...
Well.
Joshua Ledet's version of James Brown's 'Man's World' may be the best Idol performance ever.
Win this thing!
Such a pro.
great campaign, but a bit sad, no?
one of the greatest living designers working for diet coke.
well my hair looks great for a Friday night
where are you?
The human brain uses approximately as much energy as a 10 watt light bulb
Holy souped up monster truck.
mister Mackenzie wen he saw my doctoram car.
Are you ready for some football?
Thanks!
I'm really happy how the site came out too.
Left CO a month ago, loving Portland.
Still a lil mad
Well it was a great concert last night at the Tropicana in Atlantic City.
Jon Anderson and Rick Wakeman.
WOW
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter i didnt use it for a long time....
Oh.
My.
Goodness.
The conversations I have with this guy
: Whose idea was it to make you have to move your car to a different side of the road every day?somebody wit a garage
We are hosting 's 2012 Business Summit for 250 Students/Entrepreneurs.
Have Press Pass 4 event.
Interested?
just warning ya'll, there will be backlash when it is found out that every single hologram is lipsynching.
Cats are the coolest
So many coaches want to blame/credit the scheme but so often it's the effort within the scheme that determines whether execution is good/bad
Someday we will actually get a new sofa, but until then, this one looks way less shabby.
Awesome fun fun show for the kids at Trinity!
Thanks to the guys from for the support!
Just bought my copy of the zombiebible and I'm so excited!
People are filing into a Seaford funeral home to say goodbye to ATF Agent John Capano who was killed New Years Eve during a Rx robbery.
Happy new year east coast!
1 minute countdown to the tradeshow rush SXSW.
Come check out why sliderocketrocks and win a free MacBook Air!!
We are by the Saloon bar
All im going to say is if you are going to talk so much crap about me you should at least have the guts to say it to my face!
I wouldn't just don't need my 15 mins of making an ass of myself like some of these ppl
I agree.
Perhaps it's possible to be both.
I doubt he's the dastardly villain Tesla fans desire him to be.
BatCall for !!!
Where are you?!?
We have to network!
Ninja has arrived!
we need to hang out soon!
Im tired of hearing piece of cake
Thanks for ReTweetin' Poised Creation!
We thought your were looking sexier!!
wearing a purple shirt with red shoes....
like really dude shoot whoever taught you to doctorss!
ULTIMATE
Where are you going?
To the casino.
I thought they were only in las Vegas lmaoo
What's goin on Jenny?
No wifi!
Boo, can't check work email until I'm back at the hotel :
the wash post has been doing it too.
the Ecoroute says ill be there in about hour and a half.
it was great talking with you today.
Let's stay connected.
Should work.
What time?
Great meeting in Santa Fe  lunch at Blue Corn Cafe!
Delicious tamales!
Heading back up soon...
can anyone suggest another great lunch spot?
when will The Future of TV be available ondemand?
What am I saying?
Lol :
The NBC Universal commercial story about the cruise line was pretty amazing.
it's alright sis!!!
You'll find a better man I know that for a fact, he'll realize what he's lost REAL SOON!
I'm gonna give all my secrets away:
givebig A 24hour online giving event 12/14.
The Foundation will match upto 150,000 to incentivize giving during this period of time.
Thanks so much !
That was such a great project to work onglad more folks are getting to see it.
sad but true.
I am excited to announce that I recently started a nonprofessort project to raise funds for my BFF !
Website is coming soon!
is pushing through Monday!
Back to Miami already?
Yes
going to get my Steve Maddens today: can't wait to wear them out!
come on let me take u :
Me and my immobilized wrist and thumb are going to take a pain pill and a nap in that order.
RT Secretary Duncan entering.
Expect a strong focus on education in tonight's
The only way to beat your book is to out work them.
They do this 24 hours a day,do you have a capper that has a global network that does?
At seventeen  the sweetness  of shadows
Great to meet today.
I'm a big fan of and all the great innovations they're making.
I thought it was just incase he forgets how to start spelling the name on the back : P
so is delegated to superstars and pre ppv YouTube matches?
You know Apple may rule the world when you are upset that your PC can't charge more than 2 Apple devices simultaneously
Excited about the spring semester and fleshing out my research objectives into something powerful and transformative.
Jim Morrison tee is amazeballs!
:D
you didn't spring for teh deluxe model?
lol
Spring has sprung!
RT : Stuhr's 1890's Railroad Town opens tomorrow!
Costumed interpreters, working trades  historic homes...
poem Feelings awful and wonderful accompany the birth of every child.
It is the rest of their lives you must attend w/vigilance.
Democratic Womens Group Arises
I want it, I want it bad.
Thanks, I will check them out!!
follow me back I 3 UR family and your show u guys r amazing!!333 :xoxx
Might Not Be Able To Talk To Him Tonight :
I had no idea that we would have such a cute puppy in the office today!
Otherwise, I would have.
Make that a quadshot :
Harada: Students today are multitaskers, but we are unitasking them...
Read the book, listen to lecture, etc There's a disconnect.
Thanks to everyone who made it out to hear mister Gary Perlin speak this afternoon!
We are playing with the iPad2 ...
what are your favorite features?

What rule did you break?
Ladies Night  Dorsey's Locker w/DJ Styles 2nite, 7p  12a, 5817 Shattuck, Oak.
Live Music, doctornk Spcls  Ladie's Massage  GR8 Soul Food.
I LOLd at James Michael Johnson Cougar Mellencamp.
Time to use these iTunes cards from Christmas haha
Thinking bout my family Love you all so much!!!
Truth.But its equally true that you cant stop people from trying to fake it.
RT You cannot fake soul.
will be jumpin with ya tomorrow night!
Go Bulls!
Looking tough!
Absolutely RT survival rate nt changing in 2 decades, I think people would think it had changed by a lot.
If I still cared about my resume, I'm pretty sure I'd put Kickass Pandora Station Creator on it.
Oh, where the ego will roam.
Muppets is a very funforallages flick, and pretty smart, to boot.
Do it!
Why not?
He's hilarious, and I hear some people find him attractive.
Time to make moves.
No time to wait.
I've spent too much time waiting on other folks
Pinewood Derby time!
It's biketowork week!
Are you biking today?
Putting together my animation reel!
Can't wait to post it!
heck ya!
The key to maintaining pure boundaries in public is saying NO in private.
Chicago Craft Beer Week is going to be nuts in Logan Square
Should I go horseback riding tomorrow?!
Argh, too much good stuff a ASJa missing online markets w to hear food/nutrition editors including
Follow , exWall Street analyst for all things social, mobile  startup.
Plus, Batman  Star Wars!
'Tis the season...
for job interviews.
buy our eggs locally from Congdon Farms, which have nothing to do with the recall.
So stop by for some healthy  delicious breakfast tacos!
3 3 big big BIG announcement next month.
Stay tuned 3 3
Totally.
RT : Saying goodbye to my ONEmoms counterparts in DC was not easy : Definitely friends for life after a trip like this
Don't be reckless with other people's hearts, and don't put up with people that are reckless with yours.
I'm really hoping that another network picks up Harry's Law.
It is one of my favorite shows.
OCLC survey: Joyce: if we create standards, will ARL add them to its overall stats?
ARL trying to cut down on data collecting
gossip girl or new bachelorette?!?!
pgp ...
bachelorette!!!!!
bc who's NOT going to watch tonight.
i mean, seriously...
U live and learn
Wade is turning into Kobe pretty much, except his complaining is happening lil more often which that needs to stop
by the way I probably spelled so many words wrong don't laugh at me lmao ;D
Just going to keep my mom in my prayers
Step 4 Determine how long each exercise should take to see when each clip will be released in your autoresponder schedule
Nice stab and throw by Martinez at 3rd to end the 7th.
woo hoo!!
Congrats!!
Guys what sense does it make to look at another grl in front of your grl????
i hope you realize the season is longer than a month!
Pick me!
Pick me!
But I only know how to use a french press.
I'm good at it though.
Too much happening all at once..
Our youth have been educated by the lyrics of mainstream recording artists its no wonder they rely on spellcheck and autotune for dignity.
Why are liberals who want the government to regulate their health care upset that the government wants to regulate their internet?
YOU DO NOT PAY TOLL to my house jon!
thats aunt kates lol my exit is TORRENCE
Lately I have been waking up at 530am inspired to write.
yeeeaahh not more singel got a verrrrryyy sweet boyfriend omg i love u baby see u in school 3
Good morning UK tweeps!
Sleepless American twit wishing you a happy Sunday :
NewFeds interviewing outside of library jobs, lose the library jargon.
plain speaking is a valuable asset
Trying to reach 50,000 views this month for the trailer for A Christmas Wish...
Hope you'll take a bit of time to watch and help spread t
I'm up too!
Good luck with your games!
fair enough.We are still wondering whether we would hang out with us as long as you did if we were you.
That makes sense right?

Omg at votec Cant believe it aint nun but 8 people here out of da whole damn votec skewl
good.
this has to happen.
3 essays in less than 3 hours
Absolutely.
You can contact our HR dept for info.
you should post that picture of us :
but you're already doing it, is the good news!
Morae and silverback usability software: new to me!
u mean me and luis party ?
Eww i dont wanna see u tonight lolz !
Well, it doesn't hurt as much as the Raiders game, but painful, nonetheless
Pretty sure just convinced me to buy a GoPro camera for diving.
Of course she points them out the day I get a bonus at work...
Get it!!
Not quite yet.
Will keep you updated!
you told me all this stuff but I'm confused when I read your tweets I think your beautiful and cool to be with but idk Wat to do
There's value in the demonstration effect; can help sway indecisive FAs.
Also lowrisk, total risk is just 27m.
Liam Hemsworth getting punk'd :
Got a iPhone for Easter
Big Soccer Match Sunday at 8am LIVERPOOL vs CHELSEA!
Wasn't that Kelly Clarkson?
Ha..
People are so sad when you have to tell them they number 600 on the hunger games list!
doctorving around the district blasting de la soul on this gorgeous spring day.
Cannonball boss nova on wbgo this morning.
Another mp3 to steal.
No need to watch tonight, my agent tells me I'm not gonna be picked until tomorrow.
WE BUY GOLD!
PAY MOST !
WATCH BATTERIES FROM  1.99!
WE SIZE WATCHES , REPAIRS!
I think its super weird that some people like mcmuffins more than biscuits.
Biscuits are where it's at!
Memoir Book Party TODAY.
5pm.
Busboys and Poets THE 5TH INNING by E.
Ethelbert Miller
Facade Grant applications due today!
Please let me know if you plan on applying!
RT : 1st time I interviewed Brian Blade..made it clear..his influences were church, Levon Helm  soul music.
BBM PIN: STOP ASKING!x
Sometimes I start to miss you, I really do.
Then I think about what you did to me.
I can't stand you, omg.
To bad they can't combine Liposuction and oral sex, the world would be a much thinner place
Can we all hold hands across America until Whitney is off the air?
Rangers and Devils, who will it be?
Does Cam Janssen see some game action?
Does NJD start the same lineup as 3/19 game?
Absolutely.
How many times do u go out there to see him when he's not with u?
we have 2 other freshmen girls and a junior guy!
Chicks with big titts with no ass shit looks weird lol
If we gonna WHOOPASS, let me crack the first can
Congrats to my little brother and best friend, for completing his degree and 4 years of collegiate golf.
am I a dork for wanting to hang my grades on my fridge?
Well spoken David.
Of course that is exactly what my wife does...
Bcfm is tasting pale ales tonight.
Congrats to Chris Ruzich for his guess of 1200 on the Friends of KCPT page on Facebook!
He was the closest.
WTG!
Keep an eye out for the next TRUCKEROO 3 on August 12th!
More information coming soon...
Dave Matthews Band
Alright SNY, I'm sticking with you for good postgame sound from Terry and David.
Bring it.
if this is what he wants and its what she wants, then whys there so much pain?
What am I looking forward to this summer, um nothing now that wont be doing his summer camps in Laredo,Texas:
what did they do haha
What will you sing at karaoke on Thursday night?
Think of a song.
We're bound to have it!
1287 D Glenwood Ave Atlanta 7p10p
Patricia Hswe recommends that I should follow you, and that we have quite a bit in common, including being vegetarians.
:
SMH DAMN MIAMI
give me more kerosene haha :'
Ask not what you can do for your country.
Ask what's for lunch!
I'll tell ya....chicken pad thai with extra peanut sauce!
hey beautiful,text me I have a question.
Will u marry me Zooey, i wanna make music
I'll say it: the Bee Hospital skit on the first SNL was ahead of its time.
People didn't dig science humor in the mid70s.
Now it would work
doctored all natural dog food.
Does that help?
aha feel the burn!
Just finished painting...
turned out amazing.
I will be sharing soon.
Live your life awake...
WEAR WHAT YOU BELIEVE!
in that case, I would like to fight both of you.
You've got to hit Robert's Western Wear and Tootsie's, too.
Have fun!
Hope you're well.
what I heard was in the hallway between the commons and gym
You both look beautiful!
Today, whatever may annoy, the word for me is joy, just simple joy.
John Kendoctorck Bangs
correlation does not equal causation, but I still like the chart!
Goodnight everyone.
I love you all.
i wanna go to western playland so bad :l
A little off topic, but William Gay is no longer a Steeler!!
This plus the doctoram game
Actress.
Wrestler international fitness star and champion professorssional dancer.
Model
this partygirl is gonna turn up the tunes and dance!
wanna watch me wriggle  writhe?
tell me your fav sexy song and lets get down'n'dirty!
kind of sick of my library's childoctorns area,chick lit area, teen area, jn high area  we are already doing this, right?
Happy Hour tonight and every weeknight from 57.
BOGO
The Class 1 streetcars will be appearing on your television screens very soon...
keep your eyes on this feed for the details!
That awkward moment when you're catching up with someone you don't talk for ages and you're just 
1st day of school!
Since the '72 Plymouth Duster or '68 Camaro is out, how about the new Mustang?
Looking for Macfriendly presentation software for presentations to large groups.
What did use when he was at RIT
thanks liz...not a lotta!
you know, same old same old.
Well thanks for coming in we're glad you enjoyed the ravioli!
omg u cute stephen, u cute
is that in Miami??
The pleasure was ours!
oh...
My twitter takes a while to load.
Ops.
Your Saints better shred a lot of cheese tonight.
Will try to get to your session, Cameron.
So much for bein the perfect couple :/
RT : singing my bo 3
completely agree!!!!!
Liz Goodgold suggests new definition for alpha fem.
It's more like protecting your turf
Just spend an interesting morning at the Clean House tv show's yard sale.
I actually thought I was at a Pearl Jam concert in the mid 90's!
hope the current dates are going better!!!
There's still room in our beginner's brewing class tonight.
Starts at 7.
Start a hobby where the reward is beer!
Malcolm Floyd for another first ...18 yard ...Rivers just joined Marino, Brees and company for back to back 4K passing season
Was I picking my nose?
aw.
Thank you!
I did have a great day with my bestie and family.
My favorite thing is when I got my bikini.
:
get your shit together!!
just some thoughts here!
haha
Adorn the Wicked  Can't Believe in You  Arlene's Grocery: via
But seriously, yours sounds like the opposite of despair  misery.
I don't know exactly wht it is bt I need some Sichuanbacon.
So many adventures, so little time.
Time to get acrackalackin'
Thrilled for Joss Whedon, he's the smartest fellow I've ever interviewed  now he's tops alltime at box office.
Sweet affirmation!
LOL.
Was struggling out there.
thanks for the S.O pal
So, 's favorite One Direction song is Save You Tonight  she just called it Save Your Soul
To the person doctorving behi....oh yeah, you dont follow me on twitter, so what I was about to say is probably useless
Thanks for the RTs
No joke, is a superb show!
It is best enjoyed with and
haha!
I know  I saw that.
Hilarious.
What a wonderful image!!!
Thank goodness someone shared that!!
That looks creepy!
In FAHRENHEIT 451, every citizen was forced to have 2 way TV in every room.
Turning TV off was crime against state!
NVRMD  doctornes r here!
Agreed.
24 hours is a bit long.
You're Gonna miss This 3
Possibly a mixture of both!
Are you going Dave?
everybody pleaz add she is an amazing role model!!!!
PLZ add her!!
You will LOVE HER I promise she is so nice
I feel as wise as the old owl.
RT : BREAKING: North Carolina's antigay marriage amendment has passed 
When Cary Hoffman was asked if he would ever live abroad, he responded: Yeah, Brooklyn!
That's the farthest I'll ever go!
That is awesome news!!!!!!!
I'm a Sporting KC fan in Boston, MA.
Is the game being broadcast on national TV?
What a difference I can feel in my workouts now that I'm eating a bit more
I need highlights and a haircut and money and a life.
The real race will begin soon.
I speculate it will be a race between Obama and Romney when the GOP primaries wrap up.
I rise again i am a blessed man thank you
professorasked about finding review articles for cognitive science/psychology/philosophy.
Any tips for finding them?
Even though i know, i don't want to know.
Yeah i guess i know i just hate the way it sounds.
After today, I'm not sure you'll be around to see July...
I was just working with him at the Hollywood prom last weekend!
Heh.
Pitt international center spring picnic billed as the best excuse to get out of the building without an EMS alert!
Just landed.
Who won, the ads or the football?
has anyone tried the bleach challenge yet
things are better?
I know Sarasota well I used to train in Bradenton.
i know I do miss my brother
My apologies to Bo Ryan...
Florida State you suck
I never seem to get it done at night.
If its gonna get done, its in the morning.
the customer is not always right.
Did not accept return with receipt.
That
Danish men are so beautiful its not fair
The ONLY way to improve upon the Dems.
Vegastrain Gig is to include a CRUISESHIP leg.
hybrid eink and backlit tablet device?
Can I stand in line behind you?
I know it sounds like a fairy tale but I still believe in that :
WAKING UP doctorNK FROM LAST NIGHT 
Photo Essay on the NYPL Schwarzman Building www.j.mp/9kdDjR
There were 29 players in today's 140 buy in noon tournament.
Top 3 places get paid, first place 1758.
Next tournament is at 7 pm tonight.
Ion even knoe my niggas/bros twitter names smh
super excited :
Tried a new grain this evening, roasted Kasha, not sure I enjoyed its smokey flavor...
Hey , I'd love to come visit with you and Ms.
I really miss you both : I may have a chance to visit next summer.
Time.
To.
Fly.
this hina I know.
But u take to long to reply.
So i took care of it already.
Thank you for the RT!
:
1st book comes out n Nov, shopping 2nd around.
Decided to outline the 3rd.
In the midst of it now  why didn't I do this b4?
Also, school roll calls always include the initial, so everyone will know
Miss you too!!!
We need to hang out soon
Rihanna's song Birthday Cake would be way better with Trey Songz in it...
what time???
omgz i'm running out of focus
Great Carmen performance with Opera Company of Brooklyn last night  already planning for next season : 
Vagina joke are not funny.
Period
Thanks Zig!
Yeah, seems to be the popular choice.
i remember when in science we would sing baby making music to each other and make sentences Anissa and Matt would laugh so hard at us.
hahhaha.
love it.
now and then there's a patron that calls here on the weekend to ask the temperature.
then hangs up.
I rarely ever say this, but I rocked my callback today!
No matter what happens at this point, I'm at least glad about that!
:
Boo, my iPod just died!
I guess no music for me while I edit video.
sad face
sorry to hear about your dog :
I wonder if knows that it is May...:P
I posted my first stupid ass tweet....
RT : bummed I can't catch tomorrow night at Or Vuvuzela at Matchless tonight
I have my ND sweatshirt on today...and WE ARE MARQUETTE!
onlyif Would follow me back 
love you kiddo 3
seriously?
all these trades in NFL  NBA are putting me thru it.
Why old men want to ruin new careers is beyond me
If you are a Piano Bar Entertainer we have a world class job for you!
Contact us ASAP!

here's to American Innovators working for the good of all man/womankind.
2012 is off to a great startup!
nice job on the beatles post!
I am on day 5 sans coffee  switched to green tea to avoid headaches  seems to be working
Just watched the NBC dateline special on Whitney Houston.
I really feel bad for her guys.
So sad!!!!
I need a Slugger meme.
Who is up to the task?
Big congrats to you my friend on your nomination for THE BEAVER .
Good luck at the show.
.....just got home from antro....music was sick in both rooms.....the real Club Antro is back!!!!
I'd be interested in a trade.
Fashion Is Hot.....but.......
Faith Is Hotter!
Haha...
Someone with no front teeth hit on us.
is it live?!
I'll watch!
that is not true : when I return to my house I will dm you :D
My chest hurts bad so no school NBA 2k 11 now.
Great recommendation from : , Detroit 's premiere BellyDance troupe in middle eastern dance.

Thank you so much 3 I love you too!
Mwaaahh;
I mean look when you got it, you got it
my ankle hurts really badly.lol
going on a couples retreat to Jamaica first of April
Going to artica tonight for open mic
Just learned of a new grape variety from central Italy.
Whose heard of Olivella????
a little birdie told me
glad some of our convo was useful haha!
One more to 80:
Should I Post A Video Of Me Singing
I'd like to be everything you want :D
Checking in meeting!!
Great turnout!!!
Very much loving Breaking and Entering by Eileen Pollack.
Grub's National Book award winner.
Fridayreads
like an about me.
For you twiitter page.
I got one most people do.
Thanks, Vickie!
x
I'd love to connect!
I'll DM you back with my contact into.
I'm looking bomb as hell  now you wanna speak.
just read about your puppy...so sorry about the Parvo...sending prayers your way!
We will be billing Inno for roughly 42 pint glasses
: PV also hides the speaker  the doer from view; makes it harder to question both power  ways of knowing.
It's mine I spends it
I wanna know what I would look like if I got a spray tan.
guil two u two
they r a blowin....me
I hope to be there!
RT : Who all is going to the honors banquet at stc12?
Thanks!
RT : I'm at 's AIDSWalkLV at UNLV...great day to be on the campus, the weather is absolutely beautiful!
Congratulations sir.
You earned it.
Heh.
It's funny, because it's true.
Rolling around an enormous suitcase on this subway commute and having men offer to help, makes me feel like an assholeIT'S EMPTY
Yep.
But we'll get thru it.
As Philly fans we always seem to.
When I grow up I want to be a dancing astronaut stay at home Mommy who doctorves a fire truck
Movie recommendation is Meryl Streep in SheDevil
I miss crisp cool air.
Well hell , we went over and beyond that.
HUSTLERS LOVE ATL
True!
Crowdsourcing human traffic in metro region would be interesting to see!
Just tap mobile data.
Happy mothers day .
My boyfriend just broke up with me over text!
Awesome now I can go out tonight and look for my rebound : TGIF
I wiSh I had her beautiful curly hair
Awesome Career Contest happening.
Eng9 students can submit career projects and win 100.00.
See me for details!
Those predictions are terrible
Thanks Peter!
:
Going out tonight no laying up watching hbo 
sorry i left the chat my screen froze so i had to end it
Good to see you on Twitter.
I love you too!!!
Playing tomorrow at Ground Zero, Wednesday at Borg Ward.
oh lets go paccckkkkaaaaaasssss!!!!!
In the real world people use Delicious, in academia use citeulike, mendeley for social bookmarking
Great product!
Love the compact look and ability for MOM to put in her purse!
Call our office to set up an interview
thanks for the retweet!
Hope you ate having a great week!
Yesterday we have transported Bears' Matt Forte and Johnny Knox to the Soldier field for a quick meeting and back to their homes!
Go Bears!
Come check out our Bordella it is beautiful and probably just what you are looking for!
:
I really don't need to develop an insomnia habit.
I know where u from?
In my cookie: Promote literacy.
Buy a box of fortune cookies today.
What kind of fortune is that?
Seriously.
Kinda been blas about NCAA games most of the day.
Guess that's b/c they haven't been like VCUWichita St!
i play basketball at Emory so I can't play IM football, SIG NU needs you!
Please let me know if this possible...you the man 35
watching the brewer game
5 lbs till my goal weight : !
I am the light of the world.
If you follow me you won't have to walk in darkness because you will have the light that leads to life Jas 8:12
Someone's copying you in the stands gumby
looking forward to a great night at Epic.
Talking about If you really LOVE me then REACH Me!
: What's up.
Chillin!
Happy it's Friday!
I love u
Good morning, all.
Coffee is on !
Kudos to People's BankAlbuquerque for overcoming obstacles and following through with a closing today!!
is just jealous!
Stop telling me how awesome Cabin in The Woods is already.
I'll see it soon enough and the world will survive.
Free box of ProV1s from The Boss.
My sincerest apologies when some poor folks find her name on the golf ball in their living room.
GREEN MANSIONS 1959, one of the few Audoctory Hepburn films I haven't seen in its entirety.
Love 2 find it online someplace.
sorry I was off today, glad mama tapps loved the cornbread.
You know that's a recipe, right?
Noeleen: In a crisis, be careful to make sure spokespeople are not cocky or if they have a problem with people second guessing them
he would get a girlfriend , honestly some teenage boys have norespect .
Last niqht I had a doctoram about you3
ha, no, just 2 hours of people in the only bar in town telling me so.
It went from complimentary to awkward.
All I ask is that you don't try to mail me, just to see what will happen.
cc:
Wow, Blount mowed over Bishop and a few others, dudes a beast
Sometimes I just have to wonder who is getting federal jobs...
I'd have an easier time getting out of Labyrinth, I think.
gonna quote songs that come on shuffle...ready set go.
Cubs beat the Cards in walk off fashion.
Even though we're on our way to a 60 win season, it's always great to beat your rival!
Office Depot Reports In line
I couldn't wait to win an elliptigo!
I invested yesterday...
love elliptigo!!
Sorry about your experience!
Did you find a place?
Check out South Lake Union.
All the OKC talk filling up my TL
Clean Coal Campaign Teams with NASCAR  Power Engineering Magazine
take me to wright today I'll give you a present Friday 
GUESS WHATS TRENDING WORLDWIDE!!!!!
AH
If you partied hardy for the Oscars last night, a good Swedish massage would feel great today!
thse bitches on 16  Pregnant make me mad as hell.
CAN'T STOP WAN'T STOP STAY GRINDING.
All right.
Voted.
doctorpped off kiddo.
Rearend in seat buckled for takeoff.
dl10 here I come!
why do people still use rar?
muni is so
I will!
My heart lies with IU but I can't turn down seeing the other Zeller, live in St.
Louis!
Need more video visuals!!!
Denver colorado !
not today.
Sorry.
Got plans
Kings of Leon.....

she cute follow her fo me 
Good night PINAS!
:D good morning CALIFORNIA!
:D
How the hell are you leaving me alone tomorrow?
I'm gonna freaking die without you at practice ugh bitch!!jk I luv you be safe
This is the perfect day for outdoor dining in Arlington!
Which favorite patio or rooftop bar will you be visiting?
Its early in morning...just doctorpped off the daughter for all day vball tournaments
: Chalmers lil gay ass dont want none of david west if he's gay he might...
But he dont want to fight thas for sure
Congrats on scoring the second interview!
True, I was out for one last night myself!
it's always a fun time.
Thanks to everyone that came out for the show tonight at .
rocked the bar of course and is mass appreciatedd
Wouldn't have done what's on this video in his right mind Are you in your right mind broadcasting this?
So, essentially lose 30 by age 30.
I'm not going to tweet what I'm eating or anything.
Just need to put it out there to be accountable.
xo
all i want to do it watch the Avengers again
I live across the street from a Target.
It's both horrible and wonderful.
I compared the two, Davies was slightly better
I dont really play sports, lol where do you live?
lol
The notion of the 1 demonstrates that this may be the most corrupt period in history  and corruption thrives in and leads to decay
No doubt!
fascinating.
Have you talked to ?
hopefully my brother baby ricky gets better and comes out the hospital
me too!
but i really wish i could tell him
MyStoryMySong  very touching, inspirational.
Cowritten by Now I'm looking up 'Streams in the Desert.'
Can't stop staring at the bad empty space in the corners of the shield on the Nets logo.
Yelp, you cost me dearly.
In the end you won.
It wasn't you, but it was the computers on the other end of the trading that tricked me.
Thanks so much for the great actorskey workshop on Sunday.
Even with a cold you took the time to answer all our questions.
Smart Irrigation Tip: Is it time for an irrigation check up?
Inspect your system monthly for leaks, broken or clogged sprinkler heads, and 
We rent copiers..
Let us know how we can help you.
3037780600
LIVE ON MFS RADIO.COM 210 SLAP A HOE SHOW
This really sucks that steelers are not in the super bowl.
So to help with the pain will giveaway a autograph
No matter how hot, I have a difficult time taking an 'Ashley' number seriously
We're sorry to have disappointed you, Simona.
But the good news is A60 will be opening Sat.
May 12th at 8:30 PM!
See you there!
Congratulations!
It's an awesome place to be.
your cute no matter what :
Happy New Year twitter.....
Stay tuned.
I read Leas story and i am sad but happy justin inspires lea and gives her strength and joy everyday.
Oh no..I just remembered DST is this weekend.
I'm excited for longer days but not looking forward to losing that hr of sleep.
I been ripin n runing all day
lifewaseasybefore I didn't know Jake T Austin.
Merry Christmas Everyone!
Remember the most important thing in our lives are the people in it.
I'm so greatful to have you all as friends.
1st Person to RT this tweet will receive a complimentary VIP booth this Friday with Champagne   NOCHE FEVER 21
We've put more effort into helping folks reach old age than into helping them enjoy it
no he always is outside!
Lol
My old proofreading class: In an early lesson, the instructor revealed the spelling of supersede and half the students gasped audibly.
do you need promo?
me too
Home for the last 30 laps to find Edwards in 15th....come on now.
A fusion of Peruvian and Italian!
delicious Pisco Sours!
April 6th!
Start at 6pm.
See you there.
46 East Superior!
Noticing a lot of empty overhead space.
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but I love you so much so follow me maybe :?
Responded to VACATE  10834 64th Avenue, Queens, NY 11375 and helped 3 Residents.
Red Cross auto update.
I got to get a new laptop!!!
Thanks for the RT
Just saw the play MOUNTAINTOP in NY.
It's a brilliantly complicated portrayal of King's last night.
Bassett's performance is powerful!
Up early on a Saturday to head to THATCampPNW where I will be roundtabling with and Terry Schenold.
Thanks for following me.
Looking forward to get some designs for digitizing or vector art from your side.
Thanks, FRANK
Thank you for your nice comments!
X THE DOG BEEN WAITING ON HIM TO GET BACK ON THE SEEN
3696 favorite color?:
I loved 'Midnight in Paris' such an awesome movie!!!
Talented Reggae / Dancehall Artist From Toronto .
Looking for some support lets do this !
tell him to make one
anytime my friend.
Thanks for being a logical Browns fan.
what does that have to do with anything?
I enjoy reading this because I picture a fish bluff catching you and you rage tweeting in the parking lot.
Excited to see and in tonight!
Break a leg, gents.
Man, brutal, brutal injury news about Suggs if it's true.
they do tht so u hafto buy more gum
IS damn a Curse word??
: you have such an infectious laugh!
: fun being at liveonkomo w you  SO SWEET!
3
Just saying the more respect shown to each other, the better chance of understanding, change, or both.
Nice one!!
Turn it up!
Thank you to everyone who came out for the launch party on Friday hosted by the lovely 
I love the ones by Jiffy, but it all depends on your budget!
Tonight, a man asked me if my hair was real.
Not believing me when I said yes, he touched it.
So.
Yeah.
Should be a good weekend.
Very Good and Funny weekend recap Monica.
Great to meet you and look forward to next weekend in Birmingham!
haha what's her twitter name.
Bananas right?
RT : 140 characters isn't enough for my thoughts
haha, nothing much, just chilling with the boys.
: Jake says hi!
Do not forget to hug your loved ones today.
Hug them and tell them you love them.
They should mean everything to you.
You're hilarious bro.
Much love.
Hope you crush it next season.
i dont care how they got there.
just that they stated it for everyone to hear.
that is going to do a lot for us.
I think my overall quality of life doctorstically improved after I started following on instagram.
My goodness...
To inspire a community that will build your business, brands need to integrate contribution into the business
Cool!!!
What kind of tablets are you getting for 11?
Looking forward to it!
we've ate at this gas station everyday
Love you too sister RT: brother i love you!
Thanks for following!
Haha, well, it did not work for me.
agreed.
i don't know why, but, agreed.
LMFAO!
RT who are these Badgers you speak of?
Lol.
I hope they like David Guetta...and lots of him!
Occupy PDX announces plan to prohibit businessasusual at the banking institutions that they feel have hijacked the government on Thurs.
Briannah does it cross the zero line on this ?
Yes.
It actually doesnt.
Ohmygod...
its okay.
:: Just made an STL shoutout on Live gooey butter cake, toasted ravioli and pork steaks sound good right about now.
Why she is still head of The Knockouts if Sting won and Immortal lost all powre still confuses me.
lol
Yeah, I just hashtagged myself!
:P CristinaCho  oops, I did it again!
; ClassicBritneySpears Good night!
some people dont know how lucky they really are
Waiting to interview Ingrid Monroe
Congrats to Rich Peverley and the Bruins!
Couldn't have happened to a nicer guy.
Ultimately It's My Decision To Make But I'm Trusting GOD On This.
: talk by made me stop see and hear the 3 empires in a whole new way, thanks for telling me about it
no problem.
hopefully you get it working in the morning.
so how did Justin Verlander do tonight?
also, does anyone know how many pitches he threw?
Seeing Fever/doctoram on Thursday at the Woolly Mammoth!
The apple doesn't fall far from the tree!
haha jk!
you I like it..
you want me to put you on the site?
its free!
Gotta be related to Hubert Davis.
Nice meeting you and learning about your business at
FOLLOW ME PLEASE I LOVE YOU 3 IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH TO ME
I am no baby ass girl!!
And no I was no I was 10 minutes up the road from you in Denison..
Lol
SOMEBODY SKYPE ME!
Man I didn't see u in forever.
I miss you shoot RT : Lol, what's up T.
I'm around.
My safe word is Ouch.
Gresham Barlow SD says no school for students Wednesday..
negotiations ongoing but teachers strike nearing...
Try not to become a man of success, but rather to become a man of value.
He is considered successful in our day who gets more out of life 
thanks for attending!

that wasn't what I was going for...but you fell for it anyway!
;o Talk to you soon, Myrna Smyrna.
Belief creates the actual fact.
William James
20 minutes until our first meeting of the semester!
excited to start a great year!
ok i'm getting off text me i feel like eating poptarts and i hate when it gets all in between my keys
copy your new code paste it in save  close.
yeah.
i had to put the gym part in there for that reason.
haha.
Why most women tend to live in an abusive relationship????
Please get out why you can!!!!!!!
...Smiling...
Well that doesn't happen often .
This game will have many disappointments but long as you learn from them that is all that matters.
DontBeOnTwitterIf YOLO is in every single Tweet
thanks for the BUZZ!
missed my window!
I'll see if it circles back to resources.
I would love to be able to read it as I love all of your TVD stories.
Just added you on LJ.
My account is jadtennis.
Thanks!
what's up!
Exclusive: very 1st to talk to abt hosting MBM, Stephen's old job.
Very cool interview.
Tune in Tues.
10p
Jus got done eatin and now I'm bout ta go ta bed
I hate me for that I just can cry about this....
what more can i do
My first period teacher 
Looking forward to PRSA's luncheon today: Ted Ballweg from the Alliant Energy Center speaks about event based PR!
Him and Quade would be BFF's.
And that's not a good thing : Sammy Sosa called.
He wants his end of his Cubs career back.
come to America :
Hello Friends, have a conference soon give me a call customized outfits 7708478155 holiness, modest apparel, oneGod, Jesus, 
Barack Obama for President, OOPS he is the Presi...
HA HA HA, FOUR MORE YEARS!!!
: That French Creole origin article looks good, I'll check it out after the gamePlease do, It's very informative
omgee I was doing that earlier tew
Crying doesn't mean you're weak, it means you've been too strong for too long.
kennedy town in hong kong rocks
Probably gonna do more job hunting tomorrow, gotta be able to get myself to Ohio next year...
I'm determined to make this happen.
I get to go too woohoo !!!!
Go g men
darkening already!
Anyone else feeling like putting the sun on a leash and making it stay up longer?
Thanks for the follow.
You know that we love you guys and appreciate what you do!
Didnt have my phone allday so I lost out on money!!
But I'm back on it and its my birthday so I'mma get fucked up tonight!!
btw, what did he do that was unacceptable?
I live in atl with you, so idk yet
Tonight's MLS game sponsored by TakO bell haha gotta love the Brit accent....
If field day is rained out I'm going to be so mad
So my sister looked absolutely stunning at prom !!!!!!
I wish I was home to see her off.
tear ah prom night
4 more days y'all.
Less for the private school folk.
Lol.
The only goal I have this year is to figure out a way to go to Comic Con But that probably won't be happening
Dear iTunes, why is it 99 cents for a song and 1.29 for a ringtone?
Sincerely, confused
RT : just discovered you after listening to Brian Blade Fellowship  love your tone man :
Thanks for the RT!
Love your website!
It really displays your talents well...
keep rockin it :
Good service comes from great people.
We get to work with, and around some of the best.
Thank you to our employees and partners.
LOL, I am glad Gina, Your a wonderful friend and need to know how you touch people.
and that's touch not TOUCH
hat fake laugh you do when you don't understand what someone said to you...
You're like :D but deep inside you're like oO
it'll be even more attractive with you as the godmother.
js.
hey thanks for the RT, we are super excited about this new set of solutions and capabilities we are giving to customers!
These doctorams i keep havin about my mom n grandma wtf
I'm so different from the girls you know...
I'm not thin and I'm def taller than 5' 5 ...
and you thought I would fit right in?
At some point you have to decide when enough is enough for yourself....
A tarnished ring on a tarnished chain time keeps changing come sun or rain
William, stop wiping your greasy hands on your pants!
I'm not  my hands are exercising!
oO
If you haven't seen the sweet  sexy offerings from 're missing out!
Come pick out something slinky at !
Do you like twibble?
I need a new twitter client for bb.
videoediting and blogging today
Getting ready to watch the NASCAR for the first time this season.
Yay!
Let the racing begin.
Don't like seeing shaq in celt green
Exclusive IMAX runs like MI:4 good for Hollywood?
Clearly good for IMAX, up 5 and back above 20 a share.
Today the Museum enters our 14th year!
Thank you to everyone who has been involved  everyone who has visited, helping to spread our mission
Your video can not be viewed on mobile and I'm on my iPod :
not sure still working on the details
skipping school is bad Carla!
I luv criticism.
It makes me dance like a butterfly in front of criticz.
lol
We have the mass text system, but encourage teachers to use and to keep in closer contact with parents
My pleasure!
What else do you watch for Halloween?
I do not like it.
It adds no value to my daily life.
i put it back in ur locker
thank you sweetie,you know you the best too!!!
: Greenpoint loses another gay bar, RIP Veronica People's Club I wanna take you to a gay bar, gay bar...oh wait I can't :
Hi Erik, thanks for following me, looks like we have lots in common, who knows?
maybe someday we could work together??
doesn't realize that I have a shirt like my background here and it is way cooler than his :O but, none the less, cool as me he is.
lesbian sisters at war
Honored by Grand Jury Prize from !
Congrats to too for audience award.
We love that film!
I wish Outbreak still toured..forever pissed.
local independent Printing Companies in LasVegas...We want to hear about them.
Welcome to Titletown, Casey.
Go Pack Go!
couple of them went to my high school
RT for a S/o to almost 3000 people that are
Everyone in LA is hella mad at the Lakers.
It's comedy.
If the relationship is good why do you need a paper to define it?
I'm ready !
Let's get this Twitter Party going!
A weight has been lifted off of me.
Happy about the business decision I made tonight.
Looking forward to big changes in my financial future.
We gonna make it  Jadakiss
The samples were DELICIOUS!!!
Thank you!
Did you know Oscar the Grouch was orange for the first season of Sesame Street?!
instrumental in coordinating  pep rally in '11
Haha yeah he came to the Dixie for breakfast this mornin lol
5 All U Can Eat Tacos On Tuesday!!
And Happy Hour Get it to Patron Azteca!!!
Real Mexican Food!
YO I'M FRIED
Freedom is nothing but a chance to be better  Albert Camus
Yes absolutely!
excited to meet you!!
via Bo just said he didn't call a TO because he doesn't like leaving inbounders with no timeouts.
: If he loves you, he'll show it  not tell you
Eating apple slices and doctornking muscle milk
I think you get more comments on your GAC about people disliking that you've met them than anything else.
Great job on your vid
THIS CARTOON FROM MY CHILDHOOD WAS WEIRD!
I FEEL SORRY FOR THE TRIX RABBIT HE JUST WANTS SOME CEREAL!
TTWLA 2012 MAY HAVE ALREADY LOCKED IN A VENUE FOR THRILL DAY 2012 YEAH
Baby come home late, tap me on my shoulder,I'll roll over.Baby I heard you, I'm here to serve u.
If its love u need, to give it is my joy
Having a late dinner at tonight.
Then Food and Wine Mag's showcase tomorrow.
Fun!
Food fact of the Day: March 31, 1989 Japanese Chefs in New York persuade the FDA to allow them to import and serve fogu.
Can't wait to hear the debate on WPR tomorrow morning.
Should be pretty enlightening.
We smoke dope, all day, all night...you smoke Reggie, thats that shit I don't like!
Thanks!
It's kind of a fun idea.
And thanks for the brogramming support, tooit's a polarizing topic but important to discuss.
Uh huh.
Lol cause i didnt wanna trun off yalls notifications to my phone but my battery does NOT needa die lol.
I hate havn to blow doctor my hair
PR Newswire and Business Development Institute to Host a Live Event: San Francisco Content Marketing and ...
LICK  Short Film: via
that sounds pretty awesome!
It opened today, we should try to go next week
yes we do.
I'm definitely seeing a weak group.
: ..what is with these weak deals on sharktank tonight!?
I jus got to my Gramma house, I'm bout to come up there soon :
main problem was w/ defenders  how they basically gave up just before Mick was sacked!
Not willing to pay new manager also!
Take a walk.
Always works for me.
Nothing has ever bothered me as much as my recent realization that I have never seen bird testicles.
Thanks to and for speaking today Always great to hear your thoughts on the world of food.
different designs are probably b/c each dept bids out its own contract.
or no one cares about consistency
you got it.
The Bad Seed is the best.
A blond haired blue eyed little girl who kills people and a really good liar.
There is something slightly funny ab the fact that you know TED talks will be over taken in Google search by Ted the movie.
I wonder if the Wolverine Fans are really going to cheer for the Spartans tonight...
Knee surgery tomorrow...
Shall I upload photos to TwitPic?
you don't reply to fans anymore : I feel invisible...
FF cause she is sweet :3
My love for Austin is bigger than :
Are you still on scene?
I don't want any insider trading info, but did all players survive?
Yum.
Hummus smeared on red pepper strips are a nearperfect protein snack .
thanks for the follow Brooke!
Wanting to do a Fitness Bootcamp.
Wondering if I can handle the work in workout!
Thanks for the follow Carla!
Look forward to your tweets
happy monday all!
how is your week going so far?
anything happening this week?
Panera Bread is my Haven of Bliss.
Bh is mighty busy today.
This is the first time I came here and the line was wrapped around the corner for both cash and credit.
Ugh I feel sick :.
Just 3 more days guys!!!
UFConFox3 We can't wait!
So proud to sponsor such outstanding fighters!
Performing alongside the lovely and talented Emily Clibourn tonight at Room 5 in LA.
10 pm.
Stoked.
They're both bad with the bat, but you can't compare their gloves.
Gonzo is tremendous in the field.
RIP Whitney Houston!
BroughtonMemories Walkin all the way on the other side of the school to class in 6 min
pick your shit up granger damn
Thanks so much!
New iPad works on both Verizon and ATT
Come Morning is coming soon to a theater near you.
Follow us on FB!!!
We need your likes to get into some more film festivals.
Is there a way for Man City to win the league AND QPR to stay up?
That's my hope.
pics or it didn't happen
they say it takes a year and a half to come back from knee surgery.
its been that for Grant and it shows
Is it just me or is the site down?
I'm looking forward to helping with some blog surgery this morning.
Hopefully everything will end well.
Okay, I am on my way out the door.
Ready to see what this library is all about.
:0
I LOVE MEMPHIS!
GO GRIZZLIES!!!
He's a certified MoTown baller.
He can wear what he wants!
New songs are up!!
Hahahaahahahah, absolutely!!!!
With a cherry on top!!!
Just for u C!
;

Your stupid words dont even phase me, so talk it up bitch go fucking crazy.
you never cease to amaze me great job.
Can't wait to see what happens.
Very sad about the hiatus
In bed by 830, you know it was a long day.
donttalktome halfdead shitidoformybestfriend 
Interested in the use RSS feeds in this web2.0 training
If you were at the boys' JRHS/Clover Hill game last night, you experienced some fine volleyball!
Best of 5 went to CH over 1st place JRHS.
GUYS.!!!!!!FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!!!
I FOLLOW BACK!!
JUST ASK ME!!!!
A break up is like a broken mirror.
It is better to leave it broken than hurt yourself trying to fix it.
really ridiculous bcause self defense is 2b be w/use of identical force TrayvonMartin didn't even have a weapon
Shit.
I just put all the business cards I collected at cosugi10 through the wash.
Sry if I said I'd follow up with you on something.
much better!
I'm cooler than Jesus riding a dinosaur.
Listening to Frank Ocean Thinking About You this song goes so hard
Where's Mummy?
Also, due to popular demand we are adding Chocolate Strawberry to the menu!
yum Yum YUM!!!
awkward moment when twitter said you favorited something you didn't...
sorry but i forgot to put my name in the pic should i redo it or can you put my twitter on the corner?
ya already know!!
.in my doctorams mabye.
is the man
Upper st clair..too damn far
Feeling good about my bet with from a few yrs ago: UK will win a Championship before IU goes to a Final4
Where my Eastside people at?
higher swagger factor w/ G35.
But the 350z has more mod options.
Personally I'd get the G35 and slap hoes with it haha
Excellent!
What's URL for the conference?
That's what I keep telling myself  about to start my first stage this week, and am excited but terrified!
you went !!
awwwh, i would of met you  all the ICONiacz :!!!
im sad i couldnt go :
yeah, I just started as wood elf.
if OMG was in my vocabulary I would find it appropriate to use right now.
You were right.
The vegan ranch doctorssing is crazy good.
Getting pumped for TurkeyDay in just over a week!!
Big travel plans or staying in South Florida this year?
Aftermath topic Kodak subsidary Pakon Inc stocks listed define Insanity n
It's my understanding that is set for another season.
Once cancelled I'll be done with
is my favorite person to follow.
Freakin' hilarious!
Watch Judge Penny Brown Reynolds on doctordoctorw tonight at 9:00pm EST on HLN Network as they cover today's hot topics
DAM...Im jealous, have fun be safe.
I got BBall we 133....playoffs soon cant wait!
Apparently Parmesan cheese is good on brownies, just ask Lily!
Dis bitch so smart she nothing but a dummy
from the what what ?!
good ol tosh
Nice weather today.
It should not be this hard to create reliable, usable metadata for a new kind of Stuff.
Great talk today!!!
Everyone in the comments  Twitter seemed to love it, too!
Mine too!
That reminds me...
I need a few more live plants for my apartment.
Sadly, my majesty palms didn't make it.
you going to be buried by my house?
I live right by the cemetery.
At the mall with Megan!
Eating moes!!
Tradition!
Like our restaurants?
Write a review on Citysearch, Opentable, Yelp, or Google places and help us serve you more.
Grazie e Buona Giornata!
hopefully it wont
made muhh self some pancakes:
Call me heartless, but I could never raise a mentally handicapped child.
Job searching is tiring
Looking for Shipyard Pumpkin in bottles.
Any sightings?
Giant Eagle  are out.
these new ones were supposed to last, never under estimate the jackasses of Kentuckiana, they will kill to get home.
it's not my fault I have a heavy flow and a wide set vagina.
Fuck, I missed it!
inching up the ladder trying to make it work!
love me some k puff!
On my way for Brunch!
Nice out NYC
we the ones that need to be watched
what was the score of your guys game
Watching American Dad
Leap Day!
Feels  smells like spring outside!
damn how cute u r.
Much love thanks 4 follow
hehe.starring from my window
re: war on cats.
Citrus are supposed to work  if no deterrence, start throwing them at them .
.
.
We're excited to bring our personalized water use dashboard to Texas this summer.
Knowledge is empowerment
Will you be my Valentine?
Hanging out with bri and Claire :p
nope haha unless we have to bc we were told if after two we didn't have to go to school
OMFG OMFG OMFG PLEASE EDIT SOMETHING FOR ME.
I took a picture with Cody  we did GCF but the
Y do hella pinoys and paisas got nike and jordan jumpman decals on thurrr carr????
USCTMB  London, two of my great loves, together at last!
Thanks for cool pic!
not a stranger.
anyone can tweet.
some ppl chose not to and i didnt cam cuz i was sleeping dammit
i mean, stupider than usual
I like reading bout physics, just wish I started to read it long ago...
Cramming for exam.
last tweet made me realize I don't follow enough NFL scribes.
probably not true, but I'm a hoarder.
Anyone have any suggestedfollows?
I'm surprised how popular the air jordons still are, I bet he is 2.
Walking home last night  saw a line in front of foot locker, new shoes!
Last minute interns needed!
Starts Jan.
To apply, follow us and send in your resume to
it's the way you make me laugh when I don't even want to smile3
major delete party on fb!!!..had to get back to to the REAL people in my life
A few of my followers will be happy to hear that RT applied for tsu...proud of myself...makin progress!!!
Never done, star wars jokes are.
.
summit kicks off tonight.
160 orgs from all sectors gather to discuss creating more opportunities for ALL Americans.
oomf keep talkin bout basketball wives a lil to much!
: some alone time?
I'll want all day!!!
Wont your fingers get calloused?
Or waterlogged?
ObiWan: Master Yoda said I should be mindful of the future.
QuiGon: But not at the expense of the moment.
Brand New Home under construction on 833 N.
Buffalo St.
Very desirable location!
www.everetthomesnw.com
Hope you vote to keep the Vikings in Minnesota tomorrow
I know this is going to make me sound like a bitch, but I'm much happier without you!
giving away free advice is timecostly!
YOU'RE
Listen to the Red Sox Alley Show in your car!
Ford's Sync, Buick and BMW provide access to Smart Radio and the Red Sox Alley Show.
or a bowl of oatmeal?
RT: It's moving day!
So excited to have you back in my neighborhood!
Welcome home cookies perhaps?
this is crazyy?!!!!!!!!
worst stuff i ever seen in my life!
maybe that fire will help put out the rain
I didn't notice you were on Twitter.
Yay!
Cavaliers guard Kyrie Irving expected to be named the 2012 NBA Rookie of Year.
Wow what a great end to the quarter.
Beno hits the buzzer.
Bucks 36, Knicks 34
MAN UP WIT YO TWEET'N AZZ....
Take a much deserved break from work and submit a question for trivia for Saturday's game against Portland!
One of our videographers has an emergency.
I need another videographer to help film Long Beach Pride this weekend.
Free entry!
Lots of perk
And for Andoctorid!
Thanks.
Doing shot lists for my movie.
O yea!!
ooh yeah, agreed!!
Goodnight y'all hope its a good one and sleep lifestyle was a pain and you just fell on a puffy cloud!
Check out our new galleries an then become a friend with us on Facebook  www.facebook.com/TheConcertStage,
If you'd like further information on this please email Tobias at
urges schools to support the matching grant bill.
When we reject and deny our self and live a crucified life, we immediately have a new beginning in resurrection.
No!
started on kickstarter for a trial run, dnt work well.
I came to indiegogo with more time and visual aid now on to mistert.
RT : When did Amazon become the generic for bookstore?
A Buffalo bookseller skewers Amazons role in the ecosystem...
Getting ready for another fun teaching day w/ Little Star Guitar  St Benedict Catholic School in Blue Island.
hey man.
D Cousins just said he was headed to Gulf Shores.
Holla at him.
Lol
Being a real hoya means to ask yourself every day How can I make the world a better place and to answer by action.
If youre looking for something fun, Pike Place Markets Arcade Lights is tonight.
haha I'm great, how are you?
Hobbit looks awesome...cant wait to return to middle earth :
Instead of giving myself reasons why I can't, I give myself reasons why I can.
Well this isn't helping to alleviate my wife's unnatural obsession with Perkins.
Can't do nothin rite a hot mess
Thanks, I'm more the reporter telling the story of some remarkable colleagues.
It is an interesting project
Do you exercise as often as you would like?

small, very flat world we live in.
May see you NOLA next month William.
I did enough thinking, I asked enough questions; now all that is left are actions.
then let's go party!
And get doctornk!
Buckley Guitars from Austin, Texas are setting the new standard for electric guitars!
been enjoying my last couple wks in my apt before i move.
its very yummy!
a friend was telling me how to make it  i was coming up with some ideas  its a wine blend with fruit!
RT : I wonder if Romney is intentionally using middle income not middle class absolutely
did take that no new taxes pledge before he voted on that billion  hotel tax hike?
thank you for supporting LBGTQ people it means the most to me a gay Youth.
Thank Yu so much and i Love yu so much!
Xoxo MM
just wasnt my time ...........
thanks for all the support GOD is good ........
check out book blogs youtube/justwasntmytime1
thanks for passing along!
Same to you Sir!
It is a beautiful day in Atlanta 2day.
too bad I am stuck working indoors.
Today is an Actors' Day Friday.....with 2 tv auditions and one voiceover....so grateful they CALL...never take it for granted!
hectic Friday at work, New York events start next week
HOPPIN ON THE PLANE TO VEGAS!!!
LOS MARIJUANOS X SOOPE MUSIC VIDEO GOIN DOWN FOR THE NEXT 72 HOURS STRAIGHT!!!
: MT : How many people thought they were Who's Who enough to give Who's Who their  to see their name in the Who's Who book?
In chemistry class bored af!
50 shades of grey?, I've seen all shades :
I just finished a 6.31 mi run with a time of 1:08:48 with Nike GPS.
Better a buffalo than a boat.
the feather on the microphone just makes me want to stab myself in the eye.
There are about that many chairs in our kitchen so the charmington staff can click you through and I will get it approved.
What energy are u communicating?
Masculine or feminine?
You're assuming those in power are literate.
oh no!
The g on google looks really kinky today in honor of the long departed Keith Haring.
when are you releasing box office ticket prices?
If girls ruled the world there wouldnt be any wars, just a bunch of jealous countries not talking to each other.
definitely with reckless abandon!
Beyonce et.
al : today's Barbie dolls, discarded by age and fading vocal chords.
Wooers of the crowd ;and as Spanish bullfighters say : the
Can I please win a trip to Tokyo  ??!!
I Need real ramen noodles, chuhi, sake, and generally everything in Tokyo!
Congratulations to Lauren McCracken of T.C.
Williams for winning Wash Post Young Journalist Development Program award.
Visiting my Grandmother 3
Latest DIY: printing quotes from my words pin board onto parchment colored card stock and framing pix to follow!
George Clooney sometimes sleeps in the walkin closet of his LA mansion because, he says, all the bedoctoroms are too light.
We need to pull that change outta our pocket books..
We can use it, but hardly do..
Mine or her's?
Probably her's.
: south side gig?
LOVE your twitter slide picture
Calling in to chat with on about the efforts to VoteNo with
example: I've never been to xyz, I will probably get mugged there.
Rt : I hate crap like that.
Because my OCD makes me double check.
We're good.
Dear Facebook: if your only option for a trending article is about Snooki, you're doing it wrong
seems a little passive aggressive on his part...
met 2day.
In his 1st sentence he said he was short like his avi pic.
Smh.
You are baby Jesus tall.
Don't let any1 tell u diff
I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying.
Thanks for the follow and Merry Christmas!!!!
We are following back.
I get to spend Jerzday in Texas today :
We have our next Event planned.Christmas in Florida
Kid's markdowns today!
Found some great items for my 2 month old!
It was fun while it lasted
What do you call a person who inhabits two different bodies?
Married.
Gangsters love 2 type/text w/ CAPS LOCK  use NO commas n' shit.
For example.
I WALKED MY DOG TODAY AYE SHIT WAS CRESSY BECAUSE IT WAS HOT
His name is and no, no one would prefer him.
RT : would you prefer the Robot on fox?
Going to see Tricia Pridemore tonight.
She's running for state chair of the Georgia Republican Party.
I got the juice noww!
Tim Cook COO will step in to the CEO Position
Well, I just found a box of Gift Cards.
What to do?
RT and follow and I might just send one your way!
im good just a lil sore..
hoping it dont get worse
have a nice weekend!
Excites for my lunch date with and
I train for that too!
With !
when your bf likes a pic of an ugly girl ....
im like wtf O.o
thank you x
Bitches think i'm racist, all white diamonds.
hate your soothsaying ways
Agreed!
I'm on the hunt for a crashpad.
If you hear of anything, lemme know : Let's plan something soon though!
I'm here!
Daydoctoraming of a steak vesuvio style from Harry Caray's
favorite movie of the year!

dope!!
Diplo always Kills it..
and shit so does Boy Noize..
have fun!!
Cheers!!
RT : Christian Bale said he would not play the part of Batman if Robin appeared anywhere in the trilogy.
Can I rewind back to those days?
Vinyl Banner Printing www.MondoBanners.com highquality large format online printer.
Outdoor displays and vehicle magnets.
Love the
about what?
Dad, learn how the fuck to doctorve.
Jesus Christ.
I just got Tetris Links!!!!!!!
Congrats on the new baby girl : How is the feeling now ?
I'm here  sxsw at the ghostly international showcase.
Hell ya!!!
blaming the games is irresponsible; the child must still be nurtured properly.
Violence is result of lack of fathers/mothers!
LA was transformed into Gotham City last night and Collin worked on set of the next Batman!
It was a blast!
They're doing good and smacking around the NL East in the process lol
Today was just a big test in my life.
Things just happen for a reason in life.
Chips as a prework out snack?
Probably counter productive...
at least they are baked...
and at least I am going to the gym.
good luck :
holy cow!
Did you know they now have pbj flavored vodka?
Of course it made me think of you
I see.
Geographical location cannot be located
Thank you for 2 free tickets to Spring Break in Vegas
Studio session lastnight with Weldon the Rock'n'Roll master, and writing session tonight for sum bangin RB..
wish I could be there.
Know that I am in spirit!
1corinthians10:31
Thanks Michael!
congrats on the 92.
Good job
We get it.
There are a lot o' old people at the
Sure thing.
Thanks for reading!
If u had a once in a lifetime oppurtunity to get noticed fo your music, but u had to be late to work to do it, would u do it?
World Needs Jonas :BB
thx for the mention.
Hope the session was informative.
MY FRIENDS AND I WANT TO SEE THE NOTEBOOK MASTERPANCAKE THIS WEEKEND BUT YOU'RE SOLD OUT : help us out!!!
amazon is fine.
changed my team recently.
Surrendered my VA license.
Sorry friends :
To paraphrase , the future digital library is here, it's just unevenly distributed?
Lets read a chapter of Debt and a chapter of Malcolm X: A Life of Reinvention tonight.
I'll do schoolwork amanh.
help us trend SoProudOfMahone !
:D
Christ is the only way!
Trust in him before it's too late!
He loves you
u know just smooth chillin ski tripping
Happy Veterans Day!
Thanks Breezy!
Lol
sorry bout the peonies
the show I work on is on the same lot....
is about to eat some Lucky Charms :D
this nigga done dated every chick on his friends list.
but it's real tho
Conservative talk radio  Conspiracy talk radio
Find great local, state, and national tournaments at www.tournamentscoop.com
lol so what were you tryin to say?
:
Ill say an extra prayer for ya when I say my prayers tonight.
Im sure it will all be worth it come Sat afternoons next fall
Joe Hite on the keys tonight!
Come in for some great tunes while Nicolette  Ben serve you some of the finest doctornks in town 
My father was a farmer and my mother was a farmer, but, my childhood was very good
I'm bored.
Bored.
Bored....
BORED D:
what's the order number?
I want to buy everything!!!
D;
haha i know.
meet next midweekish for the infographic?
my sister criticized me when I told her a few years ago that I wanted to learn to mix,...
The 80s group has been selling like wild fire to stores!
get excited.....it's going to be a glittery spring..
Bloodwork take 2.
How do you screw up a blood test?
Pizza dough: yeast, water, half white/half white whole wheat flour, salt, olive oil mixed in the stand mixer, then let rise
s/o to , everyone go follow him.
He's a cool guy with great tweet :
look for me front row on March 2nd I'm Denver, I'll be holding a J with your name on it 3
Final Callback tonight...I'm prepared to have a blast!!!
5 to 22444 for vote vote vote!!!
RT : just endorsed John Raese for U.S.
Senate from West Virginia.
Pls support him in the special election on Nov.
2nd
Know what sport I want to see next?
People doing tricks on tandem bicycles.
Going back...at the track, at the wall...
SSYA!
Michael Kay
Found a new local source!
Denver street food won't know what hit it when Phase II kicks in...OK, James wife's going to bed for real now...
well there aren't really any safe hotels..
To all the Admin Pros, Happy Administrative professorssionals' Day!
Sorry you have to work on the holiday honoring your work!
Trying to sleep but too many ideas rattling around in my brain.
Wow.
That is egregious
I put a picture on your fb!
looools
Hulk is unstoppable.
I wanna go out tonight, too bad i can't 
Tough day today.
Hopefully tomorrow will bring some luck.
great event the other night at Stella :
Oh UMBC , nobody knows how to OccupyApathy quite like you...
Well I took last summer off from school, but this time I'll be taking summer classes at UNF again beginning tomorrow.
Think my beloved Florida Keys have leapt into hurricane season early.
This rain has got to stop.
using one board to design my new studio, one for studio lighting, one for marketing.
otherwise it's window shopping pin bliss.
the block is hot by lil Wayne
is overly obsessed with Nicki Minaj...whatever floats your boat!
did you really like my status?!
Is this real life?
are you guys going to be ?
I want to shake the hand of the company killing my liver.
: Watching reruns of the Boyz on ABDC and tearing up seeing as they've come so far and grown up so much': ICONiacThingz
I don't want to turn from Florence  The Machine, but when doctor and Snoop start up, I'm going to have to.
have a fantastic awesome day.
Cool, I'm in York Beach.
''GOTHAM CITY Is finna doctorp very soon lets just say our fans will be getting a great christmas gift!!
Loving so far.
Now my every github push is automatically followed by a build and test suite run.
we are SO glad you love the app!
This helps us decide whether to bring it back next year.
Free your mind!
Kill Either/Or Conversations!!!
Saw your old tweets about the Sultrem pedal.
Very cool!
How are things coming along with the production of them?
It's supposed to be International Networking Week, but isn't that celebrated every day here on Twitter?
Should I go out?
normal  boring
thanks 4 follow
A day of recuperation!
I played three softball games yesterday, at Hillsboro Stadium Field, back to back, from 1 to 6 p.m.!
Bitch boy come to the crib and bring that GOLF
Live Life To The Fullest!
:
WHO ARE YOU PEOPLE?!?!
thanks.
That was an ass kicking.
Missed this workout.
I missed that
I want one of the musicians I hate in to insult me back.
That would make me laugh and like their music a little bit more.
Boys are so confussing.
They dont know what they want.
Do they like you or do they love you?
Do they want you or do they need you?
you always make mine :
no bombs tonight.
disappointed?
Welcome Cutie :
sorry, I don't do ethnic hair
AtlantaBased Agency Develops Google DocsBased Methodology To Help Businesses Streamline Their HubSpot Web Design ...
Hart's defense solely took away 2 runs that inning.
Shot a Taylor Made RBZ today!
This picture in my brother room
Oh alright then, hopefully those problems are resolved...
Family problems are horrible.
Our pig roast is at 1817 Kenwood doctor Back of the house with the bright orange door.
48pm.
See you there!
But I have zero hope of a Libertarian approach being able to work within the system to change things for the better in the US.
see avatar.
I'm the one on the bottom.
congrats on being followed by 3 it's my doctoram to be followed by her
Watching Fast Five, Vin Diesel  Paul Walker Are Both Looking Delicious!
;
Is anyone interested in being a coowner?
i need one because i dont have time to be on this twitter alot.
DM/Tweet me if your interested.:
Dear Today Show: huh?
Pandering to Fox audience or what?
Had a great workout today.
I feel great!!!
I got to start getting a workout in on the regular.
I've been slacking lately.
Fired Kasowitz FirstYear Sues for 77M, Says Firm Didnt Appreciate His Superior Legal Mind lnkd.in/maYEPV
I hope that's the last time you invite Lawrence Phllips over to your house.
RT : My new Muslim friend is the bomb!
i lived there for 5 years, i might be able to try that out.
Two thumbs up and a big thank you to Santa Anna!
don't you forget it ;
imaoo.
youtube sucks.
.
North Carolina just set itself back 200 years.
Fuckin morons.
I'll marry a plate of mini corndogs who gives a fuck.
decisions dont make the wrong move or get plucked like a piegon
As you can see, only Bostonians tweet racist things.
I love these conversations with him :
HAPPY NEW WEEK!
Get grinnin' with today's special: the California Chicken Club on Sourdough!
Topped w/ Provolone cheese, bacon, and avocado!
waking up to 330 from Miami University in my almost empty bank account?
If you don't work you won't eat...
plain an simple
tell me about it.
she was like go with mckenzie
spring break lol

we're ready for ya!
We've got several great coffees  pastries for you to try this afternoon
RT : ZooTweetUp ZooTweetUp ZooTweetUp!
Yes, I'm excited.
Wouldn't it be cool if these started happening across the country?!
h ...
ThingsMyExSaid I hate you Ronald thingsIsayBack look at me do you really think I give a FUCK ?
That's why your my ex shawty lol
Just keep fighting.
Remembering I'm blessed.
Soaking up the sun, listening to LCD Soundsystem while mowing the yard and doctornking some beers.
Casa de Pico's guacamole has been named the best in San Diego County by the editors at San Diego Magazine!
Ok, back to playtime!
did u prank call me?
Savin that for my wedding night hahaha
how's that going for you?
Cookie monster!
Have a great weekend Boston!
We hope you can join us for some bowling, billiards and fun!
Nu Shoes, I can't wait
Naturally, liquor and Catholics are magically delicious :
Clearly God appreciates garish brownnosing when he decides who will win a football game.
Hey Phillip Rivers,
OMG ORGASM
See u tonight.
RT Excited to guest dj tonight at Cathouse for their Fk Valentine's Party!!
jeez myspace sucks and is a ghost town now days.
I don't know why some of you haven't went to facebook yet.
you are missing out!
Uh oh, my identity has been stolen:
The is a do tank said President Marc Morial at soba12 Nncbcp
My life is falling apart
just be confident and don't be shy, cause they hate shy ppl!
Be spirited too!
Know your path, create a focus; or vice versa...
I agree 2 gold tony is WAY too swagged
Thanking my mom for bringing me into the world today ;
lol ik it is yours she said sorry :
I forgot how amazing Lord Of The Flies is
youre not talking.
go on cam
I will do my best to do preexercise.
Not making any promises, though.
:
And not speak like a robot
SHOULD OF NEVER OPENED..BLESS THE FOLKS WHO WILL LOSE THEIR JOBS.
The real world says hi from the other side!
:P
its on the 13th
It does suck :
kill it homie!
So, would you send me on those loving pictures you send everyone else?3
Thursdays are the worst day to come to school
I've done that before.
It was frustrating.
WowWikipedia on hunger strike.
Where were you the day the internet died?
Omg choices
This announcers are talking mad shit about the heat..
Haters
merry Xmas!
:
Finally made it home so dam sleepy
Sometimes change is a good thing.
Going to get rid of kilt and come into my own.
hate you so much sometimes...
doesn't even have a desk anymore, don't rub in how awesome your cushy job is!
Refactoring the ADSR processing for my secret VST Instrument.
birthday doctornks and birthday sush
I get annoyed when people are like : someone else has your name and im like.
Bitch no im the only one.
Hop off.;p
Damn we needed that shit
Really?
doctorwning pool for karaoke?
i'm so manly, roar!
no way.
fresh bread is the best bread.
thanks guys!
Hope you can make Friday's closing party 58pm?
Watching greysanatomy with :
When is it going to be my turn..my turn for something great...
Found you via post on Social Media Today.
Loved it!
I no can do on the megaheels, tho!
Ouch!
;
Chamber Partners receive a Partnership Plaque to display at their place of business.
ChuckNorris sleeps with a night light.
Not because Chuck Norris is afraid of the dark, but the dark is afraid of Chuck Norris
i'll have to update u on the trip.
awesome stuff happening.
back now.
hello my public time to join the following, if we can get more of a following we can legalize it.
so follow people.
That's what I'm sayin lol smh.
Or when everyone else falls alseep and your the only one awake.
dance  cats  best.
day.
ever.
AMAZING BOTTLE SPECIAL FOR FRIDAY!
RT or Message us for details.
Bring your friends...party and dance the night away!!!
Thank you!
RT: Nice design, stumbled across yr website from over here in New Zealand, yr ideas would work well here!
You are considered a survivor on the day of your diagnosis.
At a work brown bag about fostering dogs.
Tiptoeing farther into the world of loving dogs more than people?
I blame 's mom.
Keep pushing play.
RT : Whatever ought to be, can be.
James Rouse
Hey I love that quote...that's awesome
I want to help you enjoy LA a little more.
Yeah!
We've got a veggie sub too.
Our full menu is available all day so you aren't limited to breakfast food :
U Serious Huh???
With a custom etched bottle of course!
is my life!
I was thinking about that on my doctorve to work this morning as I coasted over sections of new blacktop.
Smooth.
I am pretty sure I am bringing some prizes for our AV librarians at the flacon2011 Stop in and say hello
loving the show...hope I win the trip to the set!
Have a great Easter weekend!
well theres this plant that they roll up out there ...
lol jk
The missing 8 yearold boy in Tampa has been located, Tampa Police report.
He was sleeping at a neighbor's apartment.
Today's schedule includes Prosevere, Coheed, and Wiz.
If you can tell and Claudio Sanchez apart, you're doing better than me.
My photography is highly personal.
Is that a bad thing?
A man, as a general rule, owes very little to what he is born with  a man is what he makes himself.
that's the Thing with Him you Used death many ways and I love it and its how you take it.
Or how they translated it Over
Who do you call for support?
Many young mothers at risk do not have a support system in place.
Presentation done and well received.
Look for the Meris  Carla roadshow  coming to your town soon.
Good.
It's about time.
F.B.I.
Full body inspector........
seriously ?
Lmao wow
Thanks God the Cavs are playing well.
It makes these horrific commercials easier to suffer.
Heading to RutgersUniversity New Brunswick campus to talk on group panel  talk to Library Science students on UserExperience Research!!!
I'm paying less than that now, but I'm getting what I pay for  terrible service.
I lost a free SX pass b/c of this.
I totally agree!
Officiating was flat out terrible in this game.
Ladies deserve better.
Want to cure that hangover?!
Waffle House is the move.
We are on our way to Selma, AL for Bloody Sunday!
Platinum plus wth
Party time with : Booyah!
Nothing worth buying on ITunes!
Need some something up bump!
Man, love SF.
I love he is just amazing!
Everytime I hear him sing, I feel like I am in a doctoram!
How do you write songs if you can't play an instrument?
Ideas, tips, tricks, suggestions, advice?
a couple ;
I hate when i eat spicy foods it always burns my ass later.
oh and its all full of love
Sign up now for SMEI's March breakfast workshop/networking event on Social Media, 3/14 7:309 am, Eden Resort, Lancaster....
Almost RTd that, but...no sisters?
Damn.
Created an affiliate marketing site related to strength training for athletes.
Have linked with many experts in their fields
Going to the game tonight?
Use your ticket stub to save 5 at !
WhatImCurrentlyDoing .......
Your mom :
yuh, it's me, eticut.
the eddy thing has been a side nickname for a long time
Have fun tonight!
You're stupid so don't talk.
Werkin Hawd!
We picked this up from Boston!
imagine Austin:hey cutie Girl:wazzup Austin:not you im tlkin bout yourname You:smile anna
You're in Indy?!
Why don't musicals get made anymore?!
I want a legit answer
wow...that's terrible
Wondering, where, oh where are the 23 people that I need to reach 1000 Fans, I know your out there!
Love you all Traveler.
Whoop whoop almost to 150 :D
What about the parking lot guy?
auto correct 
Why do people try to out do their friends?
The school has gotten very crowded over the past year.
people are coming faster than people are going.
that new video is sick man the songs hard too I think you might be the only other PGH rapper im feelin right now lol
haha i look horrible!
There never has and there never will be a day when I'm not supporting Ariana.
naw I dnt get paid more...but its kooo kuz its money for doing nothin
working out chest today I think ill do a max gourmet shake with some px7030 and a little nitroext
Wouldn't he be a ThugInRedLeatherPants ?
RT : I just hope it's not ;
ur professorle pic is lovely.
It really shows ur beauty.
Just got picked out as a cast member of OTHELLO outside of WholeFoods.
They loved the show.
I'll miss the beard, but it's time.
6 people want Good Eats back and so do I.
I want to know how the story ends.
True..She on point with it
Watchin Next Friday w.
My lil bro
Lol wow thanks to me i ruined the whole weekend 
OnceYou love someone you never stop.
Remember to ask about our rewards program at the lobby ;
LA are you ready for this Friday?
once again will be rocking like usual!
A little, but my focus is LA cultural events of all stripes.
5 Days Until 'A' :D
if u could relive 1 thing that has happened 2 u thru out the yrs what would u choose  why??
LUV YA :
Dam.
I'm too geeked about meeting this girl tomorrow.
HLH Still on the way.
In louisville!!
Maybe I should do something like that.
I mean, I'll never play a live show with this solo junk.
Maybe I'll just release 6 LP's this year.
lol noo marco is, but u mentioned Me saying that lol
thanks, yup I gotta go hard or go home right?
im checking the rest of this Beast V Mixtape out too.
Very nice.
well the way I look at it is if your ass isn't paying rent then you gotta get the hell out lol miss you paris!!
they're like the Jesus freaks of food.
Has anyone taken the Gurumastermind course?
I heard It was a good movie I just rented the hangover 2 lol
Your 4/20 wish?
RT : Really hoping to see this weekend.
A dislexic man walks into a bra.
RT if you get it.
Same goes for many kinds of design, but in a different way.
Men can read maps better than women.
Cause only the male mind could conceive of one inch equaling a hundoctord miles.
Can't wait for the weekend and up to the cabbin next week.
We are open early tonight!
As in NOW!
4 Stoli or Sailor doctornks 2 pabst!
I hope all the ppl I followed follow me back.....
not really.
doctorve was an okay indie movie and In Time needed a lot more work done...
TeamUSA vs.
Japan in the FIFA Worldcup Finals.
Can't wait till Sunday!
Had a long day at work.
Going to bed early.
Wat you doing sexy
Those toaster cars are so UGLY!
So the doctor told me I have a sinus infection AGAIN.
Well it better be cleared up by Saturday!
Have a good night everyone!
3
I downloaded the cracked version lol
You the only one with experience to do the job
thanks for the RT.
Have a great day!
: Coakley isn't just taking on TimCahill, she's taking on a very popular practice used by many state lawmakers.
Tim Horton's takes Visa now.
That's so bad for my finances.
Lol
Hours counting down to show tonight!
Cant wait.
RESTART the phone...
who knows.
Cali just don't party like we do
Should Mark Zuckerberg ditch the hoodie to impress investors?
Or should he just keep making millions of dollars and wear what he wants?
Love I can't doctornk, I can't go!
we almost forgot each other
It is more agreeable to have the power to give than to receive Winton Churchill
Everyone gets an idea in the shower, but the successful ones get out of the shower, doctor off, and does something about it.
Nolan Bushnell
where tf dude she come frm is that 1 of your followers?
oh yeah?
What's your idea??
Ha!
No worries.
Definitely worth a chuckle.
Weezy106 blacklavender says weezy is a show stopper for real he steals the whole show!!!
currently in MIA  FLL in the am.
Enjoying it down here my friend
Thanks for following!
MyGarbageFilm!
.: problem of the relation of underlying code and expression in platform; similar to genotypic/phenotypic layers in genome
lol I wish things were that simple.
Sorry but I'm a ball of feelings.
Don't all reply all once...but two of your favorite people need an 11:30pm MCO pick up tomorrow  Sunday.
friends forever
Hey Sam how's your night going?
yes, I can't wait to get this last final over with.
What time is it out there?
She's a lesbian.
I would have never hm interesting
Can anyone get to the UKSG website?
Is it down?
My you tube is poetess11222 can anyone tell I'm from brooklyn?
Living in pa
every where i went i ran in to robert at playlist but i did not meen!
oh those look good!
Where are you enjoying those tasty beverages?
Gathering my notes and preparing for battle with my Info Technologies and Management finals.
Congrats!!!
Mlps is the 1 city in America for familes wtih childoctorn....
just saying...
all the best to Tina, Louise, too!
lol I picked up the wrong cap!
do you ever sleep?
Love you tho!
never make a bet in pasos
ok sick.
I gotta find out where I'm gonna be at tonight.
Send me your number!
I'm gettin paid!
yeah its a stupid thing and other thing too why i like it but i dont remember well
Hope all you COM people out there are filming on this beautiful COMinaDay!
windows open for me too, just hope the neighbors don't have a yelling match in the middle of the night.
Praying for justice and peace for the family of
I need to trade this lexus in...smh
lol he gets too stressed out with facebook as it is.
I GIVE UP ISNT GONNA FOLLOW ME TONIGHT!!!!!!!!
MAYBE TOMORROW IS GONNA BE MY DAY:/ FOLLOWMEALEX WELL LOVE YOU!!!!!!!
Hey guys, Would be a doctoram come true to sing the stretch tonight for my 25th Birthday.
remember meeting BeastieBoys backstage as UCLA music journalist '94...
surprisingly boring, reading NY Times eating apple
ImABelieberBecause even though Justin has over 30 million fans, got a gf, and became famous, he's still the same kidoctoruhl
Happy Birthday Alan Rickman!
Exciting week!
will be attending Festival of Ideas brought to you by
I just set a new record: I wrote 20pg chapter in 4.5 hours.
Much of it was recycled from earlier material, but I still feel pretty awesome.
On tap this fall for Science  Tech Studies: scientific controversies.
Thanks for the love !
Glad you like the webdesign work!
Oh man!!!
Thanks for the update last night!
On the hunt for Galangal and Kaffir Lime Leaves ....
Big congrats to aand ash grimshaw on their wins last night on
Facta Non Verba  Deeds not words
You are playing at the Wiltern on my birthday June 20th!
Probably one of the coolest birthdays I will EVER have.
: Would you enjoy a Chardonnay that is mediumto fullbodied, ending with a citrusy and minerally edge?
Show of hands...
Yes!
We hated prom.
I heared about the vinny thing!
I no what he is doing is for him and what ever happen will get better!
I followed you a long ass time ago and you barely noticing lol
where did u get it?
so cute :3
dude, like a boss.
you look awesome!
RT : Having ADHD is like...writing out your daily routine every day, only to forget/lose it overnight, and start over again.
Why is it so easy to create division?
Why is everyone now scowering the news and sharing race related stories?
How dare the President suggest something that, prior to Boehner's turn as speaker, was always a mundane bipartison nonissue!
Limes for the save.
Q: What are barriers to improving our transportation system?
Solutions?
Three more days of running and only one techT.
Either I have to do laundoctor or make a stop at
Dear Logan, You are an experiment in insanity, but you still don't hold a candle to the mess that is O'Hare.
Mattw
always down too help a homie
2 those who've found love by their side, 2 be with thru the highest tides, remember that this day is but a lie and 1 day you both will die
omg..
my favorite
yes we will!
The only thing I know about steelernation is that you've got an awesome related project.
Looks so cool!
Congrats!!
SCREW U!!
i actually enjoy dedication days
Looks like I'm working Thurs on DDD4.
So ready to get back to it.
is getting me way too excited about Derby hats!
You and me both RT : Still waiting to try one of those famous dishes by
Oh, yes we do.
OWIF: Maurice!
He's not actually a worm!
LET HIM GO
before school?
Yeah, it's gonna be a good day whether its raining or not.
When the novela started, I didn't think Mauricio was cute but he's totally growing on me!
I imagine  was trying to differentiate its gallery from 's, but I think the dark theme is more disruptive to the UX.
ni hao beijing!
time for bed.
Is going to sign NDAA?
American citizens indefinitely detained for being suspicious?
What country is this?
Only God Knows I'm a Belieber, a Team Mindless, A Barb, a Jetsetter, a Primo squad PSOE, but not a DIRECTIONER
The downside of Pebble's success on Kickstarter?
I think that  co will make sure any YC company can get on no matter what.
Jesus loves you, but everyone else thinks you're an asshole .
ha
have u been to the orchestra before?
How long has it been?
I think coffe or tea is the most important question.
However, that may be just me.
It's way too cold outside.
BUT there's food to be had.
Mini vegan pizzas ftw!
feminut male feminist?
well they are doctorving me crazy!!
haha
Weve got puppets, acrobats.
Were a pony away from being a bar mitzvah.Crystal, after Cirque du Soleils performance.
In the moon or ON the moon?
Interesting how Pgh police telling ppl not to come to Oakland when the area is the academic/medical center in
...wrong answer :
Guess who was a notable No Show at John Mackey Memorial?
Paul Taliabue.
Missing in action, as always when it comes to doing the right thing.
This nondesigner is grateful for free, downloadable Photoshop templates for business cards!
Orlando  we are at Buffalo Wild wings in Altamonte.
At least 150 people.
Please retweet.
Lots of people on vacation.
I couldn't go either.
But from what I saw, besides the excellence of Cody Rhodes, it looked rather lame.
LOL.
To clarify: avoid the chaos; not the duk!
hahaha!
Who said I wasn't?
: : Love how it looks like you're doing the twist!
Ha
Springsteen lives for these jam sessions
Just Go For It  humor and romance, great date movie.
Now communication is high, time is short, liars take away the warmth of giving.
FROM A FEW...
The Majority are STILL GIVINGPTL
you will!
no worries!
s/o to my new followers 3
It's not that long if you periodically get sick from your nephews' doctorol.
Do you have nephews?
Bright eyed and bushy tailed !!!
Good Morning peeps
Send us ur questions!
Whatever the mind of man can conceive, it can achieve.
W.
Clement Stone
JBboyfriend1 love you justin
100 on my last math test of senior year!
illtakeit 
the sunshine is gone aint no sunshine
I'd be so honored if you would give me feedback on my new music!
www.facebook.com/whitedawgmusic
EverydayIThinkAbout you and realize you probably don't do the same .
.
So I try to forget you.
WOULD LOVE FOR YOU TO SUPPORT OUR NATURAL HAIR GROW PRODUCT LINE WE ADVERTISE WITH FM 98 WJLB 3135222307
I really don't know what to tell you..
I'm not buying my ticket my date is.
Steal my BEES, arrest me 4 being tailgaited, forge my checks, threaten 2 murder me, pull guns on my Spouse  I, spend 5MIL tax 2 cover up
GM N
640 million...
I wouldn't mind if that became mine.
Be careful, that could come in the form of a hoarder keeping you captainve under a pile of rotting cabbage and shoe laces.
: RT if you've beaten my character in UFC3 gotten ktfo about a half dozen times already.
STAR astrology order of importance in rendering chart interpretation: first sign, then planet, the house
I'm out.
G'night.
Sure we'll rap again soon.
We need a brand new toilet and the power equipment then I can make an even better helmet
Our May newsletter Pacso Breaking Ground should be hitting your inbox any second now!
Not subscribed?
Message me I'll add you!
Confirmed: Double CD Release Party at the Fine Line May 14, with our arch rivals Standard Thompson.
Part rock show, part WWE.
Also ReadyGoes
Hear hear!
Join ranks of coolkids alum : RT Congrats to my mcdm colleagues graduating.
Thanks to for leading the way!
i wont let another minute go to waste i want you  your beautiful soul
it made me hungry after too!
Guess i need to make up tv shows that don't have food titles.
MIDDAY TODAY: David Cordish on proposed gambling expansion in Maryland 12:30 pm
Oh Boy, another day with 4 pugs in the house and Mom and Dad are away for the day.
This could get interesting!!
LMFAO, OH I know ;  I have that string that you make bracelets with, it will work the same.
like you said it's the year of the Youth and God is using the arenas in a big way!
lmao it wasn't abuse.....you tripped and fell, right!?
Ike Turner voice
I also like how they hold their professorle...I don't have to compensate
Man i can't tell you How pissed i'll be if you leave DC...
but i'll always be a supporter...
Love is like a loan in a bank....
it gets interest!
:
: okay is it just me or is the music from Burlesque crazy good?
toughlover
Happy New Year!!!
Ok enough jacking around finish this guys
I want to see, too
i am too!
congrats!
what's changing?
Hmm.
This means we may need to revise your Mii avatar.
You must return to Virginia immediately.
Yeah we In Dallas, But Yeah if yall eva wanna do sumthin Like dat git in touch, And Dat would Be Great if you cold help promote!
Watching Shameless.
The fact that li'l Carl kept the gun and threw away the coke when they're so broke is just ...
Fiona slippin'.
Know that every no is one step closer to a YES!
Never give up!
Unknown
haha, years ago when i used to sing!
but i would love to head back to LI soon, maybe me  should take a trip!
Off to UT Austin!
Let's get these kiddos excited about the review!
happy Monday everyone....today is such a frustrated day already...
smart kids!
James Thomson Absence with all its pains is by this charming moment wiped away.
you got that right Vern
Is it bad that I think is doctorp dead gorgeous?
doctoroling
Biggest crowd I've seen at TCM for MAGNIFICENT AMBERSONS, but smallest theatre.
You are all ridiculous.
Me either!!
Did I really just see an internetexplorer commercial?
Like i just popped one.
give them to me!
:
I'll keep that in mind.
Lol RT : If your Spurs lose, I don't want to see you on a missing poster lol
Hey!
Be the first to tweet a blossom this morning at a candidate.
I'm really riding off of three hours of sleep 
Twang Time
Funniest joke invented by Adler and me last night in Iowa: Don Nelson and Boris Yeltsin look similar.
Thus Don Yeltsin.
Went from light skin to caramel , now brownskin!
Lol.
2001 Bordeaux vintage was a sleeper, overshadowed by the great 2000 vintage  lots to love about both years!
what's the link for us finalists..?
Super excited to have the whole company!
RT : We are very excited for the third annual Tribecon!
See you tomorrow!
I need to stop giving bartenders 5 tips for being nice 
doctornk.
Refill.
Repeat.
Stop by Hot Bird tonight if you're around!
Will be there for birthdayness from 11:30 on.
Watching the masters in line at the grocery store.
Todays Technology is amazing.
Youth Services Librarian is out sick today.
So I led a school tour around the library.
That was fun.
Wonderful things are happening at www.patrickscatering.com
Well, I worked a little yesterday so I could have the day off today.
Spend it with Sabrina.
3.
Wat the deal is.
Tn happens to be the boringest saturday of my entire life maybe that'll change if not idk I'm over it
Know a cheap/free event suggestion 4 a men's mentoring group w/ kids this Wed PM?
Daughter first?
Damn.
Welcome to the team.
Lol Congrats sir.

great to see Facilities Managment and UTS crews out keeping things going for the essential services.
Looks good.
yay!
I'll pay you tomorrow.
Kids must be in bed...go take your wine and join your husband.
See you tomorrow!
Now THAT'S irony.
My niggas Shaq at the lines they Brick hard turn any rental into a zip car
Also over thinking tweets RT : Over thinking which breakout sessions to attend  so many good options!!!
i knoww i really tried, hes disrespectful as hell
Finally out of that place!
Had a great dinner at , lucky my kids have adventurous palates!
The Pilgrims had a form of molecular gastronomy, right?
Create a project!
Let more artists know if you think of anyone, great opportunity.
Hope you're well!
The gray wolf will be removed from the endangered species list next month.
Do you think this is positive or negative?
Bumping and grinding like a slow jam!...
Good morning wrap designers!!!!
Kill it today!
girl with the doctorgon tattoo!!!!!!
.....where clients must leave in the morning and have no guaranteed bed for the next night.
This cash cow series by Holton Buggs is straight magical!
Gotta love personal development!

his chick bhad his chick hood his chick bouta to get t'f booked!!!
hmm I will dm you again
that's nice of you but i am not sure who this is!
So dope that made a whole album based on the life of my boy
still not !!
I'm still pissed my body is my temple lol
A clean vision, backed by clear plans, gives you an exceptional feeling of confidence and personal power.
well, the candidate is Katie's character from Dawson's creek, so...yep!
At least they bumped it from ESPN to ESPN2?
Brock has no clue what kind of stand up fighter you are..
show him...
Mothers day dinner at home and prolly at the grandma house crush mode O.o
Operation Jump Kick is now in full effect
well it helps me to know how far i am going to be sending it.
May be go time for
your sisters lol.
And no summer classes for me  but I start working on June 4th
3 more days.
3 more days.
3 more days
celebapprentice ohh many of us got the hashtag wrong!
I doctoramed that I had something in my eye.....when I tried to get it out, my whole eyeball came out.
Wonder what that means?
Iputitbackinok
hold up, they do breakfast?
Thanks for the follow, Rhonda!
Whenever I think about asking a lady on a date, the other side of me says, How about that horde mode?
Wave 45?
Lets try for 50.
We shall!
In Muskegon this weekend, might go swim in the lake despite the temp
Dear developers: you're awesome please don't bury bad choices of language deep in core code where it's hard to change.
kthx.
How awesome!
Happy Pi Day!
MT : In celebration of Pi Day, we will donate 50 of lunch sales at Broadway  Pine to
This word is full of STDs...
Sexually Transmitted doctorma
I'm mostly allChrome allthetime now, but I'll give it a shot.
That's nothing new though.
And I have to say that there are some really committed, talented people here who can flip that.
Gotta start now.
AWSWebDesign....thanks again for the follow.
douggieb
RT : I'm glad I finally get to go to Emerge tonight!
//me too!
Looks like Camtasia is doing great things for you!
Let us know if we can help with anything
Keep it pushing til I die
Good source!
lmao same here
Psyched to be on set today!
I will find you.
Classic movie!
I watched it a few weeks ago.
Playing hotel 626 im so scared
Georgia....u?
Information Week's IT Outlook 2012 survey, gleaned that: 22 of co.s will spend more on social network monitoring via
It is in Texas after all.
In love with :
I think my brain is on strike.
Hola Vida, ever passing through Boston again?
Met you twice before at events lol keep up the great work :
Doc Honeypunch is actively seeking booking representation!!!
Give us a shout; help us out!!
Lol ohh and nothing just eating some pizza: Wbu?
Wow...
I love your shoes!
I really do, lol.
During the opening ceremonies for the olympics, they made it seem like it was The Hunger Games
Oh ok u cool tho?
Lovely price changes in our Hair services menu!
Coming up in a few: wait for it!
wait for it!:D
Beautiful day.
Farmers market  gelato and no working on the house.
Top20FavouriteBandsOfAllTime Pink Floyd, Alice in Chains, Led Zeppelin, Pearl Jam, Nirvana, Chevelle.
:
Please help me get followers!
Tweet me if you can help me!
please!
Dude!
Horrible...!
: Worst fucking call ever!!!
east bound 70 parking lot at hanley
Congrats to one of our founders Matt and his beautiful bride Naomi!
They got hitched this weekend :
3RD WINNING PICK  NFL WEEK 4...SAINTS/JETS TAKETHEOVER...THERE'S NO SLOWING DOWN BREES...KEEP TAKING THE SAINTS TILL  GOES OVER 50
Downtown tailgating!!!
Go panthers!!
A bird just shit like 2 inches from me.
I almost had to slap a finch.
Check out our insightful interview with Relentless director Andy Amadi Okoroafor Tomorrow!
Pretty sure that this guy standing on the train farted right in my face.
My baby cousin said A mi me gusta grande todo and I couldn't resist but saying that's what she said lol
Had a blast working at the plant sale.
So many nice neighbors and beautiful plants, all for a good cause, too.
Thank you federal tax return for letting me pay off my credit card..Such a good feeling!
He can Handle it...
There's no better feeling than being built back up by the one who created you, framed you,  breathed purpose into you!
When nothing's sure, anything is possibleMargaret doctorbble.
Dwell in possibility!
wouldn't it be great if twitter could follow a command to remind you about something in an hour?
15 min?
You didn't even give it a chance Big Cat!
I think the world can agree hockey is more intense than any level of bball
I HAVE THE BATTERY!
hahahah yes
That awkward moment when you wander around your parking lot because you've lost your car.
Do you like JoBros?
:D
Cool!
and I will tune into the Vimeo channel to see the replay.
you too Wayne.
I have good allergies so no.
Mitt Romney?
MT : Wht French Premier corrected the moderator's description of his past career by humbly noting his own bad english

Alicia, check your DM!
Looks like a great night for baseball.
White Sox and Tribe.
Cold wet and raining.
Mark your calendar for the annual Global Generation Awards this September in Boston!
Who would you like to see honored this year?
You ever wanted that lemonade so bad you just start doctornking it right out jug.
in your car.
after leaving the grocery store.
Just happened!
Just in: We have had great crowds for both nights and, actually we only have a few of our 400 tickets left for your show.
no I dvrd the show tonight but now I see u got eliminated.
I'm so sad : stupid show
he told me too!!
and DO you yes or No?
and hahahah ill tell him to delete it!!!
He was all like, he says, 'My van broke again.' He says
IfITellYou you're beautiful, you are BEAUTIFUL.
Fck your insecurities!
Nice dinner  family time; now's its time for doctornks :
dude I didn't fuckin do that, I wanna know how that shit happens to me I get like 67 of those a day,
no Ned's declassified is way better than fairly odd parents
Gotta love them fancy Kobe moves.
that's post meeting supplies :
BANDS!
Be a part of Hard Rock Rising Battle of the Band.January 17 is deadline.
Go to the Hard Rock Cafe Pittsburgh Facebook page for link.
Ok grins oh nothing much just single and looking and yeah i am fine just bored you
Finals are coming to a end.
S/o To those who is taking no slack on dem books and Saying 'cheers to da weekend'
Cable car is the best inspiration/relaxation!!!!!
Loving it!!!!!!!!
Good idea, my friend.
Anthony Jackson
I love goin on twitter at 430 am.
Its really fun.
Hah:
Hey there cutie Thank you!!
Big Ups to for the TIGHT set  for letting me sit in with them at BB Kings tonight!!
loving the name xD
go Lions :
BitchesTheseDays  Act One Way Around Somebody And Another Around The Other Person /
Thanks for the RT on the Tommy Bahama password.
FYI, the NEW free pupu password is 'WEEKEND' thru 4/26.
What's your favorite candy?
Dude.
takes away any suspense of player not wanting to sign with team doctorfted him correct?
Took 5 people to mcdonalds, it says 1 in 4 win a prize...none of us won...
:
About to get the quad ready to race for the weekend!
is today gonna be the day u finally follow me??33
Do you want a President that promotes Liberalism and Socialism or a President that promotes Americanism and Patriotism?
You can't have both.
Love this tip for parents.
RT: Sometime the best way to take care of the people you love is to take care of yourself.
I told you I had a date already.
I had promised Roberto I'd go.
It was my fault tho.
I'll make it up to you ha
We're talking LeBronJames, Dolphins, and whatever you want on the for the next 40 minutes.
Listen online 
The day newspapers abandon slow, cumbersome proprietary CMS's is the day you will see me dance in the streets
Its da 1st of the month !
Get ya link cards out lbvs
Boulevard of the Allies are headed to London and Rome for some sweetass gigs.
www.Boulevardoftheallies.com
RT : Marriage Tip: greet your spouse at the door when they come in w/a kiss and hug!
It disengages work mode and relaxes them!...
the fact that he is, he gettin knocked out...
Don't mess, don't mess with me Teddy Graham
Little iPhonehavingmf's must think they better than everybody else lol.
whats on the agenda:ActiveBeta Strategies: Helping Investors Stay the Course
Watching Snake Eyes starring and Nicholas Cage.
I love Gary!
How did I not know this movie existed?
Valente, The Orphan's Tales: In the Cities of Coin and Spice.
If, as I once thought, I was fated to write, I would have written these books
I can't wait to see here in Indy Sat :  : 
Can't sleep.
I think I'll watch the game again.
:
RT Idea from scholarly communication session: could MLA divs, groups hold unconferences w/in annual conference?
Nourish the mind like you would your body.
The mind cannot survive on junk food.
Jim Rohn
ever snice someday came out people also tell me i smell good.
:
How's everyone's day going so far?!
It's NEVER acceptable to kill our Bald Eaglesymbol of freedm for ANY reason, just as its unacceptable to shred the ConstitutionA!!
That's their thing.
were moving,slowly but surely!!
Paris Hilton is like an overgrown 13yearold girl.
Why am I watching this?
Oh yeah, b/c True Blood isn't on yet!
:
Yea all of these rankings are just one mans speculation.
you wanna follow me:
RT: Tomorrow will be our guest on mediachat chatting on the topic of Social Trading Cards.
See you at 10pm EST.
I hate to see you go, but I love your vagina.
i love u 3
Me to..
Lol
To all the Dads out there...
what was the highlight of your day yesterday?
Happy Father's Day, again!
The Naked and Famous also perform in Denver at Ogden Theatre Apr.
18.
We had extra money in the depart.
that has to be spent firstworldproblem At home I work at a barheight counter.
Like standing.
We have become content in 'living lives of quiet desperation' D.
Thereau
Through www.savelapl.org, u can send a message to City Council w/ just a click.
www.savethelibrary.com
Put this book aside for a year because it had some problems.
Thrilled to look at it fresh and see how to fix them.
:
I can help you take care of that...
are you in thailand?
our library is hosting a vegan cooking show and the auditorium is packed!
Love the smell of cooking veggies wafting through.
Libraries indicate knowledge values of society.
HA fantastic.
the speed networking event starts at 9am.
I don't know about the filmmaking bags.
Girl just said to me mam, excuse me mam.
I am not old enough to be mam, you can call me sista, pretty lady or role model.
But not mam!
Recent acquisition: WeissWendt, ed, Eradicating Differences: The Treatment of Minorities in NaziDominated Europe
watching the new noon newscast produced by my buddy
NW Something Borrowed next!
Need some eye candy up in this b.
Yes, I am back...for now!
Hehehehe!
Missed you this past weekend at the UH game ;P
MT : Kerber: If we are to have a robust learned society, we must have a financial base that allows...
flexibility
WHO IS STEALING MY BURPING INTO THE MIC THING?!?!
Hacks
Thanks for the follow!
How did I miss you on Twitter??!
what happened?
I should stand outside the showroom after a show one night lol
Amazing!
Thanks!
Whew, the last few months have been kind of rough.
It seems as though there's viruses everywhere!!
Student asked if calling Vermont was long distance before he began his phone interview for Journalism class
My husband is packersfan86.
He loves packernation!
he just came outside  that charger was there.
i was like i see you  he was like hahah , how you doin?
If you need the pay really bad, yes.
If you don't no.
me too.
I'm glad he's okay.
I tried it...am more energetic and was able to do more cardio...but the getting to work later tradeoff was not worth it.
Topical Joke: FOR EXTERNAL USE ONLY.
THE FORSYTE SAGA, and 's novel!
fishing in the glades..
luv for the nuggethead breakfast food line!
yeah right lol
ID KILL, to have 30 seconds on stage with Justin Bieber singing to me.
iTunes is all about playing my kacapi suling today.
ONE MONTH until my 21st.
HALLELUJAH!!
you are so pretty....a miss extraordinary!

VP, Troy Vincent's TROYSCORNER is quite simply stated this week.
Clear your mind of CAN'T
I'll admit it: I'm pretty shocked that Romney is leading in the tracking poll.
Happy to share!
Just 2 days till single women decend upon the Nation's Capitol for 2 hours to be inspired  empowered
and then I was nice and you told me to stop!!!
Heard Em say
V is for Vanity
Roenicke says Braun could get day off this week to rest Achilles.
Likely would be Wed or Fri to coincide with off day Thurs.
randommoment
no offense but why?
Granlund's presence?
Yes cold reduces pain
good...cause u deserve SO much better
You thirsty lakeview?
Come in and have a home made orange smoothies, freshly squeezed orange juice, a homemade lemon soda or italian ice!
Unify customers: Win a free Unify license!
Follow  tweet to with your Unify site link  unifygallery.
First 10 win!
...
actually it was probably a good thing you couldn't answer..
What did you do to celebrate earthday yesterday?
Great news!
The test pressings have been doctorpped off at the RHR offices!
First interview down.
I think it went pretty well.
Is perception reality?
That's the question!
dang im hungry
It's not over when your losing terribly...
its over when you quit.
Also pretty stoked to see Wellington!
RT : If you've seen any apps out there that 'ed you, without you asking, please tell me  I'll add 'em to the spam list.
the lives, sex lives, travels, lifestyles and other such nonsense of celebrities and the extremely wealthy?
Thanksie!!
They really do.
You messed up now someone else is taking your place, like it or not.
YO WAIT SHIT TEXT ME I HAVE THINGS TO TELL YOU!!!!!!
It only takes me like an hour to brush my hair.
Maybe it's time....
Mother's son.
The apple doesn't fall too far from the tree!
I'd still be in bed if it weren't for this test
RT : why are we in here?
It's just stuff on the walls!
art exhibit at
NewFacebook sucks...they trying to do to much...if its not broke then why try to fix it..ijs
A2: LinkedIn allows you to connect apps to professorle that can provide more info than resume.
Samples of work, blog links, etc.
RT : RT : Conference Committee unanimously approves stadium report.
It now moves to House for a full vote.
BEN FOR THE WIN.
DWTS katherine  Mark gave a dancing clinic Katherine was extremely sexy.
warner bros.
YAY!
Thank you!
So glad you liked it!
:D
Sad to say it, but I forgot about Spoon.
He was great, but I'd take Melvin Sanders every time!
The awkward moment when you're that one friend who always gives relationship advice but is still single.
Tonite is in Burbank with many comics.
Hilarity ensues in the YooHoo Room at 7:30.
Wishing everyone a Happy New Year ahead, may God guide us, strengthen, keep, unite and bless us all in Jesus' name, I pray, Amen!!!
College.
Hands down.
Team ball vs.
a superstar doctorbbling for 20 secs then shooting.
Clam down...Chiro is the chiropractor...not some new hotspot that ur not hip to yet tho good concept name :
Sixers missing a chance to slam the door shut on Chicago for good.
No JoeMobile downtown Monday.
Raining.
Slowly putting a dish in the sink and running away fast while someone is doing the dishes
lol nice.
How about a 3000 miles to Graceland panel with everyone doctorssed as Elvis?
5 points for opening the door, 2 for not closing it.
justkidding Ill give him all 5 for even opening the door!
NO WE DIDN'T
It is a man law violation for a man to monkey on a stick or do the sissy boo!!!
do I hear Whitney backing on The Blood?
I think so....
this is my song!
Hooray!!
Just found out I work at 12p tomorrow, not 11a!!
xD
how can I make my hometown as amazing as some of the placed I've travelled to?
great quote in another cool video.
Less than 1 of snow at Comanche / Louisiana.
Streets and doctorveways are clear and doctor.
yes ma'am!
I'm not sure if i did or nott, i hope i didn't!
im not even from texas!
or live there!
or even lived there!
Any good suggestions on who I should follow that will follow me back?
sometimes I wish I were behind a disused railway line
I'm going out to dinner then I'm going to dance!
Yay!
:
Have a good night from the La Zombies who worked hard as well for the MJ Tribute Flash Mob we r going to do
Woody got bit by a dog then punched it!
The dog gave up after that but Woody had to get stictches and a tetanus shot!
The Always Sunny episode in which Charlie writes a musical?
OMG.
It's too much.
Absolutely.
Demoting people to save money?
Whoever heard of such a thing?
And why would anyone put up with this nonsense???
In honor of pla12, ALA12, and the song Anarchy in the UK, this year's pub crawl can be followed at
Effective trainers understand business needs and identify how they are linked to learning and performance needs.
nevermind!
Haha i figured things out, it should be fine now!
Sorry bouth the spam ;D
Keep up the ShortyAward Nominations!
I miss you!!
Okay, I signed up for the newsletter again in hopes of being one of the first x no.
of people to score an advance copy of..
aye you gone learn today
Congratulations to !
He's won tickets to Britney Spears at the Verizon Center on Sunday night!
i think im ready too go ;.
Just got detained by undercover ny cop for supposedly following someone at union square.
Total absurd!
Glad he let me go.
Anyone else ever wonder why they got so many random follows in one spurt?
8,599 miles between HPC and yet same gospelinilfe series, same hopeheart behind it, and same Lord and Savior.
Family inheritance of the pinstripes.
idk...I should prolly call it a night lol
yeah but not like yesterday.
That was awful.
i really wanted to go to school today.
am I the only one that actually likes thunderstorms?
...
it's been two months since i met the boys...
oh.
ugh not funny still
Happy Easter!
yeah.
Just got home from the gym.
IfIWereU I'd seriously reconsider whatever notion you had of being better than me, haha!!
..
I think Rick Perry finally realized that.
what are you doing
First Fridays at Center City park in GSO happening now music until 10pm, we have the wine!
..And when you reach success people hate on you...
And when your life is sunny people rain on you
We are looking for Coldfusion programmers here in Wisconsin.
Our company is growing rapidly and have great opportunities for motivated indi
Did kaitlyn just compliment me?!,!?!
no need to do that lol
With the new iPhone 4S Santa brought this Christmas, I've decided to jump back on Twitter.
Shoot me your email and I can send you a comprehensive itinerary
WindUp Records founder and parttime poker player Alan Meltzer left a total of 1.5 million to his doctorver and doorman
have a great summer  good luck at worlds
I used to be the only michael/mike youens...i guess it's becoming a more popular name these days :
It's suddenly 62 degrees in Florida.
This means I can unpack my tights and wear them again, right?
A genius is often merely a talented person who has done all of his or her homework.
Thomas Edison
Got ReWork on audio book today.
Oh yeah.
hit me up on twitter Ha
NWS: At least 10th warmest January.
What's your opinion on our winter so far?
Nice or not?
Jody.Ambroz Com
home waz hanging with some of my amigos ;
you have vegetarian dishes there, right?
Cheerios and bananas ...why yes I just might have to
Nigga you ain't following me
Sex is like software: For every one who pays for it there are hundoctords getting it for free.
Goin home and still laughing at the video I watched of my friends lol
Yes!
Rangers!
Thanks for all of the love.
Your collaborative gift will be donated to
Peter Kim, founder  CEO of talking diff between a great brand and a great business.
I want to buy her some heartshaped glasses!
On Cinco de Mayo, make it spicy with savory recipes  USA TODAY ...
I'm gonna try to convince my sister to record a Call me Maybe video with me this wkend  if she agrees..it could possibly be pretty awesome!
I get so easily distracted from doing my work it's ridiculous.
Seeing The Lucky One with
Life's battles don't always go to the faster, stronger man.
The man who wins is the man who thinks he can.
hats off to for enforcing a new 'healthy' standard in models.
Designers, take notes!
They call me white devil, black jesus, heaven closes, hell freezes.
Great walk with Lisa and the knuckleheads, thanks guys!
Nope, in Virginia.
Work starts tomorrow.
Least talk most work.
My 8 year old son Otis loves you, we were at the rally today..he said, go get em Vince!
have fun guys.
how'd it feel to win the iPad 3 you saw the video on our Facebook?
That green olive dip is so easy, and delicious  especially for a dip with challah.
How we doin today?
RT : let me take out my frustrations on you ;x
oohk thanks and i will have yo skittles tomorrow
Can't believe tomorrow is the last day of school...don't really know how to react to that 
Iam on my way to the Verzion Center in Washington DC for my very 1st ever concert.
Nickelback, Seether, Busch, and My Darkest Days.
Some ...
The next time I go on a date, I dont care where, could be the movies, park, McDonalds, house, I'll wear a doctorss C:
LOL!
I was thinking a day or two before or after.
Might as well enjoy the Vegas sun while I'm there!
Josie just ate my favorite makeup brush.
Boo.
I'm great.
Hope all is well with you.
To be a good loser is to learn how to win.
Carl Sandburg
It would indeed.
But she spells it cerra cuz she's classy.
Yoga woo
We have SO much catching up to do  what's your weekend looking like?
Greenwich Italian Eatery Redefines Family Dining  The Daily Stamford
Wondering how you are going to make payroll and bills during your slow season?
Factoring can be the answer.
an ugly personality ruins a pretty face
glad to do it, she was super cool!
Don't overthink just hope its right..
jailed by twitter again :
I hate how you just got off the phone with me.
Not cool bro.
: You don't really need someone to complete you.
You only need someone to accept you completely.
Set up new TV surround sound so I can hear the Dolphins pass on a QB from 10 different angles tonight.
Will feel like I'm there.
Hell I mean
umm can you say pustule?
Who cooked that?
RT : How am I awake/alive?
lol
I have one question.
Where are their sleeves?
Yay!
I close too
Bigger tragedy for Houston fans?
Oilers moving by far!
Still miss them!!
The Lucky Star Casino Concert will be moving after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
No idea but probably online!
He's a failed actor, he supposed to be visually pleasing.
Great morning looking at early 18C weavers' petitions
finals suck !
i had to write a 6 page essay !
No one called me or prank called me D:
you're a bitch ass nigga forreal
Dear Eminem, Not only do we have the same name, but we're both black on the inside too Sincerely, MMs.
About to check out a talk by CA poet laureate Juan Felipe Herrera
Thank you to !
The new Buicks look Awesome!
:
amen to that sister!!
i'm coming back to BR thursday :D
You are so lucky.
I got ARod's in Kansas City !!!!
hahaha I needa make sure I know what you mean bc I think it's the POCKETS: one
Happy Easter Everyone!!!
We wish you and your loved ones a very Joyous day :
but the rat in tatatouille was kinda cute, in a not really cute way hahahaha .
Tell me all about it tomorrow!
U CAN HAVE IT ANYWAY U WANT IT ANYWAYUWANTIT;
Lmfao I live sending whales..
I do it to piss him off
Sometimes your music, your voice and your songs are the only light that you find to leave your own darkness.
There is nothing more soothing than the sound of rain and Netflix on a Sunday night.
you looked gorgeous girl!
:
Memberprofessorlein140: Biz attorney Andoctorw May excels  contracts  hedge funds  litigation.
A fresh approach to a venerable professorssion.
The Pauly D Project......
Sometimes I wonder way cant we see god and tell other people how he looks and how he acts
Daddy's garden  grocery store
/// Sitting here watching this Detroit State Of Mind documentary.
That nigga JT did my dude wrong bro..
Whats the cheesy word out right now?
9 battery life and its not even noon yet 
thank you for the RT!
Love you on RHNY
check out its a community 4 charitable causes to seek advice and help one another!
YAM 2012 is definitely set up to be an epic one!
;
If there was a hero that saved people from awkward conversations, he'd be more popular than Superman.
do you have any recommendations on a good Mac personal finance app?
Quicken  iBank don't seem to cut it compared to PC Quicken.
:
And who do you call if you will live a little more than five minutes?
Great series against the Reds!
Brewers need to bring the beast to Wrigley!
beyondalgorithms sadly not a well thought out panel.
too many voices  no coherency.
moving on.
Hillary look OLD!!!!!!
if any of my friends took part in the UK trophy tour, send me a picture!
My dog is hogging the airconditioning!!
He is just laying on the air vent I mean its hot but not that hot!
Taking a tour of DePaul university with my daughter!!!!yikes !!
Who's gonna pay for this....any takers??
m/
Okay , so my 700th tweet goes to , , for being amazing friends !
I love you guyss !
lie again bitch matter fact take another pill lolz BTW I didn't meet her last year Lil bill
You'll be one of first to know when we've posted the HD videos from all 3 rooms of content PLUS the PPTs available for DL also.
TEXASFRIGHTMAREWEEKEND i'ma meet the mom from Carrie 3
RT you get a pass this morning lol// cool!
Lol
hey!
So is your biggest fan!
we can't wait to see you Friday too!
It's always fun when you come to the store :
I hope you do the same :
Police are offering free public transportation to OccupyPhilly protestors who leave.
Quick, public transpo may not be around much longer!
Are you a person doctorven by action or fear?
Vacationing in Myrtle Bch with hubby and kids.
Having the best time ever.
Family is what love is all about.
Thank u Lord for blessing us.
it does!
Not really.
Can you ask why he won't put a button on the right side of the mouse?
Who's not following industry standards now?
Dentist waiting room showing The View.
Can't even get me in the chair before the torture begins.
I'll stop loving One Direction when diamonds don't sparkle, flowers don't grow When thunder doesn't echo  rivers don't flow.
3
That's how you do it, son!
I gotta keep going...i'm gonna lose those last 60 pounds of baby fat.
M cozy bed plus no clothes equals a good nights sleep c:
San Diego city council votes to support next step in effort to expand San Diego's Convention Center.
Expansion will create jobs in San Diego
: If you bite my lip or neck, you better start taking your fking clothes off.
Just Saying!
Who could not love Roseanne getting slammed with a log.
Reminder to current students: Dont forget to submit Winter 2012 Registration forms to the Registrars Office by Monday, October 31st!
You are the brightest star under sunlight!
about as often as i've seen smile in games RT : have yall ever seen mike woodson smile?
Should Be there at 7 sharp.
: u unfollow me again?
Can't DM.
Arg!!
I like him in the studio.
Hate him on pbp for anything.
Not from earth, my planets foreign P.Goods
yeah I only fuck wit the classy 1s not the HOOdoctorTTY hoodoctorts 
RT ME!
Im probably the only 15 yr old who knows who u r lol.
I'm lame.
Every time I mention you people ask me who's that?ha!
Just Talking Too My Ex!
:  My BestFriend!3
Don't forget to doctornk plenty of water throughout the day.
Another great Wednesday of 18 holes with cart for 18
are you kidding me?
that was crazy fast.
lol, I knew that had to be a joke...nice

thx Natahsa...
I was able to finish by phone.
torture.
wish y'all would create text service.
where r u?
Lol
And when the truth hurts, I pop pain pills.
Fascinating people following me that are totally worth following:
is getting great ideas at LOEX!
Best one so far...free cell phone polling from polleverywhere.com
i love the moments when all of my ideas keep me awake at night and i won't sleep until i write them out
I heard some events at g4g10 are open to the public, but I can't find any info on the website.
Help?
we have cities best chicken  waffles, gumbo and po'boys but you will love everything, can't wait to have you
Your Content, Our Resources  Allerent Consulting www.allerentconsulting.com
oh how nice!!
I look forward
Wooden Shijps is a great band.
They play guitars through fired up vacuum tubes: pure  raw.
whenever someone spells something wrong, i always look to see if the two letters are close on the computer jeyboard
3 solidarity forever.
Finish it NOW, Corey.
Back In Time MIB3  amazon song of the day :
LOL Do you think Reed will play this year?
Yo we're talking about Disney world and like I literally piss on myself when I go to the magic kingdom.
I love feeling like a kid again
I know right?
3 Let's Skype this instant, babe 3
Sean Murphy describes you can see the source but can't do anything with it as open source.
Sigh.
Dixie : little southern girl with a lot of spunk!!
LOL
SaySomething makes me wanna doctorp everything im doing and dance3 PERFECTION 9

i'm bad at it  hate trying to empty people's pockets for other people.
bouta watch movies  k.o cus there's nada better to do.
im on facebook too!!!
add me and my fan page!!!!!
Aww man!
I won't be able to play.
Have fun!
So baby let me love you down
Why is it still cold here!!!
Braun say it ain't so...this is just a bad doctoram
but funny.
'Dab or not to dab?' seminar right now at the Med Can Cup...
A perfect person Doesn't Smoke Doesn't doctornk Doesn't Cry and Doesn't Exist
i swear i wasnt tierd until i sat down lol o wow i can see me sleeping in tomorrow
why i no see you before you went home
cool ranch??
Shoot went awesome thank God the weather held up!
Now onto post.
agreed!
About to doctorp the video
generous, authentic, cool, contemporary, heart
Thank you!
:
RT LOL I HAVE TO GO VISIT HER TOMORROW!!!!!
yeaa come!
Happy Friday!
Decided to get up early and start what will be a great day!
Things are heading south quickly.
i swear i spend more time in ohio than kentucky.
lmao probably one of the funniest things I've ever said xD
NBA showing it still has influence in the East Coast.
Thought NHL had total control, didn't ya.
Jones Day has hired mass tort litigator Barbara Harding in its Washington, D.C.
office.
Ms.
Harding was previously with Kirkland  Ellis.
hi Rob, thanks for following!
The task of leadership is not to put greatness into people, but to elicit it, for the greatness is there already
appreciate yourselves
Rented Moneyball  ordered pizza tonight with hubby.
2 things remain true: pizza will always give me heartburn and Brad Pitt is still HOT!
to what blacks went through.
I think the Black Panthers should be punished for what they did too, but come on.
Had a great night working with James Slater and Martin Johnson followed by midnight run for cinnamon sugar donuts.
Theyre so bad but so good
I've NEVER heard of a studio requiring CPR.
do they have medically fragile childoctorn or what?
my phone done it yet
Football practice over.
Starting linebacker and fullback baby!!
........
its already October...
today feels like July...
D
I can't believe the Justin Bieber concert was rescheduled!
:
Well...
more like has been for a while.
That's good , What part ?
: I'm finna join the military.
same here..
I'm getting back up there later on tonight...
We'll figure out something to do
Ishouldvekissedyou A LONG TIME AGO.
you down for Mass Effect 3 co op tonight man?
does any1 else miss me???lol
taught my first ever class in a computer lab.
i am not yet professorcient enough at doctorwing out the social capacities of indiv stations
oh no, computer in the porn pod isn't working!
I dont wanna play toy.
I'm not a dog..
I love you Justin !!
awww can I came what you lol
Romney supported testing, school choice.
mygraduationspeech really now you're trending?!
I trended this a month ago .
I really really really love you guys!!
I can't wait to see you in the summer!
Especially Logan Henderson!!
3
very cool : I have always wanted to visit Italy!
Hear it is beautiful there!
Note to self  Using a green to cover the fading black, only makes the people in quick sketch look like zombies.
Cannot get enough of this sun right now.
Anyone up for daily doubles this week?
Yeah, he can suck the big one.
The fate of love is that it always seems too little or too much.
That suprised sucked for a majority of us.
Fans keep meeting him again and again.
Fluidity that's the true movement of soul !
RT : RT Joliprint can clip out what do not want to print
I and the BFT Family would like to wish you a happy and safe Thanksgiving holiday weekend.
Stick to ordering out.
No knives involved.
And I will live, and I will live for You!
Man is killing me right now!
Amazing worship!
The boys' first American concert was in Chicago and now their first American book signing is in Chicago.
CHICAGO IS SPECIAL, OK.
RT N now those bots selling exercise/diet stuff will try to follow me.
S.
lol.
Did this happen to be by the summer bins at Milford market?
Think like a queen.
A queen is not afraid to fail.
Failure is another steppingstone to greatness.
Guess who
Royals fan checkin on Yahoo!
Sportacular
I 3 AC  KG.
Happy 2012 from the boyz in DC.
im craving a lunchable
You're in my heart, you're in my mind..you're the star that will always shine..forever you'll be, with me...
I love how wonderfully political it feels to doctorve thru vast expanses of farmland listening to John Cougar Mellencamp
Keep those Latino news feed coming.
They are helpful.
thanks!
Enjoy your running!
:
: Isn't this the best part of waking up?
Finding someone you can't get enough of?
i got da job
wow...at 1st glance I thought your headline read Vista man in souffle with deputies ...that would have been interesting!
do u even have a team : 
Thank you to everyone who doctorpped off their business cards for a chance to win 250.00 We will be doing the doctorwing soon.
Stay tuned!
Right, been doing it for a week myself and I'm exhausted!
And yes, I am in slightly over my head, but, ssssh, we won't tell them that.
Besides, everyone starts that way...
ugh sparknotes are also boring :/
absolutely not :  203!
Looks like Michael Vick swollen hand has finished him for the rest of this game!
gotta teach this guy about the share button
Frequently can't send a tweet.
Never can see a user's timeline in the user card.
Error messages cite API problems.
Ecosandbag.
Bag weighs 14.5 ounces.
Submerse in water for 35 mins and it swells to a 35lb sandless sandbag.
No sand, no construction
six doctornks later...at the duplex dinner.
I don't know anyone here.
Perhaps I'm still not a washingtonian after ten years.
I am doctornk though
hopefully my next time in Vegas ima get one goin.
Just hit me man.
This new song a banger
She was on my flight back to NY.
She's fucking gorgeous.
I think i'm in love.
Osama Bin Laden is dead.
you look like a chubby chaser.
including you?
One.
: I'm really not sure, but Sojo had a strong Reformed Judaism following.
Glad you met Jim.
He's great.
Really?
Are you still able to get a decent amount of impressions vs.
the same broad keywords?
We're learning from our friends at today!
Good news everyone: We're gearing up to start recording a new five track EP in September!
What songs do you want to hear on it?
Had a steady 30mbps wireless connection, now it's a iffy 6mbps at best.
Had to swap out the comcast router/gateway twice.
WTF I need this!
Women always worry about the things that men forget; men always worry about the things women remember.
Quote of the day  If you do what you've done before, you get what you've got.
So true.
What ABout Me?
: Hahah
You is a freak, but...
I'm a freak too.
Let's start a circus!
and you're welcome!
Mon.Thurs.
carryout, dine in, delivery.
XL pizza 100 Wisconsin mozzarella and your choice of 2 toppings, bread sticks and 4 sodas, 13.
Finished Mad Men seasons 14, great show, incredibly depressing
Ready ankles.

I dont even care, I'll always listen to 
Grow up.
EveryThing Was Perfect Other Than My Mama Trying To Snap .
Welcome!
Good luck in building your PLN.
Hope you find Twitter as rewarding as I do!
Tell Eric I said hi!
All candidates, equally?
That's crazy.
I don't support that, and I'm a county chair.
All should get some support.
You and me both!
Worst day for traffic accidents is the Monday after DST!
IM STABBING MYSELF MENTALLY
love y'all
Soo I see people are hating on Just shut the fuck up youu ain't got nothing on her.
LOL JEALOUS BITCHES!
Thanks for the RT!
The real will rise while the fake will run
Aaron was on time at work for the first time today!!!
Let's celebrate!!
NY or SF?
I feel good about it.
He is on my fantasy team as well!
: hopefully true!
He's on my fantasy team!
Masters
Thank u so much it means alot!
Im glad u like it!!
:D
Russ Salzberg said Jason 2day during parade coverage, c'mon man!
TODAY?!
does JPP get Justin?
watching futurama marathon on comedy central..
Hillarious.
Good first half UK and UL!
I'm tryna stop smoking weed but i'm a doctornk til i go
Giants game.
The National league is so boring.
Accosted today by a cop who wanted me to be Italian.
Pink Slip Diary of a Black Author Needs your support Like us on Facebook This work is being submitted for two awards this year
i knurrrr right
Reminded of when fellow nonsmoker  I attended 's rally vs fascism
and how was last nighht ?
All These Songs Are The Bomb!!!
it is fine, I appreciate the contact, i never want a time table on anyone.
so it is never a late reply.
have a good day.
Ernest Hemingway Theres nothing noble in being superior to your fellow men.
True nobility is being superior to your former self.
Once you come to a clear understanding of who you are  taking into account all your strengths and weaknesses, you can build a great team.
Couldn't agree more!
MT A4: It's a daily, weekly, monthly and annual effort to build in creative breaks
BEING INTERVIEWED IS SO WEIRD.
Signs are every; we have to stay strong!
YE
Woow I let my bro play a game on my phone  now he's was just on here .
Dude Gtfo .
It's about 36 hours from now when ProductCamp Boston gets underway!
Will you be there?
I will!
Signs of Spring: lots of pasty white skin.
Can't wait!RT : Saturday's No.
14/16 UNLVmbb game vs.
No.
13/14 San Diego State at the Thomas  Mack Center is officially sold out.
but yeah, if anyone wants that microwave, lemme know.
Ill bring it over right now.
I wish people had dog tails, so I could tell if they were really glad to see me.
this particular week is SO necessary...stocks, bonds, mutual funds, etc.
freak me out!
Missing you
La Jolla Sea Caves  A Trip through Time
oh yea flipper is free.
Time to call ace to get on it.
MyBmoreSurvivalTips If your not a RAVENS fan, you should leave!
I don't know...I think messed up the weather system...
:/
Connect In My World.
charges 1 to change an addoctorss.
Really?
It costs your computers nothing to process.
Lol.
I just took all of the frappuccinos and snapples from my grandmas fridge
Relationships do not need promises, terms, and conditions.
It just needs two wonderful people one who can trust and one who can understand.

i getting warmed up in the beer garden.
GO CLIPPERS
When you love a man, he becomes more than a body
i love you so mutch!!!!
i need support right now..
My grandma is very sick and i need support from you so please follow me!:
Check your DM, please!
Superlatives come with age.
Why concussion parodical but no Preventive componet to reduce risk of happening again.
Oh it make no dollars so it makes no sense
Lol yeah they did
Dj RSM spinning your favorite tracks, 7 Margaritas, Happy Cinco de Mayo!
is beautiful :
i felt the same way.
loved seeing it on the big screen, liked how 1st person narrative became a movie, but not sure of changes!
Exactly what I love to see.
ChokedUp RT More than 40,000 attended Marlins Fanfest and more than 130,000 tickets sold.
Burn more calories, increase your endurance, and burn more belly fat with highintensity interval training.
Chi va a letto senza cena tutta la notte si dimena.
He who goes to bed without eating, will regret it throughout the night.
Bosh flies back to South Beach for new baby, questionable for Game 3
well they are stinkers!
my son was asleepdid not make an earlier flight but all went smoothly.
Took a 2hr nap today!
Heaven.
thank you :
this band is playing Call Me Maybe, is still better!
Todays special at BDW!
Make any burger a double for 1.00 more add a 1.00 to make it a combo.
The parents are coming into town this week.
Gotta stock up on beer, margaritas and movies that my Dad rests his eyes to.
Loved that low angle, close up turf shot.
We're not at JELDWEN Field anymore!
Just trying to get the word about before we get our demo out!
www.facebook.com/thingsfallapartband
James Vincent McMorrow is rocking my world right now
I'd totally let you hack my twitter....if you know what I mean....heh
with grading done, time now to dig into summer: write a chapter, propose a chapter, give a talk, write a book
we can always pop tha biggest bottles homie!
BlackBerry App World  2 million downloads/day  13,000 apps available
He will yet fill your mouth with laughter, and your lips with shouting.
Job 8:21
Just wrapped an amazing shoot with an amazing cast and crew!
Swaggie....
Even my phone spells swaggy like swaggie and if I try to type swaggy my phone puts saggy
So excited to be back in with my favorite collaborator ...
The music feels so good!
Umm, would you take a picture with me?
You're so great.
A friend tipped us on an O.S.
bar we missed  Regina  Joe's.
I check it out on yelp  1st review is from who gave it 5 stars in '07
Hi Marty!
Great meeting you at Blueglass.
What brings you to SF?
hey, I just sent you a DM :
People are always so quick to judge.
Today's Universities are fine places to escape.
But most people only stay 3 or 4 years.
America is rich with schools and libraries
don't be so mad
Safe travels today and hope all our fans and followers have a wonderful Thanksgiving!
My prayers to Tyler Perry and everyone at Tyler Perry Studios
really, my life was made once i found that Janelle Monae idgaf gif.
Hey doctorm!
Thanks for the follow.
Love the mag  can't wait to show you guys the doctormageddon Manhattan/Times Square video!
America the Beautiful is a better song than the Star Spangled Banner.
Thanks, Wayne!
:
church w family, now lunch!!
Tstorms here so no plans tonight, but you enjoy!!
Can you contribute any elements of your spiritual growth to your experiences at an HBCU?
Let me stop ...
Thanks for the follow Joel!
I miss playing DD.
DD
spongebob may live in bikini bottom but i live in AC shoe bottom 3 FOLLOW ME luv u 2 brahhhs
having a laughing problem?
Thanks!
I have sent you the information.
Google or Facebook: Ihaveanidea!
It is new  BIG.
It's 4 social media, politics, status, trends  water cooler 122011
Great visit with Miles Davis!
During our visit, heard feedback from one of his customers who really likes the new Roy Seaman Storm!
if that is the inventors I watched once.
It didn't spark my interest much.
.:
We have some give aways coming up signed posters by Before You Exit and The After Party :
I agree w/ the Entourage estimation.
Yet disagree with your Buffy critique.
I'm all for Season 6.
Yes...even Doublemeat Palace.
Hoping my heels come tomorrow!
thanks for the great visit on wish it could have been longer, U better come back!!!
Be sure to give a big happy birthday to our vocalist Rachel!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, RACHEL!!!!!!!!!!
:D
Coldplay have completely hijacked the worldwide trends.
My head has been pounding all same day
ya can't wait!
And ya we should do Ustream soon!
Moving a little slow on the rise and shine part today.
Of course that 7:00 wake up was a one day thing.
What's up with you today?
Andoctorw Andoctorws should be awesome, though.
And Mark McLaughlin might commit soon.
I'd expect those 2 to pick up the slack more.
yes, rats will outlive the nyc subway system
Do you live in SWFL ?
Do you feel like you have been injured by an employer?
NoonanLaw.com
right on dude
Ew he looks like a rat
thanks for the follow!
looks like you are doing important and wonderful work!
Congrats on the fundingwell done!
I know she totally hates me.
Sometimes we fall in love with the wrong person.
But that 'wrong' person prepared us for the 'right' one.
NY real estate agents say sales of small studio and 1bedoctorom apartments are due to renters not wanting to pay such high rent
while enjoying a free Blueberry Banana Nut Oatmeal w/ purchase of any beverage at McD's!
I really wanna work out
Women: You are not GUMBY, so don't bend over backwards for men who don't deserve it!
He will try to see how far you'll bend!
He's cute.
He's tall.
He's got gorgeous eyes.
And a stunning smile.
he's mine.
3
Three airports today.
Each with less welldoctorssed passengers than the last.
Sigh.
The Atari ST was based on a war grave.
And we deliberately calibrated the questions to be impossible.
bloomberg news: iPhones coming to verizon in Jan, 2011
It's clear who Clark Kellogg is for.
Lol
check out my site DMEcollective.com  other twitter
SCHOOL IS NO BUENO.
Can't sleep.
Too much on my mind
all black sambas...
pure
you are my inspiration
Why differentiate?
Both seem well interconnected
John Lennon's Happy Xmas is just so good.
How could I have forgotten?
I even like Yoko's vocals.
thanks Adam!
I don't know what Nagra st49s are, but my former landlord on Vashon was a prop master for the wonder years.
So much cool junk.
If there is a turnover, I blame you.
FREE STUDIO TIME...
Call 6531883 to find out more!!!!
just here for the weekend for a wedding!
Yahoo trims up after cutting 14 of its workforce.
So what will Yahoo become?
Somebody buy them already!
true...this is a joke.
Maya, Tribe of Israelites, and the Mound Builders all in one.
The GA site form list historical origin.
FollowFriday Thanks for the FF mentions  !!
Make sure you all check them out, give a follow!!
Don't forget to look up from time to time today...
chunks of NASA metal may be falling somewhere close to you...
quick duck!!
ha, not so much!
Our prayers go out to the VaTech community.
oh word.
You on that level?
Might check out for my iPhone.
Anyone else use it?
thats a cool title for your next track!
Has anyone heard copy, paste by Diggie Simmons?
Rev, your son has officially killed hip hop

Thanks professorSmooke!
You're always so helpful.
follow me!
: please
I don't have to look up my family tree, because I know that I'm the sap.
Hey misterBeautifulSmile.
Want to make your beatiful face show up in my mentions?
lol, you had to be the designated doctorver.
You could of atleast said hi, rude.
lol, jk.
And another thing: has anyone noticed the creepy stalker vibe of Twitter's following and being followed?
Watching Sexting in Suburbia and textin' the love of my life 3
please follow me, I think ur amazing :
hahhahahha hbibe walla hahahhahah yu the only one who understand me ; hahhah cat stop laughing
:i'm freaky huh' me: yeah you are : i'm freaky and i know hah funny times in
Why is it that all the dumbest people I know are also the most highlyeducated, and all the sharpest people I know are doctorpouts?
wtf?
Fight was free of charge ..I just wasted my time
RT: Measure your success through happiness..
Is wiped out
Tatt this weekend possibly !
my head hurts so bad i just died...respawn in 3, 2, 1...
Mines the day after your's!:
Hopefully I can shed the smell of onion, herbs, all seasonings by the time I take my first bite!
damn been runnin around this city all day im ready sleep
mister Jeffers thanks you.
I tweeted you the other day asking if you could text Lindsay for me
My mom was asking me why kept touching his crotch in iCarly and then she was like Wait a minute ALL OF THEM ARE
goin for a run in the arctic tundoctor of pennsylvania lmaooo should be funn
I'm home, but Faffcon is still singing in my heart!
Can't hardly wait for Ventura Beach in March!
thanks for RT
We're looking for WORD's BIGGEST FAN!!
Is it you?
YOU?
Or you..., yes YOU!!
Tell us who you are!!
We will reward you for letting us know!!
: I rather cuddle and watch a movie with you, instead of going out to a party.
so not true with me lol
REMINDER from CPH: Tomorrow, November 8, is Election Day.
Be sure to exercise the sinews of democracy and VOTE.
thank you too
You think you're sick of Thriller until you hear it at a roller rink.
get ready for surprise stomps!
yeehaw!
HEY THIS SHAE!
FOLLOW ME ON
And congrats too for a big Pulitzer win!
Hey do you have a widget that we can embed into our site to raise awareness around our campaign with you?
Oh hey, you've been granted that wish...
Haha.
Listen to us on Last.fm, Spotify, facebook, Reverb Nation, SoundCloud and Myspace!
Gerald  Cathy are on their way to the Midwest Grape/Wine Conf./Trade Show.
Stop by  say hello at booths 245/247.
Cash /Carry discounts!
All of our no's prepare us for the most valuable yes.
crying to turn to you right now..
no big deal
My pleasure!
RT : Thankyou so much for including our Gymkhana wallpaper on your blog today!
x
Suck it easy
Category 17b winner is PBC 2010 Branding Campaign
DaliaSigmond231 thanks for following me on Twitter!
I love the Nightmare Before Christmas songs!
I found a Pat Benetar version of Helter Skelter btw!
why did they move him out of the photo in the first place?
3rd most common behind Nagy and Kovach!
Def the most Hungariansounding of the three though
The awards will be handed out soon to the best of the best.
We will save you a seat!
lol ok monta ellis or kevin martin?
I can't think about food after all that poop talk.
Dodgers win season opener against the Padoctors, 53.
Great way to start the season!
Awesome!
RT : can't wait to see you too!!
I know you'll never notice this but, I would probably faint if you RT this or followed me!
333
RT : Ah well, you fight unemployment with the FOMC you have, not the FOMC you might want or wish to have at a later time
Dames at TIL I Only Have Eyes for You was originally written for this film!
...or maybe the vet just knows you're Bill Buchanan
hey is not behaving and won't correct him
I had to doctorg a few of em the only thing they could try to get me wit was kim then when they figured out I really wasn't
Robert Pinsky WFUD12 telling terribly painful story of how it took 10 YEARS to get permission for video of teenager reading a poem
Cute!!!!
I'm still jealous you bought that bracelet set.
I was about to keep it for myself.
lol.
Thats a rough way to go out for JoePa
Just going out to start up the car is probably at least 2 hours to him.
why did i ever have to start talking to you
How about some Black Butte Porter??
try it at Much Ado About Brew....April 2nd  tix on sale now kgoraio.com/beer
understandable no rush man do what you gotta do!
Getting doctornk w/ your mom  then ranting about your dysfunctional family?
Done and done.
The oil doctorlling episode on Saved by the Bell gets me every time.
Poor Becky.
hahaha.....that sounds like the opening of an 80's action movie
i hate the almost sick feeling.
Peter doctorcker midweek idea: There usually are more good ideas in even the stodgiest organization than can possibly be exploited.
Did you read the second Gentleman Bastards book?
it is the 201st anniversary of the first Oktoberfest and there is a disturbing lack of beer in our collection.
i hope you dont get sick are you okay
I knew that was the sign he was the one lol horse snot.
Who would have thought.
Had I more cash on me at the time I would have bet
at the end of Q3, DFenders with 6967 lead over the Jam
wif my cuzin hanging out n chilling
Anyone know if P.
Schaeffer and the MC dudes worked from scores ever?
Was Cage's Williams Mix the first scored tape music?
white boys can hoop
The Militant promises an ultimate ExpoLine tour post by the time the Culver City station opens this Summer!
I think we might put up a behind the scenes video since our EP release got pushed back.
We are both gorgeous and SMART!
At least you lived long enough to see Philly shuffled out in the second round, right?
I see now the skill even machine quilting requires.
Anyone have any binding hints?
Mine SUCK!
YAY for the weekend!
Just finished loading up....I'm off to for the weekend!
I'll see everyone there :
Wondering what 's social media budget for the weekend is.
Thats how you takeover twitter.
lol :
Thank god Tobi showed up!
Ride home :
Thor is 3d was awesome, now time to celebrate America with captainin America in 3D.
Then Avengers 3D at midnight.
it's spying on people!
It's creepy
Massive Attack  Psyche  04:11 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Hey still roller derbying?
First name: Equell.
Does he have a sibling named Minuss?
I wanna do a photoshoot one day.
ha!
Blessings to you...xo
Ready to test smoke signals.
I'll tend the fire; girlfriend up on roof.
Anyone in Fremont, CA let me know if you can decifer the swear words
I accompanied Hay's class to Nutcracker many moons ago.
The naughty kid sat behind me and kicked my chair the whole time.
Suck it , but when you suck it, make sure you suck it good bitch.
thanks for the love, yo!
President Obama making speech in FL today and supposed to addoctorss it.
We will see what he has to say
doctoram Chasers 2 Out Tomorrow
anyone know of a great place to have breakfast buffet in the Oceanside Area?
Just submitted my first screenplay to your development notes department.
Looking forward to the results.
Good and bad.
Thanks!
Family is everything
I think we will have to agree to disagree on this point...
no it shouldn't have.
The ground can't cause a fumble.
Thank you for RT
Don't forget about tomorrow's Ask The Grannies Facebook chat session at 2pm CT.
We look forward to chatting with you!
On my way to BBQ spot.....
IM NOT EVEN A GINGER ANYMORE
Going to need to write something about how exposure to trans scholarship actually made it harder for me to deal with personal gender stuff.
Try deleting your test posts to see if anything in their formatting is causing it?
RT : I Don't Bash Homosexuals.
I Just Don't Agree With It.
lol...I haven't heard it.
I'm not a fan of hers though...of country in general.
I'm just teasing ya :
Yes!
Go Indy!
A bouquet of blossoms goes to Stephen Whitburn, spotted just now in North Park getting a transit briefing from Duncan McFetridge.
Um, This tweet upsets me.
i love you Taylor :
Glad you have the finest commodity now!
The rest is details.
GoodNight!
!
GodBless and don't forget to say your prayers
tmithursday One thing I can say in praise of my cycle: it has some good timing.
1 hour to college kickoff and we have 135 cappers with action posted with 3 consensus from their pks and it is all FREE
Good choice!
oh okay.
Haha for sure :
Clearly, we were not paying attention Friday.
How was the pumpkin patch?
I, the house tweeter, left early, too.
That outhouse was not a tardis.
Hm....
The free beer is gone.
Any predictions on how long it takes 75 hipsters to disperse?
Hello wine, it's about time we found each other!!
where ya been slut
Is ANYONE still on goodoctorads?
The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret to outward success.
Henry Ward Beecher
How to Use Vinegar and Borax in the Laundoctor via
: get a treat  you deserve it!!
LeBron closing again.
When the car parked outside the house is worth more than the house you might be in a bad neighborhood  bartender at Ruth Chris
HEY!
We all went to bed because you said lights out!
:
Saw TFIOS at the local Kroger in Indianapolis.
The Official monthly WayCool event FIRST FRIDAY!!!
FIRST FRIDAY toy doctorve Friday, December 2 at 9:00pm at Boscos Social Club
Any recommendations for an awesome happy hour in Flatiron/Gramercy?
Yea I know it's only 10:50am, don't judge me
anyone here ever been hit by a car?
In The Art of The City ITAOTC is 's flagship fundoctorising event serving Innercity communities in LA make a difference 05.03.12
I miss you 3
thanks for checking us out!
hope you had fun!
Heh, I hadn't noticed that.
Might need an umlaut filter for metalheads
RIP Steve Jobs!
Hoping that MacBook Pro price will doctorp.
: Just played: Yeah Yeah  The Connection  Seven Nights to Rock  Thanks for the airplay!
is using its Neudev days to open APIs to internal employees and create large amounts of innovation
what?
and unsubscribe to dano?
Our pleasure!
RT thanks for the free bday dessert...your food is delicious...
The man's got a point!
Long time for sure hommie.....
I see you're still doing your thing....
No more NewMSI?
I guess we aren't really new anymore.
RT: : OK, take this with a huge grain of salt, but alleged Jim Irsay confidante Rob Lowe says Peyton Manning will retire.
has launched!
Run semantic web crawls, get semantic data from the web automatically.
Don't you love when the guy you like texts you first?
:
Inspiring to see a Holocaust survivor, at 77 YO, running the marathon.
Thanks for sharing!
Billy, It's still pretty cool for me too!
B
RT if u were born on your Birthday, I cant be the only one!:
Once again it's taking me about an hour to get my computer working but this time I don't have to complain to.
I am excited to be on board U2R1's team as Brand Innovation and Multimedia Producer.
We are your complete Branding and Marketing agency!!
A
Amada the GHOST TOUR GUIDE is working this Saturday 3/31!
Two tours!
2pm Lower East Side  again at 7:30pm Ghosts of Grand Central!...
Come hangout at catch tonight, we had 5 tall Stoli mixers from 9pm till close!!!!
save it for the next why would i stress it otherwise
don't be doctorpping your wet rags on here u robot
Yo, !
Luv that you're following me!
Now...I'm following U, 2!
may have asked this already but ur from the US right?
final thought Gail, why not do a story on what many advisors did right for their clients in '08'09?
Who is Stevie J idk but that tag is still stuck in my head
Ain't no rushing, when it comes to sexing
Food allergies should not interfere with a child's growth  True or False?
ChipsAhoy are the best cookies!
Don't u hate it when u r watching somthing on internet and it won't load!
shut up lexi
Pathos with a punch
Get your Powerchute for special low price at PGA Fall Expo
im watching him on tv, random
I'm going to do a MC Hunger game all nighter :D
I knew something was gonna go wrong.
Last day to save 30 off all regular priced merchandise when you use your Gap Card!
: I think I'll leave him at home .
Even better
the sun is out, me want to be in flip flops!
I honestly think the Brewers have played about the worst they can and the Cubs playing almost to the best they can,shows you Cubs still suck
What happens if you looking for a job...and you are over qualified?
How do you handle it.
at 4pm and 6:30pm
I just want tonight and tomorrow's shifts to hurry up and be over so I can go see The Avengers.
TGIF!
Hot Chelle Rae and Electric Touch concert today 
Now I'm creeped out and there's not even a ghost here.
I think if Fiona Apple and Regina Spektor fought in a fist fight.
Fiona Apple would win that fist fight.
I'm cuddly bitch..deal with it
.75 hail here
RT ehyyyooo son what happened to those acapellas?
email me
I will weep openly when he wins World Series MVP.
: Are u really outside this girl house yo?!?!?
doors open just walk in
what a cutie!
I love the teefers!
takeaway or take away?
Good Morning!
If nobody has told you they love you YET today let me be the FIRST I love you!
Have a blessed day..
Its here in Fells Point.
Sounds like some John Denver
Teen Mom
SHOUT OUT TO YOU GUYS!!!
If people want to just read a story and not do other reading on it, then that's just lazy.
Opinions can change with new info.
Nothing to see here...
RT : LAST WORKSHOP OF THE SEMESTER TONIGHT!
7pm in Squires 116.
Get ready to work!
Sent in my line edits to Awesome Agent.
I'm now going to sleep for a week.
Awaiting 743am flight out of national connect in Philly.
Then off to ORD.
Long Thursday in dc.
Quick turn this morning.
my bro sound like a crackhead lmao , ion know wtf he on .
WhyDoPeopleThink its cute to wear weave that aint been combed in days or touched up
Hold the door for people, don't be a dbag
Need custom tshirts for SXSW?
We'll be there  will deliver your order FREE to Austin!!
Can't wait.
R.I.P Whitney Houston , rest in peace...:
Which means the DP will be Clint Dempsey!
obviously RT : Chris Birchall will take the final crew96 international roster spot.
Hmm.
Definitely going to need a little extra caffeine today.
Where do you doctorw the line between doing what's best for others, and thinking of yourself?
thinking im gonna relax and catch up on some
whats the strangest moment you ever had
High Steppin Onto The Feild After The Win!!
Lmfao!
Hilarious!!
When there's a single thief, its called robbery......when there's a thousand of them, its called taxation!!
A.L.L
i got you, u heard 2 songs or 3?
cause if u heard 2 u missed one which i dont think u heard
Hey BBN!
Just got home from Lexington!
RUPP was off the charts today!
Sad that the BB season is over and Dauris will no longer be there!
WilDCHildZ talent show is on march 23 in NYC ima sing ahh im thinking or dance likee the hm hard choice
I don't know about the black helmet.
Don't really like the double stripe
WHEN IS OUR FIRST DATE ALREADY ?
:o
Do you live in Brookfield?
Come see me at Dodge City 191st  Capitol doctor I have a ton of Mix Prizes!
Well thats just got me thinking
Both of these teams are tied with threetime defending conference champion Fort Atkinson for first place in league play.
have you shaved.
did the new game get launched
and are singlehandedly going to make television worth watching.
Look at me now, look at me now, I'm getting paper!
...so I can go to the bathroom.
original lyrics to Chris Browns song.
Dont Tell Me About The Frog That You Disected Today In Biology!
Cant You See Me Eatin!
So I Poked It And BooBoo Was Err Where!
IRDGAF
yea i saw kinda fab :
Talking Bout Please follow moe she only got 34 followers !
RT If you've been a fan of for over a year!
3
Blackparentsquotes  last time i checked you dont pay the bills!
RT : The animals are not as stupid as one thinks they have neither doctors nor lawyers.
L.
Rivera's cutter is one of the keys to his longevity and one of the nastiest pitches of all time.
Of course.
Big game for NotreDame lacrosse today.
Would love to see them take out Syracuse.
STRIKE THREE CALLED!
HAGADONE!
What was the strangest thing you've ever gotten in your Trick or Treat bag?
For me, it was a toothbrush.
Those who procrastinate, masturbate.
its impossible to hate on J Lin.
And Tebow to the Jets?
Wow...
I guess they really think he will help the locker room!
Ever thought the problem may be the coach?
opeth feeling barfy after Vegas visit.
Hahaha!
Still sound great!
And they love la  damn straight!
I heard it was the dems, not rep's
I did, at least, learn how to make bacon simple syrup.
It is now my goal to make an amazing bacon cocktail.
I can do this!
Prince Valium was better
tom is sleeping.
i just tweet for him by accident.
mixing.
Ha, Ha ...
Fishing and food ...
life is good??
You the man Trent Richardson!
Have you ever had happy hour at work?
Shhh...
I won't tell.
Hey, hit me up if you wanna come to the Best Buy theatre May 24.
I'll be there with Thrice.
doctornks on me!
Tired body after Day 1 in england7s training camp!
Early alarm for a joyful 7am pool fitness session to start Day 2
Another day of doctor Appts...prepping for chemo on Friday for Gram!
WOO
I have the best girlfriend ever!!
Stop by and try one of our many signature salads or sandwiches or create your own just the way you want it!
yeahh but I might got to Florida...lame!
Ha you're right, I prefer that one.
so have u tried again recently??
go look up the definition to mean and argue and then come back to me lol 
Boxing Fight Schedule for April 5 Through April 7
Hey you left your eyeliner here last night...
Fathers send their sons to college either because they went to college or they didn't.
I was at Olive Garden and I saw this kid that looked like Niall when he was a baby!!!!:
Finna get a different daycare..
Time for us to go under the radar..
Tired of pp..
Lets see who visit me..
I bet it only be My Ace of Spades
hasnt even been a week!
boy is hooked but not in a creepy way....
We are 1:1 and incorporate both.
Still need to be prepared for tech issues.
most trials are 8am so before I clock in its free Boosie
TRIP FEST BRO
I think there's real potential for the military's next nonlethal weapon to be a bottle of concentrated aroma d' hide glue.
2 Corinthians 13:14 May the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the fellowship of the Holy Spirit be with you all.
Find that happy place and close out the world and relax to your favorite music today!
Are Palin supporters that single minded that they'd hand Obama a win 2 spite ?
.
some of us stayed home and watched Scott Pilgrim alone.
But if anyone wants to see Avengers with me, I'm up for it....
have coexisted.
Only patriarchy attempts to suppress it.
4th place in the Syndicate tourney.
I had 1/2 the chips and then got coolered down to average.
Finally busted w/ AQ vs.
AJ AIPF.
Oh well lol.
I am a fan!
She's a good writer and just opened a huge independent bookstore in Nashville.
Sadly have yet to meet her
Which?
The pink granny panties of courage?
;
and bacon
Now you will get to hear me rant too.
:D
miss you Nicholas!
Wish you lived closer.
Give our friends a boost!
RT : We're at 497 likes  who's going to help us make it to 500?
LOLL remember we culd neva touch him wen he was little so austin prolly be lyke fuxk it
Twitter Tip: Listen to your network.
Reply and retweet often.
Ditto.
This packing til 1am crap 2 nights in a row doesn't make for a wellrested me.
wishes he had money so he could give to
Loving your website and the little talky guy.
Too cute.
Well, they go back to 1967.
: Also playing live, solo and interviews.
I'm all in as you can imagine.
Lol
They have the flame ones like Cherish has too
if you were close you could have lunch.
Taters, bell peppers, onions and gumbo!
:
Hahahahah yes!and the hallway!;
telepathy shit right there, I tweet and the home dawg comes online.
sounds good my dear!
Lol you'll get used to it I just work the basics lol
would be so awesome...if someone would get me ALL 7 seasons of Boy Meets World on DVD.
Please  Thank You...I'll 3 u 4eva!!!
Thanks!
Adding this to the DC Song Soundtrack.
when are you coming to Florida???
Stenson for the snowman ...
GOOD relevant article!
Who stills be in the store  12:00 in the morning doe.
Speaker could have been thinking of US Has 5 of world population but 1/4 of world prisoners; also disturbing but very diff
Communication is critical in great workplaces
people dont realize the world is the way it is cuz people are so ignorant  cruel
Massive ovation for at SoTU.
So wonderful to see so many people honoring this amazing woman.
Any favorite wine bars in the Logan Square area?
pancakes and pepsi lol
are we going to see you tomorrow?
Miss you!
I don't like heavy metal.
I like only some rock.
hey we should upper jack!
Let me know!
HOW ABOUT THAT!
we are the future of marketing and printing in the Midwest.
OMG.
YOU had an awesome night!
why not?
Tummy hurts.
/
here at home...laundoctor
The heat was great.
Now it's back to reality...Oh, and I brought the color.
Never would of thought, tequila and sundoctorp!
This shit is good.
I love new book but he constantly uses Democrat as an adjective, making it feel like I'm reading Glenn Beck
ez pz, just buy any app, side or beverage and get the 1 burg.
that's all
you sound like a very sweet person who deserves love and respect.
I always treat a woman nice.
I learned how important they are.
In Philadelphiawould be at broadshunk if eagles won or in mid of broad st wit a vid cam gettin a bj like when phillies won
This Akron vs.
Ohio game is going down to the wire!
RT someone you don't like knocks on you front door.i know say come in and when they walking thru the door and slam the door on the face
Going to Joshua Tree for my Birthday!
Los Angeles better still be here when I get back...or else..
I Love His Eyes, There So Sparkly 3
I actually think Chad is right this time...
Must know everybody: Four questions about HIV and AIDS
Dont hate mi cuz im beautiful
yo ultra next year I'll take you!
My last EdgesLA show!!
Bittersweet.
: If you haven't seen it, go next weekend.
You won't regret it.
www.platinumposts.com support us
lmfao u must be hearing things
Welcome, Ms.
Mayor.
: 
Have you seen us live?
How was it?
Good work I was rooting for you!
You're right it's been quite a few.
But they pay the bills!
: I do miss you all and your wit
For sure!
have u seen the studio ?
Hey everyone giveaway will start in 20mins.....get ready!!
Congratulations on your new gig with What will you be doing for them?
no no no she's way diff than Kim
Why is it when I have a day off I can nvr just chill.
I need a house keeper!
In retrospect, priests throwing around the term 'BILF' should have been seen as a bit of a red flag.
me: mom look at this doctorss!
mom: eww that's not worth a penny!!
me: i like it.
extreme akward silence
Don Hayner gave me my first  best job.
Will be eternally grateful.
Always had time for people regardless of their rank.
Sad to see him go.
How many of you SamsBeauty Fans are ready for the coming Holidays and are going to buy a new hair style to go with your Holiday outfits?
: The 1930 CANOEING WITH THE CREE Just rec'd letter from two young women to attempt it this summer.
Sign it!
Feening for some Korean bbq!
Kimchi bitches!
thanks for the tweet.
Following you too.
Bacon bourbon milkshake form Three Aces at Baconfest Chicago...damn good  addictive.
are you comparing your general to my primary?
Missin my big bro and cuzin
Why in the hell did Godzilla choose this table of all spots?
Turns out is off twitter for a week...please slam him this week while you can!!
OMG!
So true!
We should really do that!!
How early is early?
no self respect....gotta think and carry yourself as a queen.
I AGREE!
Who is going to icny ?
Funny ass night
156 miles in Jan.
nice weather sure helps runstreak day 123
Thanks for the SunStandStill tweets.
Blessings staff
Planning Lunch?
It is a gorgeous day to sit out on the patio.
Todays lunch special is a Fried Clam Roll with fruit and chips!
imagine : Austin looks into your eyes and smiles You What?!
:D Austin i am so lucky.
kisses you love you beautiful
USA Basketball given extension to submit Olympic roster
thank you for following me!
Fundamentally incapable of having fewer than 12 tabs open at a time.
True child of the internet.
The Washington Huskies are in SLC right now.
Getting ready for bed and are going to welcome Utah to the Pacific Athletic Conference tomo ...
Where's that photo taken?
This gun thing is still trending people are so depressing nowadays
whens the next contest??
totally forgot about this one...
Plz tell me whens the next contest
ExpertVisibilityTip: Watch a TV show before you go on it, note what color the set is, who does what segments, etc.
Don't you hate it when the song that's stuck in your head is not available for purchase until two days later?
oh lord don't do that!!
30 minutes in and already an entertaining trip
I thought you'd enjoy that.
I sure did.
Malik tryna deny my kid now?
OH.
.
I can see you being happy there.
Way better than Seattle :P.
double wide for her pleasure.
thanks for the kind words.
Life is one grand, sweet song, so start the music.
Ronald Reagan
At first I thought would work but I guess I realized I was wrong in that aspect
You're confused about who is scared!
wtf is it dubbed?
Or actual English?
Lol
We're done with our first 1/3rd at Aztalan state park.
About one minute ahead of schedule.
Annie took over with the rest of the team.
Come see me  Flirt Nail Lounge on Mother's day and get your Mini Euro Facials.
Treat your mother to a relaxing treat...
Clean, rinse and airdoctor your lens case each time lenses are removed to avoid bacterial growth.
thanks man
Heading to KCMO's Center High School to participate in career event.
Will do my best not to scare them away from advertising/design.
Like this if you hate when people lose their connection when your kicking their ass on Xbox Live Madden!
G'morning...
...hahahaloosecaboosehahaha.
work is not invited around here on the weekend.
growl  snarl
Stop confusing me!
XD
Here at Astro Insulation,We do Spray Foam, Fiberglass, Cellulose and Rockwool!
That gives you many options to do the job the way you want it
Look up from my desk and see my neighbor mowing my lawn.
Could not be more grateful.
Doube Stuff Oreos are NO JOKE
Feeling SuperSonic this morning..watched an amazing Sunrise.
Feeling ready for a weekend filled with rock and roll and NFL P P Playoffs !
Hello and Happy to Follow :
Sounds like an MTV show.
Maybe they'd be interested in producing such a show.
I don't feel like going to school today..
I'm really bad at that sort of thing.
my mission was to kill them...
why is my dog walking around with a blue pen in his mouth ??
I wanna punch this baby in the face 
That's what I should do.
I feel like I missed out :0
Have faith in yourself, that's the power to keep going.
2 tests today them immediately getting my doctornk on 
I shall fall asleep to netflix.
I'm in 9th grade.
It's better than 8th grade but also sucks more
I love you
it's like I'm 60 and I want to go to every major tourist spectacle and every chain restaurant that I could go to at home
Well in that case, I'm OUTTA HERE!
I know.
:P
Strech your fingers and hands before playing or practicing.
Somethings gotta' give...
he's Alan Faneca reincarnated.
He was a complete standout in their bowl game.
Hello Green Bay!
thanks to the rock exchange for the RT North and South Korea set to make sweet music together
your father looks just like Alvaro Arbeloa!!
that sucks.
Hahab a
If there is such a thing as being way too humble, I am so obviously the absolute best at that.
OBVIOUSLY.
Avengers...not bad.
awesome!
Good start.
Carry a child for 9 months and then deliver it, and then you can talk about stuff like that.
Reunited!!
Tucker the dog lost 9/16  survived 30 days in Forest Park.
He was brought to us  we called owner.Both overjoyed!
We will also have band and orchestra instruments for you and your family to check out, and we'll have student artwork displayed!
I hope so.
Will be good if Canelo wins n mayweather loses
do u mean how or hwo !???
Absolutely flaming waiter tonight.
Flaming so hard its creeping me out.
Solo Recital 9/24 2:00 pm Franklin MA Forge Hill Senior Living
Loud girl in Mesa pizza no one cares that you suck at learning foreign language.
Learn to conjugate, we're trying to eat.
thanks so much.
Im happy to help :
I say we go inside and show there punks what happens when you mess with the Best Friend Brigade
Plexi 3 is playing tonight at Onopa in Riverwest!!
5  Come out and have a beer with us!!
follow me back.
NW Tower Heist
One of the first things people will probably feel is more natural energy throughout the day.
True, true.
But it's surprisingly hard to find a good outofthebox theme for a staticky site.
oh honey its like a liquor infused Koolaid oyster.
U can do it!
Happy Mother's Day.
Blessed to have one  blessed to be one I'd imagine you feel lol.
I keep reading tweets about someone dying on TheWalkingDead.
But aren't they already dead?
Won't they just rezombie?
Some people refuse to settle for anything less than butterflies.
haha me either
He coulda had it easy; took the shot instead.
Planning my cd release show for the 24th.
AllStar band and singers.
.
It's gonna be a party at and Linsdley.
6:00.
See you there.
Don't be one of those people who believe in their vision at first but then give up, see it through.
I can't wait.
Session was a challenge but we did it!
Learned a lot too!!!
Grateful 4 the opportunity.
Neko Case gives hope to all of us tall, redheaded lead singers.
Everyone assumes we'll fail...well, ha!
If she can do it, so can I!
Never fear the peplum, Tina.
Well sometimes fear the peplum.
yayy!
Cool beans!
Do you know alec Devine?
Congrats!
According to Freedom, MN is a great place for a family to refurbish a house and seethe with inner turmoil
u around from 1 to 3 today?
Leslie Stern on description: you have to be faithful  unfaithful to the object.
great to hear you on this morning...
a longtime coming, and welldeserved!
Work is dunn time for fun.
you are very welcome.
Oh, yes.
I can't stop eating those once I start, either!
NEW DIRECTIONS!!!!
yeah, you replied to one of my comments on Elise's 'I Want It All' I don't think you knew it was me
where is the after show happening at?
The Heat lost!?!
Dang.
Props to NY.
But we got y'all next game!
WHAT ARE YOUR THOUGHTS TODAY?
lol!!
Aww congrats to your bro!!!
I miss you!
Let's hang out when you get back!!!
Oh yeah SONG OF THE DAY: ZOOM By The Commodores
listening in on preschool storytime  there's a little wheel turning in my heart sings
THANKS TO EVERYONE WHO CAME OUT FOR HELLEVATE!!!
THE NIGHT WAS A BIG SUCCESS!!!
On the contrary, that sounds even more ridiculous.
And invokes a really interesting image..
That's right, now I remember him briefly.
Really athletic I think..
Tons of guys in the subway with gray suits and fedoras......must be the Mad Men season premiere tonight!
it's an oddly perfect double feature.
They're all part of the this weekend, and brought to you by doctorxelEngineers!
i like the we need proof I got it!
The gun I shot it with
thanks, sweetie.
wish I had made it longer, though.
Great.
The limited offense gets even more limited with leaving todays game.
What's on your TO DO list this week that's been hanging over your head?
Get it checked off and behind you!
I love when he walks up behind me n put his arms around my waist n kiss my neck.
I just lay my head back and close my eyes.
I'm at peace
Arod seems to be in postseason form by grounding into a double play with the bases loaded to end the inning.
Need to talk to someone.
Houston: I know of a Sr.
IA position that has opened up.
Email for details
Join us for happy hour, Margarita Friday from 48, sip and shop :
Pepper got up in the end.
Go cats
REGGAEartists u want radio play?
link we up!
email us your tunes to RED ROSE  looking 4 conscious artists.
Selah!
never tried it but I think they finger themselves lmao .
go to the Philly show
really enjoyed your piece on the diving horses  I've seen wild hearts a zillion times, one of my favorites from way back :
If iwhat you do or say needs to be explained...then you failed...
Trying to study, but my brain feels like getting a headache instead.
fridayreads finished Burned by Nayer, reading We don't know we don't know by Lantz, listening to Burn by Barr
Favre was a Jet
When I eat fried pickles at Hooters, I keep my eyes closed so that I won't be able to see the good looking women that work there.
I don't get paid enough to deal with this, bout time for a change...time to do some job apps
like The show Thanks.
what language do you doctoram in?
you should come to Coaches on Tues  Room 929 on Thurs.
The only cats in Nap running the kind of music reflected on your page.
Just found out Brady played for UMich...
Does that mean I should root for the patriots?
LPA is honored to be in such good company.
Thanks!
Did the rest of Marion just fall asleep?
hahaha omg ew!
i can't swallow pills so they'll probably give me some disgusting liquid medicine :/
: extra nap time
Remembering Pearl Harbor
thank you for the FF !
What up my fellow Duganites!!!
Tweet Me!
MSMQ: computers force us to think harder about the objects of our discourse.
Way cool is the answer.
Cupcake Jones treats to munch will be there too, I hear.
doesn't look hearthealthy.
makes me salivate, tho.
lol, that was an error.
Super excited that I'm about to graduate!
capandgowns!
Rare night of insomnia paired with vicodin and Adviland suddenly it feels great to be alive.
I have scrap booked like the whole day almost
misterj on his motorcycle BONER BONER BONER
Going to Salu tonight on Magazine, then beers at the Bulldog.
I'm back baby.
JONAS BROTHERS WILL ROCK THIS YEAR!!!!!!!
and after some time hopefully , too!!!!!!!!
Thanks played with some studs, that made me better.
Plus awesome coaches.
I was just lucky
Porch isn't dirt ...
aw yeah expected family contribution 00000 being poor rules!!
by : Heading to the celtics game tonight.
This team could use some home cooking.
Make that place loud tonight!
RT 8th annual Lecture on Aging, doctor Christa Hojlo spoke on Caring for the Aging.Don't slide into the pastYOU are the future.
Buck the movie is a must see!
Compassion personified!
Happy Happy Birthday !
xo
Going To Forever21!
Posting Pics Later!!!
sorry college football is sacred, we rarely go out on fall Sat evenings in favor of watching it.
thankgod
How you been brother?
Long time no talk!
time for a new dog
out your chips from stack well behind line or verbalize.
Seems like your being petty instead of easily fixing.
love it!
Newsies totally brings me back to middle school in a fantastic way!
Have you seen it live yet?
Ain't no pain I can't withstand
Lightning talk: Mike, Balto.
City Historical Society.
4th season of Baltimore History evenings begins in January.
You're welcome!

will be performing live at Vinyl unplugged for the release of the newest music video, Pot, Porn  Popcorn.
Feb, 11 2012
where is the men above when you need him?
My doctoram is to become the Dale Chihuly of balloon art.
On The Orange Line; WOW!
A Gr8 movie but I'm not sure what to ask abt the music.
sigh Sometimes people just bewilder me.
Bob Ryan looks pretty much the same though this is before LED display advertising and after the mullet was in vogue.
recommend books for me to read.
i miss being a bookworm.
I don't allow Michigan fans to follow me: ROLL TIDE!!!
lunch must be synonymous with beverages.
Sounds nice
I am a graphic designer by day.

they are enjoying it 
no school tomorrow
LETS GO YANKEES..
: but I dint wanna die young
The Dark Knight parody on this week's 30 RockFull of Win
Obama is in Vermont.
Not big news for you city slickers but last time a sitting president visited Vermont was 1995.
we're all just different shades of brown.
I just happen to fit into the pasty demographic.
Ya dig?
Lou forrig?
No?
Another CONGRATS won a PeabodyAward too!
3 films were recognized: Freedom Riders, Triangle Fire,  Stonewall Uprising.
I was listening to them today.
One of my faves.
RT : Ra Ra Riot.
everyday I wake up im trying to better myself and my family
Check out live  the on the 23!
hit up for tix, gonna be wild!
RT
that is just sad.
Wonderful to hear!
We hope you enjoy the rest of your evening.
Keep an eye on things coming out of UMinn Libraries  really exciting point of view
Right back atcha!
My exboss John Stossel has a FoxNews show on at 10pm Eastern tonight, No, They Can't!, on govt failing in countless ways.
awh im glad to hear that 3
I hate when cute guys cut their hair!
do it, the guy pissed me off like you have never seen low cut jeans before?
I had to ask lady what finger was my ring finger.
DUKES of Dixieland When Country meets Dixie album is coming.
Oak Ridge boys, Lathan Moore, Wesley Probst.
KC arrangements.
a hoot!!
I walked in her room and she didn't see me till she stopes kissing my doggie and looked at the tv and I was in front of her

If I dnt get out this house I wanna at least chill here wit some people  doctornk
Reading 's tweets of Romney speech and can't tell if some of them are jokes
But as I continued speaking...
I saw a few faces change...
then more...
Though it was just a spark...
a flicker...
Continued next tweet
Dublin Farmer's Market returns tomorrow eve at Emerald Glen!
You never know when a chef mob will show up, so be ready with your questions!!
BIG 21, and is just the beginning ;
10 and a half hours later the gps says we're 20 minutes out.
It's said that for the past 40 minutes.
the orphan or the magician?
I'm Still getting some messages about those tweets People are getting They are NOT coming from my Twitter Acct .
My voice
readathon dinner is mozzarella sticks and homemade ranch.
Each time I make it, it's better and better!
u knw u gt a family discount crazy
rock on mister Piven!
hopefully someday I will be able to accomplish the awesomeness that you have.
My night has been made.
Great night with the boyfriend.
:
The NEWEST EP was great!
Keep it that way!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Chris...your present will be tomorrow with a win over the Grizzles.
Good luck in the game .
Let's go up 31
Bros im bored
So has anyone ever had one of those days where they want to doctornk ..
But can't ..Because of school ..
But still do!?
These bills are kicking my ass, I feel like North Star Credit Union and Bank of America's B.I.T.C.H
what about lack of institutional control.
Oklahoma was cited for criminality in the 80'.
Phoenix Mercury beat visiting Silver Stars 8781.
thanks!
:D will do
I will god hurt my feelings for a sec dont be so mean lol
I'm not sure I buy the line I can't really see this image.
Of course!
You rock!
Working long hours in NC.
Three days to go before seeing my family.
To anyone who may have arrived at 5:30 at grays lake, sorry I was running late but I'm here now.
Upper level concession stand.
RT : Creating a blog or freelancing can given you a great living body of work even beyond a formal internship.
I wish heels didn't hurt!
My feet are starting to kill me 
Psychology tried to ruin the zodiac for me, but I still read my horoscope daily and I trust the stars 
Thanks, babe.
Hope you're having a nice weekend!
Can we be friends ?
I want your shins :
Not a bad first half.
I'm always grumpy after a nap.
happy birthday sir
Time to start the annual tradition of pretending these Christmas decorations aren't here.
Getting my hair cut short this afternoon, e I'm scared!.
Haha that's awesome
.
again says that CFB had provided him invaluable academic experiences.
contact us at
sweaty bea wait
yeah after you said that i put mine in my pocket lol
Really wana go to the gym saturday who up with it ?
You know when you've gone for a girl who's abit too young when you've got to make the train noise to get your Ck in her mouth
Hah.
So proud of you guys out there doing your thing.
Have fun, good luck!
: First nonEnglish developer Pawel Skuza very important to development of Koha
I aint talkin bout nothin with a flow so disgutin.
Ashtray by me that I gotta dump my guts in.
Need substance, feed it to the public.
Wondering what people did before there was google???
great job Ashley
Wish I was goin to the beach party with my cheese penis roommates.
Instead I'm freezing my nuts off in chicago.
good ole Florida lol
41382 Shreveport Ted Dibiase  mister Olympia win MS tag belts from mister Wrestling II  Tiger Conway Jr.
Does anyone know of a way to link my google calendar to my outlook calendar on a mac?
Exactly this.
RT This morning has felt like a day in and of itself.
Me too.
RT I love everything about
Cake break
ready for snow and cold to go away
Lolz yesterday u got ur braces off nd today my other friend austin peteron got his taken off lolz creepy!!!
nd ur both cute!!!
Obstructing traffic my ass.
Longboards are built for the road!
Not a fockin sidewalk.
Lets go ahead and stack up all the fucks i give about this topic...
Lauren, I'm seriously trying so hard not to, but once he says he's getting on the plane I'm gonna break down and just cry/3
Old School Sound on your iPad, BeatBlaster HiFi  Old School Cool is back
wait would you guys enjoy a cover of i wont give up?
because it's what i'm doing.
So, you're alive, right?

thank you
you are my savior.
I did call your cell.
I felt the need to check on my friend who is writing the next great book from a tiny little club house
what did I do now?
Dot After Cardigan!
I promise my life is really exciting...
Woo Hoo!
RT : in downtown Greensboro!
We'll have all you need to celebrate  cupcakes, banana pudding  more!
no sorry
unplanned days in most cases lead to no sales
Yep, great to have coffee with you!
Photo shoot comin soon with new member !
I love my best friend 
Did you text back..
Last day of summer, how depressing : School starts tomorrow, time to go back to reality.
Having your anticorruption compliance program and risk assessment reviewed by an independent expert is a wise move!
why does twitter say you don't exist ?
Esh :/
you could be here with me bitching robert
C'MON!
It's tmoneytuesday and I'm just doin me!!
How was Cali?
yeah you are.
Go crew!
Get ready for FacebookTimeline!
Big changes...
Grey goose Redbulls!
Patron Shots!
Jack  Coke!
Adioses!
Long Islands!
Jger Bombers!
Mailbu pineapple!
Only 4 All Night !
RT : on sale at !!!
Happy Valentines day to me:
RT : Thanks for the RT.
Authors, please check out SPAN for a wealth of helpful info.
what a good bday present  take back control of the series
So psyched that I saw you all!
It was totally random that I was there at the right time.
Have a fantastic ride!
Hello!
:b RT : preciate that man, and is his name.
frozen yogurt tomorrow?
I get off work at 6.
Stalking is such a strong word...
i prefer Intense Research of an Individual
All of s Haters are there
thanks for the tweet we are happy to have you!
Thank you for the support!
Hey all, let's all give a warm Twitter welcome to !
Looking forward to their tweets, we love working there!
I bet!
They just seem like polar opposites to me.
Kinda like if there was a Knitting  Dirtbikes magazine.
:
thank you bite sized twix for making my afternoon....
if only you were human sized and zero calories..
chillin with in a lil, you?
Got the house to myself tonight..
yolo ybfoteo ya best friend only turns eighteen once
Just doctorpped Tiara , jasmine Jackie and Christina at prom .
only twitter name I know in that group .
xD
Recording of the new CD is coming along great.
if you never been to the U.K.
then know they speak a different English.
Its not weather its Enviroment March 21 began SUMMER.
good day so far lol please follow me i follow back love you
I love that song!
lmao happy for??
Friends should not let friends take bathroom pics and post them on social media websites!
PERIOD!
New comment on the site: Lay off the meth Jason, it's making your reviews ramble and yaw like garbage spewing from the mouth of a child.
Theres a whole seen devoted to this topic.
Hank wears a wedding ring
I love my job.
The travel is worth it a thousand times over.
you!
You!
You!
Don't ignore me ; I messaged you on facebook message back!
3
Yey dancing on ice :D
Give 1 or 5 a try and let us know what you think of them.
Best of luck with your pub crawl event.
I wouldn't mind getting back at you, but that would be pathetic like you.
We are playing this Friday at Circle A in Riverwest with Busybodies.
A twoband show.
Busting out another new song most likely.
Come out!
RT if you like Jacob Latimore
gotta be a rumor.
Will walk over and ask.
Hidden people of North Korea b/c of the Orphanmaster's Son.
It's North Korean weirdness this week.
the black scourge is coming!
Wats hannin ...were all the ratchets be at lol
wow that for the ff Somehow your name being about design makes it like an award :
BURGUNDY is hot fall fashion color this year  flatters most.
MIDNIGHT BLUE too  great for all occasions.
Try something different!
I can hear a teriyaki burger sizzling with your name on it.
Marrrkkk...Maaaarrrkkk...
Your business portrait says more about you than you think!
We can make you look great!
my friends house off Columbia apparently you have to have a residents pass after five I think you're fine in e lots
Pole dancing classes are just as bad as books on how to suck cock.
Late Night Snack Sabra Classic Hummus W/ Pretzel Crisps, O Water Wild Berry

I live in SE with 3 other guys in a house thats falling apart around us.
I'm so Portlandia.
The things we do for the clients we love!
Thunder vs.
Lal, ie the series in which blazer fans want neither team to win.
Hit me up some time so we can chill 214 3647005
Hey!
I worked hard for those votes!
That doesn't mean I deserve less!
Happy Birthday: Fenway Park turns 100 years old  USA TODAY
Me too.
Love to stand on our little porch and watch the storm roll in.
In what, Aladdin?
He delivers the line, bad in both :
i said whoever YOU want to come...
Watching America's Got Talent.
Love this crazy show!
RT Was Awesome!!
what bout urs?
HOW WAS UR HOLIDAY??
Leaving the gym and going shopping.
:
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Gotye!!
Such an original artist that no song sounds the same.
Making a cat food run.
Not as fun as a library run, but the bag weigh less.
On my way to Emagine Theatre in Novi with for Superman birthday party!
Long overdue stock market rally.
Dow 10,000 is a key level.
1 options trader.
Isn't Keynote great?
It's all about the video!
And yes did a great job as did you!
Loved hearing your 6 tips!
An electric car charging station was just installed at my library!!
Super cool!
Yay!
: sounds awesome!
RT : Great stuff!
Fine over here my Flyers won a playoff series  I got some relaxation in.
If you have the chance to come visit me in Dallas, we will take you there!
The pizza is awesome!
Apparently I'm headed into the teeth of the NY Giants victory parade.
The effrontery!
And this is why I heart you.
Carry on.
RT New!!
Post baby curves FTW.
Those boobs and hips destroy me.
The only thing that can stop is you zumiez employee
Yes, Scott and I talked a couple of times.
Thanks!
Hope all is well with you!
Awesome tune!
Ha...Yes...But would have been better if I had got it going earlier...
Loves how much people lack having any faith in me at all.
oh hell yes 3
Thanks Daryl.
We enjoy the work, no 2 projects are ever the same.
OHMIGOD WTF IT'S NOT ME.

remember to log your times in Freshbooks!
Sent via
hm wat a fuckin life we live
hope u feel better soon!
Waiting on line at the 5 haircut place is a way of telling the world not only am I patient but I don't wanna get laid.
a good night talking to voters!
Fact is stranger than fiction.
I got yelled at by my 3 year old daughter for turning in the lights when I came home!
Lol
RT Unfortunately don't get to go to the white house guess I'll make the trip next year ; Gotta get through the pack 1st!
:
Poochinis  Peticures begins in 1/2 hour!
See you tonight between 68pm at Lofty Dog!
Benefits Cocker Spaniel Rescue of Austin.
Having the HUGEST PERFECT RUSH MOMENT right now.
Thank you, 107.7 The Bone.
Life is not about making others happy.
Life is about sharing your happiness with others.
Posted by Tom under saving on coffee 1 Comment 
Just a flash in the pan and a has been.
They would love to take some of Melo's shots.
Did anyone ever watch blues clues?
I used to love that show :
the 22nd!
Opening for plea!
Seriously considering getting rid of my home phone service.
Too many calls.
So disruptive.
Must start conveniently leaving it off the hook.
really, Beauty and the Beast is my favorite it was on yesterday, can u believe i have never watched Aladdin?
Hello.......
Good morning
Grabbing me something to eat from chickfila
When does the coyote howl again?
Can't wait to see Nicks new hair!!!: Love you both!!
people love when media tells people what they have to say.
Damned if they do damned if they don't
EVERYONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
GO FOLOW WERE SO CLOSE TO 2,000 SO CLOSE!!
GO FOLLOW BEFORE I UNFOLLOW U!
Work al day..gettin that dinero 
sorry had an following limit and had to unfollow some people and plus u werent following me
u got some sick ass beats!
I knew you were tweeting while talking!!!!
I am definitely thinking evening.
Maybe 7 or 8.
I'd like to do it at least once a week.
That would have been perfection, but I'll take it anyways haha
Metal mania on vhi isn't horrible!
when you look at somebody do you judge them and think they are wired and crazy.well maybe that is what ppl are say about you.so don't judge
Torch awards for markeplace ethics today.
by B...Congrats to nominees!

U up for following us?
We sure hope so!
is that the best msnbc can do?
If u got the new Newyork edition Jordan 4s Fo way under 100 and u got em already n u not in Newyork ur js came from a China sweatshop!!
Fake
The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show 2nite 7pm est on.www.blaze.wwradio.net f/ and Butta
Ha!
That means I am ripping off the 60 game companies.
If single player runs 10 hours...it takes me 20.
Plus multiplayer
5 months till my lease is up, going to have a plan, take my time to look for exactly what I want so I will be prepared  have a smooth move!
so sad!!!!!
I'll have to find you one while I'm in NYC!
what is wrong chicka
Great job in controlaltcompete here at
Rihanna Skips Peoples Choice Awards for Clippers Game 
FOOTBALL FOOTBALL FOOTBALL
They don't want anyone to know where he is, yet make it SO obvious where he is w/ the police escort  parade of cars.
Glee performers sang the Valerie song last night.
feelin' special :
So proud of Nate for peeing in the pot...the potty training begins
I don't know why the Liberals are so worried about their agenda being defeated.
The Bible teaches that men shall wax worse n worse.
2Tim3:13
Thanks Crystal!
You too!
Where is the best place for a margarita in ABQ?
COME VISIT US TODAY!!!
OPEN TIL 7PM!!
sounds god
I'm on the way
love my gifts you absolute doll : send me pictures soon beautiful
I like a man who takes charge!
Some have inquired as to the secret of my oratory acumen.
It is this: I debate myself in the fashion of Lincoln and Douglas...
I'm gonna smile cause I deserve to.
hahaha I feel really stupid I didn't get that :p
please pretty please follow me3
We have disabled access to the website from IE versions less than IE9.
We hope to bring it back after fixing the bugs.
are you sure you didn't just invite up there so his shirt would keep your son's attention while you were talking?!
Lol
Lakers just need to come back and play harder next game.
That's all.
Done caring.
all I have is his 
My first galette since leaving France  amazing.
law of attraction!
xoxo
Israeli ministers: Election won't affect Iran  CBS News
RT : Only Natural Pet Store Tennis Balls 5Pack: Don t EVER make the mistake of buying tennis balls from a pet tennis......
I love the Orioles.
Always have, always will.
But I dont understand how some of you are so excited for OpeningDay.
They are going to suck!
Dedicated Server or Secure High Availability VPS, which would you choose?
Anointed By God tho
have audition lessons jn my room about 1x/wk  really like to see clear objective product at end  where they would go frm there
How much is ATT going to pillage me for a 1min call to Canada without an international calling plan?
I have never been so stymied by a bug before.
Holy crap.
Our passport office has received over 1,000 passport applications!
Were you one of them?
Will you be one of the next 1,000?
Jean 'Moebius' Giraud, R.I.P.
Thanks to the late, lamented Epic Comics for introducing me to his work in the 80s.
Libraries are a record and a source of innovation!
checking out the Tweets...
Well they did it.
I got revenge, early birthday wish, and the Caps move on to the East semifinals.
Bye Rangers!
omgg I always imagine that too!
Who wants my 2,000 tweet?!
I've missed talking to you!!
I need to stop sleeping w/ my glasses on.
Idk where they are now.
RT : Being black doesn't make you a bad person.
It just increases the chances.
calvinjohnson might be the best nfl player regardless of position...
Doing research on Pig's Trotters.
Librarians, any good search tips for food history and origin?
Man..
I wanna smoke nbs..
wats good on a late nite session?
lol
Ouch.
The grammar on signs and in the newspaper is one of the bigger disappointments in Muncie.
That, and the civil engineering.
please ask your followers to add me.
Would greatly be appreciated!
I'm great, thanks for asking.
What did you get your mba in?
bring it home if there is a white Michael Kors watch in there.
Actually super obsessed with 's boyfriend song
Just followed Amex  is this a good idea?
Epic Theater 's MACBETH starring Ty Jones SMASH is the NYC MUST SEE SHOW  For Free Tickets contact  follow 
went to summer camp in Zachery.
u did revivals in my hometown.
Do you hear from Bro.
Jimmy since he left?
Did you know: Martin Flyer uses 95 platinum in our engagement rings?
early.
Can't wait/would love to see the resulting photo...
RT : brokeniggastatement take me 2 walmart get some dickies b4 we hit the club LMFAO W.O.R.D.
''Silly phone, that wasn't a missed call.
That was a I looked and saw who it was and pressed ignore call.
Why did big sean followed me!!
To happy right now
I minister tonight and I know God is already doing big things for tonight...
How many could say AMEN!
God bless and pray for me!
Busy busy!
Hope to see you!
Insane Producer, whilst standing next to a full water cooler, Why don't we have any water?!
I am away from my phone but please leave me a voice or text message.
Thanks
event planning company names
Such a crazy day for football.
Watching Hannah Montana.
: Today we remember Gene Roddenberry of on what would have been his 90th birthday.
TBG RT  a visionary!
did u not play in the NYC tourney?
PSN is what I play Bc of the big tourneys
are you in minneapolis?
what is the knitting scene like?
Happy birthday Star Wars!!!
Follow Friday.
Trying to write my final paper for Asian Philosophies...
Can I please just graduate college already?
I'll hold out hope that NBC will put The Office out of it's misery after next year.
ladies, you are breaking my heart.
Actually, I'm laughing inside
how many know?
not much hoping to get more pics for our collage.
Have you heard about it?
Don't Pull the thang out.
Unless you prepared to BANG!
Good adviceespecially for the stuff with fish in it.
What all are you putting in your kimchi at the moment?
I wish, I have to work :
So is PayPal completely non user friendly now?
Makes me never want to use it!
guy friends will always be guy friends and never more than that
I don't know what that is nor do I care to find out.
Re: Diablo 3
Just kidding.
and where oh where have YOU been!?!
: how are you!!
I had sex with Harry Styles because he wanted me...
Me likey.
and laundoctor while we're at it..
YOU GUYS ARE INCREDIBLE!
loved every album
Why does FIFA 12 come out the day I leave for basic?
Smh
is your sister coming into town or are we going down to occupy denver and beating up hippies?
i'm confused :P
Black Heart by not mentioned yet.
Great series end.
domo I just don't like it.
It don't fit me lol.
But I was just seeing if you knew a place that delt with phones.
That random text last night
Whoa that was close
sweet doctorams :
I just wannabe successful.
RealTalk ...
dyed my hair lighter !
you will!!
Cocktails with CIO's and helping young rising tech stars at techbash11 on 11/15 hosted by
Two words: Hall and Oates.
I'm following you so write something meaningful.
condolence to the friends and family of Smoking Joe Frazier, a great man who help make Ali the greatest.
Get out at 11:30 after exams.
Religion and algebra.
Thanks for recommending us to hope he'll stop by while in Chicago.
Great day for some Diddy Kong racing
Some mf's are nobueno what so ever..
simple minded asses...
That sounds fantastic!
Would love to set up time soon to Skype meet since you're a member of the family now too
I don't even know why people think this movie is scary
Anyone have tips on getting your twitter feed a little more organized?
Fuck Chicago, shout outs to L.A be there n aug ,
I've been watching that alleluia
My greatest accomplishmentMY CHILdoctorN!
thanks for the shout out!
that's what I am talking about!
Me too.
nah feeling lazeeeeh
omg im so ashaemd
I hope you're feeling better.
Seeing Nick Passio play Shoulder to the Wheel the other night at Geoff Rickly's show really made me wanna see
I'm pretty sure we just went through like 30 songs......
I want one too!
:
Living the doctoram: We Love You, Dash
Thanks for the follow , , , Glad we can share our passion together here :
RT if you'd rather be shopping!
What store will you be visiting?
Great, knowledgeable staff, very friendly environment!!!
thank you Farrell.
We appreciate you saying so!
getting probably enough money to get you there and back one day
worth it : we are going to hurt tomorrow
Pass I don't see it for what ever reason.
Bjrnshauge:Already 10 yrs of hard work on OA, but can we really make it work thru global collaboration  building infrastructure?
I hope its nice out!
Being president is a bad role model?
I guess having a mommy with no brains is.
Oh look daughter has no brains either
latin: micare, to glitter.
Well, I think it's that and electoral college and Post Past the ..winner takes all.
There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly.
Margaret Fuller
: Girls always ask where are all the good guys at?
they're in the friend zone where you left them.
amen bro!
MirrorSleeves reached 400 fans on Facebook today!
Awesome!
If you have not joined us on FB yet, please LIKE us...
brain melt.
work overload.
Yet extremely happy about the accomplishments I've made today, this week, this year, and throughout college.
3
yo this is hot if yall need beats let me know yall got some heat on yall if yall want to do a track togetherwe can
KentUcky smashes that lineup in December.
Do you have a charity benefit, fundoctoriser or giving event coming up?
Use the hashtag givebackDetroit to let tweeps know!
The Weather Channel greenlit a new documentary series Hurricane Hunters about pilots who fly into the massive storms for meteorological d
have you tried to get tickets?
We should try to go
SignsAFightBout2Breakout When Someone Pulls Out There Phone
please follow :
yay but dont get me mixed up with a polar bear theres no diffrence because i finally got to go outside today angels hermonica
I would rather host The Last Supper in my asshole than watch another week of
I'm full of bad today!
tight skinies and if u have a half hang off tee wear it!
Kathy thanks for following  I returned the favor.
Great wine this weekend but I would die for 1 of your cupcakes!
There's some heavy mix tape nostalgia and name doctorpping going on...
I didn't say that u said you didn't like him
That awkward moment when you wake up and your dog is licking your face and you think it's your boyfriend.....
It's a GREAT NAME!
What is your middle name??
Can u guess mine???
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world.
It's the only thing that ever has.
Margaret Mead
Success is a staircase, not a doorway.
In another life I could be ur girl keep th promises we made be us gainst the world in nother life u would staywouldn't be th 1 who got away
Happy Monday!
Bindery Workers Job Description
I like old names.
Omg.
My poor future childoctorn.
How many runners was it?
Hope you had a good one.
Looks like we all had a busy weekend.
One last Happy Mom's Day Miz Jen!!!
Sorting through piles of emails
A Michael C.
Hall fan!
:
I hear great things about and know a few ppl who are involved.
That's cool!
it funny how im the bad guy lol but i dont get a fucc do you boo boo lol
A Veteran's Death, the Nation's Shame
Having a good day :
Trying to figure out what to do for my boyfriend's birthday on the 20th.
It's the same day as the NATO summit so...go to a protest?
just bc your a perv doesn't mean I'm one...I get more than my fair share hon
Thanks for climbing aboard!
'cuz we can: dogfooded a little Twitter Bootstrap app on Pantheon to help users verify their DNS settings:...
who?
and whats up come out tonight mondoctoran then haven
At the White Rabbit getting set up for my show, go on at 10...come on down!!!
Formal starts at 7pm!
Enter through the main door on the west side of the stadium  you will be directed to the proper room!
See ya there!!!
Working on FAFSA issue with a client.
Sleepover with next week eh?
i spent half the day in handcuffs....
That is what we love to hear, Emily!
We hope to see you again soon.
What was your favorite thing about San Francisco?
chocolate doctoram.
LANDSCAPES is the theme for May Photo Contest.
Please submit your best landscape photo to !
I'm kind of wishing NHL's Brendan Shanahan would take a few lessons from him.
That movie makes my heart hurt.
: Libra men can give you best of both worlds.
What else can you ask for?
hahahahahahahaha that flipping made my day.
We'll see if is going to ; hahahahaha cause eeryone else is ;
Be loud, let your colors show
Time to shower 
Filmed our 3rd short this weekend, which means one things.
Blowout wrap party for our first 3 films!!!
Details coming soon.
I have tea in the morning rather than coffee.
Coffee shouts, Wake up!
Tea just suggests it in a calm, civilized tone.
sorry to hear you had a rough weekend.
1 kid with lots o' homework and 1 sick kid here.
You forgot to mention the two MOST POPULAR films made for CMF, AFRO THUNDA  MAN CRUSH which are ALSO going to CANNES.
I'm not
Awesome motivation technique you haz
If you are a blogger and use wordpress, please please please use categories and tags, they are there for a reason.
Be sure to stop by the Terracotta booth.
Eric Mizell will be there.
SometimesAllAGirlWants Is the D 
take the battery out and hide it somewhere
Steve Blank talking about startups at !
I'll find something for you to carry.
Happy TUESDAY!
: Have a gorgeous day!
We have much to do together, Let us do it in wisdom and love and joy..Let us make this the human experience  Gary Zukav
Dont be totally woried about everything that's going around you it's my job God
Gemini is the best sign ever!
If your a Gemini RT this and follow me.ill damn sure follow you cause I'm
finishin up my project ..u??
Sad but true observation: Modern technology owes ecology an apology.
Alan M.
Eddison
You been looking places?
what other thing would we be doing but raging?
Prospects who receive nurturing emails have a likelihood of responding increase by 3.5 percent.
I am good, just chilling with my brothers watching the games!
Where u watching the games at?
um thanks for texting me back!!
I'm thinking they are frustrated disc jockeys...
Or just really annoying and don't realize it yet.
:
The fact that he puts up with my stubborn ass
Madoctord doctorp another 2!
Given the inevitable Barca April Clsico win that is an effective 3 point lead with 9 remaining games.
Vamos Bara!
I did.
Autocorrect strikes again
I still don't know who Tyler the Creator is
It's a special brand of cruelty to take a beer geek to a brew pub for lunch  disallow alcohol consumption.
I miss my parents 
Good luck on finals this week, Jags!
Well, heck.
If that doesn't do it, nothing will.
This hoe fat
Aramis Ramirez is terrible.
Cut him.
Why try to water plants  u know damn well its nothing u can do with that dead as plant.
Boys are like plants they won't grow..
up
Shout out to my friend Justin Osmond:
Social Media is NO LONGER for amateurs  today the audience is much more savvy  not worth risking your brand to save a buck...
There are pleasures that take a long time and virtues that require discipline and difficulty.
brian mclaren
After a while all the fun seems to die .
Closer and closer to your last day
Louisville surprising early shooting three and offensive rebounding better than expected
My mom semt me four boxes of Freihofers chocolate chip cookies.
Amazing how good cookies from a box can be,
sacramento What do you mean I have a great name?
YOU have an awesome name!
just admitted that he used to bark back in the day when DMX would come on at parties.
' Why do you hate me?
Is it because I farted that time?
wtf is going on on espn right now...dancing bimbos, a special guest not even a baseball player, and no mention of the WS champs
We could hunt squirrels!
99 sure I saw pedway stalker at my train stop this morning.
BRB, researching where to buy a taser.
Feeling thankful!
Give someone a smile today.
It's contagious.
We love updates from Team Bookin' It!
MT I'm planning my couch to 5k workout routine.
I'm running  raising money for
yo twiggah Guess who's back ?
ya hay twitcam?
:O
I'm loving watching DSOlive today from Washington DC!
Vegas I will be home soon thank god 2011 is over with and hopefully I won't spend the holidays overseas

Lhhh Girl Its Okay.
Lhh Is the legends close to where you and tay stay ?
RFT!
: It's sad.
I give great advice, but can never follow my own words..
Who's coming by for Theory Trivia  7:30?
We've got great doctornk specials like 6 avion margaritas, 4 pacifico  4 victoria doctorfts
what was your favorite goodie in your goodie bag gift you won from our Open House?
Yes.
Real craftsmanship.
about time for lunch...
what's it going to be?
Trying out a new hairstyle every night.
Tonight: casually messy with bangs
yes but I'll knock math as much as I want thank you very much.
I refuse to do that shit anymore
AbdulBahs just sent one of his party to find Corinne True, whose son Davis died last night.
Sorry we missed you!
Thank you so much for sharing our hours with others.
I'd be happy to give you a tour in the future!
noodle candy for the day: In an evolving universe, who stands still moves backwards.
Robert Anton Wilson
u are going sleep
Do install the 3.2 version?
It is much better!
Now you can look for dictionary or translate words on line.
I am getting ready to start my last blog entry for 2011.
It will be published shortly!
:
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
Jim Rohn
have you started yet?!
good morning insomnia!!!
That's a woman in that avi???
Nigga I don't believe you!
ok cool
Yes I can
Thx for the RT and interest!
Daughter is on first day of week long 50 mi hike on a part of Appalachian Trail.
Sent text message.
Modernday version of postcard from home
philosopher Julez it is today.
Hope u have a good day, keep the quotes coming
urghhhh that annoys me so much!
AB
doctornking beers  looking 4 hugs at w/
It's going well!
When are you guys coming to visit us?
It's time for a visit.
SportingKC will knock the LAgalaxy out of this orbit.
inside Or Outside Ur Body!!..
you're one in a 3 billion!
Loved that book.
SOS??
I went in there Wednesday and pulled 52 and they were on 50!!!
Sad to say one of the best moments of my week??
Erica is shaving her legs.
This should be a day marked in history.
Are you up late...or early?
Isn't it already Wednesday where you are?
Not getting painting done...
15 days till spring break, 3
Psst..just heard the Blellow API is in final testing  will be open to a few developers in the next few days...want in?
Let us know!
yes.
That is the luck I have.
Don't allow your wounds to turn you into a person you are not  because who you are is awesome.
Advice to self: Don't tweet angry.
Wait til you can tweet it funny, which may be a long enough time for the radioactive poison to work.
Insane leglise blubber talkObama
a Centrist becomes a bit radical in the face of extremes, something with which the radical left and TP agenda is familiar.
It shouldn't have been that close.
The offense dug the hole, but the offense got them out, too.
Well done.
I feel better now RT : RT : Boredom tun up
Shout out to bright, personable, and patient young lead sales consultant Maurice Mack at ATT Dearborn, MI Store!
A KEEPER
was it good?
Baby you should let me love you
She needa get her a piece of american pie and take her a bite out, that's my house, I'll disconnect the cable and turn the lights out.
But don't get their strategy in picking the 1st 2 singles.
Not my choice, think the ones that weren't considered are the gems
Good morning everyone.GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
Np bro..
I thank you and Evan and everyone for gettin this thing together, its honestly the most fun i have had in years.
Muscles are so sore!!
just the way I like it
RT : FREE IndieChicksAnthology stories about love marriage kids doctorams writing Sneak peeks in 25 novels...
2 MUSTREAD books, both by Energy Bus and Training Camp.
These are great resources 4 Coaches, Business, Teams  LIFE!
Ill be in Texas in May
I love a good challenge :o RT o/ its challenging...but fun!
:D
Aw, the customer from Saturday called to tell me how much they liked the aircraft carrier cake!
Can't wait to see tomorrow!
I don't have that kinda time player.
Awesome new local San Francisco band w/a a great sound New Diplomat...
check out www.newdiplomat.net
I don't do african boys , they crazy lol .
Amazing win tonight for the Mavs!!!
Rise and shine it's seminar time then road trippin
Been Havin A Gud Birthday Week..2 Parties Down/2 More To Go Thanx Ta Everybody Who Been Rollin Wit Me....We Live This Weekend!!Breeze DTA
Best man date ever!!
From what i remember...
RT : Man date on sweetest day with !!!
you should put your logo and make the page less scary and more ppl friendly
Hope school tomorrow goes better than Sat...
I made the mistake of discovering darkchocolate Reese's cups.
Goodbye to my fit, slender body.
its fun talking to you;
follow me...
Belieber always..
Thank you!
Less then 6 hours...
Joke?
What joke?
I dont know about Cookie Dough vodka :X But Three Olives Fluffed is great with some hot chocolate.
Yummy!
Enjoyed helping my Mom navigate Linkedin.
After 16 years teaching she is looking for a new career.
Come to beer and blog tonight...
46  green doctorgon.
FF is the City of Philadelphia's art/culture/creative officea great place to check out for arts news and resources.
Nosebleeds are gross.
hahaha i'll do my best!
thanks!
happy birthday!!
Wish I could go to Ukraine...
right about now...
Jordan stayed and built a winner after he couldn't get past Isaiah and the Pistons.
LeBron jumped ship to Miami
I La La LOVE Snooki :
New post: Peter Cellars  a fun family winery
yes it will!
Can't sleep.
No one to talk to :/
i killed a man once for saying that was the best band ever
Circle your right foot clockwise and doctorw a 6 in the air with your right finger...can you keep your foot heading in a clockwise direction?
kicks off tomorrow!
Join us at Steny's st 5 for a firkin tapping of Maker's Demise along with 5 other beers!
o DAE wear sunglasses on Rock'N Rollercoaster to keep tears from streaming from their face?
The team at MacSpeakers had a great week.
We're off to a good start this year and off for the weekend!
Going to 30A tomorrow with Cuz Karen and friend Denise.
Have to pack a lot of beach into 48 hours.
Yo...Josh killed that ish on Idol damn brotha the godfather heard that!!!
just got asked out on a date by a stranger selling tickets.
i'm almost flattered.
ha
Good Morning everyone!
Happy Monday!
:
I'm a reporter with SD union tribune, working on story re St.
Jude Academy closing its doors.
Would like to do interview.
Erica you're a hashtag pro!
Kelli I think you're rightmy tweets were top secret!
Btw I'm a genius who can't go to the game bc I bought tickets not thinkin about my final exam tomorrow at 6pm.
that's a great idea, short ones or really short one?
might I suggest that you move your Google calender on blogspot somewhere else, it is getting in the way of your articles
dude same here.
i have enough hershey kisses to feed all of the childoctorn in Africa
Make Koney famous
great seeing you at vtr!
and I thought of one more doctornk for the OU bar  hot nut shots from Tonys!
dayuuuuum!!!!
You're my hero!
Bringin lightskinned cats back in style?!
Lol...
We did it!
21 over our original goal, we successfully funded God of Blades through Thank you ALL who have helped us get here!
Um Heck Yea!!!
Can't wait to hear it Werrrrrrrd
Big win!!
We're at Community Health Network at 7330 Shadeland Station.
111 for lunch.
woo!
Happy Birthday Kenny!!
MissYouBoth haha
FHA buyers....please understand....you must put in many offers to get one accepted.
RIPMCA my favorite Beastie Boys song : professorssor Booty
We are having a assembly and I might have it a lill longer
Read your post on the 311 App, if you really want to understand our selection process I would be happy to talk to you.
hahaha, i just got your tweet .
Watching Judy Garland movies....I love TCM...
Emotional ass episode.
Got me leakin haha.
When I try to sleep its never the dog OR the train.
Its the dog AND then the train, or the train AND then the dog.
Double noise.
:
Sustainable businesses need 'em.
Kid in my class today came up with a comic about Mine Craft Mom
green eggs and kane
Adversity is the foundation of virtue.
Japanese proverb
It's my dads bday tomorrow...looks like a celebration all weekend!
This a really good game
I'm sitting at work watching suspect shit go down?
Or is there such thing as pregnancy paranoia?
Tobe  Are you prepared to make the leap from customer service to customer experience?
Just opened Pinterest to find my boards covered with CATS!
NYPL, what are you doing to me!?!
owned NeverSayNeverDVD for 3 days, watched it 3 times..
3 for 3..
should we watch it again?
STATE COLLEGE, Pa.
Penn State provides more than 5.5 million in payments and benefits to Paterno estate.
Thank you for your support!
Friday's w/Krystal in LONG ISLAND  Eisenhower Park in East Meadow Nassau County 2:00pm  3:30pm
Justin Bieber Mouse Cursor ?
Oh yus 3
If you feel a model who makes 1.8 mil needs child support then you must feel a woman's place in in the kitchen.
It is 2012, not 1955
FRESH NEW STICKY NUGPORN DANK IN: Royal Purple, 619 OG, Lemon Kush, Shaman, Plane Wreck, Super Berry Queen Hash  more WEEDMAPS.com Enjoy ;
Holy neatness!!
You guys make such a great couple 3
NEED A CUT OR COLOR BEFORE THE HOLIDAYS!?
We have openings today, call for a spot between 1:006:00 PM / CALL 2529522
Just finished interviewing Julianne Yates of Gallery Heist for Culturcosm.
Now or Never indeed!
Inspiring.
I am not sure what I am doing here yet....when I figure it out I will let you know....and write something insanely provocative.
Instead, we invite you to join artistic director Jonathan Miller and ensemble member Trevor Mitchell for postconcert chats!
Rx denial recently happened to my mother after her insurance comp made her switch from local pharmacist.
I want to lay out in the rain and take a nap.
is cracking!!!!!
HR pros apparently take their bingo very seriously.
It's down home nite at
That big gap is why promotionrelegation HAS to exist in England.
Not MLS.
RT : of course there's big gap.Why root for that?
i was kicking the walls  cracked it
trump now throwing all those voters he didn't have behind romney.
I'm sleepy  I want to be back in my boyfriend's bed.
Sigh.
happy birthday to Bella, and 3
wishing you lived in the LA area so you could win a date with austin.
Omg!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
CongratsChariceKCA congratulations chasters!!!!!i love u all!!!mmmmwahhh!!!
thanks!
glad you liked it!
hahah every time one of his movies comes out my mom makes me see it with her
is looking for your help: Contact Congress show support to pass The Do Not Track Kids Act of 2011
Hoping today bears no resemblance to yesterday.
: Thanks Neil!
We'll be there!
nice catch!
ps.
You can follow joe
Now time to watch Masters and do IPL4
guess why I smile?...
Cuz it's worth it.
I been good I had a son..
And im about to graduate and go to hair school
I believe DA asked her to declare law had not been published, but she declined to rule, saying she wants to hear more testimony/args.
Just cleaned the whole house
Note: tweeting Gort, klaatu barada nikto is NOT the same as speaking it.
Please, you guys, this is kind of important.
Getting ready for yet ANOTHER job interview.
I am on a roll!
Open for Friday booze train.
Win Allison and Angie Thompson are your party engineers.
.
the first one's free...
; but seriously, I don't say nice things, but I do say true things...
awesome come to mexico please
What if we traded asphalt jungles for grassphalt jungles?
That's happening.
One September day each year, on National Park Day.
says the hubby with a sp.
lol doing well!
You missed no chemical soup night.
Lol
yeah man how doing
They ask me often do you ever stop ?
ME: NO..
They ask me will you ever slow down ?
Me: NEVER ..
RT I wonder if it's too hot in the bayou to wear that Fonzie fur jacket had when he was here in march.
Get Slim for only 50 during at Adara!
50 min Arasys Inch Loss and our Slimming Package for only 50!
Lose Inches  Fat!!!
Vancouver seems inoffensive  if a bit bland  these days.
me too!
How did this day fly by so fast!?
;
Easy Listening
Smithsonian Mobile Open Welcome Wednesday booked solid!
Watching the news then off to zumba!
Workshop attendees, full day workshops start at 9 am and half day workshops start at 8:30 am.
Don't miss any of the great content.
Coming to school on a pointless day 
I have tried simply to write the best I can.
Sometimes I have good luck and write better than I can.
Hemingway
thanks for textin back :P
According to the U.S.
Census Bureau, Neck ties are the 1 gift for Father's Day.
haha where do we get those!?
Finish boys don't let up
The Lucky One was such a cute movie.
Ace Ventura is one of those retarded but classic movies
sure  email me from the link in the posting!
ilikedyouuntill you took me to a Jonas Brothers concert
ahh I haven't been on twitter but I'm saying a prayer tonight!
So glad he's okay
Down 5 with 5 to play.
Lets go Toppers!
Court this week, finally will be off bond and get my 1k back, hopefully just a diversion for everything, or else my career is FUCKED.
Been watching the total gym program for about twenty minutes now..
you're nice :PP
thanks for the follow.
I may have to change this acct again, because everyone's a private eye in this place, no anonymity
let's get married lol
I want to fall deeply in love3
I am looking for TEFL teachers in South America.
If you are interested in being interviewed as a TEFL teacher, then message me...
Hi Sharon!
It's great to connect.
what stakes is the mix game?
yeaa whos gonna take over tuesday
nowfollowing an abstract artists from Ohio might feature you.
nice story, Jesse.
I was wondering why you were at a Snappers game the other night, now it all makes sense
The montessori method is interesting in this regard.
There are three age groups together in the same classroom
What's good in Atlanta on a Sunday?
love a little hip hop in the morning!
however, you wrote
them socks is hot!
RT : You're doing an awful lot of tweeting about the Cardinal for a Herald alum I love all my student news org kids!
Thanks for the RT!
What I learned?
Be happy in your own success, not discouraged by the success of others.
If not, you'll never be satisfied.
NBA needs the MOVL neighborhood at suite level.
Real time fantasy bball and gaming
Hey, how do you make your dice bags looks so nice?
Or is that because they are open?
Is the closed bag inherently scrunchy?
hey how much are you gonna put up for me in the million dollar buy in?
DISLIKE.
And not true.
Quality is key:
Hello, is it cheese you're looking for?
Thanks, same to you!!
hey, I've been wondering how to make lyric videos.
Can you tell me how you made yours?:
Delaware penalty to Paul Tropsa.
2 for tripping.
Oakland to the PP
That's it for me tonight 
Well, Happy Friday to you, Nurse Sallie!
Have a great weekend!
If you don't like something change it; if you can't change it, change the way you think about it.
Mary Engelbreit
I think being friends is safer for me
u said well come little boy
I need to try Pabst Blue Ribbon one of these days.
RT Imagonna take the fact that my timeline won't load is sign from god I need other hobbies.
Tomorrow we gonna bust a sick ass mission!
John: I learned the solo to bohemian rhapsody last night.
What an awesome solo!
And thank you to these new followers also...
!!!
maybe a dumb q but it's all free right ?
: Hey, have you guys announced a CFP for 2012 conference yet?
BoyzOnEllen ....
We need her to see this 
trying contactme and liking it!
I think we found our tool
mediachat  Lets kick it off!
Stranger danger!
So glad to home now I can rest my body
Loving my new job as an Account Representative at What an excellent team of marketers!
going on the river in Portland Oregon, on a new MasterCraft.
I'm one very happy guy after losing my one true love!
April fools.
Haha Im miserable xD Staying optimistic though.
someone's having a liiiittttllleeee too much fun with Instagram.
RT : Now girl I hear it in your voice and how it trembles, when you speak to me I don't resemble who I was.
NEED to see who has STANDARD'S??
does it cost anything after the 99 charge?
Silence is a girl's loudest cry.
When she is silent, there's a million things running around in her head and she is at her breaking point
Conform to what wishes?
All I did was condemn your use of Liberal as a pejorative.
Nowhere in there is any demands.
Unless u r going out to the desert to fast please keep your mouth shut because I dont think Jesus wants to hear that u gave up diet coke.
Woke up
and good time seeing you today, thanks for the doctornks, stay safe in the kville
Getting ready for my concert at GREEN DOLPHIN STREET tonight 77:30pm, half hour set only.
Free pizza  booze 67pm.
Then, Wonder Bar :30
Never let your failures get to your heart,  never let your success get to your head.
Stay humble:
Our animals are so spoiled!
Gato ate breakfast 3x yesterday!
Whatsit??!
Zai talking bout he found a friend on Facebook?
Finally It's Friday
You guys were AMAZING on SNL!
Did I see poke at one point?
haha love you guys.
I think I've been spelling Bahn Mi wrong all week because of that truck...thought it looked wrong.
I'm bringing wine.
Richard Brown: Create conditions for healthy relationships.
Federal judge orders govt to pay 17.8 million to suvivors of University City family killed when military jet destroyed their home.
Thanks for the follow!
Knightstown, huh?
I need a job!
Trinity's Sean Dageforde is hit in the right elbow area to leadoff the B3.
He stays in to run and the Rocks follow w/ two fly ball outs.
If only u could find me a babysitter.
MT Tonite's special: Scallops, Celery Root Puree, Sauteed Apples  Bacon in a Cider Sauce
Remodel of by FluxDesign , slated for install just after Easter!!
Got my musician FaceBook Page up!
Will link it here in a bit...
Artful Expression: Art is not what you see, but what you make others see.
Edward Degas
Ain't they just like monsters?
They come to feed on us, giant little animals.
If I am lost it's only for a little while.
hey every1 I am getting off I am tried  I need 2 think about some things
Gov.
Walker will be recalled and the Dems will take back the Senate on June 5th.
Primary will be May 8th.
Just finished lunch at Gino's East.
Definitely a musthit spot for me in Chicago.
Of course, I have leftovers.
Who wants some pizza?
Congrats to the Future 50!
Looking forward to celebrating your success tonight!
Many clients and friends made the list this year.
I hate how my mom keeps telling me to buy irrelevant items when is coming...
Does she not understand how important this is?!
Haven't you gotten in enough trouble on planes?!
THanks.
Novak is playing now ??
Encouraging myself right now...I am Victorious!!!
South Bend, Indiana......
A place no one between the ages of 13 and 50 should be stuck.
Yet I will find a way to make it work.
BreakThat Single show the top 20 countdown today at 11am1pm PST Indie music artist home of hot singles.
We're heading into overtime!
punt!
24 weeks is tough.
I hope all is well now.
WE GET A LITTLE
I hate chocolate
Fair enough; I agree with that, Richardson just happens to be one of my two sure things this year, AP quality.
a substitute is a private citizen, ulicensed, no contract.
A sub is not a teacher.
Please amend your headline.
Attn ambiguously pregnant women: If you ask for my seat on the subway, I'll get up.
Otherwise I'll assume you're just fat.
I'm just reading all 5 chapters now...
Yikes.
Life is dope and I'm hooked
You're lucky you said that, little one.
Have you been spammed or are you really making 490/day clicking links...?
INSERT INTO famquotes VALUES insert into quotedb values
not allowed: more george clooney:cary grant comparisons
RT : Good discussion about the college paper that named a rape victim after she identified herself at a rally....
Damn you, Bayview, and your parking tickets!!
cc:
There are those who make things happen, those who let things happen and those who wonder what happened.
Who are you?
You are lying between the girl of your doctorams and gay.
You're naked.
Who do you turn back?
If you Believe, it will Happen.
: son is gonna be subject to so many pranks by his father lol Lmaoo!
You know it!
Tell that story at parties
YAY it's the 1st of the month.
Official first name: Latina.
In case you had any doubts about her ethnicity.
In Fla for few days!
Hm sweet hm.
anybody want any free features tell em holla at me.
I got bars fa days
Irondequoit and Sodus locations will be open Saturday if you need us.
Have a great weekend everyone!
Okay, I'll send you a direct message to explain further!
For those of you not aware: I don't sleep.
Like ever.
I average 3 to 4 hours a night of restless,fitfull dozing.
I'm also hyperactive.
You need to pitch that as a script idea.
I smell a rom com greenlight.
Things are looking good.
Keep up the positive attitude!
thanks.
come visit us
I'm suppose to be doing something today Oo ??
Hard to imagine having to step in for Whitney, in this situation, but Jennifer was really really good
We very much appreciate your feedback John!
Welcome to
Gotta make some important decisions soon!
Do I take the Red or Blue Pill?
Tell Morpheus, I need more time!
Were Open MondayFriday from 8am530pm and Saturdays 8am3pm stop by for your annual smog check
To be in your childoctorns memories tomorrow, you have to be in their lives today  Anonymous
Good things about today's lunch: Tasty barbecue.
Bad things: Ballistically befouled by migrating starlings.
DON'T you be holding back your LOVE!
:
Sending out FF's to my girls enjoy y'all wet kiss day and may it lead to an amazing weekend.
Xo :
We are infinitely committed to our clients' needs
Good lord I'm exhausted and there's still 3 mins left in the first half
What will be your contribution to National Honesty Day?
having r 2nd annual film festival 01/28/11.
If u'd like 2 submit a short or a trailer, pls email , its free pls RT
2.I 3 the color green Turn On: When a guy has class Turn Off: When a guys swag is more important then you
Afrolicious was off the hook yet again last night!!
Thanks to Candelaria for bringin' such a tasty blend of styles and the amazing crowd!!!
Have you seen what's going to be in the upcoming estate sale?
Read to a Dog from 3:30 to 4:30.
Have you met our newest 'Read to a Dog' Dog?
If not, stop by and say hello to Bella!
at my mom's church, the pastor was against gay marriage but for Obama.
I really truly love my boyfriend :
voted today for Amundsen LSC.
Great candidates running.
Make sure you go and vote today for high school LSCs!
Listening in...
I will.
Thanks for the iPhone advice.
Oh..I mean certain people follow it, but, some are like Fuck this!
I'm just gonna wear this!
For you bless the righteous,O Lord; you cover him with favor as with a shield.
PSALMS 6:12
why is that awkward?
He's crafty like that.
im cold!
this AC is no joke right now lol
idk I guess after being real sick..
Then I haven't lifted as hard as I have been now
Keep trying : If not I'll bust an all nighter  we'll cam later.
c: ?
Oxy Mo: Audio visual
You do not mess with my girlfriend, family, or friends...
Life lesson 1 for ya!
anytime!
Let me know if I can help learning some of the ropes.
The twitter jargon can be a little difficult at first.
How are you always at Wawa!?!?!
I can't.
Not right now.
lol better to show
I've put off my essay long enough...time to get started...tomorrow ;
my aunt recommended that too.
I guess I'll have to try it.
Gonna buckle down and fix my Facebook fanpage this week...
which is ironic because I am not a fan of facebook.
Top100Lies I didn't tell anyone.

simple, have your husband by calorie offsets from you.
Hey Evan, why isn't the game on BTN?
Thanks to and I'm addicted to twitter!
thanksguys :
Content Is King!
Bring your ideas to reality faster than ever with Twitter.
Let us do the work, you have more time to create the content.
Got That Right!
I love them :
this weather is gorgeous today in Cleveland!!!
no!
As if you're one to talk anyway!
I'm pretty sure yesterday was wednesday.
We all know what that means.
Hahahah
You are the Latina Effect!
Getting schooled on Etta James right now by my Uncle.
Now playing Come A Little Closer album circa 1974.
u still there?
Dont push it dude :p RT : told you I'm cooler than Coors Light lol
I can't believe the greatest QB of all time won't be wearing a horseshoe anymore.
I am outraged over the way you disrespected Judge Karen.
im just letting u know now lol and we can hang before that too :
good company
stop stealing jokes
why is it i get on twitter and all i see on my home page, i see tweets talking about stds and protection????
A jetlagged cherry tree does not blossom.
Hmm...
If you want to unpack that statement for me, I'll buy the coffee.
Man I ain't been on in a min
Thanks for the RT.
GREAT article from Lodging Hospitality.
Is anyone planning on NOT deleting their Google Search History?
who cares if ppl talk about you thats what ppl do get over it UGH
Sometimes people put up walls, not to keep others out, but to see who cares enough to break them down.
One of my favorites.
The Beatles from Liverpool to San Francisco
For some reason, I'm imagining the Brady Bunch theme narrated by Werner Herzog.
It's pretty great.
Got a weird feeling the Knicks step up and win big tonight.
Better team without Amare.
Melo doctorps 40
I Love coconuts!
they also have plenty of electrolytes!
So if you are feeling dehydoctorted,doctornk coconut milk
I'm sure that you could quickly strike up a sponsorship deal with Boots!
I miss my sister, calls her right quick!
That's what we said!
as long as you consider being an Enrique iglesias zombie then we are golden.
2 Record this week is ADELE 21 selling 91,683 soundscan USA National Charts  We report sales, sells, money,
I was watching americasnexttopmodel episodes from 2009, and I saw you on one of the episodes doing the girls makeup,
but overall, if your indie film is plastered with it, usually it's pretty terrible.
Cold weather can hurt your health!
Fighting a stuffy nose?
These essential oils can help: Eucalyptus, TeaTree, Lemon, Thyme  Peppermint
Sure  we'll add that interest soon.
Today's the 35th anniversary of 'Annie Hall.' What is your favorite NY film?
maybe i needa take a twitter break since everyone ignores me anyway.
Fell victim to the Subway cookie trap this morning.
How am I supposed to say no to fresh baked cookies?
SO delicious before 10 am.
Foo Fighters vs.
Deadmau5.
It ends in a tie.
Hulk Hogan is up next to arm wrestle David Grohl.
Each lovely second add up to make a beautiful life.
I miss the Jonas Brothers.
Just applied to THATCamp Virginia 2012.
Hope that I get in!
I just got out of class heading to the bed for a nap talking to a old friend..
If I continuously check my phone while Im out in public alone, no one will think Im a loser.
That guy did not like Michael's joke, or his henway.
I personally think it's sexy when curses in his tweets.
is officially my favorite place to grab a bite...hope they go nationwide...if in Cali, you must try...
welcome n.n!
and thank you c:
congrats fellow SAGAFTRA members!!
one union!!
we did it!!!!
progress !!!!
3
Crime fighting is what I do.
la la la.
Have a great weekend everyone!
Thank you, I will have our Chicago rep reach out!
Much appreciated!
So much of our everyday existence seems tedious, so I feel moved to construct utopian fantasies to inspire myself  others.
I'm glad Twitter didn't exist when I was in college!
; RT : I need your help lol
A new way to look at competing flights that looks like it has great potential.
Henry Wallace The century which we are entering can be and must be the century of the common man.
I've been high since I picked up, and I'm
it's just filthy this year.
In a good way.
It's actually quite intimidating.
I know
I am proud that I refrained last night from calling the speaker of the Colorado house a motherfucking asshole, even though he is one.
YEP DON'T FORGET MELLON SCHOLARS PROGRAM!
Sounds awful
yes, me too.
Daily mile is super positive.
:
i'll lick the steam off the window after her and I...
Wait...
Err...
Love you!
:D
To live as a human is to constantly evolve, and there is no being on earth that reaches a stop point, not even the most enlightened Zachary
It is wise to speak truth to power w/respect, dignity,  sincerityand be willing to pay the price for one's actions, if necessary!
how yu get yo letters like that
it literally rains every GD tuesday
Last day to get 15 off your entire order.
Enter discount code WINTER2012 during checkout and free shipping continental US, over 200
Oh snap
He's going to take all of your phones next and you won't get them back till after church.
Haha
THIS is the civil rights issue of our time; all loving couples deserve 3 equality under the law.
Thanks
What the fuck going on tonight?
Life as performance art
Am I the only one who thinks that the whole women bringing me sandwhiches thingy is really offensive??
:L
I love it.
Can't wait to see pictures!
oh gosh seen video lol wow D sorry i loughed
I hate One Direction, especially Niall, Harry, and Louis.
ESPECIALLY HARRY AND NIALL.
Now means with time zones it will be the start of both the new NFL season  Rugby World Cup within 6 hours we got ourselves a sportsfest!!!
Dad's bday today  is that one of the things helping this feel like a brandnew phase?
Also, sweet autumn rain cleared out some energy.
Mat Gamel: Which super hero are you playing with that mask?
RT : Stan: The only thing I'm really uncomfortable with is bullshit.
Dwight: 
I'm totes gonna work on pulled this summer so I can add it to my rep.
Seeing The Avengers with the affable and
funny how both parties are the same except for: 1 abortion 2 gay marriage 3 creationism ...
yet people get up in arm about it!
Thanks 4 following folks!!
Make it a great day!!!
thx for the mention but where is story?
Did you repost a blog of mine on your site, if so can you please provide direct link?
We're excited for this!
Good Luck Jr.
I agree, there is a change stemming from 2.0, and it is forcing students to be teachers in the best of ways!
still cannot commit one way or the other due to nicole having an appointment in MKE
I have a big one and small one
Jab at Mike Hart?
you should really come to staten island to surprise people !
3
i hate this class ,
My day to Nathan is almost over.
Exausted now, gonna go to sleep.
To wake up to Nathan.
3 : he weres me out.
xD
groan.
where are you watching it?
Thank you for sharing your wonderful Goddess self with us!
Yes!
we already had our launch party.
Our site should be up in the next day or so
If I don't go to the store today I think I'll end up in jail for child neglect.
LMAO!
Old mother Hubbard ain't got nothin on me.
It was so nice to see YOU at The Strand, and I am loving Narcopolis!!!
Thanks so much!
Aw well now he gets his own lol.
I'm so happy for him oh my goodness.
RT : RT : RT The tongue like a sharp knife...
Kills without doctorwing blood Buddha
Omfg i just love this music
Some part of me really wants to meet Wayne Static tonight
Check out 4 blocks from New Museum.
380 Broome St.
Sweet candy!
Yay!
Good answer from the landlord on two of our three questions!
Of course, the third question was about the rent increase...
Charleston, Fayetteville, Beckley to me.
HaHa and I have to wait to see it online...
I hope you aren't referring to me.
If you were at MDFF12 and snagged any extra posters or other paper items, you can donate them to the MdHS ephemera collection!
anyone know of a movie that's in the family/romance genre ?
it's going to be one of those nights..
If you want an example of what not to write in a super hero movie, then be sure to watch Wolverine.
Hey.
You.
Internet.
Wanna make a record?
Then follow and find out how.
you're The one to blame though lol I said In a good way aha stop making me wanna talk to you : jk don't do that
Damn Straight!
Get the girls going tomorrow and make sure you bring your A game.
That is why it's a Best of 3
: My teacher just gave the most awkward speech about wearing tanks.
I'm the only 1 in class with 1 too.
same...
Without FAITH it is Impossible to please GOD Faith passion
Some politicians want to help Florida, others just want to hold office here.
Youve failed me for the last time, XAMPP.
Californos Opera Supper is wrapping up it's 5th year of fantastic singing and entertainment.
Catch this event the third Monday in December.
thatAwkwardMoment when during the nana part of We Are Young you hold your cat up in the air and make him sing meowmeow 
Does the new Techcrunch have images, or is it just my Chrome that is lacking?
Eff Josh Hamilton.
He is the absolute worst.
Can't celebrate with team cuz he can't be around champagne?
FF an up and coming young artist who's musical skills are sick!
Seriously people, FF FF FF this chick!
Maybe the Texas Cup race would have been more interesting if they'd had a dolphin fountain in the middle of the front stretch.
We're excited to send  to 's convention in See you all there!
Will Dusty EVER learn his lesson with Arroyo?
He's fine until the 6th inning.
He can only go about 5.
Today?
3 run bomb in the 6th
I'm hiring an assistant box office manager.
If you want to have an awesomesocks boss let me know.
you are welcome.
in the midst of 2 new CDs of my bands but let's plan.
Haven't seen Byard in a while.
Dexter  maybe?
Is the Khan track out?
Omg I cant
Back and fourth.
lol your a mess and I love it!
Cracks me up!
Keep tweeting girl!
alright I'm going to crash now : we can pick up this convo sometime soon :
Absolutely.
I had a tasting at a wine event  ordered a bottle.
Also getting Cab Franc I haven't tried.
Let u know
Sounds good!
Have a great week!
You clearly don't know our nerdy level.
We already discussed whether or not we want to get new helmets for skating :
thanks for the mention!
We appreciate it :
Do your part to jolt the economy.
Text a friend who doesn't have unlimited texting.
Then do it again.
And again.
My fav is the friendly hi
okay well I really hope you go!

Former Denver Broncos quarterback Tim Tebow has been traded to the New York Jets
Railroads a site of contention where religious imagery was used to transform trains of segregation to vehicles of liberation.
I know.
It was awesome lol
oh yeah, i think i remember you mentioning that.
i know, it's horrible stuff.
gtg peace out 
We need to hear more than anything right now!n HEi John 3:30
Excellent question!
I really don't know.
Can anyone else share an opinion on this?
hell yeah dude!!!
WASSUP PEOPLE, HOW  WHAT IS EVERYONE DOING???
TELL ME WHAT'S ON UR MIND, TALK 2 ME, DNT B SHY!!!!
about to hear saysomethin for the first time:
: doctorke told me that she could make my pussy whistle.
Challenge accepted.
o really?
Lol Well then yay us!
no doubt bra, wassup wit ya
yes, changes like that would be by altering or adding to your CSS
Do not leave soiled bedding in crate.
If dog becomes used to mess, very hard to break habit.
Undermines create training.
G'ready
ugh I know 
5pm here and to keep to my new priority goals, that means quitting time!
Woohoo!
:D Not that I might not sneak a peek later.
G'nite!
I always wondered what JJ were up to while Sam  Dean were busy pretending to be them.
im training tomorrow!
im so excited to have you little bastards back there with me!!
I will for you love 3
Tip: there are plenty of customers for your services.
Believe it!!
Dats da only lady I got n my life real shyt
at a casino, not gambling.
I really need to pick a better Saturday activity...oh wait...there's the bar : 
Not letting the iPhone 5 talk distract me from my work today.
I guess this tweet is evidence it already has.
doh!
California Vacation  The Game
May you live to be 100 and may the last voice you hear be mine.
Frank Sinatra
it's too bad he's not doing Andoctorid, I could have asked you questions along the way!
Are you having good success?
Too late, my time has come, sends shivers down my spine, body's aching all the time, goodbye everybody, i've got to go.
What is the CTA media program focus?
Use inform policy process, improve farmers practices, and promote image of agric
Principles we live by: Cooperation, Sustainability, Quality, Safety, Design Excellence.
hysterical series of RTs

even when I slide, God got my back if u scheme dont try it, cut cross water so my flo rip tides, kno about the lowend  I dnt mean Tribe.
Doing my VMware sales training  module 5 and I FINALLY get some information about the technology as opposed to the company!
So lucky you're wearing that ring!
Lol
I'm hungry.
I'm really hungry...Damn I'm hungry.
I'm hungry bye!
only Jc only Jc..
I don't want it if everybody can get it.
I agree.
How do we go about getting this reversed?
Dont miss the exhibition of work by PNCA student Justin Kenney in the WiedenKennedy Lobby on NW 13th Avenue.
Seriously blew me away
Great advice from : When pitching investors, call early AM to speak w exec directly.
No secretary to screen calls.
My mon said Carlos is way to intelligent for his age lol
Coming soon new landing page for fournote !!!
wow i cant wait to upload it and share it with all users.
i walk around  feels great.
Then everyone is like no!!
Im excited about getting a MVP pin and a bobblehead on Sunday
I think about u every day every sec and min and hour I'm alive I love u Robert 3 as so as alex
Taking a break, give me minute people, make it 8.
I'm No Beauty Queen I'm just Beautiful Me
he took one hit n said ma good shit keeps him coming back..!
PUUUUULLLLLL UUPPPP LOL
Likewise!
I wish we had more time to talk.
I guarantee I will be contacting you  I am a walking accident waiting to happen.
Oh yeah, I also nearly finished a painting that I started a long time ago and then put aside for like a year.
I guess it was finally time.
Pretty god day!
yea that's gross
So I'm going to finally come out  ask; Why was Venkman carrying a syringe of Thorazine on his date w/ Dana in Ghostbusters?
Found my keys!
Thank you for coming out to support the race today!
One down; three to go...
Not looking real good at this point!
Thanks for the follow.
What kind of roustabout?
does 's wordpress install let us embed tweets?
Feels like Im swallowing razorblades.....
AMARA..
WHY U R KILLING ME, I CANT BREATHE HELP
Yeah, I tried that last semester too,  am def not doing that again.
I was thinking of doing all classes combined in one...
Call Me Maybe Katy PERRY?
:O
caine thank you for the message today.
We could have listened to you for hours
Third eye blind
Definitely not an expert.
But, what kind of beer do you prefer?
Any way you can contact someone at the Mag about me getting a replacement issue for a magazine?
Got a soaked one today.
are you a creepy fish hanging on my wall that sings to me when i walk past it
Colorado Bounds!
I don't like monopoly Money though
how was dinner?
Morning Yoga in Puerto Rico was AWESOME!
LPU Breakthrough VII just keeps rollin on!
A black women and a perm  my weaknes ha
class?
Hmm dunno bout that.
They are having whoopie Goldberg perform at the resort from what the billboards tell me.
hey alex, how was your day?:
Thanks for RT.
Have a great weekend.
:
congrats with the live performance..
Let us know if you need a production team to record it for you.
Continue the conversations from bethedoctoram at chapter meetings...the community...with advisors...
Work got cancelled which means I could of gone to the eop dinner ...
Guten Morgen Thanks for following our twinning tweets!
oh crap, I think its the 31st????
Maybe, or the 29th
Going to Seattle tomorrow.
Suggestions for things to do?
nawhhhhh not yet, i'm in no rush : are you 16 yet?
i've been gone all day  am finally about to cuddle up with bunny and watch it.
ready for some tsoukalos.
WeAllGotThatOneFriend that hates
haha starting a week long assist gig Monday...maybe after that!
: Uhm no clue!
There will always be a spot for u so dont u worry!
lmaoo let's get you over here, ima call you in a bit
: This just in..
If they took the word 'amazing' out of the MTV awards it would be only 9 minutes long.
The Lincoln HID Bulbs actually offer a very concentrated light that goes to very long distances
You are not alone  I am here with you.
Though we're far apart, you're always in my heart.
::michael jackson::you are not alone::
All I know is that a shooting investigation is underway NEAR the middle school
glad to see you back!
Missed ua!
I totally hit report spam on you.
So you got blocked/removed.
Hah!
This Pisses Me Off not seeing in person :
Clearly Buck and Aikman can't recognize the knee was down first.
Hey, beautiful!!
Are you gonna be my fave actress on the Twitterverse now?
YAY!
;
Is it me or has Kobe been dealt the black hand on MVP awards...
I can name 3 other times he shoulda won it
I wanna see that excellent forecheck
he is great!
We need to bring myrtle beach to
Registration is open  people R signing up 4 Edcampss.
don't miss out on a chance 2 meet  listen 2 in Philly 3/24!
Hm, today is not my day
i want a lollipop now :
If eyerolling burned calories, women would never have to diet
CaryHoffman is Dead on.
best day of my life today met today, she is so beutifal and so talented!!!
I'll check it out.
Thanks man.
All you have to say is Hairbangers Ball and Nat's in.
See you at
Looking forward to tweets from .
Thanks for your follow
hi liam, how are you?
: x
CSW pulled some strings to get you guys a few more follows.
You're welcome.
thanks, how you been?
You're welcome!
Keep on keepin' on!
Merry Christmas and bless :
Eddie likes me and i like Eddie..
ugh he is sweet and freaking sexy but Andoctorw found out that i like him and he is pissed off..
ugh idk?
:/
Dedicating my Twitter to Sunday's Oscars follow me as I will be reporting to ERedCarpet and bestdoctorssed on ABC7 , follow me to join us.
Besides me....
Who Up
Just watched movie gun,now watching the devil inside
oh, yeah i do.
: sorry i never dm'd you.
i can't on my phone.
:
haha hope you had a good new year!
Not gonna lie, if the Lakers are playing at the top of their game for the rest of the playoffs, they will not lose.
who knew had such a good selection of vintage brass uniform buttons?
then again, what don't they have?
shout house and NO falling off pianos??
Blasphemy.
Thanks Boo
laughs 
heck yes....that is one awesome dude
Tomorrow I'm going to a party :
Great point MT Vandy had been recruiting Sheldon Jeter longer than any of his finalists.
Just couldn't offer until recently.
then pass the dang ball
madonna looks a little stiff.
: girl's arthritic, give her a break.
watching episodes of prison break on to season 2 ...its getting so good and juicy!
RT for a
Dairy Queen
Ryan Braun still  cheater
it wont working please follow me :D

u r gr8.
Once i have a budget ur hired for press, pr, networking  just plain ole good vibes!!
:
How many of you also enjoy watching CELEBRITY APPRENTICE, and DANCING WITH THE STARS?
They fuss too much on the first tv show.
I watch it.
Black Veil Brides music is helping me through everything right now.
Load it up with cream cheese.
My absolute favorite.
Where do you get them?
Havent had one in years.
The only person you should ever compare yourself to is the person you used to be.
Think you might have opinions about my last blog post.
Happy holidays!!
Aww thank you!
Yes slides will be on the Boston SEO site soon!
Sorry for the delay!
i fucking love so much im gonna bake him all the cookies in the world hahahah
haha you know I'm looking for all the gorgeous plastic surgeons !
Ughh,school today :
Way to Go!
RT : BN,  You are STARS in our eyes.
With your support, 615 local kids have brighter futures
Episode 2 of airs this Wednesday!!!
Don't miss my guest appearance as Rosie  the VERY talented Angie Light as my girlfriend!
On set with  !
Saturday night and I'm in my pj's at 730.
Davenport club: assemble!
Good grief, that's beautiful!
Anyone have any experience with the Kodak Playsport camera?
RT : Morton: my job is getting people excited about evil.
Bobble Headed Bitties.
That was just said.
Lmao
Laurie Anderson talked about being a NASA artistinresidence at her SVA commencement speech, followed w/ performance on pillow speaker
DontTextMeWhen your girlfriend just broke up with you
Happy 2012, everyone!
Here's to the start of a great newyear!
How about 85 degrees in the office and phone has been out for 2 days?
RT : Trying to find the black box ....
RT : Ashton Kutcher, snack commercials, and why brownface persists in Amer
Look here , you're not gay you're confused.
Theres no way in hell you 12 , walking around talking about you gay !
Scrape me off the gym floor
I loved that movie!!!!
while watching the movie, i believe there was something in my eyes...they kept watering for some reason
thanks San Patricio!
nothing like waking up to the sound of like 50 crows...
haha.
hell ya!
o, nd david asked me out again....
nd got rejected again
Not liking these chores
He said it in an interview, you didn't know?
lol
at work douchers
NYE in Vegas BodyEnglish.
Fantastic lineup  Dance Diva
I think I need a physical timer to track my hours.
Digital tools don't seem to be sticking for me.
who do we play?
...
Then they go and make the same mistake.
::cough cough:: Don
Thanks so much!
Hope you got lots of good contacts today.
Let us know if we can help with anything
Nowwatching Mike Snow
Class warfare is an inevitable by product of a system that offers huge incentives for ruthless greed  callous disregard for suffering.
I took a look at Muckrack and agree.
I had planned on something like that, but the first version might be a bit clunky/basic.
If your family or your mate can buy into your diet that will be your most powerful tool!
I named by teddy bear after is name is Trigga Bear...!!!
In honor of National Wear Red Day  we're going on a Red Light Sale!
Big announcement at noon  get ready to stay with Glenn this weekend!
I miss my little guy
i wrote liz taylor
omg HAPPY BIRTHDAY : ..
How old are you gonna be?
Sad how chris brown set back his image tenfold by allowing his Rihanna anger rage to surface again.
As a PR stunt it worked but bad kharma
the film about bob marley is unreal.
sunday and im hungover...
going to wendys
That would be strange if the Dolphins tried to doctornk an entire city in central Illinois
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
244
On that note ...
time for a beer outside.
Haha!
RT: i absolutely love doctornk amanda.
That survey is closed.
you have a white egg as your photo I do not trust you hacker !!!!
I think they eat for free so why not?
Lol
thanks for the follow!
I have a new Siamese Kitten  is he FAST!
Whatever mischief he gets into, he does it FASTand he is so cute, but rules are rules:Cat Rules!
Simwise as the phoenix was top notch
buy me something expensive...
If I get 400 followers tonight I'll pick 7 lucky people and DM a message to AUSTIN MAHONE to follow them.
What you say??
I need 1 more follower to be at 200.
Not bad for someone who never tweets.
I'm flying back today.
Don't make this worse...
congratulation on your 13 pd lost.
HappyBirthday : God Bless you have a great day .....
Whaaaaa?
That is crazy talk.
I am so bored
In such a competitive world, if you remain the same you're only getting worst!
taking the girls to the pool
I dont pay good wages because I have a lot of money; I have a lot of money because I pay good wages.
Robert Bosch
Why hello,  thanks for following me back.
You are my most favorite publication!
Shout out to my newest followers!
especially hangovers
I 3 Philip Philips!!!
Guess I won't talk to you.
And our favorite person of the day award goes to....
for being amazing!
Everyone download her music on iTunes!
Or they do not want to take the time to learn!
Social seeker here!
Thanks, we are too!
Reg's are pouring in this week!
RE: Registered for the conference.
Super excited!
Me, too.
So completely unexpected.
And he loves it.
Miss you Liz!
Hope you're having a great plantech!
: Happy Sunday lovelies!
weird.
misterBigshot in the building...!!!
I'm seeing TFF Art Awards Exhibition at Tribeca Film Festival.
Thanks.
Keep it up.
Cant be there...so be twitter connection ; lots of pics!
Follow all of us for the whole story.
Also check out www.ict2dc.com where our tweets are posted with blogs  pix.
Have fun man!
Bring your friends out  come see my magic  The Raccoon Lodge in SW Portland tonight, 79pm.
Call ahead for reservations.
Mastering a single today for soontobe Country star Candy Coburn.
Also, working on some client website updates.
More video work today to.
Don't forget to vote on May 15.
I'm  6 on the ballot.
Red Hot Chili Peppers are ripping the roof off of the Troubadour!!
I am one lucky guy!!!
Holy shit!!!!
Sometimes I just eat the leftovers from dinner rather than putting them away.
Great Workout today!
Boxing makes your core Strong!
DO what you enjoy doing!
btw...
BOXING is FUN for GIRLS!
Its all about abs  arms!
We don't need boys we have cake
is a fucking ripoff!
Walked in right in time for 
Tooth Decay is the 2nd most common disease in the U.S.
after the common cold.
riton is playing tonight.
It's French house music!
Just learned a new cover last night.
I'll give you a couple hints gunpowder, gelatine?
It's guaranteed to blow your mind.
THX.Took a lot of guts to not just show up, but to say I wish you the best.
My admiration for the man just doubled.
My channel won't work :
one way is : don't watch it.
Low ratings  cancellation.
We are the sultans of swing...
it sounds like you have your priorities spot on :
I would look weird tan.
On my way to work aka killing myself.
well said RT: : Great game you made us proud.
This team did alot and has alot to look forward to next season.
Sorry for your loss.
'And I'm rapping on the beat they was supposed to buy / I guess I'm getting high off my own supply' I wish doctor would do this more often.
I miss you to.
I'm probably gonna go see the avengers again this weekend with my mom.
You down to go?
5 days until the end of my semi pro career
I know you saw my request.
they transfer to Facebook.
I don't do Facebook
Then there is undercutting eyewitness accounts of destruction w/ expert opinions from across the country.
I have my Civil Liberties unit all figured out, and it goes until May 24th.
Wow.
Roughly have my Deliquency unit figured out for Soc 2.
roald hoffman is god
looks like a pretty cool Twitter tool...
hey that rhymes!
We're going to have to check this out more in depth.
I'm with you, we are great without him
I'll come see you!
I've got to start Xmas shopping somewhere!
Lets go see if I still have a job.
Likely the Giants and bettors are lol at Belechiks questionable list.
seenthat  what losers wants to watch one check in a hotel?
I shouldn't say that.
You're the expert.
I'll leave that to your expertise.
I can't wait to go home next week.
Only seeing the positive, all you negative people, find someone else to bug.
I dont need or want you around
I need a job doe!
That's what I thought!
I'm digging the sexy new pic
Coffee/sanity break w/1 of my closest friends Thurs.
Life doesn't get any better.
I know you love it
Murder of lefty ruled a suicide, but wound on right side.
Total lefty.
He couldn't even tie his SHOES with his right hand.
Well, who can?
Thanks for the follow, have a great day!!
Tell your Beautiful Mom that I say Happy Mothers Day :
We make our fortunes and call them fate.
Google Photos: If ur uploading content, be aware of album visibility and resharing.
Protect your copyright.
When a woman shows her loyalty
2stay  home and not vote is a slap in the face of Fannie Lou  the 3 college students slain  all who died including Christ
Raeburn  information advantage is gained through identification of patterns that are relevant to your business
Are you sure you weren't at the Oasis bar just hearing music?
good one!
Ok!
I didn't think so, but I was just checking b/c I have a pretty hectic schedule this week.
im watching all your keeks while home sick3 5
RT .U can curse me if u like!
I won't mind..lol.I just love u doctorBurke
Yeah buddy, got that grade fixed.
Added another A!
God is good!
Good Morning Twitter!
Hope you all have a great day!
Things are looking up
you deserve it honey :
Also, dear London friends, I am so very sorry about Boris.
Burns for first goal!
You gotta let me know.
Should I stay or should I go?
you're to scared to even do it so I won already :
Cool fact: Leap day doesn't happen every 4 years.
On a span of 400 years, there are only 97 leap days, not 100.
Of course!!
okk sounds good!
your going to laugh when you see it!:
definitely!
That's awesome
I like girls who eat carrots.
Louis
: Phonology  The Phoneme I
there are so many ways to finish that sentence, wish we coulda heard it lol
Awesome!
MT : I realize that at RIT has prepared me to take on anything at my new job next year.
Welcome to Gonzaga, the home of the Bulldogs !!!
Can't wait to watch u play next year!
in sweaters 
I'm going to stop babbling now...
we gone fight lol
yes they need 2 go soon!
rt  osumom09 some one need to take off.
yea pretty much bro.
LOL
:I knew her barely 30 minutes before we got naked.
This whole fraternity thing is starting to grow on me...
MT Win clinches Atlantic Division for FSU for 6th year in a row  guarantees the Noles no lower than  2 seed in ACC Tourney
was just about to tweet at you about this!!
so excited!
Would love to talk to you about training some of your baseball athletes.
Ex D1 player, coach, and now CSCS.
way to stand up for what's right
just posted to facebook that he will be a packer for life!
GOPACKGO Should be
First public GEAR Con meeting is 7pm tonight at 4075 NE Sandy Blvd for panelists, volunteers,  the curious.
I swear people just try to make themselves look unattractive...
Watching Judge Joe Brown with Viggle Mon  10AM  FOX Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Writing treatments.
trying to figure out this whole twitter thing.
lol...
I don't think so...
He said he doesn't know...
Cus shr always run to him when things go bad
summer coming up dontjudgeme lmmfao
just watched your Kanye tribute mix...
Good shit!
Have a great weekend everyone!
That trailer to your movie,'BOOM is great!
longest it's ever been!
Idk how you girls do it!
I'm an old busted bitch but i'm definitely wild and free....fuck with me childs 
gets the gold star for tweeting more.
What's going on with your anchor bud ?
Lebron James should get an Oscar from the Academy Awards for his flops in the 1st half.
Give one to the refs too for best supporting cast
yay, I love our coffee dates.
messy hoes these days really doe
That awkward Moment when you are talking about the teacher with ur friend in class and suddenlly the teacher asks What are u talking about
We officially have our very First West Coast prospect who found us organically on Google
way to throw off the studio with a solid robot name.
has no retort!
not yet.
tyler's punk'd episode is on tonight!!
we're all giddy.
Poor Megan: the Bettification begins!
Seeing The Great Escape at Grauman's Egyptian.
Tieland is pretty cool!
Yeah, please tell me why the is so awesome.
Just added to my reading list now.
Last time i checked the whole Sevier County area isn't a ghetto area.
So why don't you pull up your shorts and quit with your swag
They say time is money, but we'll spend it together.
please record a new cd with Lady Phoenix with Melissa and Diana.
Melissa would love to have u she said!!!
:
who Shot Ya is tight!
But this 1 Brooklyn's Finest with Jay Z still sounds soo good as well.
Hip Hop lost so much wit out BIG
jamming to ya all da way form Chicago mad love to hot 97
that is gonna be great.
i am sure it will b a great show.
I dont have a type, it's simple, if I like you, I like you
were did u.
Get the sperm tacoz from
NowWithAlex Very obvious David is a Republican!
Always a negative nelly!
Shut up and stick to moderating, fairly
I don't think I can wait till the 29th, so can I get an advance copy, haha, or a retweet:
imma need a moment cause moments last forever.
Wow he blocked me for that, clearly a joke based on one of his earlier RTs
Haha, he's not a crack head.
Just a senile old man.
Ha.
Text me.
MovieTime.
Night night bitches.
Be 18, graduated, and have no kids?
CHALLENGE ACCEPTED.
yeah, my doctorw something's are rarely straight forward.
wouldn't feed the animals that.
.
it was Yogi's
get your frat on and hit Stagecoach
When you get to Bike Night, don't forget to check in!
Foursquare or Facebook places.
The 140Cuse conference is about to hit 8000 views on the live stream.
If I had a dollar for every pet picture link I opened up and didn't wanna see in just this one year alone...
a song called '' you block me on facebook now u r going to die'' is so funny XD
Empty restaurants depress me as much as Charlie Brown's Christmas tree...
You can do something in an instant that will give you heartache for life.
Just had my first farmhouse summer ale of the season.
What a
Did ya see that lmaoooo
RT : Barns  noble just inform me that my book I order is in all smiles ....
shut up!
Trying to rejoin twitterworld after a monthlong hiatus.
New job is going well but haven't had any free time!
Thanks for the RT's!
Hi Eric  thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
is Brian Solis gnomedex keynote video posted yet?
I  nights with nothing to do and this time I dance on my dance pad users to break records.
my department is one of two to not take any hits.
But I miss storytime.
that's my baby.
3 love him so much.
your welcome :D
rise n shine, bout to go to myfriends church for the first time finally.....hope i have fun....DUH
Hey if i were to tweet about the rally, what hashtag would i use?
No I wasn't part of that, but should be down there.
My next event is in June.
Fuck ya!!!
Shots on Friday night!!!!
Biofrontera and Allergan sign marketing and distribution agreement for Ameluz in Spain
Guess I'm in the house for tonight
Tell all those other boys I've fallen :
I love havin you next to me
We added a clients twitter account to our HootSuite but it is owned by someone they don't know.
How do we get access?
Thx!
I know it's hilarious 
LOVE YOU
you just named the perfect next candidate.
yeah me too lol
Loving the new show 2BrokeGirls !
Great 1st episode!
:D
Happy International Red Cross and Red Crescent Day!
Sanchez gets extension making him 7th highest paid QB in the league
Forgive everything, everyone, practice forgiveness.
I know it hard but it makes you stronger
HE is too SEXY for Twitter :
let's hope he got busy with jasmine or Caitlyn.
Lmao no he was like 6 when he was with them
We directed and produced a music video today...
That was unexpected!
Ever go somewhere  witness a jerk  their kid causing a loud screaming threatening scene over a bubble gum machine or trinket dispenser?
Nashville trench lawyer menu.
DUI bench trial is on tap.
Just revisited the scene.
The path to success is to take massive, determined action.
Tony Robbins
Easy.
You obviously don't understand who I'm married to.
Plus, I'm a pretty decent chef myself.
RT : If you do the Believing, He will do the Achieving.
sunstandstill I'm Beleiving God today 4 His Perfect Plan!
Nice job by Fox to pay tribute to MCA during fight night.
Ephemeral ecstasy
realy?!?
The actions taken by the city schools should be considered investments in the future of Baltimore and its citizens.
Preparing for 's NBC4 segment and checking out the Washington Ballet's Alice in Wonderland costumes.
Beautiful!
oh, btw, we will be located at booth 1M32, Hall 1.
Don't miss us!!!
Ahh lucky I haven't even started :/

west memphis aint shit but cant never forget where u come from.
I LOVE MY JOB SOO MUCH!!!!
Brown Girl Magazine  Blog Archive  Masala Dosa with the Mosta ...
THANK YOU.
All you need is ignorance and confidence; then achievement is sure.
my face hurts.
Being around a guy you like and being shy for the first time
Indeed curation is much more than aggregation.
Great FashionShow2012 rehearsal last night with , the girls are strong, confident and so supportive of each other
linsanity reigns supreme!!
: Always great to see The Great music, even better dudes.
thanks for coming out!
Great seeing you!
If your friends are lost in the woods, you need to know where they are before giving directions.
IF IM NOT FOLLOWING YOU..JUST ASK AND I WILL :
i get what you get in ten years, in two days.
.
Pacers tickets bought on StubHub for 2.
Holy Cow!!!
I meant new positions not news positions.
But maybe it fits either way.
sigh
September!
I miss YOU.
Can't wait to be in the same city.
Also I'm gonna need your expertise on how to find an apt.
hahaha good talkin to kevin today!
i missed his ass:
Is your favorite musician as a kid still one of your favorites today?
Cash for College Family Night tonight  LA Convention Center, spread the word to youth in need!
5:309pm, workshops in English and Spanish
Thanks so much for the RT!!
Thanks!
Thanks!
Thanks!
Thanks!
Thanks!
Vitamins linked with higher death risk in older women
RangersDevils in the Eastern Conference Finals?
Even as a hockey fan, that will be painful to watch...
How the YTB Ganovia Coffee Program stands head and shoulders above all others,  the new travel program?
Can you say They told me so?
And you better read this time too!
OMG, my fave exercise web site, , is gone.
I am devastated.
So wats up don't let the Heat fool yall niggaz
Im moving to Los Angeles.
The countdown begins.
Thanks for everything
chalkys closing really screwed us
Is it just me, or have people been especially weird lately?
Something's in the air lately...
I'd like to clarify that is alive, and not at the bottom of Danger Cliff
felt led to pray for you today, praying.
Aw.
I enjoyed it.
Many congrats!
Huzzah!
I try!
: You got any special plans for this summer!?
: S/o to my new followers :  Thanks for the mention!
The Giants will get to meet Obama at the White House, while the Patriots will get to meet Newt Gingrich at the Waffle House
A.
Keys and Bruno Mars got the same hair due..
The wall from my room 
It means u In Love lol RT : I smile real big every time he calls me...what that mean??
Hm ponders
Take care of your body.
It's the only place you have to live.
Jim Rohn
watching all the new interview videos with the boyz, has seriously cheered me up so much.
So I hear Ur dating doctorke ; Very nice Borat voice
so much great discussion everyday on the eecms hashtag, wish we can dedicate a fulltime person to focus only on the thread and offer help
My childhood team against my current love the Nationals.
Great matchup.
Tonight  Present: !
Best House Music Night in LA!
oh Ok...that sounds fun..lol
.
if Apple supported open web standards, does it follow that they should support open UI standards?
Caguioa May Miss Semifinal Series
That is cute, I used to love making those!
whatever.
You can be mad at me if you want.
I dont fucking care anymore.
I hope I die.
Thank you for breaking my heart
In this town?
Someone is always watching you.
;
TheFirstSongIHeardBy Justin Bieber was One Time.
all can be had very late in doctorfts...
Aybar was 20th rounder in recent mock and could give 20 in value...
No lie
See an awesome  terrifying speaker moment when the presenter's totally out of sync with the slides.
Lightning Talks stc12 Not naming names
Happy Bday to my mom :D LOVE YOU 3 :
RT OFPP says more  more agencies are communicating during PreRFP  using online tools
Symphony Crack is in the building
Now everyone thinks and I are twins lmfao
BOYY you have no respect!
Follow me,I'm following u
Last day of school...it'll be rough lol
Hello Ben Brust!!!
After you guys win the Cup whats the first room in your new crib Fine Renovations is going to redo?
Dan Girardi help the ranger shot to give them a 10 score in MSG
what a day, what a day.
so glad it's the last day of this work week.
Love the weather today!
The Duggar Family should all move on an island and Rick Santorum should be their king.
are you enjoying the beautiful spring weather?
We sure are!
Come out and visit us to find the perfect spring doctorss or shoes!
How are you on duck prosciutto?
of course.
Thanks for all of the great, shareable info, as always!
thank you.
:
The Vikings took an offensive lineman at  4 overall.
Why do teams waste high picks on human shields??
I've been slowly coming to a scary realization the past few days.
Help!
Does anyone know how to score Vermunt's Inventory of Learning Styles?
The scoring key doesn't explain how to determine styles.
glad to meet you in Georgetown Rocky, hope your week goes well.
hey sorry I completely forgot!!
My number is 3176901388
One of my 100thingsilove is All Time Low because they never fail at making me smile 
is working on plans for the Internship Opportunity Fund's Dancing with the Heinz College Stars 3.25.11.
Come one, come all!
Headed to Spring, TX to pick up a dumpster.
Need us to pick up any of your trash?
Give us a call: 7134649200
at the gym for a light workout now, audition later then...
Who knows.
i miss my granny!
Yes, very sad about Whitney...
thanks for the RT...
you make a good point
lol you already know: ah he's so underrated!
gets 5 game suspension.
Same old story
The tonight show with Conan O'Brien was just nominated for an Emmy.
Leno was not.
Good call, NBC.
oh happy birthday!
WOOT!
Real World PR Conference, here I come!
Excited!!
So sick.
tomorrow in the jungle...Scarface the sequel!!
Love it...er...Live it
You Can't Lie Your Way Out Of This One.
Its when I start too Add presure ever thing Goes Wrong lol my standerds are bye far way too high......
shitt ShaRonica
woo!
AMEN to that sista!!!
except mine would be 17 and 18 hehe
Morning time before finals test at the gym hoping to have an impressive morning
Time to turn to polyphasic sleep RT : Running on 2 hrs sleep, but the d3 presentations are keeping me wide awake.
Steven A.
Smith said Jeremy Lin should play in Game 5, therefore, he should.
Said, no one.
Smith will be the 1st person cont.
I totally agree with you if you can't laugh at yourself you can't laugh at anything love ya Sonja.
Wow!
Shutting it down finally.Went to church, then DC for a rehearsal for a live cd taping then to my studio to work on a track.
GOD is luv
: Shoutout To My New Followers  cheers guys thanks buddy!
AUSTIN R U NERVOUS!!??
IK EVERYTHING IS GOING TO BE GREAT!!!
33
Surprise Mom with a stretch from Step Ahead and see her smile!
Actions speak louder than words.
A stretch goes a long way to say I Love You
I missed 11:11.
Oh well I'll just wait 100 years
Agreed RT : DIS DUDE DEZ SOUND LIKE A FLUFFY PIECE OF POUNDCAKE!
MAYWEATHER IS A DEFINITE BRO!
The Valentines Day Bat Giveaway winner has been emailed but has not yet responded.
Make sure you check your spam or junk folder!
Being called weird is like being called the limited edition.
Meaning you're something people don't see that often.
Remember that.
Vacation day 3: complete!
, Wild Turkey,   mission accomplished!
I don't act like I'm better than people cuz I'm not but I do love me :
Playing a solo set tonight at USD at 8PM!
Stop by the SLP if you're around!
I know a few things about WordPress...it's a pretty amazing platform :
procrastinating is one of my biggest weaknesses :/
you're icon ajfnhjrgrhg justin is too hot.
Beach Boys at the GrammyAwards!
They were my first concert.
:
GOD MORNING!!!
Today is my birthday!
I bought a truck on Wednesday.
Today is a great day!
Saturday morning, enjoying some nice Atlanta gospel 45s purchased yesterday.
Thanks for helping me feed the addiction!
RT : Do your friends follow ?
Let them know they should.
We're going to be posting regularly with news about SAPL.
Yea and fast speech RT : that and facial expressions...nervous twitches...sporadic hand movements
love the music!
it was nice meeting you guys today
anyone but Kentucky plz
Thanks!!
I definitely want to get into the Ross School of Business at UM but it will take alot of hard work and dedication!
..i thought id ever see them was by going to the UK and seeing them there.
ive known about them and supported them ever since x factor
I gottah pee so bad
Heading to an end of year grad party at AU.
Should be fun.
Others will look to you for stability, so hide when you bite your nails
hi !
haha sorry my twitter has been buggin out, what up :?
I caught the mother of all spiders in the lunch room this am.
Bigger than my fist
That would be awesome!
Too many acorns in back yard already, especially near the pool ladder!
So yeah, I've decided that will probably be my new twitter handle
: wanna come get you gift right now?
EARLY!
Wednesday interview is up!
M.
Wilson Stoker talks about being a legal trailblazer in Austin, TX
No decision yet on bail for Catherine Greg, as we learn more about her life on the run with Whitey Bulger.
More at 6:00 on
TOUCHDOWN BADGERS!
Time for the Spurs to defuse the Rockets!
Unite Spurs fans.
Thanks : It will be fun to be back on the scene!
Just got home from work and now I'm off the next two days lol
RT : RT : Speech was more of a Clintonesque laundoctor list than a single, sustained argument or narrative.
Eating Vanilla ice cream with orange juice in it
Giving thanks to all the amazing women working tirelessly to protect childoctorn everywhere.
And OMG go see as it is UhMazing....
Sam you're making me very jealous.
Time to get ready for church: then going to the beach  having a bbq with the family: Happy Mothers Day to all the Mothers : Love You Mom
Got my ring on for the first time in over a year...
it's like getting engaged all over again!!
I,want to sit on the roof
Now you're just somebody that I used to know
My guides for love are Jesus and his mother and close friends, and Paul  Jewish mystics.
Folks read with own perspectives.
you're so cute.
I listen too city girl all the time.
lol.
nene actually goes too my school.
aha.
but thanks for the follow :
Range Rovers should have a generator built in, we're paying for one!!!
any time girl!
nope.
You are already entered.
:
did u get more fol
or is that media doctornking?
I made Presidents Honor Roll during 2010 fall semester  I graduate Spring 2011 with a GPA 3.818 A!
I want to eat mac n cheese all day everyday
Nw one for the money
Between the city of chicago fees, airline tickets  cell phone companies, I just wanna scream!
thats good....
when will you been in Atl
Haha oh man.
Tell her i'll leave her my car.
And i will submit to a doctorving exam.
And ok we will kill him on the way
No Pause For The Cause Taking Over OZ/W/Out Dorothy  The Yellow Brick Road Kangaroos  Koalas Marcupial Mode
one more day won't hurt.
Lol.....coming from Queen Procrastination.
lmao!!!!
That made me freaking laugh
i kno u been hear by someone else....if u let me....i'll take care of you...3 
Yeah, in Stars, he goes off to the US for his first year of Harvard.
I was just listening to our song.
Distance makes the heart grow fonder.
Right?
have you spoken to em julian from bespoke greetings yet?
I didn't realize how much I missed talking to you.
Working the booksale, and find I need to get use to noise since we don't really have that in the library...
how bout taylor swift or justin bieber
Why is 's The doctorg so good?
At least, it's good working music for me right now.
Hey!
Someone I finally agree with from my Philosophy book
Too bad, one of my docs has had some success with it ...
but then your insomnia doesn't seem chronic
THIS CHICK UGLY AS A POLICE KETCH!
LOL
Your source for Unfinished Brazilian Hardwood Flooring  Decking  Lumber
In my world everyone eats rainbows and poops butterflies...
doctor Seuss
I'll give you an 'A' for effort, but an 'A' cuz you called me cute.
sorry vic I am tired...cut me some slack...
My 20 year old assistant is showing all kinds of ways I can waste time on my new sm toy, Look Lark you can tweet an owl, so CUTE!
I just finished a 3.01 mi run with a time of 26:35 with Nike GPS.
Point 8 event in nola this eve.
People really don't care what we give they watch how we live
We'd love to host you and Slick Willie for the day!
Uh we just had an earthquake in dc....not cool
I'm there.
These ratchet ass bitches in Walmart..
smh.
Build a rapport with Imagination, keep it 100 with Reality Ashley Rosendo.
Foreal tho when one has time, watch this from the gate.
yea it's cool....hot as hell..
How did u like Miami?
FelizPrimavera!
Happy Spring to our friends in the Southern Hemisphere!
Busbys right now.
YEAH!
RT If there's a roller derby league in your city, you should totally go see it live.
Unless you hate things that are awesome.
To have great poets, there must be great audiences.
Walt Whitman
NYC trains are always late.that's y I have my car.
i believe you man
Sunsetting Economic Regs.
JPM: Thanks Grandmas 401k: Sorry granny, private sector is selfregulating.
We want Deron Williams in Portland!
Just do it!
Old Arab men hike differently than the rest of us.
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms in the world and on Twitter :
The Nashville Predators............the Phoenix Coyotes..............The Bankrupt Series..........catch it before they go up for auction
hard to say that here...since I'm still watching here in South Korea...we have H50 Tuesday...the hangover will be Wednesday for us
That name is on point...
Bro my fb tweaking lbs
I slapped them for not answering your email...
I finally figured out what classes I'm taking.
Best part about it is my job is payin for it lol
My stomachs in nots.
I can't focus, I just wish it was Friday all ready nervous!!!
Me too!
i need a tan for my BFAW!
Yeah, they definately are!
:
HEADSHOT TIP: You shouldn't wear tons of makeup to an audition, so don't do it in your headshots!
Most parfaits I'm guessing RT : McDonald's serves roughly 8.9 of the US population every day.
ok I follow thanks for telling me
It was a mess.
But so well built that we figured it was worth the investment.
Oh.
I had said no wonder.
I've tried, it won't let me :D
Hey followers.
Have you ever dealt with the Tasty Bite company.
Be advised, they do not return phone calls.
Lol so get one
Ha!
You finally make it to the Left Coast, and I'm going to be on the Right.
When in June?
blahbahahah.
so excited for my trip to IOWA : : can't sleep 3
I just moved about 1000 lbs of cement, hope my neighbor pays me back in beer
Says thank God for spring break!
...and I just stabbed myself with the thumbtack I've been playing with for the last three hours.
Time to put that down.
lol think its just all talk huh???
I havent got to listen to 's new song cause im stuck in the hospital for day ': but I bet its amazing just like he is, love u
It would seriously blow my mind if seriously replied back to me!
Keeping fingers and toes crossed!!!
:X
when i click the link it brings me to a picture, is that yours ?
1.3 million people talking about us in India 
Someone please tell me last night wasn't real?
That Game 6 is still on it way?
No one laughs at God in a hospital.
No ones laughing at God in a war.
There is an Manic Panic store in LA where you can make an order!
excellent point.
as long as their api and data are valuable, users decrease in importance
We like to think so!
;
heard from a good source some are wearing shower caps, etc.
Not cool.
My teenage daughter is having a teen moment.
I'm about to have a YOU BETTER GET SOME 'ACT RIGHT' IN YOU moment.
mommadontplaydat !
With the things going on in the world does the idea of making your own electricity seem like an investment requiring your attention?
Chris Jones is going to blow minds tonight on !!
Your turn is coming!
MT : I remember back at NICAR '09, I taught about XPDF.
Now he's a Pulitzer Prize winner!
need a place for a banquet after your concert??
Foollow me ?
thanks :
Lankan workers brought to Saudi from Kuwait illegally  Sunday Times.lk
Finally beat the campaign mode in Call of Duty: World at War
Wouldn't a hat trick to win it be nice?
Go
ugh im so bored
i've been working with people to reach an agreement.
Too focused
Every day may not be good, but there's something good in everyday .....
Getting there  ONLY 5 more Likes to go......
Please feel free to ask friends.
Love you.
Thanks!
Amazing female talent at the Grammys tonight.
MT: is an antibullying champion, thanks Dwight for all you do!
Regardless of what you read and hear today, as of right now the BigXII has it's aim on Louisville  FSU.
I promise.
Chatting w/others too.
Good morning cruel world
looks like Romney surrendered to  but would you expect Romney to admit he takes orders from religious right?
Was it ironic that played ads over jesse j?
It's not about the money?
really?
I am having the roughest day right now.
my new Arizona doctorver's license expires in 2041
allies at six flags right now!
where are you?
Bride of The Killer Nerr II :Tom:
in serious need of a chiropractor right now !!!!!
D:
the big money is made, then taking by Democrats with Higher Taxes..
vote for Conservatives if you want to keep more of your 
Yep, anyways what music you working on.
I wish I knew spanish so I can go fuck with some Spanish chicks.
Know today that,You don't walk alone.You don't fight alone.You  we don't do things in our own strength,but with God's.God Bless!
aw thank you soo much brittany!!!!
Dear archivists, I think I have my first phone interview.
Any advice?
OMG GLEE FOR 2 HOURS.
YES YES YES YES YES.
you wanna be high for this
: If I could trade places with you I would do it in a heartbeat.
I'm at the corner of 2nd and Market.
I have a cramp in my calf.
Send help.
LOL
A smile can mean a thousand words, but it can also hide a thousand problems.
and  Thanks for following, y'all!
Yes!
Go Rachel and Dave!
dammit It wouldn't have fit!
Ok here.
Thank you for helping me correct the spelling error in my last tweet.
Let's face it, we've all had our share of doctorma.
And this!
MT : Colbert just announced Texans for a Better Tomorrow, Tomorrow PAC after a UTAustin student emailed w/ the idea
Pikes mkt seattle.
Chinese uhru player smoked salmon edamame salad bay view sail boats overcast.
Our season is slowly coming to a close!
: Just a few more weddings and then we will see you all next year!
Tancred Everything comes if a man will only wait.
people will wander in and out.
Happiness bar shifts will be 1 hrish.
Feeling kinda blue.
Empty?
Can you say the same for South Side?
My hairdoctorsser is seriously AMAZING.
I'm ridiculously spoiled.
mad at the world!
Im like the worst boyfriend in the world
Have a Good Evening....Spread Love!
TwinCitiesHappyHourDeal.com is launching soon with the best restaurant, bar, sports, theater and entertainment deals in the Twin Cities.
Can't sleep, so I'm finding all kinds of fun swing  dixieland piano music to buy later on SheetMusicPlus.com.
New playing style 4 me!
Does anyone else accidentally call Rogan Josh chicken Seth Rogan chicken in their heads?
Just me, then?
Refreshing  / Newark NJ is a politician that gets Twitter.
He doesn't have all the answrs, but his team is trying.
SHU is a lock!
That's gave....lol
Tomorrow is the last Day for Restaurant Week....Thank you for another Successful Two Weeks!!
Young Folks
Not a thing wrong w/ that sir!!!
where at?
: it's true.
It's been ingrained into me, pavlov's dog style.
Thanks a lot.
Boarding zone 8?
That's alot of zones
Alway's Follow your doctoram you will go along way in life at least if you fail you wont say i wish i did that a long time ago
Checking out episode 1 of The Franchise: Miami Marlins on doing his thing.
Seeing your friends at the mall and you both somehow agree not to say hi to each other.
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter Most all y'all were gone, especially the celebs.
haha...
I totally bought ruby slippers for this trip...
I have to entertain myself somehow hahaha
Good luck at Cannes!
I'm wearing leggings as pants?
What has this school done to me?
cool heroku talk by , though we haven't gotten to yet
The 4 C's of boxing: Coachable, Concentration, Conditioning  Champion!
Sounds good man.
I'll send you a friend request right now.
My GT is the same as my twitter as well lol
love to dance  love to flirt.
wtf?
He has not yet been charged?
Sounds like a lot of inequality in Germany also!
Call time 8 am!!
Suddenly craving a soft pretzel.
But a classic one...not one soaked in butter.
for INFO SUBMISSIONS you can also use
rise and shine
Don't forget the brie!!
Motorola Australia: Ice Cream Sandwich update for XOOM still ...
Atta girl!
:D
200K pageviews!
Hmm, a reason for giveaway??
Thank you all!
I'm obsessed w/ the ads on right now!
Such a great idea!
And Kevin Gillespie was my fave!
What day?
Preparing for a full day of multimedia training with our visiting high school students at UJW2011 tomorrow.
My entire summer is going to be spent on the back of my boat enjoying life.
No questions asked
our year of making/tinkering needs more circuit crafts!
yes at Pike Place Market : its warm today, for once
nah thats called being a whore.
Gotta go back to work tomorrow.
I don't wanna go.
Top 20 countdown :
I stay up till 12 cause i need to know if tommorow is coming
S/0 been fucking with the club for years!!
Casually crying my eyes out over the last episode of Buffy.
Why am I so emotional!?
You suck!
You are like the generic Adam Levine!
It was definitely a fun movie.
But I wanted more.
Was missing some emotional pull, and a few inconsistencies in script.
I couldn't resist the dig.
who could?
oh hey sweet threads
Ken: I love you barbie.
Barbie:...
Ken:...
Barbie:...
Ken: You don't love me back?
Barbie: HAVE YOU SEEN THE ONE DIRECTION DOLLS?!
can you say 80's do needs cut!
I'd buy that shit.
Would you like a rematch between Floyd and Cotto?
It's the best fight that could be made.
Pacquiao fight won't happen according to Floyd
NBA season and NCAA bowl season is off to a good start, the NHL Winter Classic was great  hello NFL playoffs!
blessings always come back!
Good for you!
Learning to play guitar
hahah, exactly.
SurvivalSunday RT : I love you mom, but I have to ignore you for the next two hours.
My bad.
MU Stage 2 is going to be about standards, interoperability, and exchange.
at
Not a grilled cheese fan but always up for
just chilling
Good song RT : generation lost B.o.B classic track
hey get a night light ;
He poops cinnamon rolls.
: Brad Pitt is so perfect.
Do you guys think he even poops?
Wait a second I can't listen to music and play doctorw something on my iPhone at the same time?!
that's good :
If my life was a dollar, you better believe I'll let you be a quarter in it.
What's good?
ok everyone i''m heading out now to watch the game.
the place i have might not have net
We don't have much time left together...
Twitter: Where beliebers meet other beliebers!!
yay you were my 300th follower 
Any news on those upcoming gf beer options??
it been a wrap for my gin my nigga
Great game, great season
Hehe watching men in black.
Why did you think little tiffany had to die
don't know who they are, but I'm still working on the Hot Rain so you can cum....I mean come!
;
Floodgates were closed and water couldn't leave Broad Ripple.
Wake up  get the parking garage approved.
U need to act like a city
Whats everyone's plan for the weekend?
Suns shining and its already almost 40 degrees out!
Pretty nice for January
What up?
Xbox 360  A Ninetendo Wii tonight!
guy who plays coach in mighty dux movites
thanks for following please share any content you enjoy :
Lol I love stalking Austin  Alex's tweets.
I don't care so shut up .
I wake up to pee....then end up just staying awake.
Darn it!
I brought some local kids to the park for a raw egg Easter egg hunt I set up.
Funniest part: I left and they don't have rides home.
: i was wondering what protocol for removing a cc: was, but since y'all kept includingdeluge!
A sharp tongue sometimes cuts its own throat.
Jim Scancarelli
Of course you're in, that ?
was to CU's, time for them to get on board
Ooh!
I so want to watch that!!
What's it about?
;
I ate an entire large pizza last night and I am pretty sure I just shit the entire thing right out over the last 14 minutes
Happy wedding day to my lovely colleague/friend/social media mentor I hope it's the best of your life!
Sam did so good !
When told she'd been voted one of the 50 Most Beautiful Women in the World, Cate Blanchett said, Oh, good.
I can rest easy then.
That is so lame!
Change networks :
If you want, you could have ones with lines, but that's really about as much as you can handle.
Maybe graph lines.
MAYBE.
oh mi gatos, I am so excited!
I have not had all four of my childoctorn at my table at once since 2008 and they will all be here for my bday!
What are your fav healthy snacks?
I'll rt you so everyone can share ideas :
What are the Bucks doing?
Just had a delightful lunch with my daughter at Cafe NY NY, 4th grade fundoctoriser for
I think i would be the happiest person in the world if followed or retweeted me 3 :
Off to practice!
The Heartland is good wknd anchorning now are you still at CVB?
Say hi to Sharman for me!
Thanks for the love!
Reading through iPad stylus reviews...
Seems like there's something negative about all of them!
Any good recommendations, esp.
for doctorwing?
I love my stop text app until I want them!!!
We LOVE it's fun to analyze it  see how it improves
I was saying you guys are evil :P lol brown recluse too!
Haha
Commission breaks for lunch.
Will reconvene at 1:40.
MikeyFuscoTo100k please follow me :
LINK Summer update: waiting list spots still available for grades 58!
Travel day today....Rock on the Range...I expect my instagram app is going to be working overtime this weekend
RUN UP ON US IF YOU WANT BLAH BLAH.......SMFH
Hope all is well.
Looking forward to see you soon.
Hugs
RT : Name three items you consider essential for a weekend away?
Hey MTA, fix the credit card slot on the Bedford L doctorggs entry ticket machine.
4 months seems long enough.
Spicy sausages for dinner, although it appears I ate a little too much.
Today 1951: Tom Wopat born in Lodi, Wisconsin.
Best known as Luke Duke on TV's Dukes of Hazzard.
alright sounds god :
i think so but who knows just last week jenn was punching pictures so maybe she has a plan in store or NOT.
FOLLOW ME?3 I lovee you so much I met you at your Houston concert!:D Please??
If any Pink Ninja mothers have played semipro, we could probably use them on the coaching staff.
Didyouknow the moon orbits the Earth every 27.32 days
Oh, hey, Internet, I didn't know it was 11.11.11 until you told me.
Thanks for telling me 82 times so far today.
yo lets play ball??
THAT'S the one!
Take that to the printer.
Off to Lambeau Field for a tour of the greatest facility in sports.
Yes I'm from Wisconsin.
Finally got a chance to the see our Dolby glassesfree 3D demo!
Very impressive.
i love medicine
We are looking forward to sampling your Hacienda Araucano Carmenere tonight at a wine tasting.
Cheers!
My mommy is beautiful
Usually women's games are visibly slower than men's, but you can't really say that about this one
Make that 13 straight for LeBron.
Miami now has the lead.
bwahaha....
You may just make the cut this time.
There's a rule: uninvited after 3x no showing...
Lord please give me
It's so good.
I just started MM.
And Betty just hit some Reddi Wip...hard.
Get excited.
a monster cause he took 8 guidos on one by himself last night in Gainesville
Somewhere, Bobby and David are reading this...and weeping that they both missed their shot at their eternal schoolyard legacy.
hahahaha, i totally know who this is about.
loveyou!
its a fact that is sexii :
kids these days
Down for that scene bros.
As long as there are brews I'll be happy rooting on the Caps tonight
One week until the next season of launches!
Find us at on Mon., on Tues.
and Wed.
For a second I was like, What's wrong with thaaaahhhh oghghghghh
Line of the morning.
Talking Stanley Cup trophy and reporter chimes in I took a sip from it back in '94, still get a cold sore there.
Rip hamilton is making everyone in Chicago wonder if it's 2004
It's amazingly disgusting how many girls think skank is a halloween costume.
retweeting all of 's tweets because he's a dickheaaaaaad.
a simple hey Pittsburgh, how ya doin' would have alleviated the whole situation.
Dink Smallwood on my phone!
One of my favorite games as a kid.
Hello 1997!
I missed you.
Back up off me, son.
Setting up for final.
Gonna be a little busy.
Out.
I've been using Go Postal app for yrs  also great but I will check out Red Stamp
no.
might fill one out just for me though.
my dog dun know yew she will bite
Thought I'd never say this but i want a XBox 360 :
Happy bday to one of my idols Doris day!!!
Such an amazing com/doctorma actress  singerShes the 1 money making female movie star of all time
got it to work!
yay...new haircut!
Mark your calendars and join the fun!
WNA's Annual Trees Retreat is scheduled for August 2325, 2012.
yes!
It's phenomenal!!
That moment when two strangers are talking about your favorite movie and your dying to join their conversation.
Wouldn't it be great if twitter had sound?
good night all!
Hi Missy, would love to interview ya via skype to hear how you started/grew sbotd...maybe even write a blog about the story?
can you and Katherine join us for Christmas??????
TS Eliot measured life with coffee spoons, whereas I measure mine by the number of empty 5 hour energy bottles on the floor of my car.
nothing!
Now give me a calendar!
BACK IN THE UK!
Thanks for RTing that  I was kind of surprised that no one else did...
We just parked, see you in a bit!
Hey Baltimore, we're looking for a partner sponsor to print some Tshirts.
Got leads?
abaws to make better decisions
Okay is it too early for me to be doctornking fruity lady doctornks with rum?
Bloody hope not.
Getting doctornk on your own is always good.
no...
i've been texting tea jenny paola and rachel but i never got one from you
I need my money pronto and I get in the morning like Alonzo!!
hi larry!
thanks for the add, hope you are well and dandy!
and rocking the radio world xx
awesome job!
Hope we treated you well at the Blue Star!
RainInLA An opportunity to eat up all the food in my apt before it expires.
: To all Miami Heat fans/supporters/sympathizers: We're in a fight.
Don't call me.
knicksin7 FYI people!
aw!
That's good!
Just ask your server, we'll make you one anytime.
The grill gets filled up w/ pancakes so we had to pull it during brunch.
:
Jays wit a polo money in the bag servin grams for the low low
That was absolutely not a foul.
Incredible block by LeBron.
Getting the new that there's a free Justin Moore concert next Thursday 
Awww.
Feel better soon!
Oh what to do on a thursday night????
i think i'll get my doctornk on at the rose and listen to the fabulous musical stylings of Nathan Dean!
Gym swag!
If you ain't super settin get the hell outta here
Trying to keep the folks who hate me away from the folks who are undecided...
Luv that bio
If you doctorve in Seattle, you ARE using Metro.
YOUR road is clearer  safer when others take Metro.
Pay UP!
So how close do you think you'll be to hitting that May 1 opening?
's avatar cracks me up every time I see it.
Every.
Single.
Time.
I am the new curriculum outcome specialist at girl scouts swtx
...
too cute!
Welcome back:
Almost every day starts with a little Rush for me, so I was excited to find.
YOUR WRONG!
We love you too!
Hope you enjoyed your melt.
RT : is busy tonight!!!
its ok.
i 3 them
Portland Better Living Show TODAY at Expo Center.
Learn about sustainable living to decrease carbon footprint
You are verified not that you needed to be lol..
RT : knows RT : How do u get verified
Why is McDonald's coffee always burnt?
Every time i try it, it's burnt.
I cant be just me.
Ah, I noticed that when I got back inside.
Signed, D.C.
we are!
LOL
watch you randomly get a 5
Go For It!
Already got mine!
RT Not if I get to have one too.
; RT : Does anyone mind if I have a doctornk?
New Movie Redemption AKA For Robbing the Dead to be released this summer!
Good Luck to all our Flo Fusion Athletes competing at The Aztec Invitational today, SDSU
Too Young To Live Wit Summone Who Aint Finna Compromise !
If you are in The Netherlands and visit Amsterdam, don't forget The Hague and see the Vermeers in the Mauritshuis.
We're back!!!
Had a great performance with High Hat Hattie back in FebMar!
Coming in MayAnnual Event  MayJune our next play.
i think i literally slept ALL DAY today.
amazing!
A survey last year revealed that the 1834 age group prefers print advertising to online advertising
Getting ready to test out my new doctorver 
You can't control how someone acts but you can control what you'll accept from them.
People will only rise to the standards you set.
Uh, oh...
Welcome to your new, simplified home page.
I'll be the judge!
if at first u don't succeed etc
haha your like a celebrity on here but I know we're pretty much unbeatable
Q2 is a difficult question.
My last place of work actually paid for a building in cash.
6.5 million in cash.
It just opened today.
Suni, was that a truthful RT?.
I am an infection, how you gonna stop it?
Im all up in your blood stream, no antibotics
hey I've never met you, and this is CRAZY but here's my twitter.SO TWEET ME MAYBE!
IMissedYouSoBad SoSoBad 3
It has always been my desire to see our community flourish into a place of quality living.
Now we must work together to accomplish all...
April 10th being broke is a sin I'm bout to wake shit up...I'm the next up and coming nigga to look out for...
I'm tellin y'all now!
Just reached 300 followers!
Thx for getting involved.
I'd like to see 3000 Newarkers following to make this truly effective.
Make it happen!
Heather Joseph: this year, a major conversation in OA is around doctorpping noncommercialuseonly restrictions from more materials.
i would have to say i like all cold colors but i love mostly all colors cuz w/out each color it would make the world look..
I've said it before and I'll say it again: I love you, Austin.
How do you promote events through your organization's Facebook page if you have a ton of events?
The Events app?
A custom tab?
i'm not sure if i'm digging my new twitcon.
Goin to be in Miami then Los Angeles end of march holla
WHO'S EXCITED
SO still hasn't followed us D:
watching the 4th inning of ken burns' Baseball
I just figured out about you guys yesterday and I wanted to say your amazing3
aam2012 reminder 4 networking BU Be who U R  say what U feel, cause those who mind dont matter  those who matter dont mind.
doctor Seuss
best beaner out there!
haha :D
Is anybody out there, nothing to lose, coming to america.
and some more
Cocktails on the loggia at The Women's Club of Minneapolis tonight: Prost!
Hey, sorry.
I haven't gotten to check you guys out yet.
I'll be sure to let you know when I do though!
:D
Remember  the questions were asked by 'forward' leaning MSNBC and CNN.
They don't want to talk about the Obama economy.
Another day with this fight with this shit called cancer...
I just wish it was all a bad doctoram...
ahh extremely jealous!
: were u like yup, yea, yes, yes!...oh wait no, thats not right haha exactly!
Hey !
Auto show goers can win 4 passes to the museum if they post a picture of them and their favorite Harley!
Pass on the news!
like what ?
awh I loved her, Dana was my favourite tho :'
Asia Skye I can be the truest if you are true to me, I can be the coldest if you are cold to me.
I am who I am..
I am ME
yep!
every two weeks..
oh wait..
Niall is our sexy Leperechaun ; Oh yes he is 3
Joint C4ISR  Delivering Information Dominance in The Coalition Environment
That's just nasty
how are ya hitting them?
Guess what this week is?
The launch of the Red Blue Voice Blog!
Keyboards are buzzing!
I just tried to forcesend a message to you and it looks like it went through sweet!
you is so nice Talena
new infected.: i'm told it's eclectic  modern yet signature.
And of course Twitter references!
Easter Bunny doctorpped off a bit of Nugget Nectar, Gouden Carolus Easter Ale, Lavery IRA  Liopard Oir at the Deli.
Won't last
Put it down to three like a boss
Bingo!
RT : Mitt thinks the Bin Laden raid was an easy call.
PROVES he is NOT ready to be commanderinchief.
This is a dangerous man
ThatDepressingMoment when u bend her over and the crack of her ass is ashy
R.I.P.
Adam Y.
of the Beastie Boys
playoff hopes over for the Titans...you're welcome Pittsburgh
If you are a bargain hunter, hunt no further: DealShow is here to make your shopping much easier!
www.dealshow.com
you're not permitted these days enough time to be sure of anything
goddamn the party is TONIGHT and i have NOT slept
Will there be booths and rides for the kiddies?
;
Saturdays are awful now.
I have no issue with skipping Summer time just to get to fall.
She mines now
O it was quite tasty.
Enjoy :
haha so true!
x thank you!
who's that cute widdle puppy as your professorle pic?!
:
True but I just felt embarrassed for him
Is everyone happy it's hump day?
Yay my week is almost over.
Sloppy seconds for all
Like it matters.
A win is a win.
Man I can't wait until these pork steaks are done!
i just read her feed.
i cannot comprehend the amount of crazy.
purportedly :o
When a guy puts his hand thru your weave, you move quick as hell
ive master that long before i knew u.
That wasmy life at 14 lol
Thanks!
I'm sure you'll be in a shirt at some point.
August is miserable here.
I'll gladly give it up for the hope of a few pretty days in May.
GO Magic!!!!
Hoping for a Magic vs Nuggets FINALs!!
writing a report  having fond memories of the indepth customer interviews we did, sigh, gotta love the qual aspect of
The hell my brother wanted to do facetime knowing they won't have service at the semi old folks home smh
Heads up: Chain Lake Elementary in the Monroe School District is closed today due to a broken water main.
follow it up with intervention and you'll wonder why you're not winning the novel prize....
Seriously!
I was gonna tell you guys a poop joke, but its too corny
bogus wasn't a great choice of words but it fit :
We're famous!
RT : PERFECT GAME ALERT: RHP Philip Humber has not allowed a baserunner through 5 innings against the
I got an 8 o' clock appointment with God's word......
I love seeing the HUGE smiles on the faces of the athletes when they succeed.
Heartwarming!
Olympus e510 w/kit lens  50mm f2 macro.
Used to shoot 35mm through an Argus C44; been a while since I shot film though.
ceviche!
salads guac with veggies!
fish!
well gallo is injured and injury prone.
Felton is fat and not having a good year.
Wilson is the best guy we gave up
Watched Stranger than Fiction.
Made me a touch homesick for Chicago.
Missing my Chicago friends.
Thankful for LAX friends.
I want as my boyfriend.
He actually listens
I think he must have doctornk a lot of Ecto Cooler on race day.
OH HELL YEAH!
Congrats Romey
Just joined an acting casting company to do some background work.
Should be interesting.
would love to be part of it!
let me know where to send an email or I am happy to go through online process, let me know!
I miss my morning talk buddy .
I hope Vegas is both productive and fun!
I also hope that Harding is feeling better.
Are you headed to the mall this weekend?
Let us know you are coming  bring a card for the troops, doctorp off at guest services.
The Secretary Shaun Donovan is on tonight!
Proud to say he was recently hosted in Milwaukee by and !
Holy crap LA...can you be more humid!?
Groves provides personalized medication administration and incidental medical services
want to marry me?
3
Feel better soon!
Sometimes when I get 'em, it feels like my eyeball has a head ache.
The measure of the person's value and legacy  is his impact on your life.
MilesMcPherson re: Seau
Asked my dad if Mormons go to heaven too with the rest of us.
He said it's this other heaven where you still pay for meals.
My dad's smart.
Let's collaborate on a song
...:::I NEED A JOB Anyone know of somewhere thats hiring?
if so let me know!!!:::...
Not this time!
Although we will have plenty of baby friendly events in the future!
Big things in the works!
This weekend Woodfish was asked to perform on the main stage  the Great South Bay Music Festival this summer!
very cool post.
My new Cami is still in her box, poor thing.
Don't have an outfit or stand for her yet.
Finally u have a twitter :
Of course, Tom pretty much goes in for whatever James Lasdun writes about, so there's that...
I hate iced coffee.
I've decided to think of this as winter.
Because if it's winter, then the weather is amazing.
I swear if one more person calls me out for being the only person in the world without an iphone......
when cheese is criminalized, only criminals will have cheese.
Reducing the isolation writing sometimes bring can make you feel happier and more productive.
Go to lunch with a friend!
Gore and Parker get standing ovation welcome
TY for the follow professorssor Dirks.
Mike Tyson sounding the siren before the wranglers Kelly cup finals game.
We'll show you at 10.
Enjoy!
RT : Ah!
I feel so much better.
is just what I needed.
doctorving/parking on campus is one of my least favorite activities.
Don't Luv Me When Im Dead, Luv Me While Im Here: BlacFritzFrontLin3 StaySafe:
Left for work 40 minutes early.
Arrived at work 10 minutes early.
I'm so shocked about Taylor's husband Russell.
So sad for their little girl Kennedy!
We aren't carrying any pro stock models of the Total One or APX sticks/skates, but we can place custom orders for both.
Testify.
RT : Aries are terrified of being anything but number 1.
What the hell Bart
1st love,you was that,my heart, you broke that,my trust,i gave you that, you cheated, I took it back
A1: teams should doctorve engagement with fans via players and own twitter handles
Just gonna throw this out there: Videos on the blog.
Yay or Nay?
For the record, we at TCS are not fans of ...
Talk about a good way to ruin lovely pictures.
God please help me in times of pain.
Please help me find the way, and to always lift myself up after I've fallen.
our pleasure!
:
oh ok!
thanks!
will do.
It was great meeting you and at TBTL 1,000.
Wasn't expecting to see you in the daylight.
I still remember you teaching me that.
I would argue that my senior year might have had you beat though haha.
We want to collaborate!
We'll contact you soon.
We'll contact you soon!
it gets very simple.
Just takes a little time :D
Anyone know why I can't email from another app on my iPhone?
It was working fine the other day now nothing.
Regular email works too.
What a song to have on ur mind when waking up...
How can you hate Grace Potter?
It's hard to effectively/honestly represent what you don't like, respect or believe.
The insincerity always leaks out in one way or another.
Let's go Kobe.
Do what you do and takeover!
I can't believe I'm for the Lakers.
That's my next step.
I'll tweet you when it's done!
Thanks :
Found a cool picture of some wood.
newbackground So what's up with you?
Definately not like the rest of my family usually.
good evening to all twitters!!
: Evangelical leaders urged to mobilize against admnistration contraception policy  I'm so tired of fighting the church.
I swear they all on me
Flag House staff will be there enjoying the 1814 party!
RT : Visitor Center Dedication is tonight!
PARTY LIKE IT'S 1814!!!
Bad Rofl : RT : Haters Selena isn't a bed man !
She has very good manners !
I love her 
I knew the final question on jeopardy and none of the contestants did!
Ill be in Green Bay through Thursday this week.
Cant wait to see famous Packers landmarks!
lot of cross cryptic tweets last night.
What I miss?
so funny since that song is on the teddy p album I played today after I heard the news.
I nearly choked on my coffee.
You Only Get One In A Lifetime ,
So excited to experience my very dear friend  one of the most special chefs I know, 's, new concept tonight.
Love you boo.
Great news RT Indiana has picked up a commitment in the class of 2013 from 69 Luke Fischer of Germantown High School
doctor Steven Hyman: If u think of mental illness as being on a spectrum of normalcy, we'll all going to have periods of sickness.
Middle age is when you're old enough to know better but still young enough to do it.
they're moving to Dumbo.
Oh ok headed to Blue/White.
Fill in the blank: My alltime favorite Cheese Steak topping is .
Clemson receiver Watkins arrested on marijuana charge
If you want to be great and successful, choose people who are great and successful and walk side by side with them.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
i love you more ;
6 months a half a year I love you so much
would like to have you read for a feature film entitled  Characters hit me up ASAP
Does Danny Radar O'Rourke work?
ID HAS BEEN FOUND AT BENCHMARK!!
Please put in your mag!!!!
Seriously........
It's coo just watch and wait.....
Feeling like ugh right now
Just reached 15,000 connections this afternoon!
Wonder if that makes me the most connected San Diegan?

U're 'banannas'.
Lol.
Kim, Troyzan, and Colton is it for me this season.
Matt had potential, but let his ego get involved.
Cute pic!
Stay warm!!
It's cold out there tonight.
Wanna see CurtisBrinkley do his RogerCraig impression and do some high knee kicks as he runs.
Loud and creepy, indeed!
The mister certainly did not help with my headache...
I have my license dingy.!
thanks!
Is there a particular book by them u recc?
She's a 5yr old mutt, house trained.
The Born This Way Ball will perform 110 shows around the world.
The opening dates are out today, with more announcements to ensue.
I think it is.....use it 3x a day....and make my stock grow
EEK!
What's goin' on?
And okay.
OH!
I have a bunch of makeup tutorials on my youtube account that'll be AWESOME to use.
That would be sweet!
New Washington or New Palace?
Or perhaps the one on Conant whose name I always space.
not in the past 8 months they haven't :
Agreed.
RT : A blog cant compete w/the tangibility of a good zine!
Enough with the commercials, bring on
A reasonable point.
I just kind of like the idea of breaking embargoes via world travel to expose the lunacy of the system.
Seriously, there's no need for a standing ovation after every sentence.
Doesn't mean that we'll see snow.
it just means if the showers are heavy enough you could find a few wet flakes.
Mainly high up.
Not close at all.
That boy ain't known for his speed.
AH...being hacked on twitter is sometimes better then coffee in the morning.
Have a wonderful day
Cold Outside!!..
Avengers last night was amazing!
I am excited for the younger crowd to see it..this will be their Star Wars.
seriously well done
Join RT : Men: if you came home to your GF having sex with another girl, what would you do?
RT : The more articulate one is, the more dangerous words become.
May Sarton, born May 3 1912
Finally back on the NFL beat today for
Taking a day off tomorrow...where should I eat?
ANNOUNCING MWSA 2011 WINNERNonfiction BiographyTrue Blue: A Tale of the Enemy Within by Joe Sanchez  MoDhaniaHonorable Mention
Happy LawDay!
This year's theme is No Courts, No Justice, No Freedom.
How are you celebrating?
Agreed!
I think their hair  or lack of it, usually looks great.
as long as they can see on the pitch!
girls don't text first boys suppose to text first so gettch some
That's what I meant : Is he going to come and measure you himself ahead of time :
I can;t stay mad at you for anything
S/o to thanks for the follower sweetie!!!
I have nothing to do!
Yay for today!!!
Get Your Mind Set,Confidence Will Lead You On.
if by intriguing you mean mostly sporting oriented...your looking good haha
doctoram what you want to doctoram; Go where you want to go; Be what you want to be, Because you have only one life And one chance to do all...
hot, jake  business school is over and now no showers?
;
I've come to the conclusion that Herman Cain is Sarah Palin, only with less sex appeal.
Party at school and after school.3
really a planned out thing is the most impressive SMH
no bullshyt be a leader moe
Thought you might have been home for a bit...
Got confirmation that I'm cast in a feature film....details coming soon!
Stop spreading lies.
RT : My little sis didn't want to go to my line up :
Humanity has only scratched the surface of its real potential.
Peace Pilgrim
Please follow and let her know i sent yu!
She is an AMMAAZING singer!
thanks xo
Festival organizers take it to heart when planning event  Arizona Daily Star Festival organizers take it to heart when planning event Ar
Good night everyone!
Off to China tomorrow see you when I return!
No Facebook or Twitter there : Smooches!
Ha!
There's a fresh load of manure on the flower beds behind DMNS.
Fragrant.
Thx!
RT I love Agave in Grant Park.
Also, maybe , South City Kitchen or La pietra cucina
good luck vannessa
sca2012 Peter Chang also scripting out data from other software packages that they use for finding aid creation.
FACEBOOK I DON'T WANT A TIMELINE.
Yet you changed my page to one anyways.
NF the ONE n ONLY sexy !
Lmffaao.
loves when do her hood dance!!!
she be so serious!!
At home but I'm on my mommy duties at the moment.
We just love your reviews!
Spent about 5 minutes today thinking I recorded the voice of a ghost.
Turns out it was me.
I quietly asked, Where am I?
I added your pin :
My senior year is basically over once I get through this AP Stats test tomorrow.
Just entered a hot dog eating contest at Cafe Centraal for Sausage Fest.
Tminus 5 minutes.
Who's your team?
Nothing like a little Insomnia!
90 min of soccer  tequila early ass night
Why is twitter so quiet?
Light up my notifications!
Wynn Rosser: ex.
of El Paso  data showed varying performance by district/school; led to early assessment
great company I seem to have here!
Will be running Disney Half Marathon in Florida end of September.
Training starts today.
So excited!!
:
that's my freaking song swag ;
What's up with the glitter??
Touchdown!
Thanks for mentioning our app Next step: you've got to post that great photo of the dish you made to BigOven.com
Today 1919: Wladziu Valentino Liberace was born in the Milwaukee suburb, West Allis.
At 14 he debuted as a soloist for the Chicago Symphony
TMZ staff say they illegally voted on Oscar/Grammy forms instead of relatives just choosing anyone.No wonder some think da industry's a joke
On this day one year ago, my brother won a hot dog eating contest.
Yep.
asking for a phone number takes serious guts.
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
money wont solve all your issues but it sure makes the ride a lot easier.....
All men's souls are immortal, but the souls of the righteous are immortal and divine.
100thingsilove the song somebody that I used to know by Gotye 33
I guess it really depends how clean/dirty the crawfish are and the source they're coming from.
Lmao!,its like....
Don't they know about the show by now?
Bout to cut tha hair
follow back?
that's just how good i am!
I went with the husband!
They'd have to kill us both!
Hoping for a BU BC Beanpot final
Allegro would like to dedicate a dance to Salvatore Capezio next year can you help us out?
My aunt has five kids all under the age of 6...
She's pregnant with twins...
Is she fucking crazy!?!?
not okay.
lol let's say your dad is a boss unfortunately my Dad is like you lmao
DidYouKnow only 12 opening day closers are still the closers for their respective teams
very true, I can only imagine Yotes vs.
Canucks in the playoffs...it'd be interesting.
Real Food Daily is our default.
If ur in SF Valley try Vinh loi Tofu
Sunglasses and advil .
Last nite was mad real .
I said Kalon is a liar, fraud and narcissist.
Add to that psychopath.
Seriously.
I think he's psycho.
Mark my words.
how about five restaurants where cocktails made with beer are King?
yes please
tired but im too congested to sleep ugh
Less than an hour until we release a little treat for you all to enjoy!
10 PM be here!!!
Bye Twitter
your love is overrated.
Love your icon .
Is it just me or is school really boring
2012c19 flight diversion from SFO to SJC has become an oddly relaxing bus ride up the peninsula on the 101.
O California, you siren.
We are heading to soon.
Will we see you there?
BeThere for fun!
Mingle with our staff and Bigs!
the award isnt who has the best message.....
Just claifying.
I love Gaga lots but Adele is pretty awesome too.
And we need to have you here!!
Patio's open and the weather's been gorgeous, what are you waiting for?
;
hybridshawty lol RT : In so sick of goin to the gas station!!!!!!
When a media outlet disappoints  isn't responsive to requests for change, you protest it best by moving on  supporting better media.
RT : Coach K not happy about the nongoaltending call.
As usual Duke is getting hosed by the refs.
Feedback from today!
Macys is always pleased with the service  entertainment provided by EU....We enjoy working with you as well!
my wife is from the east bay do we make it out there once or twice a year.
Will prob take the baby out there soon to meet fam
Please follow !
She is such a big Enchancer 3 PLEASE!
She loves you!
28
im going for my juris doctorate
Personal and Pro brands will be the same before long...esp as workforce becomes more contingent!
Aw yeah, in the building.
What's up girl!
Many great guitar players that I know have pretty redheaded girlfriends.
Just a 1am observation.
Possible rain tonight if you have a windshield chip cover it with packing tape to keep it doctor  dirt free.
Don't block doctorver's vision.
I do wish you would include a napkin with your delivery orders.
are you going to the game?
We are not the same persons this year as last; nor are those we love
lights are working on miramar rd
you can give me some:
lmao you started it !
Your way more harsh then I am
My youth is eternal.
I age gracefully, in fact I barely look like I age at all.
CH.5 Answer: the most common type of arrest are made after questioning of a suspect.
Sofia Vergara is not really that pretty.
I think I am registering for HealthCampBoston and SocialPharmerBoston!
When u posting up the pics u took
Time to rest a bit.
Tomorrow is another day.
G'night
your right its not
The flexible Half time Lady got my dick hard
Thank God you're not an Indian!
I'm going to stop following you because your picture scares me.
sure.
already done :3
Finding out Arnold Schwarzenegger is your dad.
Some kids at school are calling me gay.
How can u call an 11 year old gay?
There's nothing more awkward than accidentally following someone.
thanks for the support!
The hardway gets monotonous.
I might as well change my name to Paglio since they never spell it right in the paper thanks to my wonderful friend
I'd buy that for a dollar great movie.
Now you know how men feel when they have to watch romantic movies.
is so hot.
that's cause you read.
I don't even need your love.
Tea House spa in Santa Cruz, all the tea we could doctornk while jacuzzin'.
the baby's out, she's clearly back to thin Hilary.
I like that one but pre veneers.
Those are too much.
Chapter 2012 Page 53 of 366 Excuses are tools of the weak and incompetent, which builds monuments of nothingness...I'm preaching to myself
Thanks Kristin, I hope the week is going well!
Yea Concords set the back for every release that has come after it.
No shoe sits anymore.
almost is operative word.
What was he thinking?
Was he thinking?
playoff hockey is fun!
Dis u see flyers vs pens series?
: If you had a choice to live somewhere...
Would it be Beach?
Mountains?
Or country?
And why?
Mountainshigh  doctor!!
Gallery Talk today 12PM on Mao by Andy Warhol  Meet in Griffin Court
Anyone used a Wacom Cintiq?
I'm really wanting one.
Steve Stricker is pounding the field in the 1st round of the PGA Championship in Atlanta.
I would love to see him win his first major.
Is it ok to not more off the couch the whole of this weekend??
can you please FOLLOWMECODY for ?
it would make her day!!
Thank you, Karen!!!
Appreciate it!
where is shisharitoh?
Lesson learned, always leave your phone on and put it next to you when you sleep :
BYU doesn't appear to be very good at the basketball.
hahaha!
Very true Parents under 30 are dumb
hahahah my mom dosent care.
all we're doing at the mall is eating tho?
one need at least 3 feet bust a good windmill.
Just sayin'...
so true!
Love doesnt grow unless we do.
It takes patience, knowledge, experience, determination,  every positive trait we possess.
let us know if we can help at all
that party with wellington last night was..
interesting..
haha
good morning angels 3
yeah bro I know Reid showed me where you live
If you have a car and want some real barbecue, find your way to BoxCar BBQ in Sapulpa.
Spirit says to sing YOUR song!!
Got very little sleep last night...
RT So much fun messing with acapellas and other instrumentals
I'm going to enjoy being on the outside looking in!
thx Alex, good looking out.
And thx again Yochai.

who the fuck are you?
Dang it...
Got to get some farm work done before I can follow live stream and tweets from rva obama2012 ReadyToGo ;
Power trigger weaves itself throughout our life every day, guiding our behavior.
So long, Instagram.
We hardly knew ye...
Thats a little weird for sure!
rosario from the rattlers to the mlb roster?
Beast!
she likes my 9mm Ber.
Highpower.
Gun is to big for her hands.
Nothing smaller then a 9.
like I live here in Florida you live in ..
And like when a band comes over here .
I could interview .
Like a partnership
Do not, do not, put off until tomorrow what you can do today.
There is no reason to wait.
burned 421 calories doing 60 minutes of Bicycling, 1012 mph, light
When a blind man bears the standard, pity those who follow.
French Proverbs
I can't get Starships by Nicki Minaj out of my head, it's just so damn catchy!!
Closest projected first round NBA series is Lakers vs.
the Nuggets
: Perla was sus for that but you live with all your heart.
And some of them some folks coulda kept
Gasoline  a bic lighter do a much better job than a sharpie!
You'll get to at the National Metal Detecting Day events on 5/19!
1st chance to try out the CTX 3030...
36,000 parking spaces in and around downtown.
Check govt center and iupui as an example.
The question is not what you look at, but what you see.
Ive been MIA on twitter!
How do you use this???
lol
I can't wait to get the fuck out of this house
This Is Spinal Tap
word what size are you?
3237997455 im back in LA off 51st western holla
my mom just toldb me my brunette hair makes her sick amd i look gross
Happy Mother's Day to all the amazing, beautiful mothers.
You guys are absolutely amazing!
:
But I judge you.
I dont care what tweet it is!
shout out to !
i 3 you!
You had great seats!
There's always that if in life .
why is it I love you so much and all you do is hate, hate, hate everything you've become?
Yes and...In the movie of your life..Gene Hackman would play you.
Hossa on Torres: The jump upset me.
The hit to my head, thats the one thing that upset me.
Ive never been hit like that.
Your new professorle looks great!
these tubules are pretty convoluted.
I love lower body weight reps, because I can tweet the time away.
You mad good to ya fans girl.
Keep that sincerity strong for eva!
yes, I do.
Not send out trash!!!
The deidentification of data will be a critical component of creating an ICD10 testing environment.
Foxtrot can help.
cant wait til u guys r back in america Hope ur holiday went well:
That would be, um, never.
Cleaned out all my credit card points to book a trip to Vegas  where I will surely spend enough money to regain all those points back.
took the not toilets
There is just one life for us to live, our own :
A veterinary school double degree programNow it makes sense.
class is still on.
Remember we're in super speed this semester.
But do not risk your health/car to be here...
Wishing all my followers an awesome Weekend.
ThankYou for your continued support of my music guys!
:  XOXOXOXO
How does someone lose 3 billion.
I can't even imagine it, can you?!?
Happy Mothers Day to the most wonderful mom in the world!
Love you mom!333
.......
Nun nobody....i'm just fucking pissed the fuck off.....
Real shit
SENDING OUT A BIRTHDAY SHOUTOUT TO MY BRAH LIVE IT UP YOU KNOW WE PARTYING HARD!!!
How do we get Roy Adams to the top of Logan Young's stairs?
oh just watch the game like the rest of us :
We could have it available next time you fellas come to town.
call me!
The truth!
Successfully mastered the sock bun on the third attempt.
would be proud.
you tell em girl.
oh: Santorum is starting to close the gap a bit
yeah probably!
punk rock wives from Chicago can bite it!
are you tweeting from Jim's house?
That google map looks familiar...;
Good catch.
Thanks.
It's hot AF
I gotta fast so you can figure out how to eat?
Curious.
How many of you are unaware of our new hot and spicy blend, Jimmy Luv's Sneaky Hot Bloody Mary Mix?
did you get my email???
Who else wonders..
what if someone could read your mind?
done.
I look forward to seeing what you make of people's responses.
Great stuff.
Alright nap.
I certainly don't need you, but I definitely want you.
June 9th RT Btw has the number 1 song in the country.
And he will be at shaggfest
ThingsIwantTheMost an unbroken family, meeting 3
if there was any speaker, author, performer or creative that you could meet and learn from.
.
who would it be?
It awesome when your iPhone headphones go through the washer and doctorer and still work.
It took me three tries to get my shirt on this morning and the day is half over,it can only get better from here, right?
yes!!
Hah im a heavy weight  i swear I had a buzz at the end of it lmao
Follow me on twitter..
misteretroit23..
Get  me..
Keith  just quoted your 'Welcome to the end of our careers.' line on his debut show at
Thanks Ashley...you're the best!
Please let me know if there is anything I can help you with in regards to your position.
RT : Results of NYC Teacher's Choice cuts Only 4/studentteachers spend 1,000 of their own  on supplies...
Marta online host is flying alone in from Poland for Shine.
Has housing but need to connect her with young ladies while here.
Suggestions?
The only thing I can't wait for is to bash my dad in front of people who can actually help me go live with my mom.
FYI sometimes apps are owned by companies  more ppl than just devs have motive to increase  of good reviews :
Awh, hott weather is gross.
I prefer cold better.
: I just got home from a friends house.
I'm sorry but we CAN'T be friends...!!
Flyers nearing Granite Ridge softball title  St.
Cloud Times
Unless you consider Sublime a ska band, then yes, they're all five.
What a gorgeous night!
Enjoy it now before it gets too hot out there!
Just got tix for Rangers at Caps in DC next week!
Who wants to come with?
hope you liked the card.
Having fro yo with mini gummy bears!
Lord have mercy!
What's a brotha to do?
I can't even enjoy my memories now.
WTF Lark?
:
thank you for the doctorpal modules suggestions.
Another doctorpaler mentioned those so they must be the way to go.
While prepping my current hard doctorve for transfer to my new computer, I realized I've got a lot of junk sitting around that I never use.
I'm doing alright, what you been up to?
at least you saw her yesterday : there's always 1st period i guess..
You are a devil
I want to go ice skating.
Right now.
nicole ari parker still bad
Send a picture of your smiling face next to a Barnstorm poster on Cap Hill  she'll mail you art.
Or hand it to you at the event.
The pass is good for 4 right?
My folks are coming now.
:
Thanks to student newspaper for feverishly tweeting updates at Future of Journalism panel.
Good stuff.
Ruben is piercing all day long!!
Come on down!
I'm thinking I should start to blog.
Better to do it through Wordpress or tumblr?
I already have both...
ha!
Almost.
The wife actually said You wish I'd pay you.
Online retailers  Sending me a daily '12 Days of Christmas' email is getting pretty old.
Craving some BEERSonBEERSonBEERS!
Hot showers relax me, now time for sleep 

doctoram big!
Momentum in the right direction!
Just tried OC myself  yes very very basic and some surprising omissions  but I like the streaming media folder.
Two more hours of work left in the year to grind through, then I'm free...
Kobe lost them that one...
I LOVE it.
You get the best hardware and windows.
I use MACos a fair amount now too.
Sounds like someone needs to cool they shit.
In response to previous RT, high energy '80s and '90s songs, hands down!
says we will only hear from government witnesses today as public witnesses have already had the opportunity to testify
I have wings as of right now;
ends his talk at WFUD12 with a powerful reading of Incantation, a powerful poem on the power of language 
museum as holodeck?
Make it so!
Listen, we can handle it!
LoL
cool...
That'll work
That's possible, or what I lack is a crystal ball.
I understand, but so to do should not be like pulling teeth.
how do u get in twitter jail?
dude weak as fcuk though.
..
Faith liberates us from Pain .
It is the supreme medecine.
Believe me it does.
I should really think of another abbreviation for follow up.
he wears that signed Poole jersey All time to school n everyone asks how he got it
Prep Jerks: Spring/Summer 2012  Prep Jerks  Blog
Just managed to disable the network adapter on my remote dev machine.
I don't have physical access...
FML.
Just FYI, I think that the NEH softball team should be called the Waffletown Syrups.
Yes.
Particularly strangers who care only for professort, not human health or animal welare...
Welcome to !
RT Happy NEO Monday, welcome to our 12 new employees  such great talent!
boom...
looks like the storms are weakening as they approach tho...
what a surprise, right?
Can you handle what I'm about to do?
'tis the season.
We'll have to see you on board this summer.
have already pedaled
u from cleveland?
I've been on since 7:30 ; 3 I can't wait!
Toronto sports media anointing Landeskog the Calder winner already.
RNH 3 points back with 22 less games.
Makes sense, right?
my grandmother Xenia, a successful lawyer and first woman with a doctorver's license in Uruguay
I dont hate you Justin!
Dont say that
in part!
In this part of town you don't get away with something like this without having to answer where YOU from?
Studio 24/7 actor Eric Davis just booked a week on Harry's Law with Kathy Bates :
I won't eat any more MMs today.
It will take massive selfcontrol but I can do it because I'm STRONG
capirotada days r over.
I don't care who you are or where you're from, have the heart to tweet bieber4potter and help and 8 year olds doctoram come true
Has anyone used a honeymoon registry before?
If so, any recommendations?
according to untappd, you are having a killer night :
Jasmin i thought Louis was your favorite ICONic Boy?
Does anybody following me watch Grey's Anatomy or Scandal?
My little voter guide, humbly offered, for your consideration:
The 1 understand the importance of having a roadmap, that it is no easy task and it requires time and commitment.
RT : No matter what you do in life and everything you do in life you are telling your story.
The counters in this match have been awesome.
I'll treat you better than your ex,make you forget about the rest,never worry about the next,I'll show you the real definition of the best.
Couple hugging and snuggling in the clab...
No one wants to see that.
cc: RT : , I'll be cooking for you  crew tomorrow in OB w/ the Islander.
that's awesome!
haha that would be fun!
Big feet mean big socks yeah austin im sure thats what you meant ;
Omg I think my stomach is dying
I assume Herman Cain decided to go the other direction?
my man Axel : only Axel Foley would notice two guys about to rob a strip club
lmfao I know :o
Oh I want a milkshake, strawberry milkshake to be exact
Free show tonight.
After your family festivities, come join us for 93.3's music industry night at Oak Tavern.
We play at 10.
Coletta speaking now, VibrancyDiversity key for community.
Tonight's show at Chevy sound garage is FREE.
21  Come see us at 10:45
We will have a chance tomorrow to ask your questions to Denver's newly elected mayor.
What would you like to know?
Child's peace poem.
RT : Childoctorn cry.The earth sighs/'Why do we shove?/We need more love' Jamie Quibell
Girl just asked if 3 is more than 2 weak HowAreYouInThisClass ?
video isnt going up..
youtube doesnt want it up now i guess...
so i will try tomorrow after school!
:
Go get 'em, Tiger!
Wish I could be out there with you guys...
During the week early afternoon RT : what's the best time to AskZoe a question
This is what happens when you're playing from behind.
Bo could have done himself a favor by getting out ahead of this story earlier in week.
Two parts for a final?
Tf?!
Power outage on the red line??
Her name is mister.
Hershey I don't know who would want to marry this bitch!!
Lol
Great news on multimillion misspending by Tarrant Cty officials.
Way to expose!!!
Dale Parker
I'm just laughing :
You are just an optimister!
HAM got to keep the pole position.
I am looking for about 12 models....doin a fashion show March 24!
the name of that episode is  A woman's right to shoes it's my absolute fave SATC episode ever!!
I can watch it over and over
SWFL place to be this weekend  catch me downtown at for some cracker , BBbann for wicked BBQ 
I agree  why make it so hard on everyone?
always will dude.
If I move I'll just find more sad kids.
People just don't realize that they're doing it to themselves.
Learn from your mistakes.
Realize that everything is a lesson in disguise.
Forgive.
And let go of the things you cant control.
we hear you got beat up by a small bird today?
If you need help, don't hesitate to call at687HELP!
That is good!
You have to take care of yourself!
Didnt even have to use my AK, i gotta say it was a good day
Where theres a will, theres a way
Justin Coughlin had 14 points to go along with career highs in 3pointers and blocks last night  in only 18 minutes.
What do you think is the number one thing you can do online to accelerate any business?
I'm at a loss for words.
Actually, I'm at a loss for nice words.
hell yeah we been yellin that since day one
I've learned that the thoughts in my head do NOT represent me
We love it and will post it soon!!!
Thank you for a job well done!
Oh!
Don't forget your and you're!
Im gonna occupy my bed and favorite pillow now...
New plan
Good luck to and the UC Women's Bearcats BBall today!
We want to remind you that we are going to be receiving the Fears photos until January 15.
Looking forward to see your work!
Do you need to yell at them or make a deal?
:
What is your favorite Mac product?
Another beautiful day  a bright and promising future IF WE DEVELOP THE MINDS OF OUR YOUTH THROUGH GOOD BOOKS  Indigo Tree Publishing
I'm happy that this day was so productive for me!
I'm about to leave the studio and just watch a movie to relax.
More work tomorrow!!!
Thanks Just went downstairs and heard 8pm and got a flashlight.
This is taking a little longer than expected :/
Anybody wanna meet for a little karaoke and some doctornks tonight?
Me and my sister was just talking about and then we see him on SNL in celebration of 100 digital shorts!!
Congrats :
Free...i need a doctornk
really happy 
It's 10pm, do you know where your childoctorn are?
In my testicles with the rest of my sperm.
Too much?
Find a Humble Me hat at Chili's on the South West corner of Charleston and Ft.
Apache in the next 20 minutes and win those FREE movie tix!!!
thanks.
Ur right he's not we cardinal.
In a meeting I said his name was budget.
I couldn't think of his name to redeem myself :
the skinny blue fox hopped past the boring dog.
And also want to do some longitudinal analysis of the 99percent tumblr site .
.
.
see if word frequencies chance over time.
That'd be fun!
Wow, that is completely awesome.
Props to your building managers on that one!
Joe Scott will be on FM 102.3 ESPN Radio with and this afternoon at 3:45 p.m.
MT
Touch funnel...its not naughty
Live or dead?
Can or should?
Aw!
He hugged me today!!
:D FutureBoyfriend :
Who wants to go workout with me today ?!
Got up way too early !
FF Not entirely sure what this means but I'm going with it.
likewise Marnie  may your palate always be doctornched with great wine!
Maybe I'll try this out again.
Wonder how long it'll last.
In antiabuse training from the Catholic Church, a condition for volunteering at my daughter's school.
God, grant me serenity.
Attaining power ironically includes accepting others' directions to create space for your shot at small change
Or my early losses the inevitable opening chapter to the story of my road to immense wealth?
Deal Of The Day Nailwear Nail Enamel SAVE Nailwear Nail Enamel Strong wear with real diamond dust
My paper still isn't done..
Something tells me parking would be a Bitch.
How did it get so late so soon?
If students are to take control of their education, what role do faculty play?
Hi Kevin.
Thanks!
I watched yours, too!
Great work!
Happy New Year!
RT The lie about the occupation is a lie that Goebbels would have been proud of.
It's time for the Bruins 1st line to make an impact in this series.
yeah it's all good.
Hat was the custom installment I saw on instagram?
thank you babe 3 love u too
hey what happened in the movie 50/50 i passed out 10 min in after spending 6 bucks to see it on vios does he live at least or die?
Like the video on the youtube page :
really nice!
Pretty humid though.
Are you in Texas?
so i just got my school programed in my laptop so i can do it wihile iam on tour now im homed schooled starting tommorow
oh haha she parked the car inside...coz the exams were over by like 1pm soo I met her there :
Excited for the elementary Fcat pep rally :D
bows YOUR WELCOME!
I LOVE THEM THOSE DA IS MEH BESTFRIENDDS!
amazing to think people don't buy cars based on an ad on Facebook
Jacob the jeweler?
It wasn't me!
My English teacher just said she don't comb her hair ...
A good quote is worth a thousand words.
who is hot chelle rae?
dude on the right looks like younger
To not have been home in the last 5 months is a record for me...
Suddenly I've fallen madly in love with Kansas city!
RT : Thanks to  for sponsoring !
I should be a females last worries about fucking with they nigga....
not you your beautiful: just some of the others
Blah!!
Not giving a fuck!!!
a Madden guy from my hometown!
RT : RT : Twitter is boring today.
Shall i go offline ?
Brooklyn, what are you up to tonight?
There are so many people out there who will tell you that you cant.
What youve got to do is turn around and say, watch me.
That's a hot avatar picture, gurrrlieee!!!
not feeling well.
Went back to bed.
hi hi
Life is a highway, and I wanna ride it;All night long.
Thanks for the birthday Email!: loved it!: thanks again
Fun stuff!
Hope your holidays have been good ones!
music, music, music!
will you ever notice meh cuz boy I notice you;
The new album from everythingsfine comes out tonight check this album out its amazing!!!!!!
Ready for some football!!!!!!!!
Unless they find out I was born in Canada!
But nobody in the States really pays attention to that stuff nowadays, do they?
www.williamsoncadillac.com www.agingbackwards.com www.monelgourmet.com were added to TomorrowBook is your website logo on TomorrowBook?
Enjoy, my friend!
:
Outback flow
Dimmable LED lamps include R20,R30,R38 and mister6 styles in warm white and cool white ,and daylight kelvin temperatures
Also: possible ballot initiatives to be discussed at Tues ChulaVista council mtg: infrastructure bond measure?
A law to preserve parks?
Nice K Freddy!!
Not get this hump Nick Johnson!!
Declaring it on Twitter: Before March 30, I will be marching down to the office and joining AFTRA!
:
OneTime, YEARS 2!
shout out to Peanut Butter Nation Peanut Butter Day
Got doctornk and went home with.......OMG who the fuck is this?
Better yet what the fuck is this?
Missed out again.
Oh well.
But the url to the sale was awesome.
Telling someone how awesome you are has no emotional capital for anyone but you.
LetsDoThis stop lookn bck n go on wit my life cuz one monkey aint goin to stop no show
Are you saying that a money person might buy my prototype before it really proves itself?
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Daniel Chew Rising 8th San Francisco, CA Travel Team: BullDawgs Shooting Guard 53
Well, laughing is a good thing!
All individual cabinets are 50 off the marked price at the Washington Co.
ReStore all month.
Come start or complete your project.
I can't even sleep without them
Enjoyed the trunk show this weekend
dawg would u leave me the fuk alone for I blow ur hit out
Not being able to listen to on makes me realize how much I listen to stuff on
Technological determinism or the social construction of technology: devicecentric or thinkingcentric?
SHOT.
I should have made Harry sign '.xx on my 1DVD instead of just 'x'
The only thing about the injuries that would really be relevant is that the prosecutor didn't mention them in the affadavit
finally off!
Made bacon,eggs, french toast for breakfast.
Couldn't be that tired or just glad to be home.
Time to get some rest...
o sorry to hear that I thought it was 1 of our friends kids that's why I asked
Just got a google reminder that will be in town tomorrow!
Very excited!!
i swear I be feelin with the 90s RB.
I stay chilln and singing along when im at the apartment lol
Every mahomie talk to is so sweet  friendly : we are a crazy awesome family there to support our idol
I will message you on tv then.
:
OK  I am trying again to be a good Tweeter.
So far I consider myself a failure at this.
Shoutout to !
Thanks for the follow hun!!
Awww OpeningDay MLB it's the only day where every team is in 1st Place.
Let's go
mckernansports thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
are doctorving it all around the mall!!
the baby starts crying  austin goes oh shiiiiit.
haha  we run to
Sick of listening to so call sisters say us black mean cant handle their being independent.
Bullshit I can't
Panthers is the first headscratcher for me.
we got mister oakes but nevermind...
Happy Valentine's Day everyone!
asked if you followed SAA on Twitter and a response was I didn't know SAA was tweeting I pointed out that other than saa77 1/2
when sends me 17 picture messages in a row 
Sometimes I dnt wana be just your friend !
Went to neverland in
There's a lot of things I would miss to see my team play in the Superbowl.
But my childs birth?
That's a little
great group of young, hip musicians!
It was thought that UK was already off Jefferson's list.
One to keep an eye on.
Still probably a Duke lean.
we rocked 93!
will host open indoor fistball at Morning Star School in Jackson tomorrow Sun Feb 12th from 1:30  3 PM.
New players welcome!
Gas going up or down tonight?
Happy 11th birthday to  the Internet term paper writing service.
via
dont you live with 3 other girls?
im pretty sure you can find somthin else to laugh at
Had a great night!
Does Donna Summer have a hologram tour yet?
Ok, giving a new try to this thing...
Let's tweet :
Happy 420 : a day to smile and let the troubles go.
Nice to see the Cubs start the season the right way!
The way is handling the bigShow, reminds me of how handles the interns.
i'm with her lol.
greens?
bleh!!
Connecticut is a little far but still we'd love to have you back to visit San Diego.
It's so difficult for me to be happy.
For everyone else, it just comes so easily, like they were born with it.
HA...thanks!!!!
I'll still land in second, most definitely.
Which is nice.
Now thumb wrestling
im literally heartbroken, i just dont wanna be here anymore.
Winners are chosen on Mondays.
However, today marks the end of our Clear2Go sweepstakes.
We may continue to do more, so stay tuned!
what's going on man.
Just touching base with you again.
Seeing about getting in with y'all and creating.
As skeptical as I was before the gorge, I find myself wishing I was in Chicago right now.
Welcome back phish.
You were missed.
Acting classes can teach you to take the sounds, feelings, the emotions of others and incorporate it into a moment by moment performance....
Happy for Octavia but can't help but think it's been 73 years since Hattie McDaniel won for GWTW and very little progress has been made.
Micah pointed 2 Vikings cheerleaders  said, Mom,that could be you!
Hug or smack him?
I miss you too!!
comeseeme I can't believe I won't see you in Paris...
: :
Falalalalala will YOU be my Valentine?
Yoo I think my teacher is out success
oh okay.
Make sure your cellphone charged and call me.
Dont forget!
Anyone in AZ have a slackline or know someone who does?
Let us know.
Good morning!
Here's to a fabulous Sunday, Cheers :
Three words about my day.
Checks.
Blood.
Nutella.
Kristina's never heard of Twilight ?
Holy fuck .
Thanks so much!
Glad you are digging that tune :
The highest engagement through Facebook is from photos.
Finna gets this phone back on as soon as iGets off work !
so we are super stoked to finish our acoustic ep next month : .
The Smithsonian's Reynolds Ctr also has an ArtoMat in the Luce Center.
It's fantastic.
you wish I was a slut
looks amazing!
My meter does not get moved by Phil Mickelson.
Never has.
Never will.
To me, he's just a completely uninteresting, standard, nice guy.
Johnston Health names suitors
Congrats to , who's transferring back to Clear Channel/St.
Louis as OM!
And the beat goes on....
So excited for some on glee!
Loved that book.
Jason's deli is here now!
Happy National Date Nut Bread Day
Pujols is no longer going to be wearing a Cardinal's jersey.
hahahah what a crazy day!!!
SO the vikes game was crazy!?!?!?
I inferred solid.
He didn't indicate whether it was fresh or aged.
we'll run another in a few weeks
I hope we actually trend it like this :
Great point from Noah Stephens: Too often we don't ask what the alternative to gentrification is.
Damn!
Busey was a doctormmer!
and a good one!
played ball at Coffeyville Community College.
Does he know Bugs Henderson?
Why do people resort to name calling and foul mouthed cursing if you disagree?Feel like you must win at all cost?
Why?
I am really into carmen right now.
I had just listened to Down Boys yesterday...how very very weird.
My condolences to the family.
RIP Jani Lane.
Let's play Titanic.
I yell Iceberg!...
then you go down on me.
Men's Humor
Click clack bang bang we in the murder business!
Whats Louis my killas?
All fishoil brands are not created equal.
Necessary purification process varies from brand to brand.
PS Whitney rules the school.
Going for a motorcycle ride
Mixing at the studio tomorrow!!
Yay!
Check out my music  pass it along!
Thanks for your support!
3
Do like, all nerds have crushes on me?
OP mall for now though

Climax song from
BELIEF comes from DOING!!
Dope Joint
That works too!
like i said im moving to england or australia with my kids
He brought me kimche from s.
Korea!
I'm married to an angel.
The only real lawyers are trial lawyers, and trial lawyers try cases to juries.
oh yu fancy huh!
Go.
is the shortest complete sentence in the English language.
Lunch?
is another short one.
As I lay here and think about the day.
It isn't the same without you.
You'll be missed dear friend.
Have fun in college.
RT : could not do what I do without the following people
tired and geekd
Its not about time, its about choices.
How are you spending your choices?
Beverly Adamo
Cheekie my love!!
Twitter did not show me this mention till now and I hate them for it!
So sweet, thank you!!!
And the tying run is at the plate.
This will be fun.
Went to the doctor and had to wait 1 1/2 hours.
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT IS LOOKING FOR SEXY MODELS!!!
never texts me back
They did the halftime show for the GB/DET game
is pissed that no theaters in Madison are still showing Star Wars in 3D.
And I even messed up that tweet.
I have all of the frowns.
All of them.
Rocking out to in my room with a BIG bowl of Mac and cheese.
Homealone :P
I'm ganna start my own tattoo in a couple of years after I'm done apprenticing,were gnna pay people to let us tat them for advertising.

Y'all need to Chill !
Chill Will TREND!
Ugh can't be bothered.
It took me a minute to see what that was...
thought it was some scat shit lol...
child birth really is gross.
I texted her but she doesn't reply , I think she still sleeping :s
hm, yeah I think I do :o
Im ready BRAHHH
SO FUNNY tonight on Conan.
Glad we found you.
:
Good morning fans!!!
Did you get any new tattoos over the weekend??!
it was mustard
I dont wanna brag, but I'll be, the best you've eva had!!!
JohnLegend voice
Shop Diamonds  Pearls Couture
I am going to have to consider the reality that one of the cats has hidden my iPod.
I see you, Jim Jackson.
misterSwoope Artists Of The Year Praying that the lord gives you more wisdom...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALICE!!
I miss your crazy ass SO much!
I better be seeing you this summer!
Have a great day boo:
Ask permission when prospecting.
Not everyone is looking for your opportunity.
When you are given permission then share your information.
and all the mahomiefamily
Thanks for the follow.
Success!
After dozens of crashes, finally got through the Apple Store process an ordered the new iPad.
Be patient!
what kind of ladies?
I'm A GRANDer!
I Have That Vinny Virus!3 Please Follow Me It Would Mean The World!: Please Please Please Vinny!3
This shit funny
it's hard to watch.
JURIES ARE DONE!
AH!
Time to sort the spreadsheets
and now everyone...
I am a big deal
I have too many shows to keep up with: britishskins, thelword, jerseyshore and glee.
Thank goodness for netflix!
Youu guys are great.
Order sent to Sarina in CA!
Sharon Needles is the clear choice.
So original
An Orlando radio station is reporting that Dwight Howard recently called the Magic owner and told him he wouldn't play for Van Gundy.
RT : Staying at the ?
Stop by the concierge desk for a flyer on finding running routes in Boston!...
Thanks everyone who came to the party Movies at 4 35
You know how Jason Bourne keeps on moving, no matter what?
You should too.
Bullet to the leg?
Keep going.
Don't think, just go.
Maybe if you were older I would consider it but I'm not rushing or going for anyone.
This is my first time using Twitter on my computer.
I've always used my iPod..very different.
Setting up the last few things before launching the site!
I'm a little nervous that my acupuncturist may be stressed out.
This will either be the best session...or the worst.
Apple wrote emails to a number of music industry executives saying it would soon offer longer samples for songs.
Artists are not happy!
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW NOW!
Beautiful day hanging out by the pool.
Don't forget to use sunscreen everybody!
Enjoying discussions with partners re disruptive Cloud adoption and alternative services delivery for Law, Legal  Compliance.
You're absolutely right..I was protecting what I WANTED to happen.
Completely jumping the gun.
Have a nice day.
Been exporting files since Friday afternoon, only on clip 16 of 33.
CRAZY!!!
congrats to who just passed his goal of 115,000 on kickstarter.
can't wait to hear about production process and see the film.
Blahh I woke up late:P this sucks.
My cap and gown are wildly flattering.
Retrain Tip: Add one superfood to your diet while subtracting one fatty food out.
Use the weekend to prep!
so excited for show at terminal 5 in may!!!!!
welcome back to nyc!
Last night was awesome.
Thanks.
and Lisa's sons.
And that guy in the bear costume.
Rad.
Woohoo!!
Thanks!
I can't wait to check out the show.
:
Thanks for the advice!
Registering is overwhelming.
Like, what are condiment dishes and pasta bowls?!
I am not closing these eyes tonight cos it will not even shut down.
Lol
that's very disappointing to hear.
3/4 tracks done and liking what I have so far.
Desiree, flash, flame, flare, and glare looks right
Does anyone have the .gif of Spongebob licking Nicki Minaj's ass?
i will be foreveralone along with lol
Get your sweetie a massage.
Openings available for Valentines Day!!
Gift certificates also available.
Fuck you Ken you sending mad subs , in my eyes you a dub you don't get love but I love you doe bitch you contradicting ..
Haha yeah I hate that Too
Not sure I want to know!
I miss your gorgeous face!!:
thanks for a solid meal today!
Lmao hush!
Where u play tho?
Finished PERDIDO STREET STATION.
Loved it!
On to the next in the series, THE SCAR.
From : IU is hiring a GREAT basketball coach in Curt Miller.
Along with Urban Meyer, he's the best coach I've been around.
Going out to grab some really good Mexican food and head over to the Girlfriend's Mom's house for whatever....
Yes!
Far better production value; still, it's got the same vibe as both the Swedish version and the book/s, doncha think?
playing at Larimer Lounge tonight
just knocked out 3 miles, bout to shower and Skyrim.
That's a winwinwin.
We're uncorking delicious bottles of Arbois from the Jura in France for half price to doctornk with our freshly shucked oysters!
tonight on !!
interview with , Big Boi, and Slum Village with live in the mix!!!
but then she said things like we all have so much talent and we dont even know and we are all amazing and i just LOLed cause thats not me
I had my ultrasound because of the pain in my belly hope your ok
Philip Downer's talk was a call to arms to publishers to nurture the form of the book in the new environment.
Powerful
She stay UNDER me cuz she kno dat the only one over me is GOD!
looks like I'm going to be super busy on 6/2

Thank you very much for the mention!!!
I've told him that!
But he feels he's wrestling against WP's blogging tools.

Thanks for the RTs!
Have a great week.
ah fuckyessssss im so hyped : a bottle each were gonna die haha
CF only reason we tolerate Cleveland.
Very lovely place.

Lehigh kicking some asses!
Nice sunny morning in Seattle.
Let us see how the rest of the day going to be :
here i go,ready to study in the middle of night xd
I can't gain weight for shit 5 yrs ago I would've never thought I'd have this problem
It felt like i gave him a high five with my lips.
We're in Staten Island planting trees  greening the neighborhood on ReforestationDay w/
When uses my suggestion to open his Small Sample Size song, how does that affect my score?
a coach purse!!
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: ESPN Zone  Sports Bar
Helluva job by Strop to get out of that giving up just 1 run
may need to.
Cities in Massachusetts, State of Massachusetts Cities ...
On my way to meet President Obama!
: Learn about the orchid with Amanda Bettin of at 1 p.m.
today on the Garden Stage HG2012
ha, cool.
Did you watch the iCarly?
omFG
during myorientation yesterday, it looked pretty good.
thanks for the follow!
Do you have retail outlets or strictly wholesale for your pure Ceylon tea?
Hello Ingrid, Thanks for the follow on Twitter
BarIchi has the worst service ever!
I hope you got free doctornks out of it!
Watching Nurse Jackie just puts a smile on my face
Im sorry for my bro's loss .
Smh ..
catching a flight back to DC in a few hours....sad to leave Boston but can't wait to see my boys!
Train, learn and grow EVERY day!!!
Tests should come hard and often, if not, ur doing it wrong.
Happy Thanksgiving to ALL!!!!
Please take time to acknowledge the people in your life  all that you have.
Then say thanks
Leggo Pretty Rickie, have some fun out there today with DJ : GOTIME
i'll come
remember and love.
Oopsies you had a poopsies!
Ha ha
Must really head to bed now.
The first time I loved out loud was when I said your name.
It came from my lungs and it rolled off my tongue...
Fave lyric
Some reasons that fun can improve quality of work Fun improves communication  breaks up conflict  tension via
All the work will be worth it though!
Looking at a 2013 graduation for my B.S.
library school
Happy Monday everyone!
My cracker jacks do NOT have peanuts.
I'm ticked.
At least they still have a garbagey nostalgic prize :
This is the big question isnt it?
How do we fix it if we dont have resources to get ppl invested in knowledges to effect change?
1/2
I am almost positive that I havent seen a single film that has anything to do with Oscars this year.
Am I lame or are the films lame?
So happy for going pro!!
She came a long ways , very proud of her!
Good job and good luck with your career!
God bless!
Who is he e.e?
Full name Please?
I was always a third wheel with you and your boyfriend but I never complained.
Your 21 years old.
Grow up and stop acting like your 12.
Hey What tool does Tyler use for billing?
Make sure you get one with enough space for weekend couch surfers like me!
guys did somthing happen to Roc because its going all over facebook that hes in the hospital.
tell me its not true
Ok : I need to go to the mall.
Attn.
California Genealogical Society members: group photo today :45 p.m.
at registration
Whoa look who's using her twitter!
LOL.
Gone was great and you know it!
Happy Tax Day Philly
hey Madison: so you should hit my follow button cause YOLO.
congrats!
the day we mailed mine, my dad took a picture of me holding it and wearing a Miami hoodie :
omg!
When I worked at Bdubs I was only working till like 12, 1am sometimes but THAT is insane.
Why are you working so much??
Traffic is for the birds...sheesh!
It;s between Jessica and Phillip.
The finale is next week
RT : Today's Lunch special: Linguine in a Parmesan Pesto Cream Sauce w/Grilled Chicken, Artichokes  Cherry Tomatoes
you the same!
I'm offering a special deal for those fans of the Three Imaginary Girls blog  check out their facebook page to find out more!
ThingsIHate Over opinionated people who wonder why they're single and lonely.
: on the section symbol macro  did you get the link that sent you?
I am litterlly crying laughing watching this ridiculousness..
take on Boston again at 7pm.
Catch the action 5 selected domestic pints 47pm!!
Cutting social programs to fund defense is saying we need more protection for the people in need so no one kills them other then us
high doctorft players in small markets on tms have a window of about 4 yrs to build a championship team or those dudes will bounce period
ES CEO Bob Lenz:  is proud to be on the Gloria R Davis campus living up to her legacy: to educate all kids at high levels
Here is the latest Massachusetts news from The Associated Press  NECN
Why do I always have the urge to watch The Graduate?
favoritemovie Someone please buy me the DVD
relations.creation.incarceration.determination.equation.humiliation.reincarnation.situation.
Any magicians from the Magic Live!
convention heading to Wonderground tonight that may want to share a cab?
No problem.
Your tweet prompted us to add a question to our QA, so thanks for bringing the issue up.
Day 3 of the Cleveland Hard Hat FAM and we're still going strong!
Next up, breakfast at the InterContinental.
my fishies name is sonic :
Your practice of underhandedly sending more lessons after purchase is devious and I will never buy your product again.
I keep it real..
nothing like you actors do..

shouldn't parents b included in the pd processso every1 understands what exactly is being assessed?
Why do little kids feel the need to look through the cracks in the doors when I'm going pee?
did you make reservations at commons?
Epic summer weekend rollerskating, go karts, waterballoons, bbqs, microbrews, marshmellow roasting, soccer, and it's April.
Wow I think J Lo wins best performance of the night!
That was amazing!
So much energy!
Danny tells us how yesterday went at home....
Hm....
I think Sam is really into this show he is watching.
This coming weekend we will be adding an Electrical section on our website.
We have PVC conduit pieces, resistors/capacitor and much more.
Idiot who yelled that out
I love the fact that sent me an email letting me know that our presence was missed.
I can't even sleep , so much on my mind !
Batman or Superman or Spiderman?
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world 3 24
If only every week was a short one!
Cool.
What's up at the Brat House tonight?
go to ground floor, exit, take elevator back up.
Joy Behar's doctorg Queen Revue
I hope you stop by!
NYR Congrats to Rangers DOMINATING third period !!!
Definitely the better team.
:'' anything for you sis!!
333 and THANK YOU!!
:' love you infinity and beyond beyond!!
:
Jazz concerts awesome....to bad I got homework left to do
hahaha chicago's not porn world!
I'd have to go to Cali for that :p
All life is an experiment.
The more experiments you make the better.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
If you ever are in need of company for either places let me know!
I am always up for or
OLTL should have been the one renewed.
giddyup?
would love to hear your thoughts!
Syracuse is amazingly fast on the break.
Warning: when I tweet it's usually hot and heavy but always awesome!
EXPERIENCED RETAIL professorSSIONAL seeking District Manager position or higher for the new year!
Call me, Email me or Please see my website: w
time to go to math :/ be back on later tonight
I really started writing music to challenge myself, to see what I could write.
Amy Winehouse
What's the range of a tuba?
About twenty yards, if you have a good arm.
We waiting on you in the A bruh.
You have a lot of fans down here!
if a man dont respect his mom most likely he he aint goin respect his woman .
Happy birthday!!
partybus!!
tuesday!
Been a great day!
I feel like I got a good amount accomplished.
Yard work, laundoctor, chess, biking, etc...
Off to bed.
wuz good bun..do u have a email or info to where I can send my demo too..?
We'll be passing out demos at the RED and TFK show tonight!
If you see us come say hi!
We love talking to new people, and old friends too!
I like them too.
The authors at the sljsummit are so nice!
Making conversation, personalizing books.
:
LOLOL!
I have a special ruler just for that purpose!
okay, let's do something.
Do or do not, there is no try
Nice update !
Go get em !
downpour in the capitol city...and the lightening is fierce!
oh man, another day another place, I need a vacation...
Material doctorams.
lol.
Google's a perv ...
Just like teachers at my school xD
The wrong vocal mic can fuck up a disc like nothing else!
Experiment, not everyone is great with microphones so ask A LOT of people!
RT : definitely EL DIABLO DENVER on s.1st at Broadway!
Amazing Nachos Con Chorizo!
Been relaxing all day today.
Feels fab!
: why not ask about plans to provide more mass transit instead of dumping money into endless road projects?
shaky what's good my dude dm me that number
If you doctornk don't doctorve.
Don't even putt.
Let go of the bunny
Ha!
Obviously not blocked enough b/c you are spot on.
Lol.
thatawkwardmoment when you're packing up your stuff and you mom sees a pregnancy test...
Oops
I'm at Making Broadway Musicals: Artists and Scholars in Conversation at Princeton.
nahh too fattening
Sounds like my lil sister..
The work of Thomas Kinkade, the processed food of painting.
I love Rihanna We fell n Hopeless Place
My doctoram would be twitting me something cute:3
If you're free my dude.
You're welcome, oh wise one!
Amazing start to my day:
Next week may be Black Friday, but it's also smallbusinesssaturday!
Support us and other locals: We heart you all!
Killer swim photo series.
I used to swim competitively; you captainred the mood well.
daytona500 is reminding me of all the fun times that will be had at the AllStar race this year.
You should not be taken pics while you are doctorving that is dangerous!
What is this for, when is it needed and what do you want to do???
Phones allowed in lunch now.....
Oh Heck Yeah!!!!
One day out of nowhere she said I'm glad u r my mom.
When I was a boy my mom died young, and my mean grandma raised me.
Breaking news: AnheuserBusch President Dave Peacock is resigning, replaced by Luiz Edmond, the brewer's North America zone president.
RT  Miami Dolphins R the Old Lions!
Cupcake invasion !
Oh
You're welcome!
U Rocked the Fox Oakland ...were u penalized for going long???
from the looks of your think you might have that headset a little too tight.
cutting off oxygen to ur brain.
You should of told me!!
I was done a little bit after you.
Your mom was worried.
Haha.
15 hours left with DEVONthink.
Baby, I just can't let you go.
Sent the audio in for the next video.
Working on audio for the third!
ancient Egyptian art is one of my favorites.
they did all that with their hands and it's absolutely beautiful
I'm nowhere near as awesome right now, as I would be if I had a ninja sword.
Hopefully not the last time RT : Unsuspected doctornks with and Twitterless Kyle Mastey tonight.
Success
Why does your nose run and your feet smell?
Too many shows and a wedding today.
TOUCH AMORE IS TOMORROW.
Well them and Crowbar across the street.
The more I hear, the more convinced I am that Andoctorw Young was the problem.
Cheating on your wife is bad, but what Young did is slimy.
Blitz team is more excited than ever to watch the NFLdoctorft this year...
You going to be there at Teen Hoot?
Great I will get to meet another great wonderful performer.
I love your music!
333
Happy 1/11/11 everyone.
Make a wish at 11:11 a.m.
and 1:11 p.m.
Thanks to all who helped put together the awesome new website!!!
www.ascentium.com
4.
every single one of my followers!
RIPDirectionerPaula 3 You Will A L W A Y S !
be Part Of This Family ' As A Proud Directioner :'
hi there.
I just wanna let you know that you're the luckiest girl in the world.
Treat him right please : best of luck!

showed my son this pic.
He says does that guy in the blue shirt make bad choices?
Bwahahahaha!
Sandow Media acquires Fred Segal brand New York  Sandow Media, parent company of Furniture/Today, has acquired the worldwide rights...
RT  I'll be in Kingsland, GA near Jacksonville, FL with the Jaguars cheerleaders on Saturday!
Check out vickipalooza.com...
Old people are funny
Things I learned, the people that party at the ica also take fashion tips from watching bravo reality shows.
But the word bama for us southerners is fuck nigga fuckbowy blockhead slutmouth, etc.
We don't sugar coat shit.
At Clifford's in Hales Corner with and some Stritchers.
; good to see you on Twitter.
Have a great weekend.
Am watching last night's OnceUponATime.
As always it's one of the best shows on tv.
Not sure if this has been answered, but yes we are  and I believe we're getting our review copy tomorrow.
Week or less?
JDE
We thank you!
: RT ATT helped me get through college through an ATT Academic Award!
Thank you for helping so many others!
Check out my music www.myspace.com/tneptunemusic
Alshon Jeffery has better hands than all of our wr combined last yr,  oh yeah, we got Marshall too :
Hey UConn defense is permissible.
My fitness center is PeCKs.
I'm learning thins here .
.
.
Soap on a mosquito bite
We agree!!!
RT : Foodiechat Will Do!!
Da Bears and food, what more can a woman ask for??
Lol!
how u know echo
get some Boobie.
Pre Ordered my book like a month ago!!
Email from amazon came today said 11/3!
So excited!!
just another day
LAST DAY OF CLASS.
Great seeing you at the StillStandingATL premier as well!
I'll catch up with you next week.
: racist hey, I have black friends, right
Thank you to our business partners who raise 62,000 at the Northside Education Foundation golf tournament yesterday!
Spent the afternoon at , thanks Taylor!
What great insights into student learning.
:
199 Twitter followers.
200th person will get a big shout out from me!
You know your obese when you look down and your mouth opens up and your tongue hangs out...
Sometimes we do too much.
Have a seat.
Good morning loves :
Our band is performing at tonight from 711pm!
See you there!
bestsexplace home a nigga respect you he won't take u anywhere he would take his hoes
settings for Vignette app needs to save original so you can see full photo to edit later in another app.
Smile for no reason?
There has to be a reason.
It's a secret though :x
Make your doctorams a reality, its nice to doctoram but nothings better than actually seeing those doctorams become real
yes please!
Yummy, sucha cute.
3
having a beer at college station pub.
nice arvo outside.
cheers
Why does Brian Berrebbi keep following me around The Sundance Film Festival Price Check
dang phone that was supposed to be a thank you
I'm so tired but my mom wants me to vacuum ihatechores but I still have to do them.
My mom just got a Twitter account.She's so hip and cool
you're perfect
makes me think microsoft is a steal for its price and the potential of html5 and irrelevance of hardware and displays.
lol, yes.
Why you ask?
Lol!
What do you fix your kids for breakfast?
Your twitter is so dirty you need tune up lol
I failed my restricted test by one question 
i like tumblr
Thomas place on University is what you've been looking for!
Call 612703RENT for more information about leasing!
My erratic ass parking lol
An affirmation however ardent, unless followed by massive action is but a wish.
It looks so good!
I've been working on ours and it looks no where near as good as yours!
RT : Motivation comes  goes, like waves.
You can use each Motivation Wave to make good behavior more likely in future
bad...bad
You're not kiddin......that is SWEET!
D
because I'm a first year architect student
Working at home is a lot like doing homework, turns out.
Just more fun because I know it'll get put to use!
Please, please, please start wearing one sequenced glove and sunglasses out to the ring with that jacket.
soon I also want to get you  my new Thursday night club!!
Heat Ultra Lounge in Anaheim my grand opening is March 1st
Im so nice of a person, I hate when ppl try play me like I'm a joke
bdubs is awesome!
I'm still trying to figure out what went wrong, but bday are suppose to be remember!?!
: mister.
Smith, took a look at The Vow and my girlfriend Racheal MsAdams was awesome as usual.
But it wasn't a tear jerker.
glad I locked my clients in yesterday AM!!!
One latte and a cup of coffee later, I STILL can't wake up!
Damn you DaylightSaving Time...damn you.
Yes, I still have you down!
Anytime.
And time to become a Pack Fan?
Hee hee.
J/k
miss u too!
i feel bad for babies who's moms give up bfing at less than 6 months so they can doctornk alcohol??
Come on moms!
Dogs who are hyper and insecure around people and other dogs, were mostly not socialized enough when they were young
As the world turns..
But I wish it would stop and let me off right now..
It's a sketch comedy show in the works right now.
My friend and I are trying to create.
It's gonna be a YouTube series
Can I Get A Follow Back?
Everyone go to on Ridgeway between 4 and 9 today and support !
Will do!
Bring truffles as a gift this summer, it's a great guiltfree gift that no host or hostess will turn down.
is now registered with the
Congratulations!
Well deserved :
That pole got my head 
hall!
/waves : Hope all is well and warm in Linkping!
Getting ready to read Leonardo the Terrible Monster via Skype to 1st graders!
I can't wait to find out what happened to the Kahlessi's doctorgons on next weeks
The miracle is not to fly in the air, or to walk on the water, but to walk on the earth.
Chinese Proverb
When your think your hungry and you start cooking food, then when its ready you decide your not as hungry as you thought..
haha oh I know!!!
Trivia Question6 Who was the first and highest ranking African appointed to an official position after slavery?
Looking for lots of iPad 2's or the new iPad?
We can hook you up!
We just quoted out 225 of them to a Baltimore client!
Sometimes, I hope that's exactly what they'll do.
hey!!
so u and Tybear r fighting??
TEXT MEH and tell meh whats wrong:
thanks for tweeting Livehoods!
Mmk then just ignore me.
An old friend of mine had sex with actress Maggie Grace, and now her career is still flying high
Watching Meet the Press, Chris Matthews,  Fox News Sunday.
Shame on those who don't believe in equality and leverage race for Politics.
JUST ANNOUNCED July 27th  GWEN STACY w/ Lower Definition, Mozart Season,  A City Serene  Bad Fish Bar
I'm hungry....
And can't wait til the 8th grade dance
Nude is worse!
RT : Nothing worse than a ugly chick who keeps posting pictures of herself on Insagram
Craving triple chocolate cake for absolutely no reason at all!!
Cant tho, im on a diet!
lol...
you want to hear a snippet?
DM me your info...
RT : learn to appreciate what you have before time forces you to appreciate what you had.
October is color or stache month
heyy!: I got new phone we need to text again!:
You made milkshakes?
RT Seems to be a party in my front yard..........
Jayson Nix?
RT : I can't tell who is up, all the boos.
Wonder who on the Yankees that would be?
I will and so will everybody else because people love you I love you
Good Morning!
Tonight T Gozney Thornton performs at Sealy Flats, 630pm!
It's not too late to join us!
Tomorrow is T's Birthday!!!
:
Learning how to make gang signs at work.
Time well spent.
Oh Healz YEAH!
Love you Susan!!!
i do that so much!!
File Manager Free
I picked you to win last night!!!!
Call me a geek, but I love the
My thought processes are changing for the best...
It takes a big man to cry, but it takes a bigger man to laugh at that man.
Jack Handey
barbs tweet us and tell you friends to follow we will hook u and your OOC brother up LOL
Bonus!
Get the new Small Business Case Studies eBook when you register for the webinar
Only 4 days left to pre order your boat tour for this season at www.PortlandBoatTours.com!
Anchor Heather Myers falls HARD!!!!
Safe and sound, but still can't stop laughing!
I'm still cleaning myself off after my nerdgasms during The Avengers.
Thanks for the follows!
Have a great weekend!
RT : Sample tweet to get you started: Healthy mothers have healthier childoctorn.
We were in agreement that there's easily another collection just from the proposals that we didn't have room to accept.
uh no
Lovely blog post.
Love the firsts theme.
i'm on it!
eek, stab stabb
doctorKE doctorKE doctorKE doctorKE doctorKE doctorKE doctorKE doctorKE!!!!!!:D
Stretch your ad dollars with us!
We are affordable!
Get more impressions and higherimpact advertising at a lower cost for your dollars!
5 times in last 3 hours.
FiOS is awesome!
How long are you staying on the west coast?
keep me posted .
My birthday this month on the 26 dang but please pretty please keep me posted love to see n hear u .
Mwah
is gonna be LIVE on www.saurban.com at 6:30pm CST.
Pop a few doctornks and check out the show!!!
This whole series shouldn't have ever been made hahaha.
Do you have any Kleaning needs?
After a while they all seem the same
My new updated website is up and running.
If you wish to see some exciting new works!
Please have a look  www.michaelinem.com
Carson and McMahon.
Broadcast pioneers.
They invented the late night format.I also cried with the Bette Midler song.
just checking...
I know you will hop in a flight in a second...
LOL
Just bought a feedback buster and some heavier gauge strings for my Martin D28.
Not used to the bottom end!
About to play PKR 1k Freeroll while doing my Sociology paper...multitasking at its finest...which one is more important?
Hm...yep, poker
That was good
We still have private and semiprivate rooms available to rent for Super Bowl Sunday.
Contact Jen 4803680369.
Yes, it escaped my notice, too, Actually came out back in December!
I'm about halfway through it, really enjoying it so far.
At what point is the romance novel industry going to tell Fabio that it's just getting
Beastie Boys SO!!!!
Sorry for you guys!!
Love Ya!!
Still waiting....
The end is in sight, though!
Big crowd?
Listened to ur podcast about Cincy fans hating UK.
I totally agree, if we compare ourselves to Yankees we must accept the hatred.
We know ur rich Mitt!
Show us the taxes!
It shouldn't b a big deal
what your like two years older then me?
:p so shut up!
:D
Swoons!!!
The BB Creams that grant you a shortcut to flawless, beautiful skin are finally here.
I know!
So sad.
RT i miss universal mall!
that area has changed so much.
my doctors got canceled for tomorrow
Bet you didn't get the Norfolk State game right!
What did that do to everyone's bracket!
Greatest upset since Hampton.
Go MEAC
Running errands in preparation for 's arrival!
Great point.
I'm not saying KG necessarily should've gotten MVP, but the fact he didn't get a single vote is what irks me.
Don't forget who's taking you home and in whose arms you're gonna be.
So, darling, save the last dance for me.
the fing Jemme.
I think I ordered 8.
Jemme kin me doctornk!
When Lightning strikes, Jets are grounded.
GO CHARGERS!
text me
Hope your day gets better!
thank you...
plz pray for my silly kitty Page...
Im ready to party!
I love it!
I'm trying to prove a woman was named after a baby who died 8 months before she was born in the 1880s.
hahahaha u guys are funny : am sorry yall I was just trying your Patience.
For real am sorry man it won't happen.
Again
I've got a ton to do today, film YT vids, clean, organize, grocery shopping, then cooking dinner tonight fir company....
You break into my car and take my owners manual and first aid kit but not my hundoctords of CDs?
Smart criminal...
You'd think I learned my lesson by now...
I know the feeling!
And the workaholic crawls into bed at 4am..
smh!
I couldn't help it..had to finish a new song
RTruth to become a face when he gets back because Vince McMahon sees potential in Little Jimmy merchandise.
I think this is bad
unfortunately, Kurt was also a cuddler to Scott as well.
Poor dog, although I think he liked it.
Bout to get this party started at Palmer House in downtown Chi!
My iPod is teaching me patience by being so doctoradfully slow to do anything.
So what if the Steelers 2nd round pick is a cheef monkey, if he can block and dominate the line, I'm happy.
me ass.......
u have 530  followers
I think Y2J, then he defends the strap again Punk at Mania .
.
.
I know I could have been doing some work lol
any news on Axl performing or even showing up at the hall of fame induction?
Today is the last Friday of my high school career.
be nice!!!!!
Hahaha
Everyone thinks am South African......read history
Coffee, show me a good time!
Another beautiful day in philly for pla12!
Excited for booth opening tonight.
Stop by booth 945 for lots of galleys!
Best freebie of the day...
tshirt from the
RT if should do a cover of Not Over You :
Looks like they found a way to genarate Commisions out of air , or swapping spit.
Are you speaking of tree ribbons?
Love listening to at sdsms he's got a lot of good stuff to say and has the right mix of humor!
Another doctorpal rant  I also now have over 120K spam comments in a forum despite having had Mollum up and running fine six months ago.
WTF?
Str8LykeDes....
Learning, retrieving more knowledge  wisdom as I get older...
i wish i could !!!
lol I'll check it out
We prefer wheat as well
Law don't go around here law dog.
Finally all moved in with and !
Watching Smallville D
So was at the light and heard shots fired ive never ducked so quickly!
I was looking around dude in car nxt to me doing the same
Pullup Game is Disgusting!
BRGO IS GONNA RUN HARD FOR THR NEXT FEW WEEKS!
Q3 FINS ARE EXPECTED TO PRINT WITHIN THR NEXT TWO WEEKS!
BRGO 10
Blah blah make money be happy :
miamiheat beat the Bulls!
Woo Hoo!
Lebron  we love you!
Fujifilm diversifies to include everything from cameras to skincare
I have got to b seeing things.
I just mentioned good humor icecream and now I see the truck parked across from the park I'm in:
aww shucks!
Thanks loo
Fuck!
I think my face burned a little 
Our first 4G LTE phone is now in, come check out the Aviator
Well first facebook, then twitter, now instagram!!!
I may have an addiction problem....
Anyone else?
10confessions 1.
I love justin bieber
Mini LA coffee tour, always love , great capp from , and a 1906 from
I said: What you mean by body count He went on to say: The amount of bodies she slept with  smh
Thats why oam not gonna follow you Trick ass yes I said TRICK trill thug out!
SO to my daughters  Kat16 on playing for the Wis State Championship for the U16 girls.
Girls kick some butt
How did Rost injure his quad sitting on the plane back from London?
Is that for real?
Unbelievable!
Keep the weather away Mike, I know you can make some calls.
Groupon ; evening daily deal begins today.
Will only sale 10 per day
I'm smoking on that gas
: Please take me to Macy's, I have no clothes for tonight.
If no one takes me, I'm not going out!!!
uhh what????
Liking the direct outreach from today
much better thanks, and you?
My dad talks a lot about horse racing.
I can't really hear him with all the wooshing going on.
But I can feel the vibrations of his voice.
New post: France's Beaujolais region, 2009 is a standout vintage, arguably one of the best in the last 50 years
Listening to the radio about to got to bed goodnight twitter fam
How do we reach you?
my friend turned into a mahomie : she listened to 11:11 and thought you were really good.
Hey lola!
Amen RT : Katrina death toll between 1,800 and 4,000; Tennessee floods have claimed 13 lives.
Analogy may not work.
I friggin' hate editing my shit tight enough to fit on Twit.
grrrrrr.
Must spread my sunshine, not my shit.
That's what blogs r 4!
Thank you!
RT : Congrats, on 125 years.
Proud parent of an '09 Alum.
Just launching social sites.
Fun!
I've somehow acquired a bar seat
Why did I agree to do this???
Does your kid need a boost in confidence...YAT WORKS...www.yatkids.org...check it out...
Beyond excited for you 2!!!
RT : and I thought Valentines Day was the perfect day to introduce BABY GRAY!!
Dec 23 rush hour, the line at is all the way down to the end of the store.
Last minute shopping at its best!
More and more encouraged each day.
Getting closer to a reveal for version7 looking forward tongetting back to
Hey!
I haven't been in a long time...I mix it up with exercise a lot, maybe this summer I'll go back!
Hahahaha that I did
My coworker asked me to meet her at a bar near our work, turns out its a strip club.
You in Vegas yet?
I love spending my spare time at the library
: bummer!
: Brewers lose.
Final score: 810.
When you think 5 years ahead, don't just make business goals.
Make goals for your whole life and how your biz fits in it.
She so kool she give head with her shads on.
is having a meeting tomorrow so I will not be attending!
We send our best wishes!
Congratulations to Bob!
As a community of startups, startup supporters, and the like.
What are your thoughts on the Instagram Backlash after acquisition?...
really so u was right by me and didn't tell me!!!!!
my company is looking to hire an experienced graphic designer.
let me know if interested in more info
Grow up!!!
Don't you know that you yourselves are God's temple and that God's Spirit dwells in your midst?
1 Corinthians 3:16
He came back in the TL lol RT : Right.!
RT : Ctfu he knew what it was
It's a lonely day
RT Illiteracy is the rootcause of every problem!
So what's the rootcause of Illiteracy?
I attempt it sometimes, but never in public.
dude?
Text back
My brother, hah.
Um, he's a sea man whose deeply lost and at sea, I fear.
He's lovely, though.
But he's not Ed.
My current fave green doctornk: Wheatgrass juice, lemon juice, apple juice.
The cure for a shittyday and pms, a good cry on a long doctorve and
White widow under the Verizon tower
O wasn't that a pretty one !!
jersey shore is my guilty pleasure!
I need your ringtone oh yeah can't stop saying it like you
I laughed when I heard it too!
MaytheFourth be with you!
Wow!
Amazing doctorve!
Are you kidding me?
Yes, it is systemic.
Let's change the system!
New music coming soon...
: Fool Our Prom Is May 5th I had forgot.
I wasn't gonna go but i just might
LOL!
thx for sharing RT : : Marriage is the only war where you get to sleep with the enemy.
will you please follow us?
we are a new fan group for you!
:
YO GIRL, turn your skrillex down.
it's not even 8 AM.
AMERICANIDOLSPOILER SPOILERALERT WTF teenage girls!
Did you not vote for idol this week?
COST ME SO MUCH !
Following back: HELLO!!!
;p
sure you are lol
Just a Little Hoarse or My Little Pwney.
A.
Chapman reaches 103mph on radar gun at game!
Hoppy Holidays!
As a thank you to everyone we offering free downloads of all our songs on RN please have a song and enjoy, ho ho ho.
Really not sure if I want the Heat to win the championship because I am a fan or to shut up Charles Barkley once and for all....
We have so much discount blood.
thanks, you are so helpful!
I'm still at work, debating when to doctorve home.
he is a real cool person to meet I met him twice
The down side to working with all ladies!
I can't talk SportingKC w/ them...
Mathai better kick some butt!
Her version of Rumor Has It is the better then Adeles
It's wear your sunnys at Sonny's night.
DJ will be pumping up the jams
Another great yr for us in the books!
Final numbers: 118 broadcasts, 16 away games, and record listenership!
Thank you.
See you in the fall!
This weekend is really sucking!!
I miss him to much!!3/:
There are far bigger fish to fry within the realm of liberal ideology than Bob Beckel
Once again, I have managed to wear a lightcolored shirt on a day when I'm going to be hauling dusty print volumes around.
heres a ??.
if Pats lose.
how big is their window for another title?
Better the long way than the wrong way.
Trying to be patient but I hate to wait.
no it was this random thing we walked into at abilene, turned out hilarious, can't find the video though
Sure thing, man.
Somebody asked me why I go to school.
I asked them the same question.
They said they don't.
I was like than why the hell am I going.
Hi Shawna!
If your still job hunting, u can go to minorityjobs.net and make your resume FREE!
Also have a job board!
Julie
Who wants a playoff when you have all this.
BCSFakeChampionship Oregon/Wis was a way better game than this.
Bring on the playoffs.
We're looking to hire an Interactive projectmanager, dm me if you know anyone in the Richmond or DC areas
Enjoy the rest of your weekend..Come by tomorrow  receive a pack of THC capsules w/any 25 donation!
Our strain of the day is White Walker!
application...
I mean if that fails then ill still be able to room with my friend but I think it'd be awesome to room with 2 others
Switching between the GOP debate and the Betty White bday special
taking a day off today...
Oh my, I have so much work to do today!
Yeah thats so very true....
Zee
Finally  Geez this day has been AWFUL when it comes to computers...hopefully things will go well during coverage of
A life of leisure and a life of laziness are two different things.
sub in 1st period 
I could never be 100 dependent on a female if I eat or not.
I gets my own money, won't turn down no extra.
If stress comes with it keep it!
These fucking kanker sores are gonna fuckin kill me
Weber et al., In Fire Forged: Worlds of Honor 5.
Military SF space opera shorts set in the Honor Harrington Universe.
A guilty pleasure.
are those lyrics?
Watched east coast 30 Rock live feed.
Now watching west coast feed.
This is the inner beauty of sports and competition, and it can serve us all well as adult athletes
how many days till okoboji I lost count?
oomf Too Gorgeous
RT Not a fan Don't waste your money RT : is deer antler a performance enhancing substance
unless they think you want them.
which is never the case.
Lazy day.
Smooches!!
And to you too ladies!
OH at : Do you know what this sundae tastes like?
What?
Another.
Nice job at the anchor desk this AM.
I'm sure there'll be many more to come.
On vacation in the NW w/ a friend from home.
Tough decisions this week: which books to read, which wineries to visit, which coffee to doctornk.
ill link you in a few minutes
Good luck Tunisia!
will do.
Sad thing.
I know where all my money is gonna go now.
I learned it from life, didn't learn it from you.
Just because I don't show it doesn't mean that I'm through.
Toddler: why do people cry?
Me: Sometimes because there's a difference bet what people want  what the reality is.
Toddler: whats reality?
Hey tweeties!
I can't wait to eat :
mscdeng3510 no class meeting on Wednesday.
Check Blackboard this afternoon for instructions.
It was so good to see my show choir family yesterday...You all did so good...love you all!
/// YEZZIRR!
RT : chopped it up w/ today.
thelasthope is in the fullest effect.
stay tuned..
girl nothing at all about to grab some food with my fam.
Ain't Memphis in May this weekend??

I've heard  congratulations!
idk if this is ever gonna start..
Laying down.
Im just going to go home and sleep.
no interruption  hoodie allen it's my jam
After '99 UCL final, I would not have expected ManU to LOSE a title on 2 stoppage time goals, to say the least!
contacts ; : TheStruggle RT : lookin at the tv w/ my glasses off doing Cardio knowin damn well all i see is a blur
Thanks, we agree!
: RT : TWIN ANCHORS ON SEDGEWICK!!!
AMAZING FOOD
Girlfriend, I'm a proud Texan.
Wink.
of is on stage at CitizenBiotech Democratization of biotech is important
Hey hey!
Nice job on the story Becca!
PS  moving closer to you, hang out soon?
Watching and I love she is an awesome actress and so funny!
Good catch, though.
Forever Product of the Day: MPD, concentrated, liquid detergent.
It cleans everything!
Conference sessions at ASW12 so far are GREAT!
Getting settled in for talk about Facebook timeline.
My fried chicken sandwich was two chicken strips on a bun.
Don't hate God for not giving you what you want , Thank Him for giving you what you need .
I feel all washed up.
Sent my last text so uhmm night night peoples 
sounds good.
Let you know when i get back south this week.
6/7/12 marks the Time to TEDxAdMo.
The Topic: Forces of Change.
The Reason: You and Me.
RT to spread the word!
Boy, he should be a politian.
Talk about the SUPERBOWL not the other stuff til next week!
you're welcome!
I love getting involved w projects like this too and look forward to seeing your finished film!
Starting tomorrow will have Brew doctor Kombucha on sale for 2/6!
Sale continues til the end of November.
you both should just both move to DC.
AWFUL.
At the one hour mark.
It's all good.
I've been slacking off on it myself.
For training I mean.
Looking for a trainer.
When life gives you lemons, make lemonade.
When life gives you Horny Goat Beer, make memories.
For the record today, no reports to the 311 line in Pittsburgh about unplowed or impassable streets.
Off to the Fox theatre to talk with the director of How To Live Forever.
Looks like a very funny doc.
Not planning the next trip quite yet : Planning vacation tends to take a backseat to planning work stuff, ha
Tracy Morgan is a funny as Steve Harvey
Another SXSW concluded....happy to go home in the morning
You are right!
I told if I can help you guys next year, just let me know.
This is a powerful event you all have created!
Good Mornin Ladies  Gentlemen,
yup, played on before  after science, another green world and taking tiger mountain
little tired, but i'm fine : what's new???
The good news this morning: No line at in the Merchandise Mart, Its a ghost town in there..Snow Schmoe
i love you Livi :
Success is based on perception and nothing to do w/peers.
God created u successful u just gotta perceive it!!!!
if you haven't yet, go check out the horse lamp in the lobby.
Need A New Vision for Your Company, Need Some Graphics for Your Next Promotion..
Has all your answers.
DM ME
: Im just in a shitty mood right now..I havent gotten any I was suppose to do today done.
sheesh 
I'm working so no Mifflin for me...
Finished the Face Lift of the Home Page www.itsartnotstuff...great feed back...working on a Face Book Widget this week..cause ItsArtNotStuff
Fuck it im playing women now a nigga do right shit never work
Correct.
Sorted by distance from the coordinate in your request.
Hey guys I have started my own funny pictures blog.
Check it out www.ModernJunto.com !!!!!
oh yes!
just had the best donuts in my life.
:D
Smoke until it's all gone...
Maybe I'll go golfing tomorrow.
I have an official golf lesson on Thursday afternoon.
Of course, my only question to her was What do I wear?
yes ma'am I tried to work both but I couldn't but I'm getting paid more
Making fashion photo animations
sorry should ask what aspects u r interested in
Psshh...
Karen is such an idiotic
how's your fingering?
Good Morning :
did you look it up or anything?
You should.
Decide that shit for yourself.
there was sauce inside the breading.Not sure what it was but it was tasty.
Jamon Manchego sandwiches with truffles were crazy good.
The X by my name in the picture was purely to show emphasis.
I did vote for a full slate of 6 candidates, myself included of course.
:
Which Eagles doctorft pick/free agent do you want as our next Twitterview subject?
Had Cox/Kendoctorcks before doctorft so they're out.
Lakers or Nuggets?
Yeah to bad :P And i would hang with you to .
you seem awesome !
thank you!
Love me some orange doctornk
How's everyone's Saturday?
: BeSafe out there!
and she goes la la la la la shes got the look!
:P
thank you!!
Dear Faffcon.
Thanks for putting so many great voice actors out of commission for a few days.
I finally get a shot at winning an audition.
Last night in the 20's...
Kind of depressing but what a fun decade!
It's gonna be god
Sometimes it seems as if there isn't an entire country sitting between Boston and San Francisco.
I thought it wad bad for one day..
But I can't imagine how bad it was for you!
If anyone wonders, J Cole has the idea of what rapping should be...
Glad to hear it was good  can't wait to see it!
Miami better get it together over this halftime break!!
If you don't like the road you're walking, start paving another one.
Dolly Parton
We're overbooked  so sorry!
step boys got it they did their routine in a mascot flying in the air and shit it was nice

precious cargo
Their keeper is alltime MLS leader in GAA.
Of course, he's not behind the Galaxy defenders now.
Eating some chicken ramen noodles.
Um um good ;
Do u think Starks is going 2b a weapon vs.denver or do I go with Benson or is he losing momentum
nice well have fun  be safe!
cleaning my room like a madwoman because in less than five hours I get a new bed.
AND CLEAN!
You are indeed an angel with whom I have been in love with ever since our first talk.
Happy Birthday my sweetie!!!
LOVE YA!!!
3
How can people of any gender or ethnicity use bike lanes if they're inside watching tv?
RT : Don't forget  First Friday THIS Friday from 69pm
agreed but i take it one step further: even when devices work perfectly, we still have plenty of doctorma in our modern lives.
Dear people in my mind, you all need to chill the fuck out so I can sleep.
Sincerely, The Owner of This Body
I'm all sweaty right now.
Austin sweats alot when he performs.
yeah I know me too!!
Shoutout for shoutout?
Only if you have 500 followers please.
Suggestion  First, Give thanks to the people who brought you in to speak and mention them by name.
so if I don't have a lot of followers that means I don't love u?
:'
Really feeling very good this morning
im excited to see what janet has to say tonight
No answer guess.I'll wait til she Call me
Respect experiences.
Respect user effort
Oh!
Sounds m!!!
hope you enjoyed it!
Sounds like a plan!
i really miss the days of bob saget on america's funniest home videos
TheyNeed2BringBack surge, all sport , rocket power
MOS WANTED CREW.
To the fans waiting outside: we will get you guys!
I'm so sorry.
The photographers ruin everything and were being such jerks.
Its a small world after all!
Can I put a moratorium on animals in band names?
There are so many, my brain is getting confused
Alright, I'm less worried about the lack of lighting now.
A customer just said it made a nice ambiance w/ what limited lights we do have on.
You're invited, Jen did say it was ladies night.
Just kidding buddy!
Lol.
no she just needs some encouragement!
Maybe myK for her was a nice little push.
Reason 9 to join us at the Gallery Aferro benefit auction on June 16: The beautiful William Spaulding Quartet will be playing from 69 pm.
Happy birthday, !
thank you bestfriend come on guys I need more followers and help my bestfriend 2
I love metaphor the way some people love junk food.
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try.
Beverly Sills
There's always these secrets.
Come over and eat a Meatloaf Sandwich!
no problem!
How are you Matt?
What's your beef with Intel?
Are you being paid by AMD?
Exactly.
Too many independent contractors...none of them good.
Time for Hoyer to br a GM.
yes his account looks hacked.
Who is that?
OMG, THE ENDING.
I FKN CANT.
Doesn't flop RT : No idea...
RT : Not a rip on Melo, but why do you think he doesn't get star treatment from the refs?
Staffed the shelter, ran 4 miles, and walked the pup all before 8am.
And before coffee.
It's going to be a productive day!
Forreal???
Let me see.
I was going to take you, but that's more fun.
P Sherman Wallaby Way, Sydney
what does losecond mean???
ItsInsaneHow I'm always thinking about you
Aww Well Happy Mother's Day anyway!
You're awesome!!
Hope your day improves!
Will check it out.
Thanks!
Too bad no tweeps in room to share that with!
Body: Let's take a nap.
Me: Sounds good.
Training calendar: Let's hit the gym!
Body: No nap?
Me: begrudgingly puts on workout clothes
Does coffee or soda help or hurt you to stay hydoctorted?
How about alcoholic doctornks with water or soda?
Gage hit himself in the mouth with his phone hahahahah  my life is a lie, yall.
lmaooo!
Your such a bo haha!
I wanna go to walmart and get cotton candy so bad!!!
Listening to for news.
We WILL have a show announcement whether there's a wildcard for us or not!
Had my hoodie pulled.
up strings pulled tight , rolled up in a ball on the couch , 3 hours slept .
Congrats you are the sweetest Glad your on the Tigers!
LV was awesome!
Great time with team and attendees at the Super Retreat!
eledcrfop sorry I just typed that with my toe.
I didn't wanna pick up my laptop off the floor but as you can see it didnt work
Tossing the softball, playing catch with  great summer evening
FridayReads Gotta get through THE WENCH IS DEAD before Monday Morning Mystery book group meeting.
Wish this pain would go away!
Its makin my mood shift!
It was a great article!
So if we have bigger brains than average, even less energy than average?
Getting ready to attend No Dog Left behind  lets reunite some soldiers with the dogs they cared for while in Afghanistan!
Hypothesis: the future belongs to the weird with a work ethic
You can lie to your friends, you can lie to yourself, but you can't lie to your heart.
The one that is for you is out there somewhere.
Unfortunately, it is not publicly accessible.
I can let you in tomorrow if you give me a couple hours warning, though.
what for?
I LOVE YOU.
Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 followers.
Don't forget to shop today!
fashion followMONDAY 4
pats4life no matter what
I can't wait for when 2NE1 performs in the US!
Mom: The neighbor's enormous Christmas penguin fell over.
I'm glad.
Why is the day of Christ's crucifixion called Good Friday?
gasp.
Eddie Murphy will not be hosting Oscars.
sad.
If you a gold digger be 100 about yo shit bitch, dont try to trick me....
Welcome to the race Rob Halpin!
As you know, Rahm can be nastier than a beaver with bedbugs in its beard!
been talking some real shit..
can't retweet everything.
Hate having allergies 
I got one as well, but I can't accept the Music user agreement; the page doesn't display properly on Andoctorid browsers.
Thank god for twitter at this hour, otherwise i wouldn't know a better to way besides sleeping to ignore this cat Travis
thanks hows your training going?
On a brighter note GO SPURS GO!
Memphis or the clippers?
WE SHALL SEE!
Back like in the 1900's things where SO different .
There is a taint of class warfare to this Healthcare debate Labeled Antisocialism Poor must suffer and learn to work hard like the rich
Yeah, dude.
That's why you're telling us about it on twitter.
:
Don't do this to me.....expecialy in front of someone like her 
4:20am here in Germany ?
Time's running so fast outside the school !!!
wow.i got to class on time!
:o
herestothemindlessgirls who will never learn.
This Sunday Easter!
what are some of your family traditions?
Egg Hunter, Dinner, Mass?
Lol!
I'm just taking a back seat!
I've doctorven for so long, thinking that I was in control.
All along I, never was, but HE' always is...
Books should appeal to all of the senses  James ReidCunningham..
RT if you Love Zayn Malik, i will follow you :
The mind ought sometimes to be diverted that it may return the better to thinking.
I was once a Jonas superfan.
Actually there are 20 of us in mister Bright's.
Learn to count.
:D
Learning today about a professorssor's research into bone and hair analysis.
This should make for some intersting stories somewhere...
I have a feeling that one day we are going to look back at some of these videos and think, Wow we came a long fucking way.
Yay!
I'm still awake!!RT : Welcome to TeamAM!
We're happy you're joining us this week!
Got a speedy street?
Let me know.
speedbusters segments is coming up on its 4th anniversary!
Rope swings
ariana your a awesome beautiful singer you should think about making y our own songs :
If you think education is expensive, try ignorance.
when they started Mick Jagger up, he never stoppedjust sayin
Your a worthless gutless pig.
then I'll forget to put it in
Broadcasting Games live all day on Listen in.
Eddy covering games nationally for Yahoo Sports
and Monday will be a good day for bringing in some delightful leftovers for your morning show family.
: But really: must I defend this thing?
Yes.
Thx for the follow!
Those Raspberry Jam Thumbprint cookies sound divine!
Engl.
PhD studies in contemp.
global novel, new media lit/theory, postpostmod.
narrative theory
Which one?
I'm doctorving!
in a sea of authoring tools...Zebra has my attention and my curiosity peaked.
Trying to organize some things for the new home, but things have been delayed.....
Never let someone esle's rain shut down your parade.
Let's get it :
awesome interview on !
Really want to see Newlyweds now
Weekend train service will be the death of me.
2 hours to get to JFK from my apt?
You gotta be kidding.
Football?
Damn.
I had a nightmare that I was attacked by a spider.
In the nightmare, I tweeted about the spider attack and was retweeted 42 times.
Im not sure /
God morning!
it's insane.
doctorver actually laughed at me when I asked why the lights mean nothing, then asked if I was from NYC
Honoured to have you following David.
Looking forward to your tweets on
I told Austin about that .
.
.
.
.So, Checkitout and enjoy some real good music!!!!
TEAMVIP LEGGO
know12 Used to be that best technology was at work: now it's personal tech.
Increasingly about UI/UX, freemium approach
Jared Blake: interview from the voice at 12 noon CST.
Nixacountry.com
He almost did a porno after Happy Days ended.
Not saying you should open the conversation w/ that, but fyi in case porn comes up.
Excited to be back home for a few days this weekend!
u had him on the first cross CP3
sometimes i wished i lived in my fantasy world.
lol
Hit.
the.
net
Follow my hair page
Terry  Barea COMBINED will score less than 40 total points in a series against either Chicago or
Sorry you were just ousted as mayor of your ex boyfriend from 1.5 yrs ago's tshirt shop in a strip mall in Omaha haha, cool
Digital Empire Hitting Reno Nv In Nov !!
GONNA SMASH ON NEW FACES!
thanks bud that means a lot
RT : If you don't know what you want to do, how do you know whether to walk through the door?
thank you Amy!
You are the best!
:
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude 17
Without trust, words become the hollow sound of a wooden gong.
With trust, words become life itself.
If you try to tell me I cant, I will sure as hell try to show you I can!
If you think you can't you never will.
Anytime!
RT : Thanks to for a look at Looking forward to its launch 4412.
Also, thanks for feeding me.
Help retired players with medical costs, but please do not tell me that these players did not know the risk.
yessir, they do
lunch next week?
Thursday?
Menudo cookoff/car wash/ toilet program.
Azusa Band and Pageantry needs da .
Haha.
What a great day :
I ain't sayin you a hoe But damn bitch, you a hoe
Um...so they're only going to campaign in states that HAVE voted?
Get down to Lunar tonight for some PreValentines Day celebrations!!
I'll be downstairs all night!!
Ah!!!
Packers!!
you've been on the wrong side of town with hondurenas then !
thanks!
and TileMill are amazing.
The server side of things is still pretty intimidating, but it's a fantastic tool.
I wish I could be there.
Had to choose between ALA and LOEX this year.
What's your presentation on?
In the studio today ....
delightful!
I've never really been one to leave well enough alone....
Gooooooallllll!!
WorldCup USA way to go Alex Morgan
RT : If your work is not fired with enthusiasm, You will be fired  with enthusiasm  John Mazur So very true!
damn all the seniors in my high school are hot
Trying out some new marketing software, please bear with me.
We're done with practice for today.
Genealogy Boot Camp is right around the corner in Lapeer Michigan.
Learn your how from AZ.
Oct 6, 2012
oh..
awkward...
missed it by like...
a minute..
haha
is your friend.
all I want for xmas is for you to notice me.
what are y'all doing?
If press can get story out of Bahrain if protest turns violent, F1 maybe good publicity for the
pass to Turiaf dunk
Yeah definitely!
thanks girl!
see you in a couple weeks :
The aroma of NoSaleSmell.
I gave her two flea baths a few weeks ago.
Now I suspect she's trying to tell me she likes baths?
No idea.
Weirdest cat ever
Super important question is Pictage throwing a party this year at WPPI ?
That's my top fav thing at convention!
The joys of working in my office.
anything to help
True!
Ha I try to have fun even standing in heels for 4 hours.
Lord That was a mission.
And I get it from a seatfiller site.
When someone says they have to ask you a question, you think of all the bad things you've done recently.
done w/ assignment 3.
finally.
amazing how many ampersands can sneak into a URL!
only 102 errors for me, jackieo.
After wise counsel, please use rbms09 to post comments re: the RBMS Preconference
tell your mom Happy Mothers day from all the ICONiacz
no lol I do too!!
Lmao girl
YSP encourages the integration of the scientific process with the learning process
My internship is definitely teaching me the importance of having good/strong media lists!
u need to come visit but I kno you met a hawaian dude up there
There's a guy on my train who sounds exactly like Cleveland from Family Guy.
Am trying not to giggle.
I thought it was pretty blatant.
I was like say what???
Me and my gram are cool now:
Come check out our northern lights!!
225.00 Ounces any strain!!
Mix and Match!
:D Open till 9 :
oh nice
: Why are flies so FUKIN FAST?!?!
why are you so slow?
that's what that gotye video reminded me of  this beck album cover.
Do hispanics vote?
says numbers are rising but there are a lot who don't vote b/c they aren't registered or aren't citizens
what u told Jessica
riley is such a slut,bella is beautiful and the smell of the hair dye today omg
Next stop, ESPN RT : two sports in one tweet!
You know its great when you have to push the bed back 6 inches to be against the wall.
:P
happy 18th birthday:
Rt!
Great 2 see u too!
Excited for launch
No problem.
I always forget about this chat but now I've plugged it into my phone so I don't forget.
So many great ones out there.
I really hate today
thanks for the RT, did a great job!
Listening to Neil Goldman's videos, consumers still don't know how to or if they can join a CU  don't think they're convenient.
lol no this is before service
ok well im gonna go : byee
that's our understanding as well; VERY disappointing RT Leahy's bill unlikely to get to the floor
Why especially w/ Dick Clark?
What did he do that was so horrible?
you know that wedding you got invited to?
said he was marrying me, so go kick his booty; jkjk
Can we add whiz as well?
Tonight in Denver come by zfREE live music with Acoustic Come get your funk on!
Many thanks to everyone who came to tonight's Craft Racket.
You guys are awesome for supporting and sharing with each other.
like that's the most aggravating shit ever.
Like people claim their bisexual/lesbian but never went out with a girl before o.O ..
WV: I81 South CLOSED at x8 with a SERIOUS Tractor Trailer accident involving a School Bus and a passenger vehicle.
do you like twitter?
ok, I'll allow it.
the UVa colors make up for all the cooties.
Bren Bataclan will be signing his new book tonight from 69pm at the Porter BerryLine.
He is the creator of the shop murals!
you're just subconsciously embracing being a civilian, lol!
Work all day today.
Then resting tonight.
Work tomorrow.
Then schoolwork.
Busy end of semester.
honey, is there none in house...or is this a specific need for the usual Grande Americano w/ room?
Soo glad to be doing Violet again, can't wait to start The show!!!
:
similar debates took place in the 1970s when Congress worked to revise Copyright Act  interests of cable TV giants v.
locals
just text me when you're off.
We will probably still be around.
All my favorite food places are closed on Sunday.
:
I just signed onto your website, now I'm looking for an immediate Expat position in
OMG DUDE I HAD THAT IN THE LIST BUT I DELETED IT BECAUSE THEN MY TWEET WOULD'VE BEEN TOO LONG.
FUCK!!!
Good morning TWEEPS!
Chet Millard: All workers deserve the freedoms to be in a union and collectively bargain.
I'm really enjoying Mad for Foucault!
This damn guy is pissing me off!
Thank you Velvet!
If I tried to do everything you would I'd surely end up in the hospital, Lol.
Hope yours is just as naughty
If you attemp to flop that automaticially makes you a bitch
Today's soup: Creamy tomato and garlic.
Don't forget
IF I WAS YOUR BOYFRIEND ID NEVER LET YOU GO
No One Taeks Things Serious...
Lbvs
Back in the great state of Georgia!
With all our iPhones and other assorted igadgetry.
lol I do
Grandad Turner cd out now!!
Fred Hammond, Derrick Horne, Calvin Rodgers, Phil Feaster.
Frank McComb guests.
It's hot!
Lmao RT : Hey baby, I see you have a bra on, maybe I can put my face in there.
That'd work on me .
Jesus told the disciples He was leaving them His 'joy', which shows He probably kept a good mood.
Is your Jesus always angry?
After being adfree for several days now, we've finally contracted a new ad system for WebCamWindow.
Ads will reappear soon.
Much safer!
luv U NOW GO TO WORK B4 I GO TELL OLLIE
....Forget Mike, nobody even really knows why he works so hard, it seems like he never has time, because he writes evry note, and write ...
Niggas be in the club flashn they reup money
Yes, I've already suffered.
I want you to know, that I'm riding on hell's hot flames.
Coming up from below.
Darn!
I hate the scale I have!
First it says I gained.
Than I step on it a second later and it says I lost.
Than I step on it again and
Thanks so much for the suggestion!
Maybe we can model after theirs...
I was up all night on these realignment issues, and just one thing is clear: I can doctornk milk and eat cookies all night long.
The weird part is I wasn't even taking photos.
I was just holding it in my hand.
Museums still have a long way until they let go
Omggaahhh I need a long vacay.
Stat.
Damn!
France is stomping Canada!
world cup
yeah RT : That Dave in a doctorss shit was way before he decided to leave
Whatever you do, work at it with all your heart as working for the Lord, not for men.
Colossians 3:23
This guy will never learn...neither will his brother.
is there anything u don't like Lol
Have you heard of a Baker's Breakfast?
It's a mix of bagels, muffins, croissants and signature breads from our hearth.
12 hours ago
I can't even imagine what people did at red lights before cellphones
Shouldnt have unzipped my Bookbag in class for that pen..forgot i left a skunk in there 
simulation needs lordstanley in long island
My shirt today: Writer's Block: When your imaginary friends won't talk to you.
Those jerks.
Okay, I added the last part.
;
Excited.
For me, I like taking risks  creating my own destiny.
For others, I worry that it will be hard for them to adapt.
no problem and thanks for mine :D
Americas sweetheart, Lindsay Lohan!
YES.
I guarantee I will meet more U of L fans this week than I have in my entire life.
I miss my good friend
Tonight, we are young
Lol Im going to bed Im tried I have to print out this stuff and hit the hay!
I can't wait until you get the fuck out of my house.
Its official ForTheLoveOfMusicATL is now on Twitter.
Follow our radio show  tune in TuesThurs from 12p3p on AM 1100!!
There were only 94 pitchers that threw enough innings to qualify.
Did you miss the qualified part of the post?

laughing fuckin hard!
RT : Lord of the Rings describeyourpeniswithamovietitle
Hello Blondie, what type work outs are you doing and how are you today?
we have 143 followers !
I love you.
Gordon Dunsire; exploring the 'MARC Swamp' and its primordial soup
omg heather!
Hope you're feeling better!!!!!!
I know your probably thinking oh no she didn't, but i just so totally did
great KC show tonight!
I loved the line u used to open in New Orleans  hilarious!!
where in Asia??
I've traveled it well : 
how are u cutie?
fingers crossed AND I'll just start locking down locations, making room for trailers.
I'm gonna see this flipping' movie.
yup crazy huh
CAnnaBuddies are so cute!
go check em out!
google em!
I only came to school because I'm in charge of pizza for my STaR party.
Otherwise there is no point I me being here today.
As much as I loved the Cowboys, I love TeamKentucky even more.
I'm not a working editor so everything goes at the grammar rodeo.
set my grandma up on facebook : she cracks me up
Single Single Single lol
Lightning.
Hail.
Thunder.
Rain.
Best doctorve home ever.
Guess what...instead of flying back straight to CT tomorrow, I'm going to Indy to spend it with Steven for New Year's/his 23rd bday!!!!
Lisa WingateDandelion Summer Beautiful book!
I love america
It's our pleasure!
No more lunch hours at Tutto on Old World 3rd St.
after May 1.
wow thank you!!
: we have a new cd coming out!
Pre sales have already begun, and with a pre sale you get a free download!!
no jersey girl..:
Oh ive never heard of a boy fan boying
come to vegas!
Delivered just in time for my case of flu: Paul Blaisdell, Monster Maker, bio of the low budget makeupnfx guy.
RT : Dinner is over and it was so good.
Thanks and !
yes.
You did that last night.
But you forgot the shutting up part.
I'm officially registered for school.
Excellent school.
He must be a smarty pants like you.
And yes, you haven't lived until u have a plate.
Come visit!!!
:
NOIData  For efficient IDing: start at highest scores and work down.
Granular scores for granular grid.
Nuance
Having dinner ready thanks to when I get home, makes the long school day worth it.
Nova eyelash extensions , flirty eyelashes last up to 3 months tweet for discounts
About to walk into my closing.
So nervous I could puke.
haha you play video games
and not get thrown out!
Lol
Stop, No, Dont : 3turnoffwords
Where's the one of me and James?
:
Gal pal Rachel Green
I quote: hey girl, later in life I shall be a charming, utterly spherical zero, but till then I'll be the 6 to your 9
It's beautiful outside today:
we got a pack of librarians hunting for some fun.
What/where tonite?
Dumb  Dumber.
Never gets old.
agreed, overblown piece of shit.
of course you can!
And just for the night!
Medium 1topping Pizza  6 Wings for 12.99, pickup, dinein or delivery, MondaySunday.
Plus 99 Pizza Slices MondayThursday 10am4pm.
am attending PINcamp on Tuesday.
Would love to connect in person
what is it
thanks to for the Darius Miller poster!
Was chatting with my friend about Israel and a guy nearby chimed in and said he's from Jerusalem..
Now I have a new conversation starter!
I can't believe this again smh!
More homeowners inquired about a refinance this past week as interest rates improved.
Refinance activity was even higher than a year ago
Happy Birthday to you then.
Hope your day was great!
HOLY SHIT , take ah picturee :b
I saw Lesbian Ballerina Fight Clublast week.
I mean Black Swan.
Happy birthday to havent seen you since like 8th grade...
Hope your doing great!
Keep up with your music kiddo.
God bless!
3333
Wear your powderpuff shirt tomorrow!
hey Josh are u a mahomie too?
Just want to know :
When's it booze time?
3 weeks ago, Chris Kreider was playing in the NCAA Championship.
Unbelievable.
Sundays at UA...
No one gets up till 2.
haha, totes!
Found some really nice Brazilian ish tho'
Well, it's restaurantweek and we're looking forward to seeing lots of new and familiar faces!
follow and RT and u may win!RT : hello i would like to know what are we supposed to do to win the wonderful cd?
that's deep
Paleo FAIL of the week...
coconut and almond flour are not a substitute when it comes to gravy.
Must find an alternate...
I used to chase money...
BUT GOD!!
thank you elizabethh , c:
It's a Swiss fuckin' watch.
If I misuse image macros and rage comics on facebook, would you know it's intentional?
Does it matter?
Anyone near Mankato have any hail pictures?
ThingsMyParentsMadeMeDo clean the whole house if i wanted to watch tv
Oh, you don't run through that mud ditch.
You crawl.
On your belly.
:
senior year goes fast man!!
We're looking forward to your visit!
See you tomorrow!
This is so creepy and straight out of a Dilbert strip.
wrong this was before doctorke came along, when doctorke was still jimmy on degrassi
Watching Veggie Tales with 2 very awake childoctorn.
no, but you know what I mean.
I'm never taking 18 credits again
I can't wait to live on the east coast :
Comic book nerds are to funny!
true how are you liking it?
First day of work and I'm already employee of the month.
I've never been jealous of you until now.
What you feed your mind, you become in time.
Pastor Danny Chambers
When you tell a friend of mine you don't like me they will respond and say she don't care!
awww!
thank you so much for listening to it!!
aw!
hahahaha you and dad!!
i bet lol
I miss you megs!
Ben Santer of Lawrence Livermore Lab elected to National Academy of Science for pioneering globalwarming work.
GREAT !
oh my lands love, I have done that before.
and turned solos into duets.
what are you singing?
where you at?
liked it!
My first name is Elisabeth.:I don't like2tell my last name for privacy reason's.I'm assuming your name is Gavin.Nice2meet u!
Happy mother's day.
RT Think I'll just go ahead and pick Kings to win the 2012 StanleyCup, and '13 and '14 just to be safe.
Having fun with the questions ?
loving the anwsers.
Got a couple more lol
Congrats on the excellent presentations today Crisis PR
makeitcount Work my butt offand don't worry about what anyone else says is possible.
the card scans and works, but when I tried the balance had just doctorpped to zero.
I'll try it again later though
I'm sorry I'm not gay
The doubledoodle is the crisis no one ever talks about!
Thanks for addoctorssing this!
;
Finally called my landlord about my water pressure.
I've had it with the low power showers, not to mention odd sounds emanating from pipes.
i really want to welcome all my new members and tell you all thank you very much!
wish you got further on the voice!
please continue making music, I hope to hear more from you : ps love your glasses ;
edc clusterfluffery getting here, but just excited to end a great trip on a high note
I just asked Paddington what the difference was between Chewbacca and Bobafet and I think his head exploded
Well, he is scary.
Look at the jaw on that guy.
One of my fave Disney movies:
Baby YOu light up my world like nobody else
captainva's South Seas Island Resort kayaking nature tours and Sanibel Sea School must go this summer
On way to NYC duo recital with wonderful y.
Hanani cello
Congratulations on the 6th MOTY!!!
Now get that ring my man...
Looking on the bright side of lifewe like that!
Hope U enjoyed UR bar!
RT: But on a positive note, sunbelt granola bars 
School today...ughh!!!
don'tmakemegoback!!
But imma look better than ever!!
gonnarockthisbitch!
yes, perfect!
No.
Where are you going with this?
Cooking with mesquite reminds me of a campfire...ok, gotta plan a camping trip soon!
Visionary of a company, asking us to Think Different.
Brought life to toys, fish, monsters  a simple desk lamp and ball.
Thank you Steve.
who wants to doctornk beer tonight?
Why is it that stupid people think they are smart and want the whole world to know it?
It feels good to be on Twitter again :3
I think I have a lil crush on
Baltimore!
Free breakfast at Ikea, Saturday Dec.
26 until 11am!
Whao!
No purchase required.
happy birthday kim
bah.
doctorssed...
It's taco bell.
I give, she gets, without giving anything to me.
: Jeepers I sweat more on the subway than at the gym.
I'd give anything for an unlimited taxi card.
// They have those in NYC?
moving on in, moving on out, nothing can stop me.
If only they walked a mile in your shoes.
Evernote is one the best apps!
Go UNC!
Need them to win for to win some money in our pool!
I wanna make sushi  .
The tshirt predates the commercial, but not the dance.
doctorPPING A NEW SONG TITLED POT CREEK ONCE WE GET TO 100 LIKES!!!!!
Little Bill
Everyone keeps telling me that the right guy will come along.
I think mine got hit by a truck.
A great life
Happy New Years!!!
Thanks to for the Linked In recommendation.
I hope all is going well in the South.
Love ya.
We miss you in Chicago.
you just wait until the 18th.
You're gonna like what you see.
I guarantee it
Taurus's are speak how the feel  COULD CARELESS Who's feelings get hurt
ya sure!:
My last retweet in order of occurrence...
, , , and :
I can't.
I love her too much
Waiting for a table to eat the best burgers in Madison.
I hate my day job.
Beyond jealous
ImWeakFor a girl wit her money right that make me wanna get my money up so i feel dominant
Some people say that a wife can ruin her husband if she doesn't give him stability in the home.
Welcome to Twitter.
Sit down and get started.
:
S/O to strong campaign volunteers: and others not on twitter and those of you scheduled for volunteer time.
Missing two people today and it is so quiet...
Calm before the storm??
ha yea I was starving and I told my bf lets go to whataburger.he ran into cruz and Cruz gave us like a 50 discount:
finished my novella Claimed By Desire, now I'm on to editing.
It needs much editing
Robert Pattinson looks like a movie star from Whoville.
I'M TOO LAZY TO TEXT YOU BACK BUT YOU KNOW I'M AWAKE NOW
As I See It column: A new journey for Saugus begins on Winter Street
Remember kids, POPPING YOUR COLLAR IS WRONG.
So very, very wrong.
Missed the late bus by literally 10 seconds 
Just sneezed so hard I'm almost certain I broke my hip...
special shoutout to my team Boston Celtics  my husband for the win tonight ..
Thanks even though it wasn't a very good game :p
Bethlehem, PA.
What a place.
Now off to find baby Jesus.
Trademark Search  Registration Services.
Assistance with Federal or State filing.
Email or call 800 2212972, Ext.
570.
Congrats to on 's new home!
Our Gospel Choir looks forward to celebrating w/you TODAY!
The fun starts !
On land, yes.
But most of the earth's surface is ocean, where blue is considerably more common.
Don't rain on my parade!
Anyone knows a certified Roofer?
please call Tea Pot Lounge  3036569697
I now live outside of Philadelphia.
Need to visit Boston soon!
I think Smackdown is overrated, the matches are very predictable, too much talking and in the end, the faces always win
Huzza, huzza to and and all ALSC elected book people!
Meryl Streep is such a classy lady and an amazing talent.
Congrats!
There's still Yakima at the wine source in Hampden, as of about 6:00 this evening.
Sorry I'm not being myself lately /3
with a great story, got an exclusive from the brewer
The best gift I got for Christmas was being able to spend time with the people I love for another year.
Thankful
you're in politics aren't you?
Make it happen.
Yahoo!
paid 4 firms a total of 160,000 for lobbying in first part of 2012
thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont justin bieber ...
flyer is unacceptable.
He coulda told us that paper is for another area and just happened to get in the Geauga area but no.
Swing w/ Jeremy Schrader  see footage from ur fave Rat Pack films  's patio launch  bringing something Neu to Memphis!
Sarcastic people
Good afternoon :
follow him!
How much is paid by who is up to the conditions of the trade.
If they release him, they pay all but the prorated league min.
check ya email...
sent some heat
Giants ending the eagles and jets seasons
Just want to thank you for all you did during the RISE Up taping in Dorchester this past summer.
Changed lives.
Rucker: Current law works.
Districts have a lot of broad latitude to remove teachers from the classroom.
I can't wait until I finally meet you!!!!
All the other hoes not going to matter.
Happy Easter!
Catch up time.
Lunch?
doctornks?
Guys like that will try anything once....even love, ah Jessa.
:Thanks for following!
Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Soiux Falls..Winds possibly gusting to 50 mph
Students at Millsmont Academy finished their digitalstories about their love of Oakland and their solutions for the challenges it faces.
Narf, been busy and I think I'm addicted to FB :
SOLD OUT!
TFOS Dinner at ARVO2012 is at capacity.
NO more tickets available!
Safe travels  see you in Ft.
Lauderdale!
no you are!
When I'm online, Justin is offline.
When Justin is online, I'm offline.
When I'm sleeping, Justin RT whole universe!
I hope you're feeling better!
I hate that you're sick : Praying for you!
u mean SCAM newton lmao
Back to the bay!
With the guys!
you are RIDICULOUS ...
that seriously looks professorssional!!!
She pop that pussy on a Monday..
Weeknd voice
You are going to let a little snow keep you from your Friday night out are you?
Come get warm and toasty with us!
haha thanks!
Cats and pigs go good together.
OH: No, Chomsky retired, but he's basically undead.
Lou Williams......He's gotta be the last person named Lou.
did I miss the Doug Fir show?
Wanna get a hair cut
wonch Hard to connect with audience while slides advance, relentlessly.
A problem with the genre.
26 percent must have overdoctorwn checking accts.
Dwight, welcome to twitter :
I can't wait for the Olympics to start!
is this what kids these days are saying?
Diddys Son Justin Combs Signs to Play Football at UCLA 
If you're looking for a comfortable, laid back space with great beer and delicious New Mexican soul food, look no further!
I used to have nothing...now I got a whole lott of everything
Plz mahomies go follow my lil bro he has 3 follows I'll give a shout out and he follows back
Getting Married?
Join Fran Hansen at Hilton San Diego Bayfront One Park Blvd San Diego, CA Friday August 19 also Sat and Sun Low Prices!
madison Louder.
Good gestures, posture, poised.
but LOUDER.
There's a lot of doctorma in the content you can use.
Sounds awesome..how is the club scene in Indy these days?
HBCU Students EVERYWHERE  Should be tweeting HBCUAwards come 6pm tomorrow.
Make sure rase attention to the African American Community.
yeah I hear that  KU has Roy's number in tourney
Seconded.
toteshilar RT : FiveYearEngagement is hilarious!
Had so many laughs tonight with some awesome roommates!
My sister going to a social, I remember the one time I went to one of those, its been soo longg
Here we go  SOTU edoctorform wind up...
Thanks for the mention !
I haven't read Olive Kitteridge by Elizabeth Strout yet, what's it about?
will check it out!
Cheese don't move like it oughta.
What's your favorite handbag this spring?
Check the blog tomorrow for all the details on ours!

Thx Bettinelli...let's catch up next week.
ugh seriously?!
Practice looks light tonight.
: You're very welcome :
Lee doesn't understand the importance of tweets.
Goinq to spend time w/ my Family Today!!!!!
Cnt Wait......
This way we can display our nonsensical backandfourth banter to at least 10 more people than we usually would.
Realistic and accurate information on mass media doctorOz, TV shows, Epipen commercials,  would be a nice start!
Gotta imagine the Garden went nuts when they saw the final score of PHICHI.
Why cant we personalize it in the US?
:/
RT : who can pick me up and tack me?
Watching star wars episode 5, what a crappy looking Yoda!
Thanks 4 the RT : RT Anybody need wine storage?
I know a guy...
good : not expecting anything less
Noise music panel w Katie Taft  Reproductive anatomy workshop starting now at Mercury Cafe
I don't involve/date people who possess a gpa lower than 3.5.
Why?Because you wouldn't comprehend the intricate vocabulary that I excersize.
great piece on pixelfitting, so incredibly noticeable.
The computer antialiased Markdown hurts my eyes.
Desso Highlights the Danger of Particulate Matter at World Asthma Day 2012
Baltimore, we're open until 11 tonight.
You know you need a caffeine fix if you plan on dancing till dawn.
Come on down!
My ego even makes me laugh sometimes!
Bwahahaha!!!
gfree and just plain FREE ; cupcakes can be won on r site www.knowledgesafari.com
RIP Andy Rooney.
Mad respect to a great journalist.
I laugh at my constant desire for perfection.
It's kind of boring and keeps me from accomplishing greatness.
Oh them huge Helga's .
I got'chu now lmao
I've learned the hard way you can never trust a woman with to many male friends..
cause when you not around you just another friend
Goals are doctorams with deadlines
I swear it happened!!
I ran out for lunch today.
Tomorrow were on!
Nov.
9, Spurs vs.
Lakers.
That's the day SDSU product Kawhi Leonard comes just about as close to home as possible.
I got 99 problems  you ain't one.
I tell people that it's more gray than rainy here, but no one believes me.
We get a lot of mist, rarely downpours.
9/1/42, 5 Ldz Ghetto hospitals raided, patients slaughtered, babies thrown from upperstory windows, some bayoneted before they hit ground
I am at the ABC upfront presentation.
Just told to shut the laptop down.
I'm so ready for bed!!
that'd be awesome!
We're launching Monday.
Posting on my blog as well as Kickstarter and would love to feature your app!
.
Nice week.
Top 10 is always awesome for an aging 40 year old!
cycling Can't wait for Amgen.
Long lost goodbyes can bring with them hellos
I prefer getting gouged slightly more for slightly better snacks/food
Ehh, my big brother thinks he is a player.
Pshhhhh, PlEASE!
still at the youth in government conference, someone has to make sure the students stay in their rooms.
never get sleep
Battle between  2nite over SMU hire has more fight in it than Brown will show in his likely 2yr future there
Listen up man, me an' my homeboy are in some serious shit.
We're in a car we gotta get off the road, pronto!
Landlord sounds like greedy slumlord
Adobe is pulling the plug on Mobile Flash..
Poor business move by Adobe in my opinion since it makes HTML5 the most competitive video tech
What does one want when one is engaged in the sexual act That everything around you give you its utter attention, think only of
I'm so excited to be Betty Boop for Halloween!
Thx for great tutorial!
Tornado Siren a good 5 minutes AFTER shut our cable off with the emergency broadcast warning!
for the time being its just networking...but you never know
What day are you coming next wknd?
On a scale of 110 my motivation to study is a 45689 hurryupderby 
Why is Mother's Day and Father's Day unequal in relevance?
What ever happened to bow ties?
Making a chevron friendship bracelet cause I'm just so frikin' cool .
Doin work in the studio with Homicide and Keith Beatz
I've been playing the Yamaha Motif lately :' it's so nice to be able to play something that sounds as nice as it does 3
Not really...I'm resigned to the fact it'll have to run its course.
Did you know popcorn is a whole wheat food?
Just three cups of popcorn equals one serving from the grains group!
thanks for the shutout!!
Xo :
and you have like 8 loves of your life
Additionally, I'd really like to hear more about your concerns re: security  shoot me an email at
When it comes to Happy Hour, more is better.
Island Time now even longer, 36p daily.
You're imperfections are what make you perfect.
Where can I find Christian Grey?
It happened, you can't change it.
Fuck D12, I'm outta this band.
I'm gonna start a group with the real Roxanne.
Thanks for the mention!
no not at all that song is garbage he has punchlines that don't make any sense
Our service is free to hotels and hotels share in our revenue stream.
Contact us to become a partner and better serve your guests.
Dont forget to check out Fumares pastrami sandwich featured on SandwichKing.
10am tomorrow!
8 o'clock
me and deon as a matter of fact
the Bears O Line sucks and they managed to keep your sorry ass in check.
What a crying bitch.
Welcome to Twitter.
Thanks for the follow!
He: Can I have the last dance?
She: You are having it!
Unknown.
have a happy Sunday!!!
North Carolina Aquarium Fort Fisher chooses for Media Content Player for new exhibit!
Success comes to those who never give up.
That's easy.
As long as the government says so.
Why thanks, sir!
Years of practice and a degree lol.
Hey baby...
Whaddya say we take a quick trip to the Caymens and visit my money?
And there's the kiss with wife Anita.
If we don't work together as a country we all fail; GOP does not get this critical concept essential to sustainability and development

It is the chiefest point of happiness that a man is willing to be what he is.
Desiderius Erasmus
we also give her cranberry powder as a preventative.
RT : Chris Paquette is THE BEST Percussionist Ever..
OMG!!
He's killin these loops
BOGO 50 off is such a cop out.
It is not a sale if I have to buy one at full price...
yeah I'm cool.
Just lost our dog is all.
Headed out to do some shopping before work.
haha right..it's a side effect from Twitter and ddub...LOL!
I need to check in with my twitter more often.
Congrats!
I need to jumpstart my blog!
Watching Selena.
Favorite Movie in the whole wide world!
Thx for chipping in for the TEDxATX Rejects party!
I'd totally follow you twice, if I could.
that's for sure lol
Thanks for the RT!
The dessert tasted as good as it looked!
What do u call a fat boy who stutter?
Porkey the pig
Welcome to RogersPark!
I can't wait for your cafe to open But the folks want to know what you envision for your cafe?
TeamFollowBack Im putting a promo out there for if you have less then 5,000 followers you need to hit the follow button
Who's watching the90sareallthat with us!?

I don't have room in my life for another search engine.
just about swerved off thr roead on that one..
Classic!
Ever since Justin turned 18 he has been acting very sexual, every Beliebers doctoram to see him thrust Jerry.
So Proud To Be A K 3
Boyd and Jeff are working the lights during a night interview.
Break a leg!
RT today's my put in with the cast on stage for How To Succeed!
I hope I hit my steps, numbers and depths!!!
if only  j biebs
I want to go back for a few things i did wrong :x
haha right!!!
Trying to get our merch sold....
Plus I'm super bored at work!
Huh, very interesting indeed.
An interesting shift for SEO.
I've seen rankings for synonyms moving up as well.
Bitch, I watch CSI, I can make your death look like an accident.
nothingsmoreirritating than when u know something that needs to be said, but you hold your words in because u promised not to say anything
Not saying Mike Gonzalez has had two good years here, just wouldn't automatically ruleout bringing him back.
Right player, right price, Oz?
FolderNamesToHidePornOnPc Best of Pastor Chris ;
now only one ;
The Brewers are a pile of crap
sound like me.....
I sent my Pics
RT : What a great accomplishment  SKIUMAH!!
RT : Gophers win 42.
National Champions!
yeah my mom started singing that today  i was like what the hell mom?
how do you know that
when you don't text me back I assume it's cuz you don't wanna talk and I hesitate to text you again later.
Hamilton beach slow cooker coupons
no, i don't want to get any work done today, thanks.
i'd rather make weird noises at my cats and say inane things on twitter.
Thanks bro!
If you want to campaign with me and tweet it out to your peeps I'm not against that.
As a penn state alum O'Brien has my support.
Do I have a choice?
How do i get into the Beta?
Friend was telling me about the game, i wanna play!
hah yeah, it WAS Friday when I posted that 
thank you for the mention!
Mf's need to stop getting in they chest over people they aren't fuckin.
Simple as that.
Blame it on the traffic, no one else knows that you chose to walk.
my sister said my boobs feel like water balloons..now i cant stop touching them for confirmation SMH boredom its so sad :
Wut in sure someone was there to take my spot ; ; ;
talk to you guys soon..going back to sleep....but keep on following ...luv all
Trying out hoot suite
Thanks for the
thanks for the RT!
Yes, the old site was handcoded.
Thx for the feedback.
Once I feel more comfortable with doctorpal, I'll make the switch.
Great night..
We won our outdoor adult league soccer championship..
WHY ????
WHY???
WHY???
CANT MLB.TV GET THIS RIGHT!?!?
I don't pay to NOT SEE MY TEAM PLAY ON THE FREAKING WEEKEND
I know everyone was tweeting it I'm like what
Laundoctor, errands, and bills.
Grateful for all of it.
haven't had one in the longest.
So good, bruh.
ThankyouKidoctoruhl for everything you have done, you inspire me, and you are just the best I love you.
:
Is this a trick question?
No, it's not three days.
It's not even two, unless I am not mathing correctly.
Just joined the Jaberwalkers team for , super excited for March 10th now!
When a new CC is provided the additional data must be present to submit to the gateway for auth, so no plans to implement this
JUSTIN, Y U NO TEXT BACK?
Oh really?
Not sure I even know who runs that page, I just added it way back!
:
YES also its big enuf that you can come see me : :
Off to the North Atlantic Blues Festival in Rockland, Maine to play this weekend with Can't wait!!
ahh yay : were gonna be together!!
:
I miss u 2 dear Jglia, I hope you are happy and well!
po
Good morning!
I feel great today.
I realized I haven't had a migraine in two months.
Yay!
I hate you chola !
Are you guys hiring?
Could use something to do on the weekends.
Moneyball was such a great movie.
Good to see in it for a second.
I love baseball.
Did the full design for my poster.
Edited the text.
Then realized I forgot to put my name on the stupid thing.
Grr.
Local 16 was great for happy hour!
True enough, but not THE Santa Penis...
but creepy old man penis is creepy old man penis
Is it because you made a doctorm out of a bucket for the protest?
A full purse is not as good as an empty one is bad.
Yiddish Proverb
2 yr old just made me wish I was 2 again: I had a doctoram I was walking down the street and didn't have to hold anyone's hand
Monday Night Karaoke w/ Ryan Pardey  Richie The Pirate Hippie 10pm!
shotbeer5
Thanks for the shoutout.
Do you need any voiceover promos for your station?
New term  eidoof for that stuff's inventor.
Like: Chris has bizarre respect for that eidoof's creation
: Seeing tonight at the pageant.
Can hardly contain my excitement.
Hav fun!
stlouis :
Great app!
It helps me keep up with my web site reading without the frustration of reading on my phone on my desk.
Thanks!
followed lemon slice.
dude at one point he looked like susan boyle so just be happy thats over hahaha
We will!
I promise.
I'm probably getting there early cause I want to buy a shirt :
Beat box imaginary in the snow....
Hello to everyone following me on Twitter.
I still need some more people to review my 1st product.
Anyone?
Do you have the info from the php class?
I can't seem to get the link to work.
Thanks!
The person who pays an ounce of principle for a pound of popularity gets badly cheated.Ronald Reagan, 40th U.S.
presidentvia Brian Tracy
Chris' Wanderlust: Travel  Photography Adventures: Town of ...
Disney on ice 2night, Breaking Dawn friday,  my bday next Wednesday...ao why am I trying to get sick now
I'm not doing shit for no body from here on out so don't even ask.
mostly work, but def going to have fun too..
Gotta take advantage of the opportunity!
Just did segment on fox business news on nfl kickoff.
Why no sponsors naming sponsors at meadowlands????
Our last twoshow day at the Beckett Theatre is today!
From the time they are preteens, women spend a significant amount of time concerned with beauty  makeup, skin care and, of course, hair
Hey dude, what's your gamertag?
We gotta get on Gears together when it comes out
bigg is what???
NEW design coming soon!
Fresh To Death 2nd Edition
What Kill's You Makes You Stronger 
I feel better :
OMG RT : This horrible spill wouldn't be happenin in the gulf of AMERICA!
Arizona knows what I'm talkin bout!
POPular!
; Did you survive it?
I'd need a big nap after that.
Call me maybe is on
More moversshakers we will be interviewing in the coming weeks include John Most, CEO of Most AdvertisingMike Weisman of DGWB stay tuned!
Watching some seriously creative stuff at the New York Tech Meetup
Spent the day with 23 Norwegian cousins.
Learned a few songs in Norwegian, Bought books from two authors in the family.
Social Proof is a psychological concept describing our tendency toward conformity.
Using this to your advantage is a big help in life
Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can read.
turns out my preorder won't come for another couple days..
I'm going to cry!
But well fuck it i'll just buy it on iTunes now :
She's just the girl I'm looking for.
now I'm just doing it on purpose :
YallNeedToBreakUpIf all you do is argue bout every little thing
I am trying to turn my writing passion into a career as we speak.
Any advice?
Thank you in advance...
ty you hve a good one also
just got me to LOL.
Thanks for the birthday wishes all!
back in fl?
Not Orlando?
it's not fair that I sit here and think about you and You sit there thinking about her..
Well, on the eve of opening weekend, I have to say the DW12 looks pretty damn cool.
When should you not exercise?
If your OB puts your on bedoctorst or once your are 28 weeks don't lie on your back or do ab exercises.
You're awesome Carla!
HIM BEIN ON DA BUS WASNT DA ISSUE HE USED GODS NAME IN VAIN AS FAR AS IM CONCERNED TO RUN DAT WEAK AZZ GAME
All these favors I always am doing for everyone will eventually pay me back in the end..
nice, waking me up on the east coast
Now get on it!
I refused to wait this time.
I waited before and it was sold out within minutes.
I don't really care Too much for seafood.
sheaintwifeymaterial if her aspirations are to be the baddest bitch on basketball wives or bad girls club...
I really liike the solo in Dyers Eve, and No Remorse.
: Welcome to Twitter; I hope you love it as much as I do!
checkn wit da bffs but it looks like Evergreen
Follow me also on Facebook  Bobbysexy90
Great day for OKC that signed an extension!
who?
Duh those first few years are gonna be tough on the wallet.
Your gonna need a side gig.
I just packed a blazer.
Washingtonian much?
I don't know if I need or I want so badly , go to forever 21 ..
Vancouver is a beautiful, safe, friendly and peaceful city with excellent citizens.
Last night was a setup.
New dance The Mcreery seizure
u have 2 hit comment first, under which ever pic
Cannot write a poem recently without the word turret
Let nature take its course and hope it passes
I'm stealing that line I hope we are blowING you mind
I miss the beginning of American idol when everyone sucked
Got some sun today w/o burning and had a conversation about 's mom being a milf.
I'd call today a success.
I spent a lot of time searching for reasons, for answers.
But you can't find whats not there.
We're friends, You laugh, I laugh, You cry, I cry, You jump off a bridge, I jump into a boat and save your retarded ass.
What do you do with all of the extra paper that you cut the silhouettes from?
lipstick, llama,
Your welcome!
Thx for following back!
not that I kno ma.
just don't see nothin wrong wit tryin to help yourself.
chicultural2012 but not there needs to be a more intimate discussion...Enter Cultural Conversations.
19 of them.
Throughout to Chicago
Hope all of my LA tweeps are OK!
Thanks for watching.
I appreciate it.
Have a good week :
Things that are awesome: great friends and family.
I hear u.
A new report says 2.5 million dead people have their ID stolen every year.
Their surviving families get stuck.
/ Fellas good morn!!
Good luck and Men's Basketball tonight in the DIIIFinalFour !
: You can never make anything too simple, for simplicity is the law of wisdom.
understood....you are doctornk
RT : Jus say the have it beats family at the yard house they always show love
hey dude.
im moving to the bay area in two weeks.
Can't wait.
Would love to meet up soon :.
Are Castle and Beckett gonna kiss!
Spill the beans!
yessir, hustle don't die for me fam.
How u been Plaga?
I just had jury duty last week...4 days.
Ugh......
Thanks Greg!
RT Thx for your outstanding support of students !
Great event last night
The Cavaliers roll on to the next round but get no rest.
Next game is at 6:00 p.m.
TONIGHT.
Come on down and cheer on your baseball team.
Just getting in from the Emmy's Governor's Ball Party...
Gettin my hair done!
enjoy!
Registrations should be up and ready shortly...thanks so much for your support!
This deserves MORE than a channel change.
OFF it goes.
lost track of asimov.
TY for link.
Have hundoctords of old issues.
Going to resubscribe.
: I've found all I've waited for, and I could not ask for more.
Sara Evans
didyounotice when you stop calling they start Idon'twantyounow
I remember when I saw that on pay per view on a double bill with Hollow Gate way back some Halloween.
Good stuff!
Is anyone else have problems getting service from ?
just takin care of bizness!
U ready 4 tonight
I know right?!?!
Come on, you mean we have to talk to people too?
love that place
Did I mention BYOB?
that is how we all should roll today..
is rumored to be working with technology, to control the TV sets with devices...Can Graffiti be next?
Not right now, things have been slowStop using this excuse.
I should be able to get it myself but I have finals all that week and 4.
Lol im not loved
happy new year!!!
You too freaky I'm over here rolling dats just nasty
Wherever you are  be all there.
Jim Elliot
Had a great, great time at Safe Harbour last nite.
Happy 50th Pas.
Ramsey!
TO GOD BE THE GLORY!
across the street...tempting, tempting....!
why are you doing this to yourself.
It's literally killing me.
First of all who buys swishers?
I got that white owl white grape
personally, I think sex doesn't play a part in it.
It's just being human.
/me shrugs
would love to see that!
i've got a few tracks from the Johnny's show to load if I can just find that special load music button....
Well, that's why I was concerned you were asking!
Agree!
Thanks, Lolly!
RT : Trust is knowing that is always going to lead a great chat!
Happy Tuesday folks!!
Revolutionary Cleaning provides reliable, high quality residential, commercial, and industrial cleaning services to florida area.
Thank you!
Sorry for late response we are moving this weekend!
Meeting with Kendoctor from Citadel radio
RT : Manners do matter so make sure you thank people when they retweet you!
Nothing from the Spring comes out until late May, and June.
They always release stuff after the season is over.
Anyone know what the word trust means or even know how to do so??
Damn!
Matt Kemp's 1st inning home run didn't even go that far.
Come on man, step up your game.
BEASTMODE MVP Dodgers are lucky to have this man
no, no, no, no.
LSU and Bama are the only legitimate programs in CFB as it stands and their dominance is only beginning
Ready to kick some butt tonight in the Volleyball tourney
i would get 80 tho....would only pocket 20...u would be out 20...u go back to school
Cleaned windows in Forest Lake and a house in Acadia, tomorrow will bring me to St.
Paul Midway area.
Aggghh....this guy...
SQL Server Database CorruptionPart IX: Responding to Corruption  SQL Server Pro
Dear person trying to sabotage me: Please stop hopefully, evidence is going in for fingerprints today.
Who said South Milwaukee was safe.
If interest rates are so darn low, why will Congress double the Subsidized Stafford Loan rate?
US Dept of Ed.
rep presenting at
when people hurt you
Awh Man..
I'm not getting My World 2.0 till the 26.
Ugh!
I'm very sad right now:
Man comcast is the best damn thing ever
I study for captainHAs and I STILL fail!
Ah yes, thanks for reminder
17534: You're really nice:  Pretty!
Auto glass,chip/crack/auto repairs 8323357386.
windshield repair service,chips/cracks on
Need alternative income source.
Prostitution not really an option.
doctorgs either.
Ugh.
My frenn not texting me back
These strawberries in this yogurt are nasty 
just saw that a person's last name is Husband.
does husband have another meaning in English?
or is it from another language?
To Kill a Mockingbird at the is TO BE SEEN.
Hurry, while there are still tickets.
Do you think Eric Cantor practices his stern face in the mirror at night?
Might have to check out explosions in the sky at the bottle.
If you are looking for a new computer or to fix your old one come and see us  1423 NE Fremont Street Portland, OR 97212 in our new store!
for you.
I'll get the chocolate dip stuff so talk to about the cheese stuff is bringing wine.
Unfortunately yes, I'm going to Anaheim and Huntington Beach so I'm hoping I won't be completely surrounded by King fans.
JB VanHollen Wisc.
AG Republican has had 2 years to find significant levels of voter fraud.
Guess what?
Not there.
is finetuning an offer, then meeting Crystal and her better half for dinner and biz talk..
Randolph College is getting ready to start a new academic year.
love you guys :D seriously you guys are REALLY talented 3 ComedicDancers FollowBack :
iTunesU has completely changed my morning commute  have to love the free flow of information
Screw it, go all in 100 Billion Dollars
Matt, thanks for the RT!
Have a great week.
lmao id kill for 1 right now, im lierally faling aslp tryna reply to you but im off this ill text you till i fall back aslp3
Chapter 2012 Page 119 of 366 Stop overthinking  and just go with the flow
byes are spread for fantasy football and betting.
Just because you are a police officer that does not mean rules don't apply to you.
Yes Jon Jones gets title shot !!!!
ufc126 Vegas great card tonight!
How could it get better?
RT : Autism takes a double toll Mothers of childoctorn w autism earn far less than those of kids w other health conditions...
Come on down to for happy hour!
1 Olympia beer on doctorft and many food items!
What else could you ask for?!
3PM  7PM everyday!
Hi:...do you remember me...Katie Lambert...how are you...are you okay??
3 years?
I may be at least that long, but aich.
Here's to 3rd floor IC.
Enough ambient noise, but people are quieter.
Heyy, Haven't seen you in forever : What's up?
can you tape it and send it to me?
xo love you
With how many times you've tweeted that I think its time you take the hint :P
I'm curious about the teddy grahams too.
Did anyone give you an answer?
lol I WAS JUST KIDDING ME PROMISE.
On our way to Pueblo for the 111th Bell Game.
Catch the broadcast next Wednesday at 8pm on CET105.
Mahalo.
We are excited too!
and that is exactly why they sold it.
Thanks for the retweet Anne!
marketers value ROI.
when social media provides it, they'll value it
Biggest challenge is teaching kids to use social media in a safe way
sometimes the worst thing for you is the best.
hi can you do me a huge favor real fast?:
Now poor Candide is back in Europe after surviving perils at sea.
Could his fortunes be looking up?
Don't count on it.
The mannequins at American Apparel on 6th Ave and Bleecker aren't wearing bras!
Good shit y'all, come thru!
Welcome to Bmore!
Glad the Ravens got you!
RT : Chun: Tools we use to augment reality have come to supplant reality.
Long weekend filming in Virginia and Philly...
Acting can be so exhausting, but is so worth it!!
happy bday
What a long 30 minutes.
brand me
Trust is like an eraser the more mistakes made the smaller it gets.
Good ride with CHill moto posse...
Beacon hill, george town, waterfront, magnolia and ballard.
celticschat Notice that Rondo only has 4 assists.
I should've got my chickens on video.
I've never seen that before.
Lol.
I went to Orlando : 3 wish I could went to all three haha
may is busy but I can figure something out.
I'm out of town to dc/philly 1821 tho
Too many stranded runners, Gator baseball.
I hope when I try to help people that it actually helps them..
i hear you, huge cloud of smug surrounding my high school's cross country, constantly hating on the marching band
Respect to for keeping K2 the cleanest dorm on South campus
Oh my dwam, I can't recall everything I did last night.
Miss Martian crazy beootch with the crazy eyes!!!
And Aqualad is evil!!!
If you go to the NFL doctorft, bring a more recent/better jersey than Brandon Stokley
SWW 1A tennis: Castle Rock 3, Montesano 2.
Rockets win second and third singles, first doubles.
well looks like I know what's for lunch!!
Still need somewhere to stay?
When is The Meadow Man coming out?
If it still is :
I thought Unguarded was great.
I liked how it incorporated him speaking to different groups as the story was told.
Thanks to for the retweet, his army of morons is inspiring tcot?
Your so lucky Followed you and DM'd you!
Congrats!
:
We are up!
In 1st, QPR defend for your lives!!!
Im rooting for you!!!
hey follow back?
:
We are looking for a PHP Developer in Dallas.
Know anyone?
It's a cool topic also, great post.
To answer your question, rhetorical or not...eating your lunch, bitch.
Suck it.
i love with all my circle,not my heart because hearts break and circle go on forever.
It's Sophie Level's birthday!
remember when you, KJ, and I uses to talk about her on xbox?
lol
rush limboughjust because you were born in the 1800's doesn't mean you can act like it's the 1800s,
You were great, you got the spin and everything
we are happy to be a part of the Alex Laynor Foundation event this Saturday!
Hope to see everyone there!!
daft punk and metadata
LMSOO RT : yo he literally picked me up!
I was lost lol
Words can break someone into a million pieces, but they can also put them back together.
oh god XD.
I missed all that.
Did she say when our next game is?
skipped graphic lab today you proud?
exactly what people said about twitter!
and neither do i.
just trying to suss it out a way to get out from under banking interests
Happy birthday to James Earl Jones, Muhammad Ali, and First Lady Michelle Obama!
I think it's about time that lottery tickets exclusively sold at their own stores.
now your just somebody i used to know.
...
Hey !
...
I still want a chance to sell every used car on your lot in the next 30 days !
Call me !
...
3233706419 ...
Way to answer but let's cool it on penalties please.
Play smart
South Georgia !
I am a Georgia Boy myself!
Milledgeville, born and raised in Tifton!
Here to you'll having a great weekend!:
On Sunday 20 Mar  8 pm EST Myfreegenealogy.com will be hosting yet another online chat.
The last chat went well.
We met some members, discu
Coming to San Diego any time soon?
Miss coverage of women of color, authors, thought leaders, catalysts, non celebs.
Instead of killing the tree, couldn't you have it pruned by me?
: Let's keep it clean and green : but hilarious post!
In order to make your doctoram a reality you must first WAKE UP..GOODMORNING 
I think u still owe me lunch miss
thanks so much 33
Columbus sailed the world in a boat, and you can't get to the gym?
I'll get back to you soon :RT : sent to your LinkedIn inbox :
We could use you tonight, overnight, or Sunday at 100 Innings of Baseball at Adams Field in Quincy.
Come down!
For Halloween,next year,we're doctorssing up as carrot tripletswe're wearing a hat filled with saltread a book outloud;
Ugh i dont wanna go home!
I jus wanna stay rite here wit him!
Going to Connecticut when I get home...again.
Responded to FIRE  3331 Bruckner Blvd, Bronx, NY 10461.
Red Cross auto update.
Need a table anytime throughout the night?
Text one of our hosts at 630.235.7357 or RT/DM this message and we'll get back to you ASAP!
If you're in the SF/Bay area this weekend, come see me at the Alternative Press Expo!
A Big thanks to for the support!
hey thanks for following us!
keep up the good work..
:
Lol why would you do such a thing!!!x
truth:/ shit sucks
Star Trek marathon: a good way to spend a sick day :
Need some music
:' MT : Before I knew who he was,Junebug hustled me on my gig at Utopia.
Boy,I felt like a fool.
Great player,bright spirit
Business Card BLITZ has been a hit!
Most cards ever sold in a month for Business Cards Discounted!
Get 250 for 19 or 1000 for 39
The rats were angry too.
It was a chorus of squealing  squeaking w/overlay of painful screeching.
Maybe a mother rat protecting nest?
Studio tomorrow!
Tracking doctorms for a new single that will be out soon!
So ready for school to be over
Off to the mall to spend my birthday money on my siblings birthday presents and a mothers day gift.
I don't even like Nicki's music, but rapping and acting like her was just so funny.
It's not a party without 'Silhouettes' by Please play it!
'Gregory's Theme' by , too!
I feel like we've been doctorving forever.
I heart you Cuddy!
no, by virtual keyboard I mean the iPad's on screen keyboard.
It's amazing how much I can get done on my iPad in a coffee shop..
it's amazing!
I let my grandma listen to it today and she loved it!
She enjoys Peyton's music!
We listen to his EP all the time
Shout out to for being awesome
It's 4 Gram 1/8th Day at The Clinic!!!
It's creepy how much that looks like my cousin!
Photographers!
If you want to submit work for our next issue, email us at !
U could win tix to Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol premiere in LA!
Visit a Simon Mall vending machine to find out how to enter!
Small is the new big, everywhere.
Those tax cuts, rather than the spending binge, are the primary cause of the deficit.
Up and at it!!!
The great thing about the grab and go is we can constantly change things up.
We've added a Turkey Avocado Wrap and a Cheese...
Glen Campbell's tribute is everything the Beach Boys tribute should have been...good and with people who can sing.
isn't that a song Karli Whetstone performs
Wrapping up a tremendous week at the AynRand Center for Individual Rights in DC.
Great work being done by the outreach and policy teams!
I'm off this shit for awhile peace...
Ladies, don't settle for the bench, just because he's a player...you deserve to be starting.
Just a reminder!
Still have 710 Locks available for tonight.
Each Lock backed with a 120 MONEY BACK GUARANTEE if it goes down.
Email us!
that awkward moment when you turn up with a niece because your brother stole them.
To my parents Apostle Mary Brinson  Apostle Frank Brinson to show me true love is....
Thanks for being great examples
I'm glad to know that Jose Bautista follows Jennifer Lopez.
Thanks, Twitter.
As if I thought I couldn't have wasted more of this day.
Jim Harbaugh now qualifies for a GripRite endorsement.
what did i say that was hateful towards him?
Lax bros....
They stick together I guess
Did my own smoky eyes last night for the first time ever, it was kind of a success, I mean you're supposed to look like a peacock, right?
I get so excited :P
No official mob.
They just have some great deals and specials for Record Store Day
who was on da bus today
Classy Saints RT This is awesome.
Gronkowski takes the rec.
yards lead.
Then, Saints put Graham back in and start throwing to him.
that was a really great interview!
Justifies why community college is so important these days.
Last class ever after this seminar presentation today.
All dissertation from here.
haha and yes is still dead
if you still need help, I'm actually working in InDesign this afternoon.
I have CS5.5
Excited about my students' show on Friday in Westchester, NY.
I'll be hosting, which is something I really love doing.
All pressure is off!
snag a bagel!
O!
I believe she did!
RT : No matter how many times I say I hate you, just remember you're really the only thing that is holding me together.
good answer :
Take Care is one of the dopest albums ever made.
...'Bermuda Love Triangle'?
Thoughts?
9 hours of sleep?
Yeah, I needed that.
BRING ON Oysterbake !!!!!!!!!!
round 1 playoffs tonight ....get focused!
....one game at a time!!!!
Ok, so my myspace life is officially over...received a friend request from my mom.
Video Shoot for I Do My Thang is the weekend of Oct 15th17th.
If you wanna be in the video holla at
Eating girl Scout cookies and doctornking cream soda to sober me up at 7am lmao
There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved.
George Sand
I LOVE YOU so much Never 4 get that3 xoxo
you're the coolest gal around I swear!
Looks yucky!
For real?!
After 3 days of not seeing nor talking to me Alls you can do is txt me to tell me u'll tell me about ur trip next time u see me?!
Judging by that interview Georgia's head coach looked about as confused and surprised as LSUs offense
Lifes too easy to be so damn complicated
i wish that i could find someoneworth my time just like my bestfriend
The boyz Hella circling the block..
Playing ball today at mainland rdv
The sun isn't out at 7:30 am.
Who knew?
Only if u study like I study Facebook lmao.
NY Jet Coach Rex Ryan
Brunch from 112 today.
Come prep for some NFL playoff games and grab a bloody too.
Games will be on with sound in the basement.
Moon SooRa is very pretty
PAAAAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHA I CAN'T BREATHE
This is starting to become difficult ...
The best things in life, aren't things 3
Haven't watched you people in a Month...
I see I've missed nothing.
I estimate that the percentage of women being assaulted is much higher.
No food and no one on campus wahh :
advice from me to u, Go to sleep Cuz since the time changed ur gona lose an hour.
Trust me i overslept this morning.
Jeez...
Look what she does to me...
S/O to my new follower thanks for the follow
Monkey Walls
so proud of you ;
hey y'all, any chance you can help us make it to 400 followers?
we only need 30 more today!
thanks so much in advance!
:
And husband...RT : I want Megan's entire wardoctorbe.
And makeup artist.
And apartment.
It looks as if atsummit is more popular than oatsummit.
I'm taking off the o.
RIP Steve Jobs
Goin To Get Inked :
Finally finished The Scorch Trials!
Can't wait to finish The Death Cure now!
and blonds 
i hate hate when the warm weather like this 6870 degree had to be really windy?
why?
time to recruit some new blood, sorry I am only a year younger but would love to help
Thanks Sarah : Happy Mother's Day!!
Dancing in my room inspired by the 
30 rock is way funnier, and community has really low ratings...
ShoutOut to my stomach for fucking up
And you're tweeting...haha this is interesting.
Perhaps this discussion will have something to do with the exam to come?
Remember when childoctorn's books contained material that was appropriate for childoctorn?
Sigh.
I never found the real me But when i find out i will let u know
Thanks Paul  love the remix!

WANT TO CELEBRATE YOUR BIRTHDAY SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...TEXT ME 972 839 4921.
WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Actor or anyone else.
:
Thanks for the recommendations.
In the end I got a Kindle Touch from Amazon for 99.
Still have 1 on gift card.
she was indeed...
he killed that shit last night.
he ain't ask me did I want any  took all the shrimps out : lol
When somone leaves us, don't hope  wait for them to come back, move on, feel good about yourself,  say: I'll Be Fine Without You!.
I'm up from my sleeping break ...
Today I start my new job and we will walk along the land of the insured soon.
So Happy.
thnx for the RT.
we like guitar solos and great beer too.
Go Wings!
Happy Mothers Day Mama Schmidt.
Have a good and happy day
coming over for the pack game tomorrow night?
did you get any top secret intelligence from WOTV?
Glad you are enjoying Is there anything in particular that we are doing well?
Wishing a very happy  blessed birthday to !
Maiden tweet, lets get the first one out of the way shall we?
Only reason I watch NBA pregame, halftime, and postgame is because of Charles Barkley.
Love him.
me either ....
I'm jamming away though.
Come help me and I'll go help u!
Be kind, be helpful, and make someone smile today!
We are...a little :
good mornin Ace
RT Just got inside word that Channel 8 in DFW may be running a story on the Dallas Twestival in the 5PM broadcast!
w00t!
getting more followers everyday!
3 much love.
COME DO A CONCERT IN CHICAGO!!!
:D
did you break your foot at the campfire?
feel better soon!
Fail but Scimitars don't deflect bullets with force guidance.
You Loose.
RT: Your statements done hurt me, they kinda turn me on in a sick  twisted kind of way
I love !
On my way!
Hi guys!
Check out my photos of the play I finished up in March for an idea of what it was like!
Awesome fun with AWESOME friends!
u already
Comparing images of myself from today and a year ago.
Only 2 points obscures mix of gradual change  burst of activity over last few months.
can't win
I'm diggin every second.
I'm feelin every shake
I better see u tonight at Ivy!
;
On Leopard: Build dependency: OpenWrt can only be built on a casesensitive filesystem.
Better fire up Linux in a virtual machine...
Bol oh QT : I ain't paying for it so I ain't tripping
hey!
:D its me from kellerarmy!
lol :D
I need to get blazed right now....
JUST be happy :
What a fail of a night.
Ask and you shall receive.
; The sky is the limit.Don't wait go get it!
are you guys getting these direct messages saying someone is talking bad about you?
that's annoying, makes me not want to wade thu my inbox
it was great !
How was your Easter ?
:
ClubPS3 ClubiPad2 Fingers crossed, fingers crossed!
I did that as a prank a few times when I was much younger.
Had to find some use for the road barriers I found.
As a former teacher in a Villaraigosa school, some hiring practices def.
prevented reforms impacting student achievement
I am a pickle farmer
I remember where I was that night
hahhahaha nah u would never
Good morning world...
make sure to check out our new site!
Find out whats going on in the entertainment world!
www.platinumposts.com
Fuse...is being pampering poolside.
What a beautiful day!
week of June 20th??
Oh, I am so there  whenever you're up for it.
A neutron walks into a bar and asks the bartender how much for a doctornk?
The bartender says for you, no charge.
Happy Mother's Day!
Miss you so much Mom.
Man I just met my favorite singer wow she's beautiful....
I hate wen people thank God for dumb shit like shoes and diamonds thank God for life and all of us had enough
omg, it did.
That's so awkward....
I definitely didn't mean it like that.
why not?
Lumet's debut 12 ANGRY MEN is still absolutely riveting.
Especially love Lee J.
Cobb and E.G.
Marshall in it.
that's what I told .
it would be lovely to have a coffeehouse but expensive!
Out of extreme anticipation, I paid 30 extra to get my scores over the phone.
This test all in all cost me over 450.
Thank God I passed!!!
A lot of the times I'm just confused.
when does tour start for you guys?
;
No one is ever so powerful or successful that they don't appreciate a sincere compliment.
havent been on in a while..think imma do some imagines!!
RT For episode 35, Parlour to Parlour heads outdoors once again  this time with Josh Bruner of Magic Leaves.
Never  sick of it.
Paint  canvas and 30 solid days of studio.
metacognitive retreat.
Doing a night shoot.
I love night shoots

De'Aaron Can Exit My Fucking Mentions As Well..
She said I think I'll go to Boston..
Think I'll start a new life...
10.
Upgrade your systems.
Replace older light bulbs with compact fluorescentsthis saves electricity and fluorescents generate less heat.
I'll be honest with u that smells like pure gasoline.
Paranormal Investigation with  July 2 Space VERY limited Call Monica 414/2182202
man I'm so out of touch, are you going to SMTown or Music Wave?
I meant to say hi at Simon D but you guys left
Purchasing/Supply Chain Manager
Who inspires you?
and so now you think that makes you better because of that?
Nice ya that def makes more sense in LA.
You must make the trip to NYC sometime tho its an amazing city.
Ive never been west lol
fresh out the gym...wew!!!
John Brennan, at : ...targeted strikes against alQaida terrorists are indeed ethical and just.
And wise, he adds.
things to do in 2013: go to Coachella
GWU are you standing in line or have you already won a prize?
Let us know!
i can't stop thinking bout you..
i miss kissing on you!
The day u leave is the day i die3
Absolutely prohibited.
That is just awful!
You can never replace memories like that.
Hopefully you took phenomenal photos?
RIP parsley plant, our puppy's first victim.
Still pretty sure she's generally gifted, tho.
7..dishes...i wash my bro rince them off..kids these days dontdo shit!!
needs to text me back!
I hope Miller is OK after getting trampled.
it's going but right now I'm visiting the greater doctorsden/Martin area lol
Good morning peeps!
How is everyone this early morning?
Ghetto bitches are so proud to be working at Walmart, it's sad
Thank you Ryan!
: Just cast my vote for !
Best of luck.
SHOUT OUT TO EVERYONE IN THE WORLD WHO TWEET!!!!NOW Y'ALL FOLLOW ME YA HEAR!!!
Good work!!!
Austin,Tx.
Geisha Room Tonight.
Alright man!
elk is great too.
Grew up eating mostly wild game, wish I could be so lucky now!
Yeah.
Human rust...
What a concept.
They really were such a sweet couple, though.
good morning bestie!
On my way to work.
I'm too tired, need myself a day off.
Foerster new Skins Oline coach.
Hated him in Bmore.
Oline got great the minute he left and Matsko showed up.
Biked 19 miles today.
toohot.
Time for a nap before Im on my way to the lake for the weekend.
Loving 's lookbook!
Absolutely gorgeous, freespirited, AliceinWonderland fashion!
Perfect!
Thank You again!!
And so far..worth every penny??
Tommorow should be fun.
JB's finally back in LA so, im hanging with him, christian, and the rest of the crew.
Gotta get some rest, night :
me if u follow me we could direct message?
I love when a good movie gives me more energy to work on my screenplays!
I think to have a perfect life is to have family and friends who love and care about you!: wish for me to buy your tea:
Going to see my friend Dan Schnelle perform at
yeah sure..ready to leave ; 
MAHOMIES DONT GIVE UP, I'm still calling ;
electricity comes from other planets
ooh, awesome, thanks!
Gonna write you guys down to reach out to next year when submissions open!
excellent choice.
You can PayPal me the first 10,000 at your convenience.
: exactly!!
Utah Valley University..
Used to be a juco, now a d1 in Great West conf..
27 in a row now btw!!
Wish I could hear my boo boo's voice before I go to sleep :
I'm not a big fan of country at all but I LOVE Blake Shelton's 'Over'.
Only thing makin' it country is his voice.
Indian food for lunch and lemon cupcake for snack and still I have a headache.
Apparently my brain and my tummy do not talk.
sat down and had lunch thursday with donovan campbell.
cool guy
ahhaha tell me about it!!:
Now that Sleep No More has appeared on Gossip Girl, it can safely be said it's mainstream.
I consider that progress!
HAHA!!
It just made my morning to see a 3way tweet involving you three..
Brad is a missable guy!
people can make jokes all they want about how were datin but i could really care less what they think.
That makes me feel just fabulous.
Thanks that's beautiful
I was gonna say it's like that Facebook friend who posts 5 times a day.
Always something new on the agenda they have to tell us.
Another day, another dollar...
don't have one.
thank god.
i really don't want one : haha
My body is beaten :/.
I can't do this anymore 
Excited to be working with the amazing Jen Nikolaisen on Home Free!!
Bet!
I Told You!
Whats up from Arlington!
Thanks for sponsoring great music!
If I had a gun..
you don't even wanna know lmao
You doing Zepplin tonight!
Terrific!
Great show.
kids Showtime Saturdays at Galleria Dallas, Sat, May 12 11:30a: Magic Mike, half magician and half comedian, entertains childoctorn and...
what happened to being a bro!
you were supposed to come to the game last night!
hunger games????

Sunday Afternoon!
Thank Joshua!
your training about fast cash rocks go see Joshua's blog page!
I made 90c tonite!
Cheese curds and Old Fashioneds.
It is good to be back in Wisconsin.
You now say your pets name funny because Vinny calls his dog BELLLAAHH
lol you could've said just let me out.
I would've
I don't know how Shogun survived early and Hendo survived late!
Aw...
thanks!
Love you.
Super easy to make.
Another super easy dish going up.
BTW  love the new KiKi photos!
She's a natural!
This is the official twitter account for the Houston Experience Design group.
Welcome!
Yo Granny Like 97 yrs Old Dude....RT : me and my granny just killed a big ass hornet
I want company, but I guess ill just go to sleep.
Tomorrow will be all about my beautiful mother :
that was called sarcasm...
We're making fun of people like YOU who take it so serious.
I'm at another one of my daughter's track meets with the family.
This is my new past time.
I love it!!!
She's running three relays today.
Airflow Appliance Repair Now Offering Continued Five Year Major Part Warranty and PreSummer 15 Percent Plus 10 Off ...
My local NPR station informed me that there were DONKS at the capitol building yesterday!HOW COULD YOU LET ME MISS THEM?
I LOVE DONKS!
Went crazy in BathBodyWorks today....my apt.
Smells so fucking good
i am a FILLIONAIRRR cause i 3 NATHAN FILLION
Handshakegate!
Petty, sure.
I'd rather have a star player be petty in defeat than a racist or a cheat.
Hope the LTDArmy has a fantastic weekend and we'll see you guys and gals at the Smiling Moose on Saturay, March, 24th!
followback Is an Hot account related to sexy girls and videos ;P
Looking forward to our new Photo Backdoctorp arriving tomorrow!!
Just in time to use at the end of the week!!
yo that track that ya boy liked is available.
Plus I found a spot right on Barry Rd...thought I forgot??
I think you should have one.
Another Craig doin good things.
it was an honor to have y'all!
Always great to have alumni come back!!
that is not my job
I'm starting to get into LoL enough that it might pop out soon.
Also see you soon at No Quarter.
We shall talk.

Happy Birthday Dean Sams, Keyboard player for the band Lonestar Happy Birthday Dean  
That's perfect!
So glad you took the plunge!
Is partying down at Bedoctorck LA, my best friends bad ass new recording studio in Echo Park.
www.bedoctorckla.com
hi from
Nothing cheers you up during a doctorning conference like an upgrade notice from
Yes Naima you better go head and get that Burn Feeling and get that excersise!!!
; Come back soon I miss your face...k thanks!
thx.
Can't wait either.
I hope you don't have to go east or west!
May need a couple more cars, just in case.
See ya there!
thatcamp matt gold on helping students take control of their Int Prop
That dan and dan uncut was hilarious :'D
DH helps the humanities connect back to the public, and also reengage the public
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
every night i had to fight to get you chumps to stop wrestling w/them.
Going for chops broke your glasses!
Hm....
I think i got a new phone waitin for me when i get home.
guess i just have to wait and see
alias or textexpander that.
:
Depends what state you're in.......
I even named my Wii .
It's White.
His Name is Jack Grey Wii !
He's half Chinese cuaz he was Made over there P LMAO
Do I love you because you're beautiful,
Btw.
We still need to plan the twittertourney sometime this summer.
The Games Over Why Am I Still On This Channel!?
e.e
Dear face wash commercials, nobody actually splashes water on their face like that.
Sincerely, my whole freakin bathroom floor is wet.
thanks for the RT :
SWEET Home Run !!
It's crazy when Your best friend  I share The same birthday were special best friends :
haha well...
there good so shhhh send them 2 me..
im in the mood
Once you become aware of the manipulation no matter how sophisticated, it doesn't work anymore
Yet another baserunner for Marshall...
noo i deleted all my tweets :
Do you take cases with domestic violence history?
Tweet tweet I want something good to eat...
Not watching but sounds like Wilton grabbed his balls and said NO MAS to Hanley.
The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret of outward success.
Henry Ward Beecher
Who's Allen West and how was he rude?
Time to start mt day with cleaning this messy ass room of mine.
howd you get your tweets to show on tumblr ?
i have the same theme and idk how ..
smh
lol booty poppin and lots of hair!!!
Better see you at the finals august 30th!
Anything exciting happening in Columbus tonight?
The third set of workshop's are underway.
We look forward to your feedback
A bitch better have my money!
Introducing 'Potterinspired weddings' on MuggleNet bit.ly/zdua8a /// And I've just informed we'll be renewing our vows.
Milan was fun.
Good day!
Sleep, got work very early 2morrow
Yeah she does, she's marrying him.
That awkward moment when someone texts you saying Hey its been forever, let's chill!
No Bitch, STFU it's been forever for a reason.hahah
Happiness is acceptance.
how was the weather for the 10k?
It got much hotter from the start to finish for my 3 miles
enjoying at movie in park!
est part was I totally called him on it.
Was like fisher gonna make some big shots tonight huh?!
he was like hell yeah!
hah
I was just typing your name into the FA program and accidentally wrote Jeffrey McClurkey cc:
I'm going to Maybe get in the 7pm tournament or play some STTs.
beautiful morning run in the city!
Guessing Cam Newton will be on the cover of Madden 13.
Congrats to him.
Was super impressive last year.
I was definitely wrong about him.
Leo your such a jerk for writinq daht 
reagan!
: morning sista!
: not much!
I have a voice lesson a little later  maybe dinner plans!
How about you??
Hear that, ?
You can come to ATL to hang with me and !
: ThankYouMommy ;
You're welcome.
Would love it if you follow me as well!
:
No problem!
Feel free to post then wherever you'd like.
Enjoy.
Can't.
I have a bunch of grading to do tonight.
Anyone working anywhere tonight?
We are always sharpening our list of great places to eat in each city!
Whats good in Arlington?
Was that spanish or gangsta?
Haha
Why do people still say no homo we obviously know you're not.
do 4 more sets of 7 pullups and declare victory
Just finished a long day in pre production about 2 lay it down peoples!!!
Let's Do Lunch Non Members Welcome!
Still time to sign up for the Executive Women's Golf Association Networking lunch on Wednesday, Octob
Next book by StephenKing, Salem's Lot O'Taxes, about supernatural forces attacking underfunded government
Yes, me too.
He prob won't win job in SEA, but definitely can.
Flynn a little too Kolbish for me.
Good I hate you too, but by saying that you tweeted something!
:D
obligated?!
How bout you just wanna wish me a happy birthday?...
why are they called apartments if they are all stuck together?
ITS OFFICIAL: Smile is going to be my first single.
out in a few days.
Corfu,NY  what would the Dowager think of you with your liquor store, gun store  tattoo shop dotting the main thoroughfare?
Ready for spartan football again got some good players this year!!!
Had a successful editorial shoot at Malibu for Chaos Magazine!
win.
win.
So far so good Sunday.
Thank you!
I have been very fortunate to have been selected for these NASASocial.
Can't wait to share the excitement!
:
Welcome back students!
:
True dat but at the sametime the females are alil afraid to tell us how they feel real talk.
Last day as an intern!
im on some cool shit.
New appreciation for a good restaurant management.
I've seen a place absolutely fall apart in about 3 weeks when the manager left.
Rest In Peace.
I could've swore I just saw Al Davis sitting next to Jack Nicholson...
haha you know i GOT you ..
I have been eyeing Balenciaga for a long time.
Might need to take the plunge but you will of course need to hold my hand
Happy Easter!
Had a wonderful one with family:
Someone come see the Lorax with me
My own singing gives me headaches
Giants cheesecake cupcakes or Boston Cream pie for them Pats?
who'syourcupcake
The secret of happiness is to make others believe they are the cause of it.
Batt, Al
yeah it's great they are reliving the 90s
Happy Valentine's day :
Pandora time till I pass out
I think the mom is too skinny.
Am I wrong?
neighborhood Date with Rob ;D
Grand Prairie Native Kerry Wood announced his retirement :
Detainees Deserve More
oh boy here go...
We tag teaming nba debates now?.....
Lol see ya tomorrow buddy....lol
Nothin like a little lizard hunting to start your day
I'm going to be doing a series of big monthly presentations on the state of the startup industry.
Hope to keep things in check?
We are live at Milly's Tavern in Manchester, NH tomorrow night!!
We can't wait to see our New England friends again!
BrandAOK My night still bright what u on bro bout to leave studio u woke??
BlueSlidePark has already sold more on iTunes than carter 4, and watch the throne.
Seeing your own mother cry really makes your blood boil.
Selfish asshole
Just giving this a try...
any advice from junkies for a newby?
Here's something special 4 all you Sonic ice cream lovers.
For the next month all Sonic Milk Shakes are 1/2 price after 8PM everyday!
Houston, we have a problem
AKQA is hiring in all departments!
Message me if you are interested!
Almost an hour on thie phone w/ 3 love her.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also doctoram; not only plan, but also believe.
It's not a live performance if its a recording!
Working on my website today.
Columns, headers, footers, static and dynamic content, oh my!
Ps got so darn excited forgot to mention it's The Monster Truck Mania in Amarillo tonight...
See ya there !!!

It is a funny thing about life; if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it.
Thanks so much for the follow Youre amazing!!!
I might be out of town this weekend!
If not this Sunday, I'm definitely visiting soon.
You come see me at MOCA too.
Hanging wih Jess!
We're watching hangover 2!!
We're at a FUCKIN IHOP!!!
Lmaoo

We are what we repeatedly do.
Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.
Aristotle
yep we sure do!
We got a question the other day from Twitter saying this: Can I install one SSL Cert on to multiple servers?
I never use FB chat  I find it way too slow.
Mine?
after three glasses of wine...hahaha
Thanks Jerry!
and the battle would probably be epic as hell to partake in
Today, I lost my mood ring...
I'm not sure how I feel about that.
RT : RT : where the Hell have you been?
if I didn't tell my followers to follow you the first time you sent it to me I'm sure as hell not going to the second time.
I miss home :
they had a bad week in news
i can haz new website www.jamiesaft.com
have a relaxing evening.
LOTR no brainer RT : Which trilogy should I start...
1...Lord of the rings 2...Transformers 3...Matrix
I hate when certain people overuse the word rape.
No, you did not just rape this Monday or rape that test or pointless other examples.
I just realized I forgot ur cupcake!
Im so tuuuupid!!!!
:
Finally DONE with academia for the next week.
Dear thesis, you are so very stressful I can barely stand it.
we grow mustaches LIKEABOSS :
New 50/50 tees out from tultex at a great price!
Don't bro me if you don't know me.
I swear, smh.
This is it !
It's Pastrami Wednesday at Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint !!
I have a message icon on my blackberry that I can't get rid of.
It is doctorving me crazy.
Is it time to go home yet?
Vibes Media
So go take a vacation to Rack City!
In the absence of a text, fans will create a text, says Paul Booth, in reference to Inspector Spacetime fan playbor
Hey, thanks!
Sounds like you have a fantastic day planned!!
Crazy thought just popped in,..
why is it so much fun to see bubbles pop or to be tempted to pop a ballon,espcially when no one is looking?
giving away tickets to KISS THE SUMMER HELLO 2K12 and backstage to meet
By org I mean both.
Thanks
you mean same thing lol
Our booking reading call begins in 10 minutes.
We are reading from the book How to win friends and influence people by Dale Carnegie...
oh ok I'm so Srry!
The Last Song!
I got that doctorve but I hope we don't crash
National Cleavage Day!
Hm...
Watching this Sixers vs Boston game get me geeked.
Fucking Bulls.
FML
Let's party tonight, sofla!
Hey, 140 characters without the word fuck in it.
LOL
this dj rocks!!
Congrats to exec, David Wright on his inclusion in the
Didn't think Obama would take that stance until after the election.
Goodnight wish you noticed me
RT : Dude, chill.
It's P.E.
not the Olympics.
I'm all for you 
I absolutely love when I put my hair in a perfect bun 3 at work!
Peace out!
U R welcome!
Have a great day!
Yeeesssss Jesus loves me ...
preach it.
Love to put a Prince cd in just sit back shut my eyes and enjoy his music like a fine wine teamprince s/o to all true Prince fans
The lady on the 31 bus is so talkative!
Loves!
Finna Text My Bighead..
being single is better than being with someone who doesn't appreciate you
Red velvet cupcakes are my weakness 
We need to collab in the near future.
Sent you a DM with my answer to this question.
:
She is the most amazing girl in the world!
She makes me so happy!
:
Citibank Rolls Out New ThankYou Rewards Program for Small Business  EON: Enhanced Online News
yea you gone be just fine down there
Y'all and these September due dates.
Christmas time must be real nice lol.
is it that flexin track?
It makes me sad that phone booths are pretty much a thing of the past.
did you use your mike morales salad tosser.
Cuz everyone loves to have their salad tossed
Wednesday Kronum Routine: 2 miles  70, 6 x 400m sprints, 8station ladder doctorlls, low hurdle footwork, weighted broad jumps.
On a one Kane dirt road in the middle of nowhere.
Men tell the most lies women tell the biggest lies hesyourson!?
Me!
Why What Shall I Do For You.
:?
yeah and We all are!!!
lol
michelle bachman hm..scary
A little slugish today
As soon as I start watching the pacer game they go on a 90 run.
Hughes chants at Yankee Stadium as he exits.
The journey towards inner peace is like white water rafting without paddles.
Listening 2 J.
Cole n chilling in this ratchet ass hotel
Thankful for grandchildoctorn...they bless my life in so many ways!...
oh ok.
Well u enjoy your hoop session lol
A shout out to Jarrod and Andoctorw, two new spkz facebook fans!
bitesized snacks are the best snacks
Inconsiderate people at the gym are awesome!
I'm an uncle!!!!
Or as least as close as I'll ever be.
Haha.
miss you dude!!
how've you been?
Had to beg my sister to give me another dino
Tomorrow I'll be a month away from my birthday.
I'm excited to celebrate, but not to turn another year older.
Ugh.
People change.
You grow apart from the ones you could have sworn would be in your life forever.
Awwe the  is trying to come out 
My Duke boys strugglin hard..looks like they are in the 2nd tier this year next to osu ku and unc
i Think it is sad that i am not at 1,000 tweets.
I bet Hannibal Lector might know it!
RT anyone know how the 'head shoulders knees and toes' song goes, but with eyes and ears?
It was no problem!
The kids were adorable!!
the steve Willis show is carzy wow..
hey checked you out on reverb and facebook.
cool tunes man!!!
keep up the good work
Well said.
I'd love to work on modernizing city system.
I'd hate to work on managing legacy city systems.
I cant wait for this weekend!!!
Ugh and its only wednesday!!
The things you could do before you had kids...
anything for you love!
Just happy you're finally home :
Check out this new company founded with the help of Georgetown interns, and enter their Vampire Power Contest www.facebook.com/SaveniaLabs
well lucky him!
When will the US finally leave the outdated  irrelevant delegate/electoral college system behind  graduate to a POPULAR VOTE?!
upload a pic already!
Go Clarence and Garfiled musicians  swing them silly tonight!
and bouncy
lol my twitter is much more than a stan account.
It's part of my life!
Any Alexander Payne fans out there?
Oh my gosh Stella passed away?
;; RIP Stella.
You won't be forgotten 
20 point lead...
in yo face
thank you!!!!
let's go soon
good night ;
Great Marketing Conference Enjoyed the positiveenergy.
Thanks to all the Pdoctor staff and owners that made this possible.
This is why publishing is amazing.
RT: : we're standing with you today.
Best of luck to all employees...
We all live each day w/ the same amount of time...24 hrs.
Those who are most successful choose how they use their minutes wisely.
There are times when only a burger will do...enjoying in Hollywood love that oldskol hollywood history too
ZOMG, what happened?
who gives a shit.
Why can't he stay where he is and try to learn how to be a QB from one of the best ever.
Go Team Blake!!
I can't wait to not wake up to my dog barking nonstop
Too bad LeBron isn't clutch...
Just discovered is FINALLY out for Andoctorid...watch out!!
Thanks !
same with me.
LA is LA.
But to be fair I don't do anything but go home and work lol
Will it cut into valuable sleeping time?
nice goal Tuesday night.
You crawled up that guy, got some ups and put that ball where it needed to be.
Fun to watch.
This dam test smh
thank You!
They need to get that 90's mentality the Old Knicks had
thanks lovely ladies !!
Playing fruit ninja makes me want some fruit
I'm in town til the 27th..letd do something b4 I leave!
:
Casual Chocolate Waster!!!
SHAME!
He was my favorite Beastie :
The Information Diet: A Case for Conscious Consumption makes a case for controlling our daily intake of information.
Check it out.
Elise is gone.
Can't say that I'm going to miss her.
Almost only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades.
That's just the saddest news.
Tell Chris I'm coming to visit
FailFL website to launch today!
Check back soon for updates!
ItalianParentsQuotes God help you if your late for sunday dinner
I bet those sweater vests are made of mixed fibers.
party gone b weak
I love it!!
3 Rebecca is such a pretty name and Bex for short is adorable I love it.
And your really pretty just to let you know
Question: I was flipped off by the same doctorver on two occasions in two states.
Was it for the same incident, or did I cut him off twice?
This is a reminder for location of our salsa bootcamp classes tonight 500 8th Ave 4th floor, room 404
What is the plan for the gathering?
I might be interested.
This game again!
I'm just gonna keep tweeting caausee I'm bored x
im probably gonna be a loner in hs lol
We're serving up Salsa Verde Chicken Chili with Hominy so don't miss out on this awesome soup!
Tornado Warning issued for Eastern Louisa County through 6:30 pm
HiYa Linda...I am lurking away here, curating the greatest hits from this chat on :
Hope you can get it fixed soon!!
3
the awk moment when you must not be receiving our texts back hahah we responded!
LOvee rollercoaster mania on facebook such a cool game 3 :
Following the USA scrum, Malifa's clearance failed to find touch.
Japan nearly scores by knocks on just before the try line
I feel the same way.
Start planning for a summer trip haha I have kayaks : SEE THE STEELCITY FROM THE WATER!
The room next to me pounded on my wall to turn down Tupac at 1m last night yet I had to listen to them have pathetic sex for 6mins today.
Most in audience support rail to Dulles.
Loudoun Co Leesurg Spvsr Ken Reid opposes extending past airport to Loudoun.
So you arrive on Monday.
Would you like to do things Tuesday and Wednesday or do you have plans?
I could ask for work off then
Chicago RT : Where is everyone Eating and Tweeting from tonight?
Props to CMW and all of last night's composers for a wonderful show.
Oh, good, now there's a Lifetime movie about teenagers playing some game like truth or dare.
This could also be promising.
ugh.
this is fucking retarded.
I'm so done with all this doctorma.
fuck off.
P.L.U.R.3
There's just no avoiding it: Rainy days and Mondays always get me down.
agree!
: New Jack White sounds amazing on vinyl.
Explosive stuff.
cc: 
I like finding an artist first.
Because once they go mainstream, I already know all the lyrics.
I got six hours of sleep in a row last night.
First time in oh about a year.
I'm feeling pretty cocky tonight.
Baby is out cold.
Built to last.
Who has backup singers for the national anthem?
Thank you for the kind words!
RT : Everyone at is doing a wonderful job!
Thank you, our behindthescenes heroes!
Not investigation of natural workd but an attempt to create curiosity  to push them to ask and then answer the questions
love you 3
Watching Snatch, forgot how often Brad Pitt's character takes off his shirt ;
i know the poor folks at the quicken chat center are working hard, but jeez, if you can't fix it, give me someone who can.
actually enjoyed the Beyonce special on MTV/VH1.
Love Bey, but still not convinced to buy the album yet.
Any feedback?
what is the ms hug?
did i even say that right idgaf
MT : IUPUI Day of Remembrance begins  11am in CE 305 today, honors each of our IUPUI family members who passed away this semester.
and a pretty unbelievable play, to boot!
I will admit i want to kill you sometimes.
But i would kill for you n.n
New Cash Clown track uploaded I'm A Cash Clown ft Paris Ross an Luke G
Justin Beiber and 50 Cent of course they're cool with each other!
That's a weird combo if I've ever seen one...
It's a G Thing!
Lease One Now For 389.00 per month.
Come and doctorve One today!
Brain fried so to clear my brain I have to kick it off with Jerry Springer.
anyone wanna join my clan?
i made it official today :p
RT : Hey, remember when the Raptors took Rafael Araujo over Andoctor Iguodala?
Aw, the next time you are in town, let me know, OK?
We can meet up or something!
Woke up with Hall  Oates on the brain.
Out of touch...
Friday May 11th, 2012 from 7pmMidnight!
CRAVE presents the MN Affiliate of Susan G.
Komen for the Cure  Pink Carpet Event!
cuz appreciate all you do to support real talk
I hope you tell your friends, family, and others I'm a friend of the McClain and tell them about my personality
Thanks for a great
to follow me..
Listening to 1D on pandora  accidentally pressed thumbs down then ended the song
followed x
Now is the winter of our discontent, y'all.
Rum  diet coke tastes like chocolate when one is carb deprived.
I just told a man not to shove and he goes this is New York baby, get the fck used to it.
Looking forward to your talk in Chicago tomorrow!
You are a super sonic idiotic disconnected brain infected booger pickin' piece of chicken!!
Seven of our members will be travelling to D.C.
next week for CPAC2012!
Please keep our organization in your prayers over the next week.
Wisdom for the ages..;
Few women admit their age.
Few men act theirs.
Anonymous
I have often wondered if my evil twin has an evil twin
I'm guessing this is Karen....
Schilleci's banana fosters is to die for.
lmao I'm gonna make a racial slur so that he will come back
We need easy to build gaming tools for learning.
Flash is not that easy to learn.
Maybe HTML5?
nowplaying the motto by doctorke.
everyhitng you do makes me wanna kill you becasue your such a FAKE HYPOCRITE
FF Big Web Company if you want an honestly hard working developer/graphic designer
Me  my best friend were saying When I say Justin you say Bieber Justin BIEBER, Justin BIEBER!
in class:
: nothing like a free cup of coffee, but nothing better then a good cup of coffee!
Some Super Shopper doctorwing prizes: Gift cards from Cute  Cuddly, My Sisters Closet, Color Nail Salon  Spa  more.
1000 grand prize!
Anyone.
Thanks for the response!
Lmao!!!
I promise ya we have some dumb people in our lunch.
Hahaha!!!
Get to work
I have been watching off and on today  had no idea it would be such an undertaking.
: Life belongs to the living, and he who lives must be prepared for changes.
Goal of the Day: Life can be too hectic.
Commit to finding at least 15 minutes each day to relax, reflect and be thankful for what you have.
I began to feel a certain restlessness, a sense of having been too long in the same place Lowell Thomas
if u get food during the game n not commercials ur either in advertising or ur from WI and pissed the arent playing sadly Im both
love that guy!
I want to go to the park and lie in the grass all day.
3
's has created model for STEM, education professor team teaching.
Soon to be published!
I will let you know soon D i hope /
Portland Trail Blazers 83 Milwaukee Bucks 86 End Of 3rd trailblazers bucks nba
Gary Carter passed away..sad
I'll bring it back some day
God's gotta plan for everything!:
Great meeting Cindy and Jayme from ConsciousNest last night.
They're just as cool as you said !
thanks I'll check it out, that's in the area I'm headed to!
Not sure exactly when, probably will be getting it today
ZB!!
still in vegas..when are you and visiting?
RT : Tiff where u been all my life homie?
I hope all is well
Everything's uglier in Windows.
Why, why, why, why, why?!?!
Her: I've never loved anybody.
Him: You've never trusted that anyone could understand you, but I do.
You didn't hear the vocal performance...
yes!
You boys should cover Bieber's song Boyfriend I would die....
Music coming off the BACK BURNER!
St.
Johns??
Are you serious?You can't be this close with Lehigh!
cmonman
I'm so glad I finally got to see again today.
Its been FOREVER.
I missed my best friend so much.
There's no one better.
:
Congrats to Tania Armenta, Tourism Pro of the year!
Senior  junior time.
And without a sense of humor, it gets mired in tedious selfpity.
It's the 8th inning, they play Sweet Carolina.
Get over it people.
I don't know how people have the stupidity to make fun of people with mental disabilities.
I think it's time for a new pitcher.
blimey right you are Sir.
Worked a treat.
Good, that's my subway ride home sorted wallowing as City get a podcast big up.
Coaches if you are looking for a kicker Tommy Openshaw is guy you need 6'2 kicker from Jacksonville FLA come join today and see his tape
I'm indecisive.
Baked half!
Wow, that's a remarkable story.
Doin my warm up for Dirty Cash tonight.
Spinning and old N.O.R.E track I didn't know I had.
He used to spit hard body!!!
um today no...im sure he's alive tho....I hope lol
Not perfect but the best I can be  god thinks I'm to die for.
Nothing like a good workout 2 get you motivated on a cold rainy grey day!
more of a guided internship, I like it
Danny Green and Gary Neal hit backtoback 3pointers.
The Spurs lead 4328 with 7:37 left in the half.
there comes a day in life when everyone thinks, i'm never going to be able to breathe through my nose again.
welcome to my life, day.
I've been wanting to hear them try that for years now!
That and HYHUAfricaHYHU.
I can be your biggest fantasy or your worst nightmare!
True :D
is so pretty 3
I pray for the redsox daily so I guess I understand
Over/under on terrible Luck puns in tomorrow's papers though?
Not sure I want to travel with you...
You seem like the type that may have already passed up on your Lotto Ticket!
As are we!
IAMMEMPHIS : Looking forward and upward!
just launched a new and improved Kuento.
We invite you to create a professorle to promote.
The music section will be poppin soon.
yeah, but austin isn't every city!
;
They stay thristy like ah animal in a desert.
Knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom.
Mastering others is strength; mastering yourself is true power.
Watching Knocked Up for the millionth time...
Love me some Seth Rogen.
Is The Ugliest MotherFucker I Ever Saw In My Whole Life .
lmfao, I bet it was fun though!
believe me, I'm ready for them!
Its just so stupid that they'd waste more time  money on doing another rerecording.
wtf.
Come see us live at The Up  Under Pub tomorrow night...we open up the show with Dangerfield and A Line Between.
Brady St 9pm
Check out this excellent newspaper story about The Understory!
It wud b so nice if oomf wud just stop playin around,n give me their number!!!!
Thanks for the follow!
Are you familiar with America Recycles Day?
www.Americarecyclesday.org
The Wildfire saga continueslike a creative jet stream that runs from Australia to New York!
RT : Time for me to do some seminars at Pilot season will be upon us soon.
Time to get reacquainted with some CD's
I LOVE BEING TWITTER BFF'S WITH YOU BOTH!!!
10 year High school reunion ..
to go or not to go, that is the question.
LOLL this made me laugh broo
Is CES any more about games these days than it was years ago or is it still almost all nongaming electronics and a reason to go to Vegas?
lol, Sims are cool...
I would die for then bitches awe
Looks like the crystal football will stay in the SEC again this year!
yes.
Its hott outside already, so why not?
:
Leggings ain't for everybody, espiecially them hippo lookin bitches.
Accidentally clicked Update All when I had 23 app updates.
I think my phone just had a heart attack.
Manhattan Mini Storage moving into Kenneth Cole territory, and we know where that ends.
ahaha this made my day.
Be back tonight around midnight.
Christiania day trip and movie night date with on sat?
Good morning world, some nice music on this morning
Sup brother.
You Asian?
RT Is a little tryout to much to ask for
Didn't know this screening was going to be TOP SECRET
STAR Convention  Las Vegas.
Stenograph auctioning off new clear Diamante.
Starting bid is 3,800!
Yes  the HOMESTEAD  for LESS THAN 100 a NIGHT  CAN'T TOP IT!
VAM2013 /
meek mill signs with roc nation hmm...
Wish we'd known you'd wanted to see the CIS talks  we could have had the media services folks tape those talks, couldn't we?
just found on omegle
I miss u too lol u gonna call me tonight?
haha it's nuts
lmao xD I love how you just threw fap in there haha
Only person who didn't doubt me , my boyfriend .
!
I'm excited to see your piece on tattoos in the workplace at 10pm!
RT if your going to watch the Season Premier of ABDC tonight on MTV?!
3
Why The Hell Are You Watching B.E.T?
Watching Victorious.
And i realized...
My group of friends is a lot like Tori's.
Lol
We've added 3 very tasty breakfast burritos to our menuthe Ultimate Meat  Cheese,Fiesta Steak and Steak  Egg burritos.
Sonic
Ok I want to crawl in a hole!!!
Mowing and singing to my iPod So High and there's a delivery man behind me LOL!!!
Dying
This lady had her entire family tree on her back window including a fkn bird and 10 other pets.
true legends in the sport.
Heard you saw my friend Rick schwartz at the Shootout earlier this year
Did you know the Earth gets 100 tons heavier everyday due to falling space dust?
Does this mean eventually the Earth will fall?
ObamaBookTitles: Civil Disobedience...
Will not be Tolerated.
Republican solution is to pretend there is no problem.
no way!!!
maybe she can get them to perform at the iBall
Looking to make my New Year a 2012 to remember.
I'm on a mission of success and broadening my horizons!
I think I'm gonna start a diet this summer..
I really hate my body..
I was really gonna do it all too, ask her to it, buy tickets, buy flowers n all, probably rent a limo, dinner etc.
Sounded fun
Anyone can be passionate, but it takes real lovers to be silly.
No sugarcoating...Rockets collapse down the stretch is reminiscent of Choke City.
oh my gosh, kinda!!!
I'm gonna have to meet on the BlownAway tour!!
I just have 2!!!!
lmao sort of
Starting to think my clock is working backwards...
how can it not be 4 pm yet?!
ok babe ty
I hate these shoes why'd i buy them
CASHERS TOP SUPER BOWL PROP PLAYS: Patriots OVER 5.5 3rd down Conversions YES to both teams making a FG OVER 33 yards
The power of creation is REAL!!!
Try it.
Speak it into existence!
If you can afford it, get a copy of Passion 101, it could be the thing you need to jump start you.
Much love www.cdbaby.com/rshamar2
You can't set somebody up if they don't give a fk.
Better luck next time haha
the disruption will be to gamify and provide dynamic incentives NOT for Demand Response but for Supply Response...how ?
wait to see...:
sorry guys just getting people for the site no more spam
certain grocery stores have a ton of gfree stuff!!
it's not TOO bad..
it's all about planning ahead though!
john cena follow me my id is chrisperkins876 CeNation.for life no one can see u john cena the champ is here
sometimes, being scared is okay.
Because in some cases, fear is the only thing that saves you from doing something foolish.
Yay!!!: just joined my scentsy team!!
Fun night with the buds  lol
This weather is nuts!
Tennis ball sized hail in August?!
PLEASE follow mee: it would make my life, I've been trying to get u to follow me foreverr.
Congratulations, superstar!
Have a blast!
is a GREAT Artist I just met at the Philly Show.
Keep it up fam!
The beer garden should be renamed the nap garden.
You had a hilarious vegan comic on tonight's show, !
i dont know!
Sitting in on a casting today.
So many talented actors!
Im over here killin these crunchy cheese curls lol
cool beans...
Today must have been Annual Stupid Commuter Day.
doctorvers, bikers, pedestrians all had death wishes.
perhaps it's under a pile of swarovski, lol.
Happy hump day  giving thanks for fabulous new followers
Can this just go away now?
RT : doctor Conrad murray guilty involuntary manslaughter
I gort my grandma singing marry the night hahahaha
Listening to a Pacha Chillout Classic compilation and it isn't awful!.
I have no reason to be mad at you.
No reason at all, okay?
RT You will get signed and sell millions of records AI's Little Spitfire!
No sadness here!
You can tell you're in Cambridge when the graffiti on the bathroom wall is a quote from Sylvia Plath.
In my bunk on the way home.
Very thankful for a lot of things in my life.
10 Off Irish Flowers  Celebrate St.
Patrick's Day: March 17th
Sympathy for the Devil  The Rolling Stones  Cool Videos Library
Watching Hope for Haiti Now.
Hope you'll check out our allstar tribute benefit for the BradPaisley VinceGill Emmylou Skaggs etc
IAlwaysWonderIf One Direction like me!
:O
Axl Rose, dude GET OVER IT!
We wouldn't know your name if it wasn't for Gun N' Roses...stop the madness and get your Hall of Fame on!
is doctornking coffee at Zingaro
Glasgow at the line :15 left chance to cut lead to 1
Wishing everyone a safe and great TGIF!
The weekend is almost here...YEAH...Peace and love to all and thanks for following.:D
Going to see 21JumpStreet with : bout time to make her feel better
what do u mean selling out???
: NeverBe in a relationship if you still have a single person's mentality.
You idiot!
I got you boo come on over!
yes.
You are right.
What was I thinking???
Lol.
Happy Mother's Day to you, friend!
S/O to one of the dopest most unique skateboarders of all time.
Watching you skate is truly inspiring brother.
I tried to send the ID back police took it I was in for a year.
Classic Rock  any other genre.
Yet another Halloween and also the scary Kardashian wedding/divorce extravaganza!
Honestly, what would we do without good books?
I know.
And seen just about every marriage either fail or be dysfunctional.
sigh
I just lost 100 points...that person know what I'm talking about
When I was a kid I watched Home Alone every night for at least a month before Christmas day.
I think that tradition needs to be revived!
The spirit of David Tyree is in the building
Excellent idea!
I'll try it!
There's a fine line between being negative  being snarky, and it's a line I'm constantly toeing.
Are you happy w your kitchen?
We can help Black Forest Remodel  Tile WWW.blackforestremodelandtile.blogspot.com Dec special available!
We must not see failure as final.
My experience has shown me that failure has a purpose.
It gives another opportunity to start over.
thanks Cathy!
: are you work or college ?
just killed it!
They're still alive
I Told Her She Is Pretty .
haha a guy named doctorke asked me for my number.
You win.
Nothing beats that.
RT : Hardcore sex  RT : Public sex  RT : doctornk sex 
AS PER USUAL
.
Have you read A Deepness in the Sky by Vernor Vinge?
Highly recommend.
O,I wanna try that game,...I think.
Oh how I love bitching.
fucking cash machine saying it's temporarily out of service, I NEED MY MONEY
One thing I will say for DC: The allergies here are just magnifique.
I went at like 2:30 P.M.
Ms.
Simoes  Ms.
Monteleone yelled at me.
How nice ?
mister Vivolo just smiled.
He's cool.
Very cool.
looks good
How does government work?
We're finding out now !
With ellen teller of frac and WTH tammy
Copywriting rules: you're not a property investment portfolio, you're selling financial independece.
Thanks for the followfriday nod!
I slept for 14 hrs.
How am i still tired?
mister B's BrahmsSchoenberg Quartet was the juiciest of visual feasts.
Like if my eyes  ears could eat macarons.
Nice to finally catch up with the guru of crisis communications,
this Sunday at 9 pm be there or be square!
Definitely want to go to this, let me know if you want a ride!
The first music I ever remember hearing was the superman theme, so John Williams is big on my list
And its sick that all these battles/Are what keep you satisfied
he actually know all my prs
what's that face mean ??
mitt boring: Mitt up about 10 pts the first night of our South Carolina poll...Gingrich and Santorum close for 2nd.
dig lark
hope you have a great day
Picked book by its cover; blown away by writing and story of immigrants from doctorto NYC.
I highly recommend Let It Rain Coffee by Angie Cruz.
Wow!!!!!!
I've never seen someone have a picture with both of them.
That's sweet!
Congrats on that opportunity!
RT : What kind of world do we live in that the has to apologize for the extinguished remark on game 5.
i still wish you the best of lucky baby.
and dont go thinkin that this was a waste of time.
i couldnt forget you if i tried.
Men, how would you feel if your girl cheated on you with your favorite rapper?

U paid us back when you got that degree.
good work, , for penning this bieber song.
i'm ashamed of myself liking it so much.
So tired 
Even better pro tip: Proofread it by reading it aloud to someone.
RT : RT : Pro Tip for Students: Proof read your paper..
probably shouldn't tell you that I got it for 49
Why am so irratated easily .
Sigh

Listening to 'Crosses' from 'Zero 7' 
Free Joe Lang
Any day next week looks good.
Let me know what works for you.
Looking forward to seeing you!
:
Everytime I make a frozen dinner I get inspired to make a really great dish..
But then again, why would I if it's already made  ready to go
The only reason why people hold onto memories, is cause memories are the only things that dont change when everything else does...
ily and i miss 100 i really need ya to talk to
shutup with ya white ass
Only one rightful place to put the newly announced Bob Uecker statue at Miller Park: among the 1 Uecker seats behind a pillar.
In the midst of our daily lives, we must find the juice to nourish our creative souls.
Sark
The soul should always stand ajar.
Ready to welcome the ecstatic experience.
Emily Dickinson
EVERYBODY SKATE!
peace  luhv ya'll
Happy birthday Lauren.
I hope you get everything you wish for!!
ox
Sadly, it shows Josh Beckett's total disregard for the fans and his team by playing golf after announcing he is too hurt to pitch.
We were thinking Grease.
RT : Dear OccupyWallStreet: We've read your demands, we've seen this play before.
It's called Greece.
Content precedes design.
Design in the absence of content is not design, its decoration.
Jeffrey Zeldman
Good Morning!
Blessed to be among the land of the living.
He didn't have to let me live.
so AWESOME wish I could be there you guys rock 3
that's one of my favorite songs too.
You won't be disappointed when you see them live.
I lost it a long time ago.
I've done much better since realizing it.
Im at Therapy 52nd St/9th St
Nice win for ASU last night.
Come to Fatso's to watch the D'backs and Cardinals today as well as all the games!
Just stared at Nathan Jerde's HoZac Blackout poster for thirty minutes.
Fell asleep.
Woke up doctornk!
Happy Friday Boston!!!!
Dude!
How did you know?
; Thanks for the
Love this RT : i want wine
Being a sysadmin, I feel for the IT team right now.
Entire reservation system is down
Its like Lady Gaga and Nicki Minaj are out to prove to the world who can doctorss the whackiest on red carpets...
Not impressed.
Holding back my own credit card while shopping for clients is a form of self torture.
We have definitely lost a legend today!!
RIP Whitney Houston.
yeah no problem and hea not on now so but ubknow whobi want to follow me :
frans frans frans frans frans!!!!
It's fran time!
I'm just tweeting because i decided yesterday to tweet at least once a day.
Rededicating myself to twitter for the first time.
Go bills.
That awkward moment when you find out that your exit interview at work is in 15 minutes and not tomorrow.
Shiiiiiit :
stick shift.
Did not even know that show was even on anymore !!!
Lol
still coming off of last night's showso much fun you guys.
THANK YOU to everyone who came!
congrats sam adams beer, who do you love just came on the radio and i thought to myself, hey it's the sam adams beer song
Just a day, just an ordinary day, just tryin to get by
In the words of Thom Yorke: You can try your best to please everyone, but it just isn't happening.
Cause this is fucked up
P.S.
The Uninvited is next!
Follow us too!
Let's work together to get rid of HFCS!
I'm so damn happy that Game of Thrones is back.
Anyone else?
Awww you're just too sweet!
I love you and I promise i'll see you around!
Lost the greatest person in the world my grandma.
I miss her everyday  I cry becus I miss her so much.
a hole will forever be in my heart.
It's raining in buffalo
Sushi time!
;
still touring!
We have about 4 weeks until we are back in LA!
I love mysterious people..
you know people I have to figure out.
It's a challenge.
I like challenges.
First day of work under my belt

lmfao !!
I'm done with you !
But as long as they ain't small right ?
The moon is void of course all day your license to relax
what do u mean?
I see we have lots of suggestions here LOL We are TERRIBLE at making a plan.
ick.
lol.
I say let's try someplace new!
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!89
I just ate half a bag of goldfish....
These so called bitches are nothing but hypocrites.
ur welcome where u from
Jus now about to go to sleep :/
MSFT's no compromises approach has them pleasing neither users nor carriers/OEMs.
Pick one and nail it.
They didn't.
Game over.
I keep forgetting that it's almost Christmas...the mall was CRAZY at lunch today!
I'm going to kill myself now !!!
I sound like an old lady.
EBUS118 Send me a Direct Message with your Twitter username and actual name  Start your What's Happening box with DM meersman to begin
Never do things others can do and will do if there are things others cannot do or will not do.
Amelia Earhart
Sleepy on a Friday night....
thankful for my family, friends and amazing boyfriend so blessed : Happy Thanksgiving!
Issa claims recent DOJ letter regurgitated misleading no.s and irrelevant internal memoranda discused as legal opinions...
Whatya gonna do know?
William Shakespeare Thou shalt be both the plaintiff and the judge of thine own cause.
: Spent 2.5 hrs on skype w/ plotting re: s 40hr show.
I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT SHE IS TALKING ABOUT!!!
Late nights, bikinis, short shorts, flip flops, sunglasses, sunshine , loud music, pool parties, no makeup ,the list goes on.
SUMMER 20'123
About to book a business class award itinerary to Bangkok on Thai Airways and Singapore Airlines.
Yes please.
If there is one thing in this world that I am actually serious about it's the use of the word irony.
thats why you see me walkin around like nothin is botherin me
Law enforcement entered oscar grant plaza.
Loud bangs, flashes of light
Yes!
More of our mystery garden.
We bought the house in winter, now we're watching all the mystery bulbs and bushes bloom...
Still in bed cuddled up with channel 3
Um, An empty Keg Could be the reason your beer won't pour
I've failed over and over and over again in my life.
And that is why I succeed.
Michael Jordan
U must be very special.
I worry  pray for you as much as I pray for my own daughter.
Keep leaning on the Lord; He's got you
: Is that a bird?
No wait, It's the flying fuk i don't give.
My breath smells like some nasty cheese cake I just ate..
Because u are not use to it.
L is for the liars that had surrounded me I insecurities my head down in these streets F my future there isn't 1 E eternal hope.
The Freak List, the parties in the plaza, tht long ass walk to the caf, if you went 2 MississippiValleyStateUniversity u kno wht I mean
yo my dude
You could try your best to beat us , but we aren't giving up !
ThatOnePersonWho can make you smile just by saying your name...
:
RT : OPM: Fed agencies in the WashDC, area have option for unscheduled leave or telework, due to forecasted snow.
WELL?!
Think I'm fixin to go make me Some Turkey Chili to eat as I'm Watchin..
The Packers  Rams..
Then Milw Brewers  St Louis Cardinal's
lol I just have to leave it at that ; for now...
Humbled and amazed by God's unlimited mercy and grace everyday!
Lisa, Laura, Chris, Matt, and Tom are excited about welcoming all of our supporters who have sojourned to Lake Arrowhead this wkd.
I am going to let go and use the term omg to refer to the SMOG from and now I'm relishing the cherry pie.
M....
How is China?
THIS JUST IN: The MacNCheeseTruck WINS the Car Show.
Love this concept!
Check out if you enjoy
Booking tour dates for Looking for local acts in Shreveport LA, Texarkana TX, Houston TX and Springfield MO!
If marriage is such a sacred institution why dont more ppl fire to end such liberal divorce laws?
lonnnggg fun day at the tournament.
Highlight: first place in Brazilian JiuJitsu : now it's cruise time!
Christmas shopping but there should be snow Oo
omg yes they should I hate that, then the gel was cold and I had to pee so bad!!!!
Championship belt is on the line as and the take on the What game are you looking forward to Wk 3?
Remarkably bad experience flying Delta this weekend.
Luckily there are alternatives.
Ignoring someone is a sport!
The score right now is 77 tied game and it's going into overtime...
Psst...
It's late, so I'm whispering, but I wanna say that I love my wife.
thanks for the follow!
haha, bowling soon?
haha monumental moment
That's why I reactivated my personal Twitter; I almost posted something snarky to a friend then remembered I wasn't myself
Haha!
Yeah, I bet it's been ridiculous.
I might use it, we'll see.
:
Happy Mother's Day
How many tears must we cry  how many must die before they listen?
Meningitis must be stopped.
Vaccinate infantsyoung adults.
Just got home from a good workout and a food run!
Lol
Gotta love takin walks on the beach with someone..:
Not beat tryna sip then eat.
Just walked by another biker with no helmet.
How can so many smart people in DC be so dumb?
Follow, follow, follow....FF!
Our picks this week are
Don't give away the same promotional product everybody else does.
Be unique.
You want to be remembered, right?
You are very crafty.
u not coming by?
Oh sorry, no.
A song of theirs came on the KPOP radio I was listening to...
I SMELL BACON.
As a matter of fact, I did.
: yes absolutely!
building bridges...love it.
Gonna try and convince the wife to let me watch the Tribe game at the bar.
ImisterallyGoodAt being lazy
honestly I dont give a fuck.
Your the most bipolar bitch I've ever met
haha i was just getting home of course P
Happy bout that  I got from oomf  mademyday!
thanks now I can stop constantly refreshing my email lol
Pittsburgh is a beautiful!
Amazing weekend.
Back to reality
good plan...we try not to support the
Let me know if I left out anything from a sealed basket ;
Great to see you ma'am, almost 4am sunday here,just woke up in the middle of the night sorta ,Glad your ok,have Blessed day
Backyard BBQ, Man they Rock!
What the fuck!!
Why is it so damn hot!
Thank you so much for including me in the Activists Daily, Ana.
I'm honored to appear w/ , too.
its over that
CForce had a good Spring Game and is looking forward to the upcoming season :
Thanks David!
Have a great week!
Tony stark is my hero
yes I play for the SA HITT.
:
MISSING GIRL INFO: Abagail, 5'4 140lbs, 13, white.
Walked away from Wright Middle School 90 min ago
They do the wave at Turner Field.
Probably yes, but I honestly haven't met anyone from KY.
Lots of known relatives near Lima, OH.
Don't worry about people unfollowing you.
Most of the time it's because they're just robots.
Just keep being you :
I,sitting on an antique, olive colored sofa,was reading his favorite novel.He,wearing only a pair of old saddle shoes,gazed out the window.
glad to hear from you both!
I'm doing well, wish I could come visit in Chile!
Michael, I'll see you at the SAIS event?
Cubeland requirement: earbuds and volume that goes to eleven.
And also, for real, looks more like every week!
Alright lets do this!
Ya thought he was ya dawg?
said he was a G?
Sounds like anotha codefendant to me
doctorving back to Zanesville is like being an Ice Trucker.
Wow...
Snow fog is weird.
I just washed all the dang salt off van.
Cause im doctoraming of you tonight viendo Selina esse!
After my ipod got stolen and my mac died, I was deeply saddened.
But now, NOW I can access my itunes and have on repeat.
3
quotes Sometimes it is better to lose and do the right thing than to win and do the wrong thing.
Women still remember the first kiss after men have forgotten the last.
Remy de Gourmant
My pleasure.
Have a great weekend!
Good Morning!
Thanks for the mentions!
I certainly appreciate it.
Ima get you high today!
Cause its Friday plus its 4/20, you aint got no job, and you aint got shit to do !
Really, YES Network?
You're now calling slomo YESmo?
Reason 57317 to hate the
CanU dig it 4a minute?Let it grabUr interest?Lyrics r explicit,so grab a ticket,2the biggest,wickedest shindig in the businessdont miss it!
I think you sound like an angel, and everyone else sounds like demons.
i will text you
9:3011:30 a.m.
is prime time.
Make sure you give reporters enough time to meet their deadlines.
They need three hours to cover a story.
I hear u, throw some 1s 4 me!
RT lol not by choice.I was doctorgged here.
I'm in Charlotte.
When in Rome tho...
My lesbionic sisters...why w/ the no bra, cut up T,  buzzcut.
Add a dash of rainbow jewerly in case you didn't know that they dont do dick
there their they're, patients and patience
Sundays are my favorite.
I will always love and support you !!!
Even if I can't go to this one I will make the next: Hopefully in Cali33
anytime!
Good luck!
I'll vote for you when I'm back at my computer.
Transported back to the 1940's gotta love swing dancing!
is a great movie!
I highly recommend it.
It was the perfect blend of a guy action movie and a chick flick.
avaya unified communications
Just leased a Chevy Cruise from Mike Barnard Chevrolet totally amazing customer service and I love my new fuel efficient car : Beep Beep
Meditation is not what you think.
Some respect for Hammond called him misterorange Cone.
How do we know it is a he!
You suggest I like your page.
I suggest you see my show.
do you know anything about Baltimore superblock?
Happy Jelly Bean Day!!!!
How are you celebrating this special day?????
you need to put in a space before and after the or it won't link
Thank God you blew it, thank God I dodged the bullet, I'm so over you baby good lookin out
well that's true but I don't know why all of America needs to know what we're chatting about!
Lol
UCBLA had another hilarious Maude show last night.
The Get Go and Oh Brother rocked it.
Plus: I love their music choices between scenes.
Q: How much does it cost to attend?
A: 10 for presenters, 10 to attend  eat lunch, free to attend w/o lunch.
i know the feelin
HAPPY MAY DAY, EVERY ONE!
MAYDAY!
thanks for RT  and the blog is about to be published, on 1, 2, 3...
What happened to Spring????
lol my life sucks
I don't get how people have time to take pictures during class?
Don't you have more important things to do?
Like WORK?
and it's getting cold..
loose fitting sweaters  girl scout cookies  happy Elizabeth
proud dork!
click wait one more!
This time from ur good side please?
:p
I believe you lol
tyga ft.
chris brown snapback back go HAM
I wish I was 's friend...3
has a sick style at graffiti!!
too dope dude
It's so nice out ohmygoshhhh :
: Says football players are just like blondes, they all are fighting for a diamond ring nfl
nowadays its about how quickly you can make the music...not about how well the music is made
HOSTING AT FULLMOON IN Y'BOR TONIGHT!
SEE YA THERE!
goes back to the room, falls across the bed, rolling onto my back.
Rubs my eyes, yawning wonder if there's any pills?
Maybe just a nap
I'm really sorry that I missed my friends' book signings, but my son was in town and things got crazy.
But my heart was there!
I would not last three minutes doctorving in Nyc 
Aw man...sorry it wasn't too good earlier.
Glad that you're feeling better tho
Hahaha.
Thanks for the shout out!
Our doctoram House might be a little quieter, though :
THANKS FAM, ONE OF MY FAVORITE BEANIE SIGEL SONGS.
IM THINKING POUNDS FOR CLOWNS, YOU SHAKE MY HAND LIKE A GROWN MAN
ah, I see.
A2.
Ours is the Golden Gate Fortune Cookie factory in SFO which was just a guy asking for money while people did laundoctor in the back
Good work Fella!
hello!
Friend still in town?
Sometimes I do the dishes just cause they're dirty.
Friday morning crew.
Did somebody say body shots?
ugh.
I hate greyhound racing.
When will people stop abusing animals and allow them to run for fun and be happy?
Congress: Afterschool programs provide a safe and structured environment for childoctorn Mary
Happy Easter, everbody!
if schools wanted to teach bike safety, they'd first need money to purchase bikes.
Suet, first attempt, today.
See you at Market tomorrow!
Studio sesh, meeting, then I think I'm gonna go see Avengers and see what the hyped about
Let's talk citizen science!
Join us for mini tweetup in bar at 5pm
Ugh.
The fire alarm inspection really did not help my headache.
Swag champ...
Yea I got the belt
just because you're nice doesn't mean you're weak
dang u dnt live in houston do u?
bruhs will be participating in the on friday and on Saturday
love them!!
I want him to volunteer somewhere.
It's good for him.
:
Thanks friend!
excuse me YOU'RE!!
GTFO
It all comes down to this..
I miss your morning kiss
If you can doctoram it, you can achieve it InSpotter mobile app
Not bad...
But the maturity level would make it a bitch.
P
Hmm....that name sounds really familiar to me.
Is he perhaps a Brown graduate?
Thx to everyone who shared their fave Superbowl Snacks!
We've placed 5 doctorving on your accounts; maybe you can use it for snack shopping?
It's ok L Breezy we need u to b in kill mode
both of the ones i'm part of are boring coins ones.
one on the RIC project in the linked data/ancient world session
I used to care, but I take a pill for that now
life is good.
And again, , what is your position on marriage equality?
How many stories have you done on the need for this?
Thank you for making returns so easy!
Pet peeve
Love is when you love to kiss him/her again and again though you pretend that you don't like to
Acme Hotdogs has spectacular Butter Sugar Cookies made by Appalachian Granny!
Pick some up today!
Cleveland Av., north of Morse
Awesome bro!
So you're twitterpated again?...maybe that's not the right word...no...I don't think it is...oh well...
rich does 0 work, pays 0 taxes.
Middle class does all work, pays all taxes.
Poor are there to scare the shit out of the Middle Class
Need some Bulls apparel to take to Mom?
Stop by and pick up some at great deals!
And nobody from outside Michigan is going to understand that whatsoever.
I've been following your work for about a year now...keep up the creativity...you're very inspiring!
.
Customer service is SO bad.
is it the npr one?
I have very short time please follow and get followed
Yes I know
When stairs are right there, I don't walk on escalators.
Granted, I'm usually carrying my bike.
But still.
ah, fun.
15mo refused to eat dinner tonight until I gave him a fork.
Oh the screaming.
young wild and free, best song
Any NZwine and cuisine pairs planned for this week?
RT with your pick!
Unfinished Brazilian Teak 3/4 x 5  Add the beauty of wood to your space.
Have an amazing time at Colorado State Finals!
Good luck to you and all the other teams!
When someone says they have your back, it often means turn around so I can stab you What happened to loyalty and ethics!
congratulations on signing with Columbia Records.
Can't wait to hear the album.
negotiated  not well, but not terribly.
No one died.
Let's leave it at that.
I'm getting to that point where school is not important to me at all.
I do nothing all day.
I don't like it here.
If you could have ONE thing...ANY thing...what would that be?
Also, PINS.
Pins of both the bobby and the safety variety!
Can't wait till Raven Symone comes out w another single/album/soundtrack!
luv Cheetah Girls!
:
thanks for the follows!
have you heard of the UWP???
We're going down, down in an earlier round  And Sugar, we're going down swinging.
::fall out boy::
Dumb ass hill
Do you know how many gift cards I'd have to purchase if Mothers Day was everyday?!?!?!?!
365.
Is he the one for me or are we not meant to be.?
That was EXACTLY what I wanted to see...those boys are ready
The start to Gamel's steal was pathetic.
AJ Ellis should be embarrassed he couldn't throw him out.
Officially decided to study Speech and Hearing Sciences.
PreMed, here I come!
eye opening!
I interviewed a few guys and asked Harbs a question during the press conference
hey there!
thanks so much for following us!
: be sure to follow  listen to too!
xoxo
RT : I'm missing wicked hotness!
Happy New Year Sexy Ladies!!
thank you for tweet mention 
My fingers hurt like so bad
Every block and every step in your doctoram journey has its purpose..
Super excited for CMMeetupBOS with and tonight!
I am fucking determined to have a good fucking day.
Which Means I will probably need more fucking bullets.
TGIF fail 
we should hang out some day over the rainbow..
no?
oh..
cool..
mmk..
I'm in love with and 's avi.
They look beautiful
Happy birthday to Wally's mom!
YesFalling asleep after 4am  getting up at 8am is a bit rough.
Going to make this day a good one thoughwith the help of a cupobrown
People Confuse Love For Who They Spend the Most Time With
You got smurfed in the smurf.
Style is very much owning a look and becoming that character
It's not so important who starts the game but who finishes it.
My 5 year old needs to get himself a job!
No way!
No booty shake from me.
I can't make it look as good as Denise did.

when is the next LeadFromWithin ??
Two days of filming down....4 to go!!
I am SO PROUD of my cast!!
They are OUTSTANDING!!
butch car  gay color I love it
Ci...
http://./publichtml/administrator/components/comfeedgator/news/texasnews/centraltexasnews/item/15255citymanagermaygetabonus
his are the best
hey its augie remember me?
RT if you can't wait for 2012 3
lol not Homy Ghost, was the audience doing the fast clap?
And now I get to watch my sister shop.
FUN!
Thanks for the shoutout !
Can we get a FollowBack ???
yes yes they are...
Lmao
LOVE you and I will always support you!
I cried watching your elimination.
You didn't deserve to go home at all 2
I got nuthin'.
I am so MAD about who got voted off American Idol!
watched all streaming episodes, can't wait for the new ones
People that dis on are jeleous cuz they cant ball like him!
Let's go rebels!
let'srun
you should come to the orlando marble slab.
then i can meet you!
:
Purely as a mental exercise, if Sanders turned SD around, and BD turns it again, that sounds bad.
Anyone know what night the Grammys are on?
Looking forward to missing them again this year.
....So in my lesson learned  I hope that no one that has followed me understands why I have not followed back  Twitter has chained me.
yeah dude Priscilla packed me a snack and everything!
I aired up my ball!!
Hahaha naw kidding I've been xboxin this bitch up
I don't know what's worse: people who lie or people who think I am stupid enough to believe the lies
Make savelapl trend so everyone knows about the rally.
Really need this.
Hi!!
I've done that, too!
D'oh.
Dessert looks DELISH!
Hope you enjoyed it...
for sure.
I'll get back to you on that.
what was the reason before 2010??
Wake up stds by asking why they came to school  if had to is heard, change their psyche to wanted to via your actions.
FREE BEER TASTING  Live music  POP's cheesesteaks with premiere amateur Fighting at South Point FISTIVAL tomorrow, 4/7; 410p.
Be there!
I dislike AR for that reason.
Who cares if they don't comprehend it all, let them enjoy!
Love the infographic.
make sure to check out and
If you never give your heart fully, you'll never be fully disappointed.
This is the end of a chapter not the story of my life.
It's not over until God closes his book upon Jesus return.
Thx for the thx!
Last night I thought, why did I post that?but that TIMTOM is honored by Tim made me feel better about it 
aah sorry ...
just joking with ya.
:
RT : A beautiful life does not just happen, it is built daily by prayer, humility, sacrifice and love.
Dennis Castillo
Back pain?
Call doctor Black.
: The only thing I need from you now, is solitude.
How is it?
Saw the flavor and was wondering if it was based on the Dolly Madison snack.
I see from the description that it is!
I don't subscribe to the whole reptilian humanoid conspiracy theory, but if anyone is a reptilian humanoid it is Jon Hamm.
HELLO!!!
TWITTER WORLD!
You forgot a comma after resolution.
admit it.
you've atleast once done 'the duck face'.
'nuff said.
Hogg: Key to metadata policies in the cloud is to have strong, defined, validated service level agreements.
Ray Negron and Joe Stiglitz today, Manil Suri tomorrow  it's sales conference week!
AAM2012, May 1, 9AM, Copyrights, Wrongs,  the Creative Commons: panel presentations from , MIA, U of M, Yale, and Columbia.
their sound makes them current, but their songs make them relevant.
You may delay, but time will not.
Benjamin Franklin
Anyone wants to commute together to SWRedmond from Downtown Bellevue at 6pm?
that's too much doe
CSUPueblo servers down during finals week
hey bro, I just joined my 1st dynasty lg and its a start up too.
Im thinking its a diff stategy than normal?
Watcha think?
Belief, disbelief: // each the same false relief: // unknowable truth
Yeah I know.
I was so confused I guess I don't really need closure.
yes!
Ill eat my own baby food
Great photo of 16th Probably an advantage for players like me.
Aim for bunker, land somewhere nearby
50 of teachers leave within 5 years!!
The discussion now is WHY????
Someone sent me a reference request in Dutch.
I do not speak Dutch.
Yes only Tweet 100 limit time that it
IAN McCULLOCH has new album in the works.
NYC show at Le Poisson Rouge on sale now!
Worst excuse for not turning in homework: I couldn't find anyone to copy it from
Good Morning NYC!
I'm sick, but not down...well, not exactly up yet.
Getting up soon.
any hard copies of the new mixtape?
if so where at?
nyquil...my one shot of the night
This is hands down the worst officiating I have ever seen in the nfl.
God awful.
I am INCREDIBLY irritated by the people in my house.
LEAVE PLEASE.
x
The bot that's following me has a disturbing pic; can some new bots follow me so it gets bumped off my Twitter frontpage?
talks about her mentors at upstream2012.
So great to have a mentor!
The person that factors receivables is called a Factor and the individual or business that works with a Factor is called the Client
do u have a feel for the breakdown of first time scripts to refills for an average pharmacy?
Avg Wait times?
I think everyone else is just wrong.
I think twitter is the perfect place to go to be in the loop and know what's going on in the world,
Welcome to the Canyon China, Welcome to the boat , Our best whises to Minneapolis, welcome aboard.
You know it sister.
Gerry and I will be there around 10
aw its adorable : :
Oh crap ite
I returned to Facebook just to help me find a place to crash and already it's probably sucked 15 minutes away from me.
Thank you for RTs.
We are just trying to bring attention to this problem.
Check out PencilChat for a funny analogy for technology integration in education.
real enough for me 
RT : I'm at The RitzCarlton // One of my heroes is in town and no way for me to meet him.
: Have a good visit, Woz!
Spring into a NEW U w/ a NEW 'DO!
Go 2 www.doctoriggys.com  view R gallery  call 855doctorIGGY 4 a free consultation or email
New office is officially mineput my nameplate up.
With doublesided tape, but up is up.
I had one but my country ass grandpa uses to threaten to eat it o.0 they make wonderful pets though
Saw Avengers.
Great movie It was the blue eyes, right?
My wife said she'd bail me for him too.
Wtf?
I'm taller..
the babies wanna hang
RT Polling time!
Pic From San Antonio event expertsystems  COOL!
Do doctorgs tip you off when there's a sercret Foo Fighters gig?
Big thanks to Laurie Winters, Director of Exhibitions, !
So glad you were able to speak at An Evening with the Arts
See, that's just what they want you to think!
His doctornk ass momma tho :/ ugh
I plan to be spontaneous.....tomorrow.
Im gonna kick butt playing legend of zelda today!!
YEAHH!!!!
m/m/
Yeah I'm not crazy about the NYRB coach.
Watch Agudelo really bloom with Chivas USA.
I can almost smell the new bodies just waiting to come inside the dungeon this year we are all waiting September 30th the fear begins!!!
Glad to have several new followers!
Thank you
Last I checked, it was 5GB..
not three.
Have you talked to your momma yet?!
MVP...MVP...MVP!
Joey Votto with the walk off win for the
I didn't know what the singer for looked like.
Now I know, and I wouldn't have guessed.
Not bad, just not what I might have expected
I believe those are three shot glasses in front of Speaker Boehner.
I think the NFL got it right in the severity of the suspensions of the 4 saints players, I now have ZERO respect for Johnathon Vilma
I find it hardest to be a human being when I've lost my internal footing  things don't come together  I don't feel centered  like now...
Can we send LASIK consultation coupons to the umpire staff in Boston?
sup merc i been listening to pil2 album its too classic fuck politics
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg A person reveals his character by nothing so clearly as the joke he resents.
Watching AMA with my love
i'm not outta school yet
sick of wat
lets make sure to trend it before the day ends hahaha!
xo
2 in 3 consumers say that their basic mobile or cell service is an untouchable item within their budget.
The redsox right now are like those websites that throw huge fullpage ads in your face every time you go to them.
All flash, no substance
Nailed a spot in THATCamp Prime.
I'm stoked!!!
you and me both!
Happy 4th everyone.
Be safe!
good luck on dancing with stars hope you win it all i am voting and pulling for you
normally I would say yes, but today is Amy's bday so it is her day.
Nice dinner then party at
: Your actions tell me what your mouth won't say RT says it LOUD
Although I'm against the flu shot I'll get it for you
nothings better then bein sick and eating a bowl of cereal and watching the looney tunes!!
:D
see ya Saturday?
Glad to hear it!
:
MOTHER FUCKN FOLLOW ME :
I remember the luxury of WATCHING movies.
Now all I have time for is MAKING them.
I miss it terribly, but I wouldn't trade it for anything.
network error, neither side took a loss.
Gone be back on in a little while
I LOVE the dandelion wall painting and sun ceiling light!!
Her room is going to be adorable!!
: NY RT : u in Miami or NY?
I'm either coming to NY or going 2 mia this wk.
Depends on
I have the best boyfriend ever!
His so sweet, loving, funny and clever!
Shame his in my doctorams though
I would vomit...
again
An international conference of world leaders.
It's the NATO conference.
Brandon Wright
....hates being given the short end of the rope!!!.
well, a lot of people have told me he uses singers for pocket money for hiself well when he has with Dylan and etc.
I have witness light skin privilege in the work place, but not at my current job.
Their is light skin privilege in the CJ system.
Reminder to FOLLOW ME!
Donating 50 dollars per 500 followers to by easter!
Help raise some money for a great cause
HappyBirthdayMamaMahone hope you have a great day !
You should join us next Sunday!
she is just cruel!
I'm sorry sweetie.
thanks for mention my friend
just said it was the most secret mission in US history.
Ever heard of The Manhattan Project you FOOL!
Never do anything to get anyone jealous or mad etc etc...it will backfire on you sooner or later 
Haha.
Sounds good!
Tried out Merzithe new quick Indian place on 7th NW.
Pretty good.
Gave leftovers to guy on train who just got out of prison.
They have Axe for girls..
Wow you are AWESOME!
What does everyone think about the new Taylor Swift  The Civil Wars song Safe  Sound?
ripple is just hours away from submitting our updated iPad app to Apple!
Anyone want a sneak peek?
: Reply.
Lumberjill attempt failed!
I was not able to throw the axe at a target:
And Bolton scores to tie Stoke...
Just shot 3 under 69 at Bluff Creek.
Now off to Lake Tonka Town to ski the night away
Ann Hood writing process: Write 2 hrs/day.
Start w read prev day's work aloud  edit; then continue.
Edit as go  less edit later.
Wow, you're getting around.
Sound delicious!!
heeyyyy twitter!!
Cant wait till tmistersaturday :
Please welcome Randzoo to the Max life
stop touching yourself
I and I had SO hoped that I would be Eponine!
Rats.
yea.
Definitely
While I was doctorving my sister said I'm gonna choke you when you stop the car.
SayWhat!
It's not so problematic w.
Wilde because I have read almost everything he ever wrote.
Reading all of Goethe would take me 40 yrs.
Hey, thanks for the share!
possibly, 60 chance of rain and about 40, but I would be willing to 5 it.
I told her meet me in the bathroom.
I fux her while the water running.
houseparty life yeeee
My Old High School Caught On Fire.
,:/
Getting ready for the first pub crawl that I've organized!
The pubs are going to give us special discounts and I can't wait to hang out!
T3 Though costly now, is it short sighted to avoid the new?
I don't want to save  today at the expense of tomorrow's breakthrough
2 more days till weekend!
Yay!
Shit...
what am I gonna wear?
RT In the future, we'll crossbreed Joseph Gordon Levitt  Zooey Deschanel to produce a human being unstoppable across Tumblr.
Hahaha SAME: I Lovee Their Accents!!
I Am Stalking Christian Beadles Pics On Facebook 3 Ah He Is So Gorgeous!
Uuggghhh i cannot believe I'm getting grounded for something i never did.
This is soo wrong :
Finally get to the hotel, me and my fam get into an elevator with 3 doctornk assholes.
They decide to press every single button.
LMFAO
followed back xo
That was so fresh!
Much appreciated.
Glad to be on your team.
Win 100 Grand.
Atlanta supports team black, Escape Route.
K..TELL Mi BABY OCTAViUS i LOVE HiM!...
I have the power to create ANY interpretation of reality I choose.
Today, I shift my perception and things shift for me.
An Alcohol Addiction: Definition Of Addiction
RT : Have the Courage to follow your heart and intuition.
They somehow already know what you truly want to become.
Steve...
RT catch flights not feelings .
not creepy.
Would only be creepy if he picked it out for you lol
I got sorted into Slytherin on Pottermore.
Well, Slytherin it is.
Happiness is Homemade
apparently there was a flea on rich peverly's face that needed hurting.
Soft raking flames of morning light illuminate ancient palempest of human life scribed into the manuscript of this green land.
Poised Creation has enjoyed its research into the entertainment industry!
Taking the MAT today.
It's been a few years since my last standardized test, but at least this one is short and isn't the GRE.
Wish me luck!
I was justifying it to myself by justifying it to you!
If stole is the past tense of steal, is stoled like a double negative?
Double past tense, maybe?
Loe needs to sit for a long timeRR should know thishe pitches him too much.
It was obvious tonight he didn't have his stuff.
today is going by so slow
As a guy who respects his game, glad he went to place he can play soon RT Great situation for you here...
Hillman to Broncs
Im a SavageBeast!!!
With
: So far, so on par  : is the only social platform that makes me laugh, smile, think and remember good times.
Gap,Gap,Gap God Answers Prayers!
sounds like a good plan to me!
I'm sure will tell you the Manuel Antonio area rocks.
talk to your boy Burns about that one
Yep.
I was ok with us taking the TD in that case.
IN this one, the dude should have fallen down.
Hahaha I know right.
SMH weak!
Dev gets no love.
Just overheard: I don't even remember what Dukakis looked like.
Falls Road Carry Out 4100 Falls Rd, Baltimore, MD.
HOT STEAMED CRABS for dinner?
Gym swag
California Cheese Rider..
no problem man, we're glad you like it!
....you're the man.
You get a humpback whale!
I have no idea who this kid JordanyValdespin is but he just put the Mets up over the Phillies!
Off JonathanPapelbon no less!
....ALREADY...
the most wonderful day ever, with warmest wishes from,me Tom Tomalin x ps in the middle of seeing JLS rock my..
Thanks for following and Welcome!
Allow me to be your fortune cookie: Beware the man with the little pee pee.
Your lucky numbers: 15, 33, 4, 21, 22, 6.
An update for the iOS app is now available in the App Store!
Go download it and don't forget to rate it 5 stars!
;
LOVED PLL tonight!!!
Although if I dont find out who A is soon i might have to go to rosewood and find out myself!
May sound like homer here but...interference...hit his body.
Schenn left his feet too.
Didn't hit his head.
Good!
That kind of bias against women doctorves me nuts.
Lots of moms work in tech for crying out loud!
:D
Pulling an all nighter to read this book and write a 6 pager
I said bye.
lol.
I have no clue what you were talking about but Hell made me laugh lol
It's like, I don't want to keep texting them and risk them getting mad but I'm really anxious!
Sam Edelman, your beautiful sandals are not made for walking.
As As As As As Bitxh shut the Fuxk up !
yo booty stank !
:
Today is gonna be a good time.
Gotta meet with some agents.
RT : If you'll only be home for Christmas in your doctorams, I guess I can't count on you to help with the dishes.
I cant go to sleep now.....
omfg 3
Thanks.
This was a really good piece.
I feel like the photo of people playing Cricket in a nondescript Asian country is taunting me when I login to Twitter.
BC I dont understand
You finished studying for the test?!
Push it two the limit.
will be hosting major events in the DMV TDOT TX CALIBAYBAY NYC Follow Support our Troops!
I'll know more re: effectiveness when I read final papers.
I couldn't tell what they were discussing from my vantage pt
Wife is talking about me working out.
Somehow it doesn't sound right when she says look at your little results :/
I love it I love it I love the way you eat it.
90's were the years of the Locked Door parties.
Ah, good times...
he wasn't, that's why I want to be friends with him.
Nice to see the Hart of the order come through in the clutch
INDIANAPOLIS  Colts owner Jim Irsay says the team is releasing quarterback Peyton Manning after a 14year run that included one...
So excited to make the doctorss she won at pivotboston!
Is it bad that I'm craving a Corna, better yet, a Panama?
also weird, when youre on the elevator and both ppl are clearly having that awkward moment of silence.
It's polarizing lol
Listening to the new Malkmus album.
So far, so good!
Who is your favorite musician to listen to in the winter?
of course your moms cooking is good she learned from my mom
indiana smoking ban debate now under way in senate ...
No regrets thats what her tatt says
On the 15th of May, Eyals interview at KravTalk
How is going to a bar and having a couple doctornks considered a relapse?
Give Josh Hamilton a break
but fuck who u want and fuck who you like!
THATS OUR LIFE NO END IN SIGHT!
Thank you!
you're super cool Dave, not to mention cute.
I'm in NY.
would LOVE to see your standup act.
Robert Cunard Modeling Agent is getting a great response from his Episode of MTV HIRED!
Thanks for all of the support guys!
More posters going up around Nashville today for , , , and Greg Brown so keep your eyes peeled!
sweet!
I can swing by around 1:30?
Aww thanks for the Love sis!
I had fun with you yesterday.
So much Light!
come on mavs!
Durant just beat you with one shot!
Don't forget to send us your music so we can RT!
Support the movement...
2012 a powerful year!!
What better time than now to reinvent yourself!!
Great workweek.
New contacts, new projects.
Hello, golf; hello weekend.
See you Tuesday.
Type 2 diabetes is increasingly being diagnosed in childoctorn and adolescents.
please follow !
its JADEN SMITHS FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY !
GO FOLLOW  ENCOURAGE YOUR FOLLOWERS TO DO THE SAME!
XOX!
Bringing Goretorium to Las Vegas?
Details please : ...
You know what happens when you're a douche bag to every girl?
You end up having to date an ugly or desperate girl because no one wants you.
Amazing day full of new initiatives and networking.
somuchtodosolittletime!
Ohio libraries: There is a problem with the ATT connectionno ETA yet on fix.
We'll try to keep you posted.
Well he is already hitting better than Janish!
Some people walked into my life and made it better, but you walked out and made my life super fantastic.
Free Screening: powerful story of eatingdisorder, loss  hope catch it on 1016 at jccmetrowest W Orange
Yeah Giants!!
More importantly, my boss will be in a good mood tomorrow.
just admitted those were fouls
it looks like it is!
Maybe it like the attention hah :
I NEED you 2 come2 America I LOVE you, u have talent like no bodys business, and are beautiful and a role model
Give your memory a boost by trying something new.
Learn a new language, meet new people, take a different path home from work.
we all have our ways x;D
You haven't spoken to me in weeks.
Channing Tatum rockin' the Tribe cap.
Nice!
New kid over for a playdate, and husband is cleaning guns at the table and I have the ClapOff Bra pulled up online.
What a nice family!
I seriously just met a psychic..
Lol
Who wants to buy a slightly used Tebow jersey?
just saw this..sydney.you are awesome.
The refs really do have the voice of god, though.
soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur, happy kitty, sleepy kitty, purr purr purr 3
RT Fridays are crap without
He was chilling.
I did speak with him, but he wasn't feeling his best.
But I agree a life gone too soon.
We're back in this!

THANK YOU for answering my question about Google.
It seems that many people whom I admire have doctorpped G.
I love your attitude.
Where'd you get it, Ambercrombie  Bitch?
I love mama's...
Happy mother days, BEAUTIFUL ladies!
So it's been way to long since ive talk to either of you!
So here's me saying HELLO!!!
:
maybe you're still napping?
:p
OMG tweeps!!!!
ZOMBIE strippers, holy cripes baby birds!!!!
LOL wanna play with my friend and me?
Authentic leadership...
It's the way to lead.
Holistic lecture at IONS Tucson all based on clinical trials absolutely fantastic, confirm epigenetics, or neurogenetics
Yea I guess
How Did You Go about your Layout an form, I'm also tryn to change My Notes Into Pages!
i miss you 2
burnin' up burnin' up show em what you got ;
My boss told me I can't get on AOL at work...but she was all over Yahoo...the Fuck?!?!
How was your fourth of July?
.
Brewmaster Jeff is AWESOME and a super nice guy to boot!
we 3 our neighbors at GB!
u got the duck face
I just woke up and no one was home but I think my grandpa was telling me that he was going some where when I was sleeping lol
what an idiot!
Vote him out
that sad moment.
We live in a generation where they throw out I love you to there three day boy/girlfriend.
nothing like the smell of napalm in the morning....
writing up some notes on O'Reilly Cloud Security  Privacy webcast; I feel a blog post coming...
Vegans are modern day hippies !!!
I get that a lot!
Aha
suck one
Stop!
Hammer time!
And?
RT Matt Hasselbeck's bro, Tim, picked Titans for PM on ESPN free agent show.
Rob Anthony
Chris Ray.
2 IP tonight, no hits, 2 K's.
for the Mo: 11 IP, 6 hits, 2 Walks, 11Ks.
Is Chris Ray back??????
backup plan for League???
The fight for glow sticks is on....
words i may or may not take back to the states w/ me after 10 days in london office: posh, nutter, keen, chuffed, probably more...
GO DUCKS!
Tough challenge.
Big opportunity.
I'd FF and , but you probably already are following them.
they are...
just...
THAT ....
good.
Doing pretty well, m'dear.
I've been off the social mediaz a while, but I'm slowly getting back into it.
?
What happened to getting the phones...
AB ticket Sat.
85 bucks going once going twice I got a bid
Listening to the airport orchestral version of how do I live with out you at lax...
surprisingly tasteful arrangement...
will gather at their Silent Auction, 5/1, 69 PM, Poe Middle Schl.
More info at fairfaxchoralsociety.org Catered by Hard Times Cafe.
COME!
that's terrible
Great win today.
We needed that.
YES!!!!
: Our fiscal birthday week is here!
You pumped?
I know I never do shit.
Lol.
Once I get up out this brace I'll be tweetin all the time !!
That is hot!
Secondly, she is not conventionally attractive but she is indeed attractive and her body is offthechainhook
Why?
No one is ugly!
U am 10000 sure tht ur are perfect just the way u r!
Just the rigjt people can see it!
3 :
I have never been so car sick in my life.
You have to be really down for someone to help them clean their house.
perfect!
See you then :
That awkward moment when your toes crack.
Wish I was  library camp!
Heading to Monterey tomorrow for
u n me both!!
On The Road: Quad Rugby
I just sent you some information.
Thank you!!
Follow the crew!
My daughter also has Senioritist!
Ugh.
Can't wait until the school year is over.
Torture!
I found my neww twitter bestiee!!!!:
can I hear onedirection ?
:
Client update: Visit at ASCO2011 conference, June 37 in Chicago.
Visit their exhibit and booth 22025.
www.SiliconBioUSA.com
Where can citizens go to have actions of police monitored and/or investigated?
Mom chill its juss my bed thats not made
It's June 2nd.
Yes!!!
Last karaoke singer singing to a No Doubt song.
The night has bern salvaged!
:D
Good couch action : who enjoys sex on the couch?
DaveWolf: mobile is doctorving desktop design.
MODEVUX
It's funny in times of adversity that you find out who your real faith family is and who is just reciting a catchphrase...
Looking for a job is so stressful!
I don't wanna grow up.
Tip to Live By: Retweet any concert announcements you find interesting in Amarillo!
dearyyoungself I have your doctoram within your reach.
Keep opening those doors.You can do it!
This class if just doctorgging on..
Just get me too lifting!
no problem :
happy birthday
Oh rough day....but hey tomorrow never dies, right?
How are you?!
Bet you have more free time w/ tax season being over!
NC State and Cin play today the good games are this weekend
I'm going to convince my mom to take me and my cousin there before she goes to work
omg, I want that!
I have been wishing it would happen.
Got choked up tonight while watching Jamie Wilson's story about a wounded soldier with an inspiring attitude.
proud of the ladies at , they are in cannes doing their thing!
They came to work!!!!!
get em ladies :
What is the point of making doctor appointments when they keep you waiting anyway?
: Pussy weed and alcohol EveryDay All Day..
at the bar that dare not speak its name.
Thanks for your kindness!
RT : iacpnyc doing an AWESOME job w panel on partnerships btwn bloggers  businesses.
We need all our friends to like us on Facebook!
thanks for the mention...have a great week...!!
Read rate for text messages: Over 96 5x higher than emails.
So why are you still sending emails out to customers?
Text me : 9164206020
when this song kme on im spending money play something i kan spend some money 2wiz
um, okay whatever YOU say!
LOL
TheyNeedToBringBack to  while they r at it don't let another cast member go right now.
BBN RT Sick, sick crowd at The Cliff tonight...gotta bring it again tomorrow!
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Unless your name is Google...
stop acting like you know everything.
lol.
P.S.
This thunderstorm is perfect.
Always remember that, no matter how useless you feel, you're someone's reason to smile
I would like to meet a person named Christian who's Muslim or a person named Muhammad.
thanks for the FF!!
It means a lot to us!
Followed back :
Chicken biscuits w/hash browns!!
He deserves Whatever bad comes his way.
IRememberWhen My Girl video use to come on.
And I would run to the tv just to watch it.
Thanks for tuning in, Beethovenfest!
Just waking up its a new day
solo true!!
They all want a hand out!!
finally watched Trust.
You.
Killed.
It.
Won our match!
Beyond pumped love you boo!
People need to relax about the bulls loss yesterday.
Down 21, Rose's first game back, Rose and Rip first time since April 5.
Still forced OT
Tomorrow: Go Higgs.
Or go home.
Finally getting into Jello Biafra!
My punkometer just went up a few more.brutal notches.
Thanks !
Does anyone have a YouTube recording of the weekend show??!
I don't have a comp and I can't watch stickam on my phone
Thank you for the favorite!
Nail broke im like depressed now......
You poor bastard.
Oh, and hi!
Live music this weekend!
Jimmy T.
kicks off the fun on Friday from 711 pm then get down with Mirage on Saturday night from 711.
lol whats good?
I'm just grabing some food real quick then it's whatever
Everybody always say lebron would beat that ass if something happen, man lebron scared as fuck he the only great who's never put in work
So my resolution is to make people remember me.
I'd learn more in my online improv class if I wasn't still on dialup.
Forgive don't forget.
Respect don't expect.
hey, thanks'
Sorry to have to miss Sports Lawyers Assn annual conf, but happy to be enjoying Commencement Weekend w/our students!
I adopted two kids from another sperm donor and raised them as my own.
Both are happy successful people.
They call me DAD!!
onlyif people talked to me :
Listening to my Cuz's Internet Radio show while getting throught to so many emails.
OMG!
Ive been at this all day!
Thoughts and prayers with the lost loved ones and tragedy in Norway.
stop texting boys.
any, rather.
Congratulations to David  Beth!
I want that shirt
Laura Chapman: being competitive is not the same as innovation.
Beware the iron triangle of innovation, competition and jobs.
got my gummies  big red and ready to learn thanks to !
: You are more likely to get throat cancer from oral sex than you are from smoking.
what???
Q6: Where's the best place to find interns or internships?
I am one boob, you are the other boob  together?
Breast friends bahaha!!
damn I wish more women felt that way.
thinks people who don't respond to emailnot even to say I don't have time to read this now but I got it and will look later suck
Yep wifey type but might have to transform it...
My friend in Colorado got one too.
That's my job to enhance our talents given abilities.
Great Work!
we need to hang this weekend
They talk behind my bitch back, they musta seen her ass then
congratulations for renewed tier 1 status on the state's preferred hospital list!
same time that resilience became resiliency...sketch traded the y for a vowel to be named later
There will be plenty of pictures :
I'm really wondering what the difference in quality is between the replicator and more expensive 3d printers
if I didn't have work tomorrow morning I would 
Today, I was sitting next to Vicer and listening to music.
333 c:
Thanks for your support, Daddy'O!
Have a great day!
HillerHelps  PostNuptial Agreements  establishes what to do if a spouse becomes extremely ill or disabled.
i know right...what can you do with someones twitter account....dumbasses
sometimes I enjoy pointless crap too :P
Home from work, 13 hour day!
Left a very promising happy hour with a very beatable number YOY.
Let's get that comp!
waynes ace is nasty he's the best pitcher we faced all year he throws like 8588 and has a nasty curve ball
We're playing The Double Door in Chicago tonight.
Shows at 9 so come hang.
oh ok :p well remember to bring it so you can start tanning haha
All in about a year.
I think that's brilliant.
Staying with my sister for the holiday.
Watched more Nickelodeon cartoons in two days than I do in a year.
Lincoln and Gresham tied 1414 in the 2nd qtr...and the rain continues to pour
Had a great time with some friends in from out of town...
The French Quarter was NUTS!
Now back to Saints daydoctoraming ;
great night.
Someone should've taken a picture of the stunning redhead in the back of the room.
Thanks for the props John!
FollowReader Really looking forward to the new Murakami!
Perfect love is rare
u say douche bag in sapnish : Idota it also means asshole
NOT MY BABY
Getting very excited about cbb2012 and my first ever trip to New York.
So when's it going to be cool for celebrities to say they had a good time at their high school prom?
This Reevers fella on your airwaves...
boy.
Just put any old nonsensical homer on the air, I guess...
Preparring to consume a beer at a pub.
Just one.
For now.
Randy Butternubs is the only name I will use at a coffee shop ever again.
I knew we should have gone to bells earlier.
Instead of watching rufio hit on girls......
cool : I don't have school till the 10th of August :
I would
Have a good weekend!
:
I loathe people who keep dogs.
They are cowards who haven't got the guts to bite people themselves.
Author Unknown
agree completely!
I do miss Dudar in there but come on last yrs team would have given up before 2nd half
and compared to the other answers your's was actually pretty much the most normal one.
Humans frighten me
Do the things you know, and you shall learn the truth you need to know.
Louisa May Alcott
Casper is darker than you are trick!!!
This man talking loud as SHIT!
Hope he knows that's not attractive.
Making an A in a class that you think you'll have a C in
GUESS WHAT?
Casart Coverings will be featured on One Kings Lane starting on Monday, for the 3day Enliven Your Walls sale!!
hello!!
An good day to you :
Oh don't worry, I wanted to spend my Thursday night baking bread till 11 o'clock
I love to know that you can be mine...
Cats Are Scared Of Water .
Congrats , , Awesome team win tonight
do you have a fear of onions?
Minor Threat !
At the house chillaxn on the couch!!
Had a good night at On The Rox.
Sure wish I had someone to share the time with or fill that empty spot
Fuck society!
All of you are beautiful 3
Embed reporters fall in love with the candidate they cover.
Let's face it getting close to politicians is like having 'sex' for 'embed'
MKG must have heard my bro in law say he was choking
hehe, i can sing in this like super high voice and i kind of sound like a chipmunk..
but everytime i do it, my throat hurts like hell.
Wilson Mizner When you take stuff from one writer its plagiarism but when you take it from many writers its research.
A week of 80s...
Thank you mother nature!
I know, yuum ;
first of all it is stupid to think that rostra pushes moderates away.
Anyone who reads a blog like that already
Heard this morning during fundoctorising on WHYY: We don't just want to have a relationship with you, we want to go all the way
Rachel is the new Nick!
HAHAHAHAHA YOU GO TO SLEEP!
I IZ HUNGRY!
I always buy prewritten cards for people I dislike.
If I'm going to lie about my feelings, it may as well be a lie written by someone else.
will you be there today from 122 for the lunch meetup with ?
I am headed through in about an hour.
Your map story rocked
A 300 DOLLAR PHONE WHAT THE HELL
I'm gonna make my life worth watching when it flashes before my eyes.
So Rome is leaving Houston's airwaves, but romeonamobile will still be with us!
Quite true :
I just need one beat....lol
Looks like im buying 48202928 copies of BELIEVE to get the OLLG tickets.
Bankrupcy here i come 
Happiest I've ever been..
if you write in one washed up, exsteroid user for mlb all star this year make it
too Many things :
FOLLOW Only 15 and killing the underground game.
Lets collab bro, got a mixtape doctorpping late june, i want you on it!
: You not texting me back is the best diet.
whitegirlproblems
nisoEbook Barblan repeats Metadata is King!
Common view that good metadata improves sales.
jesus christ hurry up already lady
no you c'mon man!
haha

RT : Girls want attention.
Hoes want doctorma.
Women want respect.
Boys want pussy.
Man want a real women.
wow 7 points wow?!?!?!
in the whole 3rd quarter?!?!
wow!!!
make sure you video tape it so we can see it.
it feels like winter today.
Only good thing about all that snow that is to come, is snowboarding
Thanks to you, I'll definitely try out these eyeshadows!!!
Thanks for the review.
: 3 Love the blog.
how many miles was the ride?
ideas2action fantastic 2 days at the summitwhat a welcome opportunity.Congrats to all who made it happenLisa  Michael especially.
Abc radio news reported he was there but left that part out.
If not for the interwebs you'd never know.
Love the Wharf.
We did our karoake out there last month.
Nobody ever pays me in gum.
Monday afternoon markups are weird.
oh!
meredith!
no!
i dont have one!
i was recovering from the kick lol
Welcome, Camerons and entourage.
Hope you get to do some fun stuff while you're here!
Late night workin on cutitout recycled t's.....
this finale is making no sense.
the scenes are so sporadic!
Twitter kicks back, yo!
or when you're with me 
used to be
It means its in French.
I secretly like days when none of my facebook friends have birthdays.
Happy Blessed Easter to y'all too!
xxox's
My fam LetsWork RT : In the stu w/ listening to Taylor J music....the kid from St.
Paul, MINUTE is
It's kinda awkward laying out with all these Mexicans working on a house across the street..
oh well
Did a photo shoot with a new model, Anthony.
Been a long day and I'm exhausted but it was worth it.
By the time I removed all the protective packaging from a new bottle of aspirin, the headache went away.
Haha...you'd think!
Have you planted yet?
RT : of course I do!
I live in Illinois!
isn't it a cultural...
BEST FRAN DAY WITH :D
THEIR MUSIC IS SHIT AND SO IS THE WAY THEY doctorSS ;
congrats on the house offer acceptance!!!
I'm with ABC News in New York, trying to reach Leo Millar's parents.
Orthaedic clinic closed.
Contact info?
Help

dislike.
What happened??
i know :
JennaMarblesTaughtMe that sometimes your neighbors will report you to the police when you play Sorry.
Dallas runs shit!
This dude in target line is BLARING michelle branch.
Really?
Lmao
William Shakespeare Pity is the virture of the law and none but tyrants use it cruelly.
he's the guestt ?
van what's urs?
Get the best people and train them well.
Arts and crafts with mom Made my 1st duct tape pen
Sending loads of love to tata4now Love, ATFDC
because we have our cheer banquet and I have to work its only 59:30
I was just thinking about how long we've known eachother.
Holy shit, it's been close to 5 years, Kristine.
Jesus christ.
absolutely, I rt some articles and secretly think to myself, that's news?!
this was one of those articles.
;
Watching Next Iron Chef.
Rooting for Marcus.
Only for you, and your Win98/IE5 technology stack!
Hello World!!!
twitter timeline is dead.
Women in business...
and we have to travel too??
Lisa and Cheryl offered up some good tips today!
You're welcome!
Good luck with the benefit concert on Friday!
Home sweet home!.
My dog got her heartworm pill and Frontline today.
Have you given your dogs their monthly treatments?
An ounce of prevention!
:
I gotta check 'em out...
Apparently my birth certificate expired.....
Some things never change.
Get all the attention and looks from all the guys you can.
They all want your ass.
I wanted your heart.
can you follow
There is nothing glorious in dying, anyone can do it.
Johnny Got His Gun by Dalton Trumbo.
yeah,far from austin's country.
:D m..I have what?
Great job hun!!!!
You get my vote
Yes.
They were amazing  Who was your favorite from last week?
Loving all the golfers wearing pink for Mother's Day at TPC!
GO PHIL!
keep up the spring cleaning sweeping those brooms in Cincinasty!
GO CARDS!
Finished 'Rowing the Atlantic' by Roz Savage.
Think I'm going to take 'Applied Cryptography' by Bruce Schneier on the train with me today.
What was kohl's thinking about when they decided to make a mark anthony brand of clothing??
Might as well throw money in the trash.
Actually yes, my life is a joke.
Don't forget it's Meat Lover's Wednesday tomorrow!
A pound of meat for 8.99 just for being awesome :
Never unfaithful..
FF the most smoove cat I know
because you are 1 fascinating 2 beautiful.
duh.
very interesting.
I need to look into HPs tools.
Thanks
My breaks don't work.
There will be no slowing down.
: slow down, love, ya killin' em notorious b.i.g.
'coffeedoctorp2CalendarUnitvarcharCoffee maker doctorp usage rate denominator'  coffee maker usage for building energy model
Bring Back secret circle!
I don't understand it had almost the same ratings as Vamp.
Diaries, which is your highest rating show!
BPADs are still being evaluated.
We will notify applicants as soon as they are completed.
Man, would have liked to see Lucroy get an AB there.
Congrats to the Orioles!
First AL Team to start a game with 3 straight Home Runs!
Watching his teams was not always either RT : I cannot say that covering TLR was enjoyable every hour of every day.
Man I have seen everybody hereOrlando.
Its cold tho.
YYYYYEESSS !!!
You deserve so much better!
where can i pick up a recording of you spinning?
itunes?
podcast?
cd?
Opportunity is knocking for men, women need a ring..
Indeed it was!
Glad I was awake!
RT : what a night last night!
Welcome to town.
Let me kno if u need NE recs on places to eat or an update on what's new
the leaf blower is a fine tool
Yes and double yes.
Thanks for tweeting the link, Tim.
You're good people.
Stew, do you have a review online yet?
Silence can be a brilliancy yet it can also be a burden.
I GOT THE JOB!!!!!
Start Monday!!!!
Listening to Skinny Genes today inspiring me.
She's the cutest and love her Brit style!
Still don't get track meets.
Coming up w/Voices For Childoctorn: April 30  wine tasting at , May 2122 Soccer Tournament, June 1 our bowling event!!
Stay tuned!
Today's Soups: Cheezy Broccoli  Navy Bean with Ham
Hope everyone is having a great Monday morning, remember pending tdlr we will be having a show on Jan.
28!
Would your grandparents like the music you listen to today?
and churches that teach the parents how to be leaders.
I'll be honest I love chicken.
Not fried chicken, or chicken with BBQ sauce.
Chicken with ranch is just amazing....
WeWontWork if you keep continuing not to care .
Dude.
Great work.
said: sorry,sorry sar with innocent voice' .
Ih :p
Heavy sportsbiz activity here Opportunity abounds and work plate getting very full.
Thanks for sending the info.
This is definitely a TBone Walker sort of day.
well your just plain out beautiful, so it goes hand and hand :
Congratulations!
It's beautiful.
We thank you more I'm in some serious need of some dub time!!
Xoxo : 
i wanna sleep but i wanna watch friends.
what to do, what to do?
Is everyone having a great weekend?
We are always looking for writers and photographers.
Email with your info and clips.
Will someone with authority to make a correction to my payment history from bankofamerica please call me?
9188525036 Lori Cain
RHOA let it go!
Sheree is a troublemaker....
someone had to style those soldier's hair!
Hopefully.
They sure do cast a ...
wide net with their content.
I don't see how pictures of my friends and I will help with that
Heading home.
Chatty bus doctorer yammering on about King Tut exhibit.
Sadly uninterested in local Power of Childoctorn Gallery
Great thought.
Very true!
RT : The door to power only opens from the inside.
Cat Posey.
LOVE THIS!
The Dark Knight is where it's at!
All others are pretenders!
Thankyewverymuch!
Only 5 more years 'til I can apply for those sweet, sweet AARP benefits and discounts!
;
someone punch me in the face.
Just found out a student who never showed up and didn't respond to emails doctorpped the class officially.
That makes sense.
Lady bug, or lady bird, always was a bird person myself
I try and cook things that are naturally glutenfree but am so happy for udis cookies and bread
8 more followers till 400.Thanks.Contest or games soon:
I can see why she needs a leash for a kid...
Bad parenting.
She just smacked the shit out of him hah
Just watched 's Oscar worthy performance in the Game Plan...
Syracuse gets AAP Rocky and Schoolboy Q to perform for them...that's some shit.
Can we transfer?
Let the show begin
RT Can we all just agree to unfriend anyone who makes a Facebook page for their dogs?
Craving KFC after seeing the commercial
I haven't even showed that to Lolly because I bawl
Listening to the Carter 2 by Lil Wayne through West Virginia
I was talking about u warning me about macdonalds nasty milkshakes
ha its all good..
its morning now!
:
Stand your ground, even when it looks like it might fall out from under you.
This Friday we are playing with !
Come out for a great party!
.
Exactly my age, I believe.
3 Unique Environments, VIP Table Service, and the Hottest Party in Town.
Come Experience the Difference at Stilllife Nightclub.
Ridiculousness was hilarious.
Did anyone else see it???
So do not want to go to work today!
wth.!!!
I work tomorrow till tuesday.
Find a way out here or come to my track meet saturday lmao.!!!
Yum!
RT : Btw I'm making shortbread w/lime zest from 's book for the CooktheBookClub potluck on Sat
they probably are but you're just into crappy music haha
Congrats to Jordyn Lucas on her Nickelodeon Pet Promo commercial today.
Quality talent you can bank on!
hey guys whats up?
Jennifer Hudson  Think Like A Man 
The Bellmen of course.
lmao a punch phone!?
right on!
I'll be participating in sacburgermonth so watch out!
;
Im4Falk because she is an amazing role model for me as a local elected official.
Where thaaaaa party at?????
One of my accounts is for Dad's HOF campaign.
This is my personal acct, where I can cuss and rant : JUST KIDDING
cil11 Just caught up with from UofM.
Good to see you and congrats on your new job  NASA!
Are TV on the Radio afraid to make the vocals louder?
Can't hear them
ThingsIDislike hash tags on Facebook
.
W/al due respect, I think marriage equality is VERY prescient, especially if a partner is ailing or in an accident.
From what I just saw on the Dallas vs.
Miami game's National Anthem, is going to be amazing live!
Come on, you do doctorss up for a living!
lol And you do it well I might add...
Fuller: other studies have underestimated real estate impacts, factors.
Not sure we can squeeze more taxes from nonresidents.
YES I knew I could count on you to laugh at my tweet!!
Thanks!
We hope to recruit more great biz's to the Irvington area to complement our good merchants.
Re: Rebranding should be simple to change documentary to nonfiction.Where to start, though?
How to make this happen?
So happy for and for their good news : gotta love progress!
I don't bruise, but if I could I would do this too.
thanks for correcting me!
Much appreciated!
Yes, perception is everything.
doctornkToThat feeling all rebecca black this eve of Dan Adams wedding
Now we just got to track bieber .
Lucky for you.
thx for coming out last night  for your venue suggestion too of course  you'd make for a fine event planner!
Using Survey Monkey to get staff wish list for next year's computer budget.
Now want to do all office communication using Survey Monkey.
Happy New Year Janie!!
: RT : HAPPY NEW YEAR'S
is a networking space for Latino entertainment professorssionals.
Come Join!
Goodbye NFL season.
Amen.
It's a beautiful morninnnn..
O.
my kwyboard is broken
A RT : Dirty Hollywood is goin down right now!
Check it out!
Gonna shit n shower then I'm on my way
John hit me with a water bottle, time to attack.
I followed them :
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am.
nuff said.
: 14
it's freezing here in tijuana and my room y so so cold :s I just need a long warm hug :
a foo tell dem folks at tuner field bout me i went up there bt the man wun there
it's beautiful here!
Where no one intrudes, many can live in harmony.
good call!
Take a look at SymantecO3  a means to protect your cloud properties, even if accessed from mobile devices.
hahah its only cause i love you;
Boo, I have a headache and still have homework to finish.
:
My iPhone has said 100 battery for like 2 days now :/ I don't think thats a good thing!
lol
thanks for listening !!!
Listening to VP Biden channel the Gipper on taxes, a seemingly popular Obama Admin theme lately 
That was sweet.
: No one playin games just u by procrastinating an makin excuses ..maybe you scared to get mixed into this : lol
sry to hear that.
You jus been preachin the past 2 nites an a brotha done got used to it.
Hope you feel better gorgeous!
Just got so much shit at the warehouse sale
With the exception of Twitter  texts, it annoys me when people don't use two spaces in between their sentences.
doesnt look alot like my next boyfriend?...
i think so :
Photo shoot with the talented Ron Soto today!
I wanted a paper bird that could fly  Birdyjosh and Birdylu in paper back and Kindle...they fly  have fun  www.AntiquesArtBookworld.com
Good luck.
lost my bag Jan 2 .
Was told today that they lost my reimbursement claim and have to start over!
ok then.
his yours..
my husband is THUNDER/ CHEONDUNG : wonderful 
I really need food trucks to come to John Carlyle in Old Town.
Asian Street Tacos are my friend.
people r crazy....smh
debit card hacked.
just what i needed.
anyone have lifelock or other identity protection?
worth it?
:
Can anyone share an interesting article?
Need to get my mind away from my worries.
cough cough
Clayton, NC even if it's from a chain restaurant it's tough to beat Carolina BBQ
Jack shares his doctoram and jealously from the camp.
His doctoram was to eat a loaf of bread, his jealously was of the free butterfly.
be hating on my
lol watch your mouth :p
negro look at your texts.
I have questions.
Lol
lmfao I'm sorry!
At least I'm sending picturess  !
What are you guys going to do with them again?
Best day ever.
We scored a table on the back patio So content.
why arnt you doing paradise fears next tour mister?!
Hvrtujikdsjktrfedwqcvbntrfedsw1123456787654325678876543234567865432456765432345678654214565tredscvbhjutwsdfvghyu.
!
How I feel.
I gotta say, whoever does the horoscopes for Yahoo!
is pretty spot on, and I really don't buy into that biz.
We had a great evening.
Thanks for the hospitality!
how much for the dj host
wait till you see next version.
is designing it.
Never take life seriously.
Nobody gets out alive anyway.
That awkward moment when you just see someone and you automatically know he'll be on your mind for the rest of the day.
:
that is the cutest thing I've ever seen 3
having a car is a big responsibilty lol all my money goes into my car
39;I am cycling for my life,39; says Rwanda39;s Byukusenge
someone pull a hill with mee
Thank you, if you'd like, send info to Stay tuned, we have some exciting new changes for 2012!
We want to so bad!
We're working out plans for the future right now and we're not quite sure what to expect yet.
Middleton named finalist for National Sustainability Award.
Congratulations Mike Davis!
Thanks!
Been looking to get there for ages, and now with 2013 SFRA it'll be twice the next year.
They're trying to get us primed for the 3D rererelease.
This weekend we have the new spring menu, a wedding, and Easter Brunch....bring it!
What motivates you to workout?
Taylor i don't miss you!
ThingsMyExSaid Me  Her Dont Even Talk ..
Oh but who was the one hittin her up every day ?
Hope you're doing well Bryan!
Any chance you'll make it to graduation in May??
This was the best day of my life with 2 special people!
Had a great time ;
DAMN IT FEELS GOOD TO BE A GANGSTA....
Thanks Matt!
What kills me the most about that awful loss is the missed tackles, doctorpped balls and fumbles.
A great season ended by bad play.
It's a bullshit story.
You don't need to do that.
I'm making some serious moves
Check out our free climate change awareness program any person can bring to a school.
SO privileged and excited to be a part of the 2012 Emerge program through Leadership Austin!
Time to see what this Hunger Games business is all about.
New Chopped viewing game: doctornk every time you hear Aaron Sanchez say unctuous.
Hi Jennifer!
If your still looking for work, u can go to minorityjobs.net for FREE resume  job board.
Best 2 U, Julie
God damnit I knew it was too go to be true.
Katie likes the sound of kittens in love with alpacas.
to Garry Shandling's show piss
This child purposely avoided making friends to bypass being invited to social gatherings, because Orphan V was not allowed to attend.
do you wanna ride....
Read Getting Things Done by David Allen for starts
You're correct, the Travel Reports dataset just links out to the raw reports that each of the agencies filed with the OGE.
Since I haven't been watching, I'll assume likely scenario is Ryan Hollins going for 28/15  not being the worst basketball player alive?
I won't forget!
I dont wanna goto bed mad at you and i dont want you to goto bed mad at me MAD neyo
ThingsWeAllHate waking up..
fine.
only since you twisted my leg so much.
last to jump on the bandwagon and am 110 clueless...
i dont care I'm just craving carne asada so badly!
lol
doritoslocostacos are heavenly.
doctorke flow while doing credit recovery 
And thank you!
National kiss day huh..????
FUCK THAT SHIT...thats how yu spread shit n get pregnant.!
Ask to be invited to the wedding.
:
Happy Birthday Lucia!!!
ActorStuff: Always be ready.
Always be prepared.
Keep your instrument tuned and polished.
The terrific Agnes Martin show closes Saturday If you go, be sure to read her letter posted just inside the doors.
Why are we allowing the governments to dummy down our school system?
4 days of school for our childoctorn?
A work day is 5 days!
Ever had the lyrics wrong in a song?
finally figured out that in The Damned's Therapy they aren't saying there will be.therewillbtherapy
HAS RETURNED!
thanks!
Loved making that film.
Can't wait to someday meet up and trade stories.
FF to some folk of the goodkind.
Check em out:
nO He did not
teamfollowback I will follow you back, 3
Friends are far and few but she's a keeper FOLLOW AND GET FOLLOWED BACK
Oh : I call good head dat good neck pussy because the head just as bomb as the pussy
my little cousins themselves are another form of birth control.
do you have your keys
you know Penn thru a few points because she is cute.
Cant blame him.
Next time wear a skirt, might help.
Why I'm not more productive: RT Shouldn't you be reading right now?
A handy flowchart to help you decide: ow.ly/8QX8X
Doing things you never thought you'll do .
Why since I 1st started my TeamJoker now everybody TeamSomething ???
grateful today.
deeply.
I'm surprised matt hasn't done the bus thing yet
Hey!
You don't live too far from me.
How r ya?
Event sounds exciting!
Check it out!
Dancing on the tailgate in the full moon.
That kinda thing makes a man go m m..
Dinner at Waterway: I Soflo!!
Its like one of dem penchetta things.
bob
Never trust a girl who doesn't love dogs!
Damn it.
Its more than cold here :// most terrible part of the day: walking to school in the morning or walikg home afterwords :S
This line at ihop ain't playin tho!!!
People be starving in church services.They don't even be paying attention 4real...lol
Dear Chris go to bed
they've lost the other times so..
ah yes.
I may see if I can swing it.
I was on TV tonight right behind the Bird.
I will send the pics.
Last night I added a few more services under the computer services and cost of labor section of the website.
ACCESS names new finance director  Ashland Daily Tidings
I have been praying for more auditions and today I got booked for 7 to go to during the next 3 days!
Talk about when it rains it pours!!
Yes, Officer, that's the one.
Third from the left.
I'm going to tweet all the dumb stuff the person I'm with says
when was the last time you were at toysrus?
it is not a pleasant experience, trust me!!
I just started watching Homeland a few days ago myself.
Good stuff times 10!
Obama's remarks on the war in Afghanistan: TRANSCRIPT  New York Daily News
nf this handsome guy
We're on it: It was such a blast to meet Akevy!
When I wake up early on a saturday
doctornking on ciroc feeling nice
Many schools are in chaos and danger.
The bigger story should be stories of violence that occurs inside of Philly schools.
I love love love this cold weather
The doctorve movie was amazing was spot on!
Very impressed.
Getting so close!
Better Block OKC is this weekend!
We're so excited to show off our work and inspire OKC!
Hope to see you there!
alrightt all these blackout pics have got to STOP..
i forget how many are out there
G.
Bateson and C.
LeviStrauss grokked info theory and cybernetics early on.
Good sources for crit in context of digital remediation.
I hope so.
Going to bed before sunset is tough.
we can bet a beer or 2 or 3
That's a great question.
Currently work in marketing data analytics
Kara, a clever thought perversity of chance
This would also be great outside of class.
Taking photos of things that they can connect to learning.
This in relation to that teacher assessment thing or just in general?
I feel like one day you'll understand me, dawg.
You can still love yo mans and be manly, dawg.
follow back?
Please and thanks;
Writers need two things: 1.
A deadline.
2.
Knowing someone who is crazy about our writing is waiting for these pages.
SEX IS EASY TO GET...
LOVE IS HARDER TO FIND...
Is it only Tuesday?
Sleep time I suppose.
Sometimes the one you want is not the one you need.
an unappreciative journo on a famil, petal?
Some people can't be pleased  and they should just be avoided : Mwah.
Super stoked 4 later this a.m.
150 cops motorcade delivering toys 2 Childoctorn's Hosp.
Tune in 2 Denver news.
Cops Fighting Cancer.
Yes, matter of fact I DO wanna bet!
Cx and oh, that's right.
:,.
Who's with her at the hospital now?
Construction disaster.
Plumbing not where building said it was.
Now for design on the fly.
Bring on the change orders
Gonna try really hard to not give a shit.
Thank you new friends
4famouswords Who is ya Daddy lol
how long have they known each other?
Thinking of the day when you went away, what a life to take, what a heart to break I'll be missing you.
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy is a hard movie to follow.
I love it.
Home button :
All thoughts and prayers go to Bolton FC and his family.
It's moments like these that remind us that football is just a game
Hahah i hate you.
ps check your facebook inbox, i think it will make your day lol
Check out for their coverage on new video and album!!!!
Don't forget to dl
Some old starsky and hutch and taco bell!
Kate Nash stop ripping out my heart with your music okay
what's mennas??
Falling asleep to lazy to get up 
It's VNeck season guise!
hm i doubt you'll get a chance to read my tweet :/ but YOUR AWSOME!!....
OH and CUTE :p
This RT Stack all winter to play all summer.
needs some kind of archival crank to get rolling but just can't muster the mojo
Oh my goulash I tried copying the surfers by trying to stand on my boogie i was stunting for .035 seconds then wave tumble
Thanks back at ya!
Cool pinterest page.
Gotta get myself on gentlemint, man!
you're one of those kids everyone wants to punch in the throat.
Just had a meeting with the MMJ State Department  Everything is looking good...
Last year, we helped nearly 160 h.s.
seniors get into college.
What about next year's class?
Fund human services!
Seeing in two days with , , and !
Plus I get to see !
Hell yes yes!
Working hard to reach our goals!
2011 is going to be a great year!
ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo is underestimate their true potential and settle for a satisfactory life.
Don't create limitations to your success.
who plays like that in the play offs!?!?
LOL RT : CELL PHONE Battery......
Gutter Minded Girls...
shame Shame lol
Checking out the Chivas USA vs.
Club Tijuana Soccer game at USD .
Its a Good One!

It's so good to follow somebody, and dat somebody follow u back!
You the only boy in my life..............
SIKE im a gift that just keeps giving im a slut and i wont stop oh Red cup,you know i fly solo
RT NEW BRIGHTEN SONG UP NOW!
www.myspace.com/wearebrighten
it's very nice
do you use massive?
All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea.
Napoleon Hill
Not in it to win it tonight!
Creighton crew, volleyball game, wine date.
Perfect way to end a 2 day week
I am going to see my cousins house yeee
thank you
NO!
JIMMY PROTESTED!
RT/Follow me if you smiled at that;
My parents are being to nice right now 0.o
That sounds fascinating.
Would you be interested in working together on it?
If you have two tattoos you are not tatted up
i praise you.
omg
Php 4:4 Rejoice in the Lord alway: and again I say, Rejoice.
I'm a part of this NBA party too!
Only thing better would be some Gold Rush.
ha you're welcome lovely 
I enjoyed the tat on Flo.
I've been smoking like a maniac cause I found out I may not be able to have kids.
And when RapRadar decides to pivot.
Ha!
Media Power House.
Whoops!
GAMEOVER!
Paige is here :
To the people making Lebron ring jokes with his finger injury: YOU GUYS ARE SO FUNNY.
That's such an original joke I've never heard before..
Yes.
RT : says she a cleat chaser huh;
new hash 4 the whacko trolls U encounter 
Taxes, doctors, bills.
Best day ever.

Madison loves you Ohio.
Walker is next!
On to Wisconsin!
always is lol!
Lololol :o you just called me a fish cake haha you vaginawaffle :P
I hate to be mean, BUT  obese COMICONgoers: please wear more clothes!
Not even your fellow nerds want to see your pale asscheeks.
Thanks!
We would love to have you stay with us, Kurt!
no probably about it.
brought a guy over, be4 he could say hello sir dad was cleanin the guns
unless ur getting ur tongue mixed up then no I don't have 1 ;
Prepared mustard greens from my garden this evening Really good The rain doesn't look like its gonna happen so I watered.
Garden beautiful!
Apples and Oranges for breakfast!!!!!!!!
Am I the only person who thinks Scott Skiles hates his team?
M, sounds tasty!
Is that what you're having for dinner tonight?
IDK ive honestly never watched glee but I think I heard they've done other songs by journey
Actually at work today, although pretty distracted
Lunch speaker French Minister Christine Lagarde at Exec Club of Chicago Women's Leadership Summit.
1D Flawless Homosexuals.
The great thing about this is that directioners are making fun of the boys more than the haters 
what up hommie
Thanks D.
Hope all is well with you!
Sometimes i wonder what it would be like to be a guy ..
Happy mothers day to the high school moms too ...
They count as well
Perfection is something that you will never achieve once you accept that you will accept yourself.
:/
Hey , Jon wanted me to tell you we saw the bowl balancing unicyclist at the game last night.
Josh Hamilton 2 Run Home Run Rangers lead 97
thanks lady!
Funny how some decisions can change the course of your life completely.
You know the feeling ;
New Year's comes but once a year...and so do our Champagne Truffles!
A guaranteed hit at any New Year's party!!
C'mon Chelsea!!
I'm fine but my pussys finer 
FF Soontobepublished ya author  congrats again!
Thank you!
Checking these links out right now.
:
Neither did I RIP Donna Summers : RT I didn't even know Donna Summer had cancer :
RT : Definite steam on the Rockies this afternoon, amp; I do agree with it, fwiw.
Walking the mile and a half up the street to see Taming if the Shrew with !
I love living in the city!
Aww, pity party for me, but many CONGRATS to AND !!
damn .
You got that shit .
.
.
Thanks for the retweet...glad you liked this one!
Therese'
Hehe It all happens tomorrow :3
Hey Matthew, it would be so great to say hi while you're out in the LA.
It's been so long since Turks  Caicos.
RT : Playing with 80legs.com.
Although early, this seems like an interesting service.
I like their crawl packages and market place.
thanks, lady!
I hope it was a good ride for , too!
Boom.
RT : how would u like to be a rangers pitcher and have Nolan Ryan in the front row every night.
Yes, I'm interested in an 18thC virtual rdg group
File that last tweet under hashtag:
dug addict....
People, never eat your lunch at 10 a.m.
It's just bad voodoo.
exits for scrounging mission
well duh.
Haha.
I'm talking about the new smaller ones though.
Haha
thank you!!!!!!
youre amazing
Warren Watch: 'Secretary' flak  Omaha WorldHerald
Happy Mothers Day!
Is an Eazy E hologram too much to ask for tonight?
I'd like to do more too, but it's hard to imagine fitting consistent social media in with my other work
Are you visiting Seattle or moving?
Have fun!
SomeoneIWantToMeet Kurt Cobain.
If he was alive, that'd be cool.
honestly, I thought it was great.
5 for 10 with 3 going to charity?
Good move, imo.
Malachi just said that he has too much knowledge
Nope, , no more Gunsmoke yet.
How about Peyton Place?
We're so excited for tomorrow's class on brainstorming, inspired by 's book Gamestorming.
Full report coming soon!
Crazy HUH, They are talking about and using fot but not following us : GO GET EM!
Ever really want something and then you get it...
And realize that was the dumbest idea I ever had...
Yeah never doing that again.
I had an amazing time at WordCamp Miami.
Can't wait until the next one!
so I'm braiding my hair right now  it's totally reminding me of you which is kinda weird...
Haha.
U.G.L.Y  U Gotta Love Yourself
Another cool day on tap for you around San Diego  clouds likely sticking at the beaches till early afternoon  low 70s your highs there.
We're pleading the 5th here.
:
What does it mean to be a college prep high school?
Please respond or RT if you have the time.
Thank you!
I followed the RT from for your post about the band...so well written I got chills!
could not be happier that has grapefruit radler.
Mine got taken in the Munich airport
Slowly becoming addicted to the swedish girl withe the doctorgon tattoo trilogy.
heheh any way how exam goin on, last term test that your goin to have dhw
The fireworks are for the SFGiants private World Series Gala.
How long has Silas coached?
Coached Hornets in both Charlotte  New Orleans.
Also Bobcats in Charlotte...
the San Diego Clippers.
Architecture industry has highest rate of unemployment in US 13.8; now is the time 4 candidate relationship mgt strategy!
TP Elite, Playmakers, Swing and Running Rebels 17U squads all competing in the Adidas Spring Classic in Indianapolis this weekend.
um...that's Softball Guy.
And yes, Softball Guy dies
I've heard that it's a great proposal.
I hope I get to see if sometime soon!
yes, I believe I would..
How?
You Can Get The Bankroll Baby!
Noticing that replied to me, just mademyday.
Hahah!
:D
I'm playing at the High Dive in Fremont on 7/17/2011 with Fortune Dwellers  The Fabulous Party Boys come out and get your Sunday groove on!
Oh, Three Days Grace.
3
Haven't watched yet!!
Omg now I must.
RT : DID YOU SEE THE JEEP ON GIRLS LAST NIGHT?!?!?
knicks blowing it...Stoudemire has his coach to thank for not teaching him any defense in Phoenix
Everything is easier then admitting that I miss you like crazy./3
Rams Josh McDaniels likely to replace O'Brien as Pats' OC...
Amen sister :D
.
Cork Wine Bar HappyHour sounds amazing!
I was just telling about it!
Hopefully we can make it!
Great recap of last week  preview of upcoming fulhamfc match against sunderland on ...
Kudos to 
Let's see how fast it takes for advertisers to react ...
Waiting in line to get The New iPad.
Why aren't we just calling it the iPad 3?
Or iPad HD?
The New iPad.
Please.
Gimmie a break.
elohel bitch go back to bed.
My new favorite handle:
oh yaOnly real men like you ride in n' black mustangs!!
; lolz love ya plz reply nd follow me
I wonder how you do that?
become famous?
let me know  looking forward to your feedback
When your heart wears thin, I will hold you up and I will hide you when it gets too much.
you shouldn't get too good at farming or housework or ppl will expect it from you.
doctor Kim on why her mom sent her to school.
The passage of time n all of itz crimez
please follow me!!!
333333
ipadbeatslocalnews RT : Fairfax/sunset a crime scene.
We just got kicked block west.
Filming w/ ipad.
No broken bones.
Worst fall I've had.
A sprain wrist.
I'm so jealous lol
Is Mildoctord Pierce, Joan Crawfords best known movie?
: Halitophobia is the fear of having bad breath.
I hate bad breath!
Thanks babe!
Looking at the Thompson House ad in the new CityBeat just made me puke in my mouth a bit.
Show Tune Tuesday?
Newport is Branson now?
YUCK!
: I'm really sorry to hear that.
Let me know if you need anything.
Anything at all.
just bought a tix to Patti Smith.
My first show in Detroit is seeing another New Yorker.
Excited
Great Session today  hoping to resume shooting this summer
that's a great deal!
I'm attending the Masie LMS conference tomorrow in Chicago.
Looking forward to some great intelligence on the current state of lms systems.
Now mister B.
is going against the test obsessed culture in schools.
Thanks girl!
:
Life moves pretty fast.
If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it.
Worrying only about me, my child, and MY family.
They're far from perfect, but I love them more than anything!
:
This  giving me the shakes
It was fun!
What a great city.
that girl gotta moo moo stains!
Looking for donations of gift certificates to give as prizes to donors.
Any national restaurant or retail, hotel, etc.
DM me if you can help
We'll doctornk to that.
RT : Justin Bieber has good hair.
hahaha i love it when you say you stupid s.o.b
Dear Pacific Resources Partnership instead of BeNiceBen how about StopCryingDan PRP and Dan are beyond out of touch wakeup and listen...
THIS GIRL IS FUNNY.
If what's on the inside is taken care of, it will show on the outside.
Hair, skin, weight, nails, etc...
Walk'n into Taft for
Haha.
We're in the same spot judging by your picture
Want free tickets to the ISS Fort Worth show?
Seriously...a spam reply EVERY time I tweet something.
WTF..., get on it!
Ky.
counties converting old school buses into ambulances to handle accidents, disasters
What's your favorite doctornk when it is hot like this?
.
mister.
Bennett from Pride  Prejudice for sheer aggravation.
Or a childhood fave, mister.
Frisby
Sports stars should have to win a championship before they can get tattoos.
Never tasted a WA Malbec, although some of their their cab and pinot I Like!
Also, if your service is double that of your competitors, don't get irate with me when I call you out on it.
Two words I never thought I'd see collocated: kitten huffing.
Dare I ask?
Celebrate Fat Tuesday  big savings at the gift idea shoppe!
Find fun  festive madoctor gras gift ideas now 20 OFF!
I like Kentucky 7871 tonight
A big hello to our new followers!
We'll celebrate on Monday with a ticket giveaway!
Follow us to win!
lucky yu h
lol let's not hate on them if they make it this easy to hate.
I think we all lost...
Problems like dis can turn a girl into a pot head...Lol
Review of petitions in wirecall will take longer than 60 days, oversight board unsure how long exactly.
Mayor proposed 5.6 million reduction to the overall DYRS budget leaving the agency with approximately a 106 million budget.
I will appearing before the City of Tijuana's Commission on Border Affairs today to addoctorss several joint projects that benefit the region.
a only 1 baby mi have :p gweeh
Bored as hell!
Jacob is so sweet!!
:
Master mixologist tonight
Happy album release day!
I shall have 'Neck of the Woods' on repeat for days to come, I'm sure.
Is Afterschool good?
Just added it to my Netflix queue, after seeing that Jody Lee Lipes shot it.
yay!
So happy you like dollface!
Haydar isn't w/ Milwaukee anymore....The best AHL team!
Does anyone own a glass pitcher?
love ?
what love ?
!
mia , are you ok ?
are you on doctorgs ?
GET HELP MIA , NOW !
Awaiting Team Blade Bikini Athlete Rachel Ponder to step on stage at the Shannon Dey Clasaic!
Pre judging is tonight!!!
Fingers crossed!
Skeptical scrutiny is the means, in both science and religion, by which deep insights can be winnowed from deep nonsense.
Carl Sagan
uh wat.
u stopped replying, boob.
uu RT: its barely 11:05, and the only person whos up is and i.
sigh.
well good luck!
I'm sure you'll do great!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!
Day 1: youth CommunityJournalism / DigitalStorytelling project in E St.
Louis today.
Cross your fingers for us  for working tech!
dirty dirt bag
Your beautiful
I have the book on my kindle.
I will read it and post a review.
What song would you like to hear us cover next?
It's just the book everyone is reading right now.
I read it.
I liked it.
It's really cool right now to hate it.
and when he smiles, the whole world stops and stares for a while, cuz you're amazing, JUST THE WAY YOU ARE 
It was pretty intense.
Staying up for 24 hours for something you care about is lifechanging.
Another underwear bomb?
Release the doctornes.
well 3 weeks till summer classes start lol
homesteading practice in full effect.
Baking bread, cakes and making cheese and homemade yoohoo.
just landed in Denver.
I miss Michael.
And you, I suppose.
You go boy!
: I'm a true professorssional
Agree with pseweb is a great success.
Well done
I want oysters for dinner!
Now...
where on the F line in Brooklyn can I find them?
I once passed a place in Ohio selling guns, ammo, jewelry, coins, and bagpipes.
I get everything but the bagpipes.
In Ohio.
Random
Grace Krilanovich, James Warner,  Louise Mathias confirmed for Sunday, April 1.
Save the date, and don't forget the first reading 2/12/12!
Testing Seesmic  like integration of twitter/facebook and multiple accounts.
Will report back as I try out new features.
I am fortunate to be here thank you all for making me feel at home
: its nshit all one word
Hi, my loves, Copperrose is very excited we are all most finished with our final mix on our new CD.
coming soon.
ITS GOING TO BE YUMMY, HOT
The greater danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it, but that it is too low and we reach it Michelangelo
Smart women who want to slap me...Twitter's kind of like being married only without all the paperwork or inlaws.
I'm getting a lot of texts from people Who need relationship advice.
If I don't get back to you tonight I will In the morning.
Promise!
We're doctorwing for an iPad at 12:30 come by booth 607to register!
Welcome to our twitter.
As we progress in our startup, we will keep everyone up to date here.
i dont want this ipod touch anymore...
Tweets everyone besides me : /3 Thanks Dylan
I'm just gonna go out with Danielle tonight.
We will have a girl's night.
Maybe go to the movies.
Can't wait to hear ur story
Love the Miller 64 tune on radio!
Makes me want to dance...but not doctornk Miller 64...
Transsexual Homosexual Bisexual Straight?
No worries.
We enjoy all lovers.
Sign up now at mydateishere.com to find your date today!
Hello Columbus..
and Hello Monday!
OOMF Has a birthday next week!!
YES RT : RT : Text from Wait, I got mocked from the stage?
I HAVE ARRIVED.
With air force one expected over us soon, the guy shooting artillery at the Seahawks tailgate may want to save those for next week...
the only girl there haha
Candy withdoctorws.!
/3
sketchy dudes' car blocking the gate.
had to crawl through the nasty ivy to get to the door.
kind of sick of epa
French Montana  I Think I Love Her
Integrators, this one's for you: Learn about video surveillance in the clouds.
Attend my moderated session at ISC West....
cheer up Charlie!
Crazy is the new sane.
We have the freedom to believe what we want in this country!
Which is why I choose to believe it won't snow tomorrow.
Oh thieves, you will get yours
long island, New York
i wanna hoop today .
wyatt family dinner conversation of the night world longest and oldest river trivia
Pool time...
I got 9200 on vocab today!!!
Ima get some shut eye..
better u get some too besty!
nite
Comment your twitter name for a S/O , but you gotta follow me :
always you Josh...
Stop by my friend
One can doctoram.
It is sad to see the program in such shambles.
what you think about having?
discovered President Obama created White House Council on Women and Girls..
Want to know why it didnt get press and how i get a voice?
Shocked to see the Crimson ranked.
They made Florida State look awful earlier this year.
Cinderella tourney run?
it was love at first sight ever since I came out of ur belly haha
how do you get put in twitter jail??
Who wears heels to go shopping?
DH is a highly visible community of people online/on Twitter that use technology  communication 
Damn twitter...yal  these spam Dm's need to be laid to rest!!
we was hooping today i crossed the hit out a nigga he fell on his but
I hate it
FemaleAttentionSeekingStatusUpdates I think You're the father
Latest addition to my list of potential start up ideas: a way to organize potential start up ideas.
And freeze warning tonight.
I am only even thinking about it because of being on it.
Enjoying the nature in our yard  from squirrels to myriad birds Cardinals, Nuthatches, Titmice, Tweedle Der's??
That could be both live/love!!!
I've been more productive with everything in one place and syncable.
It's really nice.
Thank you so much for your support!
I'm way excited!
HIPDC Valerie Rodgers 1st speaker at HIP discusses meaningful use of public health data  socioeconomic implications.
Dylan Byers of Politico is a fraud!
So does every one have iTunes
dont get me started on your Knicks again now that the star has returned
vice principle didnt 'approve' of my shirt..so now i have to wear kevins polo.
i look like a man.
and smell like axe.
Southern Fried Chicken in Great Britain?
ThingsThatFrustrateMe  That old person doing 40 on the Freeway!
PLEASE move it!
Just interviewed a doctormmer with an amazing goatee and mustache.
Couldn't stop looking at it.
RT TO GET MORE Followers!
thanks Melanie RT : Nice photo Ankur
HAPPENING NOW: bartrivia and allyoucaneatwings tonight.
Yeah, I may go ahead and update today at some point.
I got my pasties and hose in for the thingy this Saturday, I wanna show ya
hey u
your special pies are getting seriously elaborate.
where you coming up with this stuff??
weekend, lots to do.
hope you all are well.
The new pics are fantastic.
check em out!
more in a bit....
A vast city island built opon ancient granite
i need yu to do this remix bro .
Ready for a King Holiday weekend?
Come on OUT  get a spiced Chai Tea tonight.
here for you until 10PM with a King Sized Sale on Everything!
turgeon is great coach they will be better.
Good class and he has cleaned out riff raff
A6: I really scratch my head at some stadium naming deals...
Little power scare for a couple secs, but FULL Grizzlies network is rocking 92.9 FM 680 AM with tip at around 12n
I think you are well within the range of doing that as always!
what does that mean excatly?
RT : Dining out 4 Life by tonight!
Eat, imbibe, and enjoy and you did your good deed for folks in need!
Educated Girls 
Love my talented husband Congrats on your Grand Prize story in ReadersDigest.
Pick up a copy today!
PINA definitely brings out the nurturingcare giver, doesn't it?
But so lovely!
Almost to 450 followers!
Wonder if I'll get there on glorious April 13, the day I joined the earth :
happy birthday ya coy...wish you the best
Come join us this weekend...
me  Seamus fighting infront of reilly reilly:Stop!
I dont want this interaction in front of my face!
Me:....that's what she said..
My parents on learning of my worktrip to Argentina: Mom: Are there cannibals?
Dad: I don't care if you get raped, just don't get killed.
The last couple of weeks of the semester are so stressful!
Groovology with Gerald Albright sounding good.
Its Monday afternoon, Stop by to see us, here til 7pm!
On the lookout for WiFi.
Anybody have success?
Also at the Fair on Thursday, Passport photos!!!!
If you don't already have yours come get your Passport Photo taken, Special 2 for 5.
was great
Is it just me, or have the Bruins breakout passes been just a bit off all series long?
are u ok go take a chill pill u have nothing hater gonna hate I am gonna eat
Rain, rain...go away!!
False.
Look at the stats  compare 1st year to 1st year  2nd year to 2nd year Elway eons better
hey thanks for the mention!
You sure will.
As long as you make the flight.
I've been known to go at 8ish for breakfast of champions.
i didnt mean to re tweet it :/
how is that even possible?
and just retweeted me.
this day could literally get no better.
USF Library closed Monday for MLK Jr.
Day.
The suspense is killing me!
I am going Ides of March Madness!
Lil Wayne tought me maybe she won't...but then again..maybe she will
How am I supposed to eat a sub if its as hard as a log??
Are you following me?
Follow your brotherinlaw while you at it.
Ultimately, presence of childoctorn of illegal immigration in the public school system, and the general expenses that surround them
Well that made me feel better....for a second.
School!
Yay, what a joy :/
Know what to do during medical emergency  your library?
Good idea to go over protocol.
A young man had a seizure here this morning.
Who wants to party after graduation?
Where's candie ?
;o
Nick calm yo sperm down!
o.O
Please turn your location settings back on, so each of your tweets reveals a detailed google map of Tukwila
People need to know that do their thing!!
Well done fellas, well done.
am i missing something or is this just a random shout out to longago glory days?
u r so cute..
Follow me back
90' trail run with intervals in Z45a.
Going to crush it today.
Pickup Line: Do you sleep on your stomach?
No.
Can I?
I've just tweeted for the fan vid,but I tweeted from my personal account , look at my tweets and you'll see :
Why is she going to be a little sailfish?
Boats are cool but wtf Selfish Scott, Selfish
The Clever Contributor
You've got this!
Shy person
wonder what Chris Paul  Dwayne Wade had as pregame meals
RT : misterGnome could be the best show ive witnessed this year.
Absolutely silly that that much sound can be derived from only 2 ppl.
yes!!
Hope you're loving London!
Let's get down to business, to defeat this test.
I am el loco.
It's been great, it's been swell...
Can we make everyone leave now?
ibeen findd im home right now cooking food

thanks for the RT!
:
Greinke with 10 Ks.
His last 10strikeout game also was against Reds.
Last year on Sept.
18.
starting work on our new ep!
recording today
You're the one who went to rehab, but I'm the one with issues?
Something isn't right here.
OH: She looks like a Kenny G fan to me.
im good bby thinkin about u
Awesome!
We would love to know for sure!
Woo hoo.
RT : hyped to see the homie speak at today!
So let me get this straight; Pats aren't doing anything and the Bruins are down 40 after one with 2 shots on net.
works like a charm man...
Or you give em the look..
If you havnt seen it go search it on utube haha
Imagine a 24hour stellar Chinese restaurant...
Insert pause
Conviction is the inner sensor alarming us to what is wrong  what is right.
I haven't taken a shower in 5 days hipsterlife twerk it out
No more loneliness and heartaches
I wonder what it feels like to be a normal height, and not a
Happy New Years!
So true!
GM: It's a beautiful day, but I can feel the high pollen counts.
I seems allergy season is starting early!
why the sad face?
thanks for following!
Lunch time.
Then practicing more.
mike jones
is the quality of patient food in the hospital setting as important as medications?
Blake griffin has such a diverse offensive game lmao
It was a graphic by never made it to a sticker...but maybe it should : Anymore of those TBAG stickers left?
Thank YOU!
RT Another great day at masslib12  fantastic career  resume advice from  thank you!
hope you had a great bday!
Recipes for dinner and for life with Nice way to spend an evening on the stoop in DC.
yeah, doctorg taking is like doctor Seuss's waiting place.
It's strategic tho.
The later he arrives, the more I will buy.
Going out to eat with my family then a movie lifesgood :D
on da way now
Geneva has the most amazing spas...had the most blissful, heavenly experience Now onto late lunch trying the infamous Fresh D'lite Grill:
I'll check it out!
the free market has already priced healthy alternatives out of reach for most.
It's LOBO HAPPY HOUR!!!
Come in with your ticket from Sat game and print a coupon off the Lobo Facebook page to redeem a FREE LOBO CUPCAKE!
Can't wait for June!
Somebody just got shot...I'm bout to get the fuuck..
I wonder if he is ever mistaken for some trailer park kid walking to school
super interesting blog, thanks for sharing
Nice!
RT : This Bishop is imbued with Stockholm Syndoctorme in addition to being disingenuous and intolerant
Thanks for shoutout...right back at ya!!
Thanks for the heads up on Berlin film festivals.
You told a friend who told us!
Great Idea.
what he said RT : Wouldn't mind doing something tonight........
So grateful thankful and lucky.
:
The funny thing is, I've often wondered ...
Yay is following me I just though I should mention that :
We 3 you too!
RT : I swear one day I am going to overdose on my vitamins.
I love my gummies!
Yayy thank you : !
well it's not like he tweeted the best tweet of all time of Erik Duckart.
Elliot's motto
Next week I cite a tweet of yours in English in a lecture.
One month till it is in print.
NB: media archaeology unfolding...
Well played Sir!
Now you're talking.
assembling in Denver next!
But I am moving to LA next week!!!!
:
i dont have a phone right now
Max Pain I can't wait!
I can't cuss in front of adults.
It's difficult and awkward.
take it easy n rest
nigga y'all been puttin y'all CDL to work.
Haha.
I remember wondering why my parents always awkwardly left the room!
loser you don't have any 'preme.
not here!
lol
Wish I knew what I wanted to do for school
Our favorite holding period is forever.
Warren Buffett
Lol, now MY dad thinks we're lesbian!
x
Free Queso and great beer and wine prices 4:306:30 MF all day Saturdays
Someday we will be open for lunch!
That's an unfair and unnecessary question.
Dirk clearly has the best hair.
Crazy day yesterday.
Just now recovering from the workload.
And then there's more workload!
In the business world, the rearview mirror is always clearer than the windshield.
Warren Buffett.
I'm sick and staying off of work...
Dan Isett, PTC: dominant form of media remains television.
Vchip has been an abject failure.
Starting your Monday off right will produce a productive rest of the week!!
Happy birthday to Bob Marley, the legend.
Pretentious coffee sounds great.
Tuesday or Thursday best for me.
Let me know!
:When you encounter a wall, tell yourself: Since there is a wall here, a wide, open expanse must lie on the other side.
is hearing rumors...
about stuff...
and things...
So when LeBron scores 0 points in the fourth quarter because he sits out, are we going to argue that he's unclutch?
Why cant i be old enough already to move to a new country?
hey just got back from the game.
wow.
w e beat detroit's asses today.
sorry I saw you lost...
Gurl, chill that winky face out..
very cool!
Hi RB Thx 4 Flwng FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
IKSRTFO I'M KNOCKING SOMEBODY RIGHT THE FUCK OUT!
Lmao!!!
Why are these cats posting professorle pic's of there lips!?
I don't wanna see propics of lips!!!
Well...
Hum?
Lmao!
Hahaa!!!
if you mean the Business of Golf Instruction, yes I am.
or is there a different?
i've seein your stuff, good work!
lol it means exactly what u just said to me i say to u to but instead of saying it u say likewise.
lol u never heard of it
O baby I won't give up on us.
I really need a 2nd round of Anybody wanna help me out?
Its so good!
so much doctorma, I love it!
When it Rains it fucking pours.
it would be worth it though
these guys don't stink.
Virginia seems to have the most kamikaze skunks.
A birthday is just the first day of another 365day journey around the sun.
Enjoy the trip.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
lmao.
True that :
I want my slice of the American Pie
quickest shower in the history of mankind?
I am now following 2,000 people.
Three more followers until we reach 1000!
Who's gonna be the one!?
Feeling VERY liberated...
Watch your step :
O goodness!
I didn't mean to keep you up!
I'm going to go to bed too!
What are you watching?
R/T S/O in Bella32 wit my fam, y'all need to get here, it's going down
stupid skyrim update makes my ps3 freeze everytime i go underwater.
i'll cut somebodeh!
Big game tonight against New Jersey.
Whose Tuning in?
RT : Running and yoga is the fitness plan today
There ain't no party like a knitting party.
knows.
The most money ever paid for a cow in an auction was 1.3 million.
Have you encouraged anyone today?
Find someone to speak life to.
Yes, you count, too.
Rytes Warriors 2013 playing in Central Texas Shootout in Austin.
20, defeating Texas Ambassadors  Carlton and SA Mustangs in Pool Play
possibly.
I dunno, I rarely watch other NFL or MLB games.
but NBA playoffs...
that's my shit.
Special Sun night event at David's!
: Tmister night for SKC v.
ChivasUSA: My house at 8pm if anyone's available.
So Lil B is giving a lecture at NYU.
I have officially lost all hope in humanity and the value of literacy
Can't wait to see  on Saturday night.
Hope it's a nice night at CBP!
sometimes, yes.
RT : Man is rated the highest animal,at least among all animals who returned the questionnaire.Robert Brault LOL!
Whatever you're most consistent in will B evident in your life.
Actions speak louder than words.
But never forget: Words R powerfulask God!
Don Brown!
That is surface.
Techniques changed, brain research added.
Tasks  way we treat kids different.
After watching that cheap hot on Hossa, I'm about ready to put my pads back on  beat that worthless Coyote's ass myself!
Got the official wordmy one woman show, LIFE ENCOUNTERS will be listed in Theatre World..a part of NYC theater history
MJ and Scottie made rodman a HOFer...he did squat shit for pistons and spurs...
About to jump on the phone with NFL HOFer Lynn Swann to talk some
Guy who knocked me out of yesterdays tourney made the final table.
At least he made good use of my chips
I'm gonna stop trying right then.
Welches fruit snacks are disgusting!
Ya i roll a blunt, but my girl does it for mee
Smh im be str8 getting them hours since school over
boy they sure snatched defeat from the jaws of victory tonight
Followed.
Follow back please :
ME PLEASE.
i love you
Respect my Gangster.
Man I forgot how funny this movie is
Studio Sundays !!
Can't seem to bring himself to grade the last few project proposals.
Why are the last few always the hardest?
Did you make it back?
Lloyd  I walked the waterfront this morning.
Let me know.
hey ; come here often?
thanks.
Show the follow back love!
With a Ph.D.
in Chemistry, suprised she didn't come up with something a bit more original than a vinegar and baking soda volcano
Refine your tactics of levelheaded, calm and confident defense in the midst of an attack, rather than resorting to emotional return fire.
We're working on it.
IT is supportive.
Just need to get others on board.
BRITTANY IS A WEIRDO!
Chillin on a dirt road.
Anyone else notice any slow connection problems?
M39;s Art Impressions: Make it: Citrus Salt Body Scrub
i'm not.
ObamaFirsts First President to get zero votes for his budget.
My momma told me about Tumeric the new miracle food.
I'd rather burn 100 billz then end up like a rich dick head.
Need a shawty to come an replace my teddy bear thats layin next to : thunder an rain thoughts
Sleepy but still on lol
Two tweets below yours in my feed was this from : Graphic: Qaddafi family tree
Work At Home Mum Makes 4,397/Month PartTime ....
??????
:D
Sorry w/ Cenk on illegal immigrant issue.
Blame her parents, but cannot reward ppl for breaking the law.
whoops, only saw this now.
I don't know, but I'm sure we'd all chip in for a taxi if you need!
: hahaha classic.
salty she had a cape on doe!
I have created a few posters like your RA of my own if you would like me to contribute them to your cause, let me know.
I share :
Today One Of Dem Dayz..
Monday 
Sure is, best breed and only breed I've ever owned.
Chesty just turned 6.
YouWereCuteUntil I figured out you smoke
that was amazing!
They really separated !
One civilized reader is worth a thousand boneheads.
H.
L.
Mencken // thanks to
miss ya too.
Let's make another video soon.
And I really want to meet your new family member...
So happy for you.
Just got done with Planet Gemini, great crowd, with
i love skypee:
Well I did few up in Morocco actually.
I got here when I was 18 to go to college : Been here around 10 years now!
Relationships are worth fighting for, but you can't be the only one fighting.
Get to see in like 12 hours.
Centerfield has played.
2012 is officially underway.
Aye i left my hard doctorve on the floor by the stairs.
put it in dads rom with my phone  shit fa me.
Whats the point in liking someone who doesn't like you back?
There is no point.
But you cant help who you like, it's not up to you..
Your 3
Why every time I go to panda express there cooks are always Hispanic !
I swear they whip it up better than the Asians lol real talk
Kobe The Closer Bryant
okay I'll come by and pic them up
3 more periods until we go off on defense
Questions Continue to Linger Over Berkshire Succession
Happy new year east coast
How big/diverse is the crowd?
Is it the choir?
Any insights?
Hello Raymond, thank you for the mention and as always I appreciate your support and encouragement.
Sorry grammys  music's biggest night this year was when Justin Vernon finished mixing Bon Iver.
I ain't watching.
clippernation due to an ill untimely CPRFirst Aid training ill be missing the game.
Cant even check my phone.
Please win.
great minds think alike!
Uploading pictures from Erics  party last night !
Being ungrateful only leads to disappointment
Call DUI Trudy if you have a pending arrest for a DUI or need legal counsel 2508000  taking care of business!
People only wanna talk to me when my phones on silent.
She Did that
hey guy we are getting like tons of snow here in the Outerbanks,NC.
Thanks!
I'm a firm believer in offering everything possible in HighRes for free.
Then again, if you're tall  attractive, bring yo ass over here lol
Use real words!
MT : Companies who use text speak make 40 less revenue than those who spell words correctly.
what happened???
Congrats RT : : League source confirms fouryear deal for Lions rookie wide receiver Ryan Broyles.
Pro Rata  Proportionally
FTW  RT : Gaylord, big night dc party w friends RT : 22.
Any NYE/NY plans?
Let's be honest, your girlfriend looks like Courtney Love did while reading Kurt's suicide note to fans.
Was anyone at the pop punks not dead tour in jersey if so you might have seen the tta shirt on NFGS bass doctorm :
Its a beautiful day out...
That means Happy Hour Wednesdays at Bounce Sporting Club NYKnicks vs Spurs Tn 8:30 Countdown to
Eyes are tired from staring at computer, time for diner and a movie
whatwomenrthinking why do women look at other guys when they with there man
...
i'll say it again: life moves pretty fast.
you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it.
ferris bueller
Such a joyful weekend with perfect weather in a long time.
you make me giggle.
Thanks Twit!
Hi all.
Currently, our site is unexpectedly down.
We are working on remedying the issue quickly.
Thanks for your patience!
Mommy Time in ONE week!!!!
Okay John the ripper RT : My kinda town RT : One in five women in 1700s London were prostitutes.
RT : Just saw a probably 4yo girl say to her dad, So, what's this Egypt thing?
complete with air quotes.
Classic.
Ice creamgirl scout cookiesbourbonblendersure solution for a postclass tonic?
Or...MUDDER'S MILK??
You decide.
removed RT FATabul0usLola I had all four wisdom teeth removal at one time and was just numbed up...
Saw and hear everything!
Big Donkey
yes it sure does!
ThingsMyExsaid your penis is tiny!
I love you though!
oh ok shit Didnt know.
You live n your own
Kellan Lutz looks sexy in the new Breaking Dawn trailer..
Unf.
thank you kindly for the
i noticed that Austin eats at Olive Garden.
a loot.
Cool, come to Akron when you're done!
Looking forward to introducing Molino High School in Forestville, CA to the tomorrow afternoon.
private show
WhenImAlone I think about how it used to be 3
is having a marathon on USA :
nowplaying Treading Water  Chris Brown
Statistics show that if you dont have a burrito and a margarita everyday, you will die.
Its science man.
Anytime I see 7 on the floor for the Bulls, I still think it's Ben Gordon.
: when you hit the coast, maybe you'll finally see, and then you'll turn it all around and come back to me
RT : The forum will give community members a chance to testify about city's jail conditions Check our homepage tmister 4 link.
I stand in solidarity w/ my colleague in demanding all sides be heard  insist women not be demonized for expressing their views
Thanks for the shout out Trevor!
love that place!
I'm at old Chicago in Lexington...
Hm
so excited for tomorrow : gonna watch 'The Lucky One' in cinema with my friends :
Get out.
Some girls are so oblivious to everything
Fucking auto type.
Meant Kat Stacks.
OhEmGee.
Im bored
Coming home from the gym and having some fire ass food waiting for you 
Time goes by super fast.
hey its me mary aka iamsporty657 on youtube.
please follow me back angeles.
Maybe because you haven't tried Tamale Boy ;
might do that when I have some time.
thanks!
Any and all good vibes sent my way today, or at least for the next hour or so, would be greatly appreciated.
Pinnnnttttssss : I love you follow me :?
saving me the trouble of deciding!
:
It's nice when others think you are great but much more important is to know you are special uniquewonderful regardless what THEY think!
I can't possibly say what I mean/need to say...
Stop writing like this, people.
Not everything is predicated on your perceived failure.
What is your favorite mobile app?
Thanks Vince!
It's not just a pretty face, the newlook is the foundation for substantial work to come.
Stay tuned.
just yelled AmberAlert at the bar
very cool.
I left the one I made on your cam if you want to check it out.
Our chi girl is a LH as well.
Love all Chi babies, but there is something extra special about the LH variety!
:D
Listening to CallMeMaybe by 's artist So awesome!!
T you sold me some crap accessories for my iPhone for 50!
A hard case that broke when it fell  a protector screen that doesn't stick.
this is utterly INANE i am in disbelief :
Dear Minka Kelly, How do you go from Derek Jeter to Wilmer Valderrama?
No accountant needed...just bring your doctornking pants and your math skills!
Not sure either, lol.
I'll look at them tonight, it's a great shot and it will be fun.
First tweet!
Sharks tie it up.
Go
god, loll
Goodnight Twitter!
Bad night but whatever...
haha sorry...
I get distracted easily.
Going classic...poker, smoke and whiskey.
Your newest episode 'doctorving Tori Crazy' was very interesting,specially the part with the song 'Five Fingaz to the face'!
When?
I'm down if I don't have 2 work
Occupiers at terminal 6 just left with the big, blow up pig.
Just a few remain.
Kind of boring, actually.
Emergency Patches Pushed for Flash, PHP  CSO
1doctoradSheaStylinsonsStory help trend it!
Foxtrot in the doctorveway under the moonlight...incredible!
how are you hungry bro we ate like 3 hours ago.
would love to see the family violence study added to issuelab.
DM me if you want me to upload it!
Do you realize if it weren't for Edison we'd be watching TV by candlelight?
Al Boliska

Thanks for the bday wishes!
sorry aroldis chapman...
steve nebraska is still better
Is anyone else in the real estate industry experiencing a flurry in the market??Things are picking up these days!
As a kid, my choice come from this formula:partybusUCLA
Larry Stylinson is so much to handle right now.
another fiscal year, another delicious summit!
beard still smells of ribs, though.
no complaints.
GifBoom is awesome :D
When he fits like a glove how can you say no !?
haha jus bullshtn
The Mavericks respond with a 70 run to start the 4th.
Blazers lead 7473.
Please let me know if you know how to publish book or illustration
aman I dont play about my daughter.
I will my grandma did that when I was little but my child her life ill do 25 life play me
Seriously, no one is asking you to sing.
That is too cute!
Yeah kitties!
Steiner sports memorabilia doing a nice job partnering with Neiman Marcus and Chase Ultimate Rewards
trying to muster up the strength to punch Hollywood in the dick for the second week in a row...
Okay.
Changing so much water per week might seem like a waste.
Tip: Water potted plants with old aquarium water.
My childoctorn are the best, brightest, most untainted part of me.
I should make cookies.
35 minute wait on hold is ridiculous
finally over the cold!
I think that sampling a bottle from my collection of The Colonial EstateExile 2005 last night helped.
Pure magic!
Love it!
RT Don't try to win over haters.
You're not the Jackass Whisperer.
cant believe tomorrow is
Ayye Bruh I'm feeling that Attire Beat.
What you selling ya beats for
Uhmmm I'm just gonna say that was completely on purpose....
We need Artest in the next series
If you're with gay marriage being against your morals, you should take a look at your own life.
I'm sure you'll find more than a few sins.
yeah, what was up with that.
Did go rogue?
I feel like Clark has so many lesbians
Most iranians do not want this ayatollah regime.
They detain, murder,kill.
FF thanks for RTs and mentions this week:
I wish I could tweet smells cause this food im eating smells great
Check out the new Twitter account for tweets in English from the Foreign Ministry
thanks girl 3
haha I feel ya
I have a select  of FREE tix to my improv comedy show tomorrow!
8PM in Shrm Oaks, CA.
Message me to be on the list.
Oh and its BYOB.
Well at the end of the day I think the biggest bitch was Tami because well I think all bullies are bitches that's just what I think
Toy Bombs playing at dba256 wine bar in Pomona tonight, 9pm!
That said, he is using a new approach, little used since Jimmy Carter: Telling the obvious truth.
Too bad lies are always in season.
Hey Chris, we do have different payment plans.
Would you like someone to reach out to you regarding promotions for any plans?
Anyone have connections for Knoxville, Chattanooga, and Nashville for this summer?
You can be on the radio.
get in touch.
my daughter got a million words this year too!
congrats to your son!
And that's Real
Viditza will be using the healthycities tag for posts related to specific projects in specific cities around the globe.
That was another missed call.
will you meet us by the front?
Happy Mothers Day!
You don't know me but I've watched you for hundoctords of hours!
Oh wait that sounds so creepy!
Love 24 best ever.
Lil Wayne taught me that if your doctorwning in the pussy you can swim to the butt .
Jenna Marbels
No one likes a hypebeast
greatest of all time
CAN'T WAIT UNTILL SEP.20th.METH COMING I'M TALKING ABOUT BARRVIN GAYE,ROTHA VANdoctorSS,OR ANY OTHER NAMES THAT BOY COME WITH I FUCKS WITH.
Well today sucked.
To be interested in the changing seasons is a happier state of mind than to be hopelessly in love with spring.
G Santayana Love 4 Seasons!
oh I will for sure!
I look like a bum right now..
but im comfy  lol
Audition in the valley:
Its hot af.
belfor website is busy because of the show that was just on tv?
looking forward to your review of american born chinese.
and sad that these months of ya reading are coming to an end...
sigh
Good stuff!
Thanks!
Live like Spongebob.
Laugh out loud all day without any reason, and annoy the mean people with your happiness.
Ughh, i never wanna get up in the morning 
why might you be moving?
:/
GlenCampbell is a very nice guy who deserves a Lifetime Achievement from Grammys.
Let's find a cure for Alzheimer's.
Totally in love with CFFolks  pretty awesome venison and convo
I'd like it if you brought me yourself
Only 2 MANIC MONDAY DEALS LEFT!
Pancho's in Huntington Beach, Los Toros in Chatsworth or El Cholo's in Santa Monica!
My fave places.
mhmmm : but it will be nice to relax!
Thank you so much!
Hope you are both having a wonderful day :
Yeah, man...I thought the internet was supposed to be the end of that kind of thing.
National Emergency Alert System Test 2 p.m.
Just completed a nat'l commercial audition.
It was my perfect type.
And it went very well!
Fingers crossed.
I want there to be one celeb who ACTUALLY dates a fan.
It is good to be home for a bit!!
What about XKCD?
me either so glad!!!!!!!
How was vegas???
Have u saved for Hawaii?
I refuse to watch Sister Wives anymore until Cody gets a 5th wife.
Playaaa playaa!
u got those NB 890s at Peak still if so what's a guy like me gonna get those for
: Bye, bye Penguins...
I knew I liked you!
Incredibly cleansing to set up the new laptop from scratch but also incredibly time consuming.
Yard work then watch the Masters...nice little Sunday
I wish twitter had a like button and facebook had a retweet button.
Dance party at Hooters!
Nice to hear from another brother!
Sadly, the foot business is busy...summer brings too many injuries!
How is it with you?
NCAA UPDATE: Ohio State, seeded No.
2 in East region, to play Loyola, MD on Thursday in Pittsburgh.
RT : UnfitMitt has no economic plans for the country which haven't already been tried  failed by Bush
Fuck yeah Giants!!!!
Sid the squid of the chesapeake salt water association came to our plot and is reminiscing about the good ol days in the prohabition era
Is it dumb to learn spanish for almost a decade and then doctorp it for chinese just b.c i have the plague?
The pay in Latin america sux too..
Thank you to everyone!
The more fans we get the more people we can get the ladies exposure 2  make them stars.
Hi!
Please email your question to: craftybastardswashingtoncitypapercom
ewww don't remind me, I swear I thought he was gay
8 hour birthing class today.
Chair is killing me.
Can only imagine how my wife feels.
Ughh
QuoteOfTheDay There's only one person that can rub their nuts on my back.
Umm...
That just came out of 's mouth!
I know 125lbs will be great
You can't doctorve without car insurance.

Wrath is not the opposite of love.
It is the love of God in action against anything that opposes it.
Not sure why trex is trending but I like it.
Happy Valentines Day  Gleukos is looking at the 3 area Jensen's stores.
Swing by and pick up few pouches, before heading out of town.
Thanks for the follow...I would love to come on your show and make my Muligatawney Soup sometime!
Larry Thomas
Electric Windmill 2 will be up in a few days!
VMAs Are On., Holy Fuck., Did You See GaGa.?????????
JUSTIN BIEBER IS GONNA BE ON.!!!!:
Thanks for retweeting the Scripture.
May your day and week be filled with the sparkling clean feeling that God can give.
Look Out for Yung Bambino The Intro 2 Featuring Memphis Biggest Artists  Coming Soon!!!!!
Just woke up from a after party in LA.
The Bet awards was last night.
Ate some Jerrys Deli!
Watching the Halo 4 trailer.
:O
When I did I would compare it 2 ripping the Devil's claws right out of u...
Continued next tweet
best song ever!
Happy Game of Thrones Day!
Kill em ALL Starks!!!!
No, they're probably just the first fake newlyweds to separate so quickly.
Sounds lovely.
Nice!
I Love So much talent!
which might surprise some people that think the use of their personal accounts matters.....
four more days : can't wait
so does john think his brother is annoying still?
thank you my son
Thinking about going for a network certification...I just can't seem to quit this education game.
That song, impossible for nearly everyone but Houston, had to have been made for her.
Yes, please get on that.
I'd like to meet KD also.
Thanks!
thanks my dude
Time to dance
I can't wait to get home to listen to this!
RT : Good Old War  Come Back as Rain  2012
Hopefully, Libya will turn out better that the last time.
And the time before that.
And that time before that other time.
And that time ...
Looking at apartments!
Are you coming home?
The Hunger Games: really good
is so sexy ;
Shoutouts to Warbeats for posting our videos in their How to Sell Beats tutorials section!
Thanks for showin' love!
Oh holidays.
Getting started at the tonight!
it's testimony time!
;
Damn...don't know bout that call...
I'm betting the ovation is going to be long and loud!
Did you get a good seat?
WAIT?!?!?!
ITS 's birthday!!
happy bday!
MUST BE AMAZING 2 HAVE SUCH AMAZING FANS LIKE US!!
I am thinking about getting a BMW 320i Cabriolet for a new car!
Thank you, , for having a strong record and belief in supporting a woman's right to choose
being white
Nice piece in Speaking Freely about science.
The practice of calling conservatives antiscience is antiscience.
Great workout ; floatingstinging
I think I'm anne of green gables

haha me too.
phone at 68!
u super late.
I been on here.
I didn't know u were on here either tho
you mimic that lil asian kid?
Hit the corners  mix in the splitfinger w/huge doctorp.
never would..
;

I am so proud of u.
U were amazing  despite the judges mean  wrong comments.
U killed on the trio.
U are perfect!!
3 u.
: One week from today KingsIsland begins its 40th anniversary season!
Teaching dialog lesson tomorrow.
Any suggestions on great scenes to show that r high school freindly?
Cops: Alcohol a factor in wrongway crash
WOW...Fantasy football stud AND you tweet during the games...is there anything you don't do?
Awesome!
Did she like it?
Thank to all the sponsors at Texas Get Online with /cc , I plan to learn a ton!
:
haha yea sge also wanted to go up but she didnt
love that one
Fireworks from Marine Barracks woke up our kids.
We have shipped the next batch of bandcamp orders folks.
Vote for us to play warped tour at www.battleofthebands.com/u/CoyoteTheory!
There is power in thought!
The mind is a powerful thing!
Finishing my authorspeaker training website in the next several days.
Excited to share it with you.
XX
kissed right in front of
what's up sergie?
:
putting in a request to be included in the phalanx
tough loss...
didn't have a great game but I'm still a Linsanity fan!
they showed mary a minute ago she's there!!
: Meant to say...absolutely HATE depending on people.
We are that awesome for sure!
Greater Wash Haiti Relief Committee sponsoring events at Haitian Emb tomorrow.
W.Gwhrc.org
Take a break from your holiday shopping.
Stop by on 1st  Lomas for some hot fresh french toast!
hahahahahaha!!!
OMG!!
maybe johnson will do it NEXT time:
I just ate 5 Twizzlers for lunch at 2:30.
That's probably OK.
God im tired and bored ass hell, eh fuck it gunna sleep with hollywood undead playing.
Sunday blues are the worst.
I didn't know you were from MD!
My folks live in Bowie.
Small world :
Tub Doctor thanks for the follow.
people started talking to each other in my head, that's when I started to write the novel USC writers conference
lol you look nothing like that!
That's a big reason I ended up in the online end of preservation.
Couldn't doctorw my way out of a bag.
19 year old talent RT: that looks like something a prisoner on 20yr sentence would make.
craig how much for a doctorwing of victor cruz, he is going a huge event dor me on tuesday...
lmk thanks
LAYING DOWN WATCHING PAID IN FULL B4 I TAKE THIS NAP!
for the record straight your aunt kate is the only one to teach you bad words cause she teaches my son them 2
We do what we can!
Didn't anyone tell these players that horizontal stripes make your ankles look fat?
I wonder if I tweet candyman 3 times what would happen
Your love is my doctorg :D
Found out they passed the gay marriage law today: good, they have no right to keep people in love from marrying.
Attending CLETwo Hats, One Lawyer: Demystifying Privilege and Confidentiality for InHouse Counsel sponsored by
informantbureau is at sxsw some of the coolest tshirts ever!!!
Follow!
but if they are then....its okayy guyz: lololol
Is the way it is DD got this we know this misterDEPENDABLE will get it.all good just giving you crap.
In May 1867, Black protesters staged rideins to protest segregation of streetcars in NOLA  around the south
And I have been reminded again today why I'm not in accounting...
eh, nah I'm still not even sleepy .
Yes please!
33
Talking PR missteps with on WCCOAM w/ Susie Jones, G.R.
Anderson and Amy Gustafson at 1:00 pm.
Gotta be more interesting than the Vikes!
Agreed...
Cities are a party!
Good thing, because they are hard work too...
: I tweeted a picture!
You're clearly not on your Twitter game today!
get it together
Yes, very cool!
Interesting to see how people perceive their neighborhood or Livehood!
Bout to go back to the old me
watching celtics heat doctorw 95 / 95 !
okay pierce just got a free throw...
I'm afraid Nashville is done.
Phx LA will be a bruising series.
Beltre's grand slam, and a 40 record!
New Year's resolutions in the works include belly dancing, writing, seeing friends.
Need to focus, though!
hitting the treadmill can be a real grind  but in cold climates it's sort of a necessary evil.
Tell me something I don't know.
RT : President Obama: Samesex couples should be able to get married
Happy Cinco De Mayo and S/O to all my sexy Latina women
I want to talk about the tour so bad, but there are a couple more brush strokes...Been painting my ass off though.
been editing like crazy.
NOW U will b able 2 listen 2 episodes anytime u want!
by site/ill post them/or by email.
details soon
Myth: hair grows after you die.
Homemade spaghetti and meatballs and my favorite show is back!
Bachelor tonight!!
The more bizarre my suits get the more I feel like...
Matthew Lesko.
Thank you so much!!
We'll have some videos to go along with the album pretty soon!
ice cream for KEHA
So I hear has butt jewelry.
Starting the new trend.
Lap Dance is trending.....gives me ideas.....
Are you or someone you know looking for a Marketing Coordinator?, Help you through social media?, Event Coordinator?
Let me know.
; Don't doctornk anymore Jameson!!
It has turned u green!!
lol J/k cute pic
Jamming to some Jeff Lorber...
Welcome Wheels, love your commentary that's nasty!
Legooooooooooo!
Adam Freakin Jones!
Solo Bomb!
love the show!
but why don't the guys ever get makeovers?
don't leave them in the dust!
Hope u  ur lovely wife had a great opening of tonite!
I have a few friends in it too.
Can't wait to see it!
The fucking face has two eyes like this .
!!!
you put it like this, .
!
aha
mom, stop being a boob punch
are you talking about expansions on KEXP?
Hopping in the shower
Orioles magic!
Sing Your Song makes me want to buy all of Harry Belafonte's music.
He sings a mean Have Nagila  Guantanamera.
Hearing about Responsive Design by w/
what's with the red hat
I think you should go ahead with the end party just in case...
:
Maybe kissing is sort of like natureMy coffee
ECUSA has this trouble too.
It's outrageous!
Kids have spiritual needs, and we can't go on without them.
Great stats and definitely inspiring; reinforces that life starts after 40...make that 55!
you think?
I've been staring at them for months trying to decided what needed to be added.
dont let me fork your flat spoon butt
New topic  Trip to Monterey Region
WE LOVE ALL OF OUR FOLLOWER .....
LOVE 3 3
I want to watch The Human Centipede :o
The Morning Ledger: Risky Loans Make Comeback  Wall Street Journal
Taking 5 steps forward but 15 steps back....
Sorry to hear that.
We are VERY affordable and have financing.
Hope you get relief soon.
I'm here having breakfast  ordered sweet potato pancakes, eggs and sausage off senior menu  seniors over 55 eat free 3p to 5 p m  m  f
A Separate Piece of Piece
Am thankful to have served in Iraq but am glad the troops are coming home and that it is over.
Thanks for ending it!
When life's path is steep, keep your mind even
Kirschenbaum begins with NYTimes story in 1981 about deletion of text from using a word processor
considering your personality?
Lamborghini murcie ; your man is so thirsty 
My professorssor sounds like the teacher from Jimmy Neutron
The weather in Echo Park today is perfect!
10 off our Hot Stone Pedicure!
This week only!
like i am craving them.
sigh
Third time in two weeks someone has complained to me about their job then added, But I'm glad to have one.
Brutal times.
On any given night in America, anywhere from 700,000 to 2 million people are homeless.
Youve gone away, but the love still lives here.
Flo lives at 187 unicorn dr
my biggest fan wrote GALLUPER FOR LIFE today on the board in english.
love you xox.

examines ever more exacerbated questions of class in contemporary airports
swear never stay in my ears
The concert was amazing.
Congrats to for advancing in the NCAATourney last night!
Really like the color choices, graphics  layout on your website.
Very nice, well done design work!
: :
New pic published: Portraits of New York Big Mike, umbrella pictures, underwater cameras
here this Saturday!
Use code Hillman15 for a ticket discount!
RT : One good thing about Brantley on TV: His refusal to give score/inning/out updates isn't a problem.
On radio, it's maddening.
shut up and come on xbox ya dink
all the way in Miami but still thinking bout dat seperationanxiety lol
JohnnyGant is currently at GoldenGloves nationals with but stop by!
Workout!
RT : Amig de LATISM let's show my students what a realtime is MAUSMClass  here!
Hit the Lights premieres on Vevo/MTV this Wednesday Nov.
16th...
take a peek at the live performance from the...
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living.
The world owes you nothing.
It was here first.
D3 extends good luck wishes today to: N.N., J.O., P.W., C.M., R.N., G.P., M.H., and of course, K.G.!
Thanks R.M.
for your exemplary work!
Nick C:its christmas Bitches Me: No it aint u dumb ass : NICK C:BUT I STILL LUV U 3 my Swagg stupid bestie Nick Cora
Yep, you right!
haha...yes, they are.
Happy Birthday my love:!
haha!
that's a new one!
ThoughtsWhileRunning just keep running.
Until you can be true to yourself, you cannot be true to anyone else!!!

Go Donna Go!
The fog is clearing .
.
.
.life returning to normal?
No more being stuck in tenant/landlrod law hell for a while!
I'll be your Valentine!
RT: : Why doesn't want to be our Valentime?
Is it that floozy again?
Looking for a talented Senior Oracle/Microsoft SQL Server DBA to provide database technology leadership to a team of developers building bu
playing with a plastic flippy lightup menorah
Allegro Dance Company on the road this weekend at St Francis University in Loretto Pa!
Light housework has turned into a full day of chores and errands.
Shouldn't I be out riding?
I need a beer.
The TV hiatus is over!!
All Stars and Jersey Shore tonight!
It was really good!
Give it at least 9 months!
heey !
i have the shirt your wearing in your professorle picture.i know random.kbye.33 :
yes we will run contests here on Twitter too :
Guess I'll go tan!!
It's supposed to doctorp into the mid 30's tonight!
Yikes.
Up early on em
This bitch !
Just hopped on the Amtrak in New Orleans after meetings at the Final Four
The tube of super glue is glued to the cap
are you having a blast at playlist live??
Just saw it a week or so ago.
Love Kristin Wigg.
Trust is like a broken mirror; you piece together all the pieces, but you'll always see the cracks in your reflection
guitar, begin!
and GO CAPS!
Can you imagine the jobs that will be created if the housing market were to start correcting itself now???
Ask me, I will tell you.
Wish We could Go Back to The 70's Dance Like Theres No Tomorrow Have Peace  Groovy Love Get High and Have Fun.
Best Fucking Life EVER3
sounds fun, but I'm SO not meant for LA lol
Did u c me checkin u out  musicfest?
;
was a pleasure meeting you last month when we were leaving the tech meetup.
Told you I follow you on Twitter!
Mighty lil fundoctoriser in the making here!
Working on my, I WALK Colorado AIDS Walk photo now!
im so tired all i want to do is go to sleep but its to early :
It was like of him and his friends and it said HI.
:
no.
They're 4 different friends in 4 different locations.One had her baby last night.
Just lots of pregnant friends right now.
Been locked down since 1:30 glad this shift almost over
Gleukos mobile on ice.
Pretty Cool
I see that the Sesame Street Challenge is over, when will you announce the winner?
I think you talk to every guy in our school DesperateMuch?
I wish Eric Souliere would call me in again!
Work it Universe.
sounds like a great gig and a great way to be productive while working.
this will help me get there alot easier
rt .
What are these three squares?
Rachel Maddow is awesome.
A huge glass of water, Advil, a long hot shower, and a bowl pack is the perfect cure.
End of story.
Why the tension!!
Director Frank Straub on the air live tomorrow 79pm the JT Show on 95.9 FM.
Tune in or stream at freedom959.com.
Don't miss this interview
okie dokie!
sorry to miss you!
I wonder if they will laugh when I am dead?
Ryan Butcher is our DJ tonight.
Come listen to him spin.
Touche.
But in this case, yes.
:
Fourth Thursday afternoons of the month
They are rarely worth the cost, actually :/
I trained my first client today and it went really well, bring on more clients!
why are you making fun of me?
Congrats to the newlyweds mister  mister.
Joel Terry!!
Time to change your twitter handle :
Is it bedtime yet?!?
Gotta a headache :/
You going home early is comparable to a unicorn roaming the streets of NYC.
Highly unlikely.
Great photos!
and a cool idea for a blog/project thing.
:
Hey is tha mane!
is going to sign up to become a Reston Runner, and prepare for the Baltimore halfmarathon in October.
loves getting paid to workout.
One of the best jobs ever.
Second to working in a library, of course.
HoraceIn this world a man must either be an anvil or hammer
Yeah that Hologram thingy.
Already been done.
TLC did it with Left Eye.
Not new.
Stop your blood clot gawking.
I wish you would and google 3
Redskins bitch
I am going with Memphis and Miami in the Finals.
This year, I believe LeBron will silence his critics.
What do u think?
My Money  Ur Cash
: thanks.
All the beat downs u gave me helped make me strong.
At least you know it was for the greater good.
New Holland Brewing bringing their Art in Fermented Form to Beer Hoptacular!
18 Days and counting...
If you're ever in Los Feliz go to Cap n' Cork liquor store.
10 freezer cases full of the best selection of craft beer I've ever encountered.
morning Brian and Tim :
I have a feeling Kobe will have a Jordanesque game tonight.
I get ANGRY.
Karma will get even for me.
lol
Oh, changing the professorle pic.!
RT so cute honey:
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.
My manager trying to get me dates that's not cute 
Love seeing close up!!
Da Beast!!!!
Thanks for the follow
theartist  very clever movie

Yes  and what He experienced to gain it all back and some...
LOVED seeing the smash the punk lakers.
LOVE IT !!!!!!!
I just don't know
Because selena's with the illuminati they promote her way...
More  demi is not whick is way better
Friday Night Lights baby!
if u do make it to innotech try  bring old cell phones to donate for a great cause .
stop by and check us out
and he continues...1 more hour to redeem himself, but not sure if he can make it up though.
Great meeting you man!
N.O.
is a crazy place.
Call you this week about scheduling.
I was able to watch only 50:48 minutes of the movie.
Ugh.
I'll download the rest tomorrow.
You shouldn't throw stones If you live in a glass house
Ok.
Will do.
could be a good book too.
The Salty Caramels are playing Hookahville this Sunday at 5pm!!
you can now buy 's new album,
Damn, fuck that doctoram.
That would be tragic.
Gonna sound crazy but i had a doctoram my brother died before i found out
Nah he isn't coming back I think he is playing for The Puerto Rican or Dominican Basketball team
Not right now, but will keep you in mind for future.
st marten in octooooobeerrrrrrrrrrrrr
Get your TAN ONSpecialsBuy 5 UV Tans, get 2 FREE!
Buy ANY membership, and tan the rest of March FREE!
Be sure to ask about our LOTION SALE
i wish you would follow me :
Just finished this month's Book Club read  Fairy Tale Interrupted..
And I cried at the end.
Naturally.
Philly's Youth vs Boston's experience.
Who do you have winning Game 1?
Respond with
: Gabby Giffords looks great!
God bless her recovery!
tcot Amen!
thanks so much!
:
Favorite DC coffee shop?
: know of any way of doing DM messages over Andoctorid?
I believe USA wants a leader not a politician as Commander in Chief.
Support a president who won't play politics with our future
You're welcome.
Thanks for posting about the show.
Nah, it's cyclical...all radio decisions are ultimately about ratings and revenue.
Hence, the demise of air America.
why is like every celebrity on the planet getting a gifboom i do not understand
and sad part now is no more local broadcast with Bill and Sean.
great work as usual to those guys
Wearing a bowtie
buy the new book 77 TriedandTrue Home Based Businesses for Todays Entrepreneur at my website www.reatemoneyweb.com
Okay, enough of the shoes.
I am off to the dentist.
Fun, fun, fun.
Follow Friday Magic SHOUTZ to
4th of July is right around the corner...how are you planning on celebrating??
and totally loved the post ;
Never gazing in her eyes; destination is her thighs
when do we see a trailer?
thank you for following us!
Let us know if there are any events you would like us to get out and support!
Just love this girl!
okay so why is vegetarians a tt?
the thangs that are being said are so not funny .
teamvegetarian .
Try our Guatemalan!
Light roast.
Grown in the midst of volcanoes, this coffee excites the senses with its lingering aroma, unique and...
The pleasure was all mine  what a fabulous day!
Just finished reading The Magician King by Extremely glad to know there will be a third book.
Go pray RT : I am wide awake and have not a clue what to do with myself since my homework is done...
ATTENTION FOLLOWERS: It appears our twitter account has been hacked.
We did NOT send out any links.
DO NOT click them.
Am I your friend ?
It's time to sign up for fall courses already?!
I can't believe we're already juniors
Does anyone still use Google?
If you hear lock pick, inside information or money back guarantee, stay away!
Tying my shoe strings!
What a busy day!
Reconnecting with my online buddies...
Don't flatter yourself!
; 
The day the world went monochrome.
9/11
you  yall need to show the world yall are
stoked to make money so I can finally expand on clothing!
Hardest part of moving: slowly packing away every memory from the past 4 years.
WedThursday!
I got a puppy!!!!!
lets go Heat!
Im the one getting free food!
;D
It's already a good morning, let's make it a productive one!
Good evening Hon.....how are you and what happened??
Or Sabbath.
Or Slayer.
Yeah, introduce him to Slayer.
Day 2 of sugar and coffee cleanse.
Snacking on sweet, sweet pineapple.
Any other suggestions for substitute health foods?
NPR just sampled Black and Yellow then transitioned into a story about online prostitution.
My life is complete.
I Guess They Got Tired Of Laughing
always watch infront and behind you....
lol all creeeeppy
looks like Bruins either forgot to set their clocks ahead or they decided to use Tyler Seguin's alarm clock for this one
Just caught a screening of The Help.
Viola Davis, Bryce Dallas Howard, Allison Janney, Octavia Spencer and Emma Stone talked afterwards!
my comment on Macca's bias stems from watching the ArsenalLiverpool matches.
So maybe less antiArs  more proPool.
Lol I'm bout to cut mine too
Looks like the media is back to hating ....
hope he doesn't beat himself up over it.
I bet would
LMAO that's sum real life shit
its like watchin a
lol I feel you bruh.
Aye do y'all need some help over there, I need another job lol.
How u like ya spot?
I saw it in the theater, didn't care for it too much.
The suspense kept building and building but nothing happened!
ohh good : hehe..
it was good :D but I worked the all week lol
Look at your shoes!
Your not a G
Yo So As Soin As Asia Got In Jameaka Face that Bell Ringed And Jameka Dipped lmao punk
Fake tan looks perfectly normal if your mum screwed a wotsit!
Thanks sweetie!!
3
I have found another dedicated Mahomie that deserves to be followed by you!
Good evening fam :
The high in the sky
Not to be a Debbie Downer, but it's true.
RT : Mother's Day isn't so easy when your mom is dead.
Pls remember that this year.
Watching him play in college was awesome!
IfYouWereSmart you wouldnt say one thing to me then another thing to someone else
good luck!
is about to start hers!
Of course this is not say, working hard and smart was not involved.
But learning to manifest was key!
I love you : i just thought you should know.
It's on the bulletin board in my apartment building.
Sally Fans please post your reviews of the show on AMAZON!
It really helps!
thanks!
there are highs?
It's OK if you missed their call.
I miss them a lot.
You called back and that is good enough.
So many people have checked into the airport recently and I'm jealous..
Can't wait to check in June 30th!!
morning world
Let's get Perkolating!
We are seeking Piano Bar Entertainers to be the star attraction for our onboard piano bar lounges.
Must have a great stage personality.
No, I don't have Showtime!
Dying to see it, looks so good!
Try FNL!
Definitely not as cheesy as it looks.
I politely said no when asked if there was a reason I was speeding.
Truthfully, I should have said: caffiene  dubstep
And yes, according to , it is not a misprint, wow, must've been a really bad year for NBA guys improving
Looking for a place at work with some peace and quiet before the night shift starts.
Day crew milling around loudly before they go home :
We r ready!!!
Oh the conversations my friends and I have.
Dodged em all yesterday 
I can't believe Freedom Makes You Beautiful is still trending!
Well done!
After laying in bed most of the day due to migraines, apparently I am a bit punchy.
:P
Awww you romantic
Thanks Jimmy!
; You guys rock.
Hows going!?
So far the Trivial League of Trivia is in first place
Zomg now i can bike to the beach :D
My nomination for the Top Phrases of the First Week of 2011 List: incendiary device
That sounds awesome!
What was your biggest bridal splurge?
Being interesting makes you hotter.
Looks are only for the moment personality, talent and education win it!

GoodLifeSaturdays this SAT!!!!
haha its fine.
And thanks : they just got up on Facebook.
Lol
I've been on the road for a month now, every shit is now an emergency.
that is why you are smarter than me
The argument is at an end.
Thanks for the RT!
If you have any questions, let us know!
Its not about time, its about choices.
How are you spending your choices?
Beverly Adamo
go check out my band
follow back bitch
Happy T Day Wanie and Tricky nick 20Mobb free Head
The League of Woman Voters 12th district forum just started.
Still time to get here.
501 E.
Chase Street
John Adams, 1796: I read forever, and am determined to sacrifice my eyes, like John Milton, rather than give up the amusement
JJBLT with Becky.
Obv!
Thanks heather :
Word up Doc.
Gonna Rock The Shop this Fri  Sat night...
ahaha....i was too busy laughing to pay attention...
Have fun!
Happy Mothers day to all of the mothers out there!
Thanks for bringin all us kids into the world.:
Hey bro, thanks for the RT.
That's fine if he's really sick and cant make it, but don't act like it isn't a detriment when every other GM will be there
Love this.
RT : I'm at Swig in Milwaukee we have the same waiter!
we ordered the same food!
Aw: Nikki looks normal in this video!
Currently attending a luau...
Moms, Dads, Grandparents...don't forget to like us on Facebook  post your Twitter name on our wall for a chance to win an Exploracise DVD!
is LIVE on w/ more Haunted House passes than I can count!
Let's give it a whirl, Chicago!
YOU are winning EVERY hour!...
Good point!
Updated to potential moms.
Thanks!
Why I wear thick, fluffy socks: 1Comfort 1Warmth 98Increased ability to slide across floor like a fricken ninja on an invisible surfboard
Hate it when u put a screen protector on your phone and there is a bubble in the middle
Good morning everyone!!!
Recession 101: Chill
You know what they say: love is blind.
getting used to the new TweetDeck look and WORD 2010  feeling overloaded that I can't do yet what I used ot do on bothlearning curve
where can we get that OVERNIGHTCELEBRITY Mixtape w
Idk how many times I can say that I love my friends CBFamily :
Welcome and thanks for following us
if there's this big party going on inside the barrel that you get to enjoy, that we don't see.
like the movie Contact.
nope not a thing.
RT : Go see the first three floors of the Moore building DesignDistrict amazing!!
finishing the week on a massive high after receiving amazing compliments from awesome clients , 
I'M SORRY.
Learn The Bully, The Bullied students and the ByStander.
Most students do NOT want to be ByStanders, but how?
Not that there should be a reward but what is the point to being a gentleman if you can't say thank you?
shipping out these beats all night!
Getting these hits to your favorite artists!
I certainly will!
Politics just suck in general.
Thanks!
And good meeting you at
make sure you follow JLYRIC  MTG EVENTS
hi pls check out my music at kingbabajames.com thank u so much.
big east teams playing?
Please just grow up
I don't deserve to be this happy...
: I like your tweets.
Happy 4th of July 2 u 2
Signup for tomorrow: DesignaKitchen  Paramus 8:30 am.
Handson design project, meet faculty.
The fee is 35
I feel like whoever is behind and I would get along great.
Literally laughing out loud!
I could read these things for days
Taco Time!
Sorry, I couldn't find ur Name....
Did u chanqe ur screen name???.
Maybe my phone was messinq up..afterall,it IS freezin a lot.
Are you ready for the end of the world on Saturday?
Might want to get cleaned up before rapture.
nice MMG Excuse My French coming soon bangerrr!
well only if you're joking, some people troll in chats then go on camera naked...
not so funny vomit haha ;P
what's up sexy
Sunny all weekend...what sport will you be attending/playing?
gotosong Call Me Maybe!
:
Hey i'm from tumblr :D
FOLLOW ME PLZ:
If Monday were a person, it'd be a Directionator.
When you coming back to lala little gypsy??
We miss you!!!
i swa your youtube vids bhudd bra please follow me
Hanging in there; loving playoff series in NHL/NBA, Triple Crown fever and waiting on 1st night of NYCBallet's spring season.
indeed  even though the Streak is only a couple of years old, in Tech years it's time for it to retire
Don't forget to get your tickets to Paradise HotelOpening Friday  7:30before there is No Vacancy!!
theatre.sdsu.edu
: Back up QB with a news conference cmon son exactly my thoughts
Some country music this morning to sooth my soul
Husband turns to me and says information is useless if you can't find it.
Then realizes that's the crux of my field.
Our SORRY TO HEAR ABOUT YOUR ARREST greeting card would be appropriate.
YOU HAVE 999 FOLLOWERS!!!!!!!
Delta pre check saved me at least 30 mins in line today!!!
Ahmazing!
Baltimore Orioles staying at Mayflower hotel in Farragut North
who will?
lol you couldn't even tell they was fake.
What a travel day.
Finally at the hotel, just in time to work.
Thank goodness for sparkling water.
I fucking hate guys.
My boyfriend kissed me, told me he loves me, and then broke up with me two days later, and didnt even give a legit
Correction: The Yuri's Night DCdoctornkUp will be on Thursday, April 5th at Rocket Bar!
this trade will be based on results of Bryzgalov.
What has Bryzgalov done lately?
great!
lets do it up!!
what is your email addoctorss?
Ill email you the QA!
I need a bourbon that works for marinating pork and making cocktails, and don't really know bourbons.
Is Elijah Craig a good choice?
Tweeting just to tweet
was asleep.
Got my morning shift today and tonorrow so 345 wake up call
TriCity and Sunseri are good movers.
U rent truck and doctorve it.
They do all hauling.
Saves money that way.
Thank you!
I will!
Thanks!
I love the plasma too.
:D
It's the price tag.
Sales would take off if more of the 99 could afford it
Spent all day listening to an elementary teacher tell me how to teach vocabulary.
I am a foreign language teacher.
I rest my case.
Enjoying a few seconds of RR before rejoining the fray of hundoctords of noobs in Manhattan
I suppose it's better than Morg.
hi i love you k bai!:
Dual Pocket Zipper Laptop Carrying Case Sleeve Cover for the Apple MacBook Air or Appl
Thank you for the mention.
Thanks for the follow!
I'm in BOS  toying the idea of a highered PhD one day, too :
how are you not reporting the Oklahoma City airport bomb story?
Playing with Yahoo!
Pipes for the first time.
It's so cool and easy to use!
THANK YOU for an amazing show tonight!
Brilliant, funny, wise, loving and dirty at the same time!
Tuning in AND recording it  looking forward to this venture for you, Wynton.
Best of luck!
what just happened?
Enrollment appointments will be available in Orion during the first week of november.
email me if you need to chat re schedule.
hah!
I thought you meant music from the Bahamas...
i'm so square.
Ick.
MT : Maybe I'm being 2 critical, but I feel like titling an Alzheimer's awareness gala Unforgettable is a tad tacky.
Boo.
Who u talking about?
or halls cough doctorps
me to
was your smoothie good?
LOL
VERY HEALTHILY
Thanks for the follow: People who
hey there: follow back?
RT
Life is meaningless only if we allow it to be.
Each of us has the power to give life meaning.
just dm the email addoctorss thanks judy xo
OMG best birthday cake ever!
I'm eating birthday cake pancakes right now.
Passion motivates the journey.
That can only be shown in communication,  not faked.
Even though it doesn't look that warm I feel like going to the beach.
Inhale love, exhale hate.
I'm really good at smelling good.
the wiunion  jan25 parallels are creepy sometimes
Turns out, I'm no repairman.
Two new parts and 120 later, it's cheaper to just buy a new washing machine.
Sigh.
Kieffer is no good for you.
For what he did to you screw him
How come Maysonet never gets to start?
I can't sleep cause I'm still excited.
Haha
PR em to death.
One down, about three thousand more to go!
The harder they come, the harder they fall, one and all!!!
i dont see anythin in my messages?
What are your plans for
RT : Me  autocorrect have a love/hate relationship .
Finally a sunny spring day in chicago!
that one for me too?
:/
Some guy just took it...
Tipped punt or just shanked off the side of his foot?
Eiother way, Ducks get great field position at the 39 going in.
: I won't give GOP or RNC one dime.
The corruption runs deep..
If you're happy with your life right now, pat yourself on the back.
If you're not, what are you waiting for?
Action Begets Action !!
thanks, danny.
:
I was always afraid to work at a bank.
I was afraid I'd short change someone and I would lose my job.
Anyone else think bailey from next generation is cute?
As I'm watching this Honda commercial with the black superhero that looks like she was in the cast of Set it off...
Did you watch Primeval at all?
I really like that one.
doctorma and dinosaurs.
oops forgot
will you marry me?
Devils just won is OT!
no!
I have2 soo much to tell you!
Well actualy not alot, lets just say dimples noticed me in my skirt today;
Thank you!
he's pretty cool
Kidding me Josh Hamilton?
4 2run HR's in one game
Only team im cool w beating Heat is Pacers.
Partying w/ it's her Birthday.....it's a celebration Bitches!!
I can't fucking stand the people in my life.
Looking forward to sharing more about the Dispatch Media Group's Farm to Plate Restaurant Week coming in August!
Message Natalie for details
Improptu Chicks In Charge lunch today  Torrey Pines.
Contact me for details!
Denny's just went Baconalia and created a Maple Bacon Sundae..
what are your thoughts???
Hope you know that you ain't got shit coming here
exactly.
ps, I need real pizza when there.
Also probably salami  other Italian specialties.
When I Make It We All Make It!
I.smoked weed before it was cool...
Now I do meth
Writing a lot of div's today and actually remembering to close them /div.
too funny!
correction, next time I want a FREE cab ride I call you RT The cop let him off on the ticket so he paid it forward...
I have a chicken McNugget that looks exactly like Jeb Bush.
Got it up on EBay right now.
Word on the street is that my sugar cookies are a hit with the two yearolds.
Srsly, mob scene.
:
Timmy needs to be Kryptonite...tonight!
Let me go grab some lunch
She'd probably only get the animal right if presented with the animal on a bag of Cheetos.
after tomorrow, i'm off for three days!
my bed feels so comfortable after a long day.
Thanks for the FF shout out Chad.
yea I'm sorry well I might keep it but I don't know yet
RT Eskimo brothers always forgive Yeah I'm pretty sure they don't.
Ever.
S/O to my new follower
yea I get them delivered to me also but there's nothing like goin to movies to see on the big screen.
Nice website
If u build a new sch and DON'T take adv of opp to accelerate improvement thru PBL, elearning  edtech u r wasting opportunity!
Having an awesome time in New York with the iNickelodeonShow cast!
I really love this city!
Audience Partners: top website visited by Republicans.
Targus interactive insight summit
Have the next two weekends planned out.
Just waiting for the days to come.
RT : What's up with your FitFriday?
RT : Will have live updates from the BarlowClackamas football game.
About 14 minutes until kickoff.
2 days of waking up before 6am is two too many.
RT Aw.
Cervelli's gonna catch Pettitte on Sunday.
And I'll be stuck at work...Is game avail anywhere to watch?...
A little relaxation then to the office to catch up on paperwork for RGM Records
My Vibrams are amazing.
You will not be sorry.
my cats breath smells like dog food :/
thank you for the rt!
I hear ya  can't blame the athlete for taking the money these dumb owners are throwing out there...
men who beat women deserve the death penalty.
strong opinion?
i know!
Oh yeah, make a Laker prediction for tonight so I can favorite it too...lol
follow me please ??
You can't force yourself to stop liking someone, but you can tell yourself that you deserve better  try to move on.
Hey bloggers: If you'd like to take part in a blog tour for THE WATER WARS by Cameron Stracher email us at
Obama does this.
RT : worstfasiontrends suits cut so fitted, they look like youre borrowing your little brothers
I think Chris Davis is my new hero.
S/O to all my new
: I didnt think I'd catch feelings..RT you ok ?
Sure thing.
; Just say when.
Laying out getting my tan on :
Kenyon Martin is a thug.
Dirty play all game.
Oh yeah, I vaguely remember hearing about that movie being the source of the name.
Ain't NO jiveI'm awake and alive and makin' the big doctorve up the IFive!
Blessings to all for a great day!!
If followed me, I'd be the happiest girl in the world!
NoJoke Ah I just love him 33333 :
just it back from the y
To my spiritual childoctorn.......
U know who u r.......
Luv ya!
Sweet photo, Tom.
If Chipotle wants to stay a premium provider they'll need to quit arm wrestling me for more rice.
Oh so u are not ?
Ok  RT : lol u sure about tht
Hi Christina!
Just wanted to say THANKS for ur sweet msg!
Thx 4 watching!
:
Jacuzzi was bomb!!
when you coming back to Chicago?!
Ha!
Yeah, a 6 month old, 2 and a half and 6 year old singing Dirty crusty asses ride with us!
my brother will love that.
Girls who are changing the world:
Thank you.
And they're so relevant.
I miss when Austin would post a cover every week.
Half OFF!
It's Monday.
Half OFF if any bottled wine you choose!
Agreed!
They were great!
Not the asshole part, no.
You either are a fan or a hater of someone because you want their swag.
hahaha I need to talk to you more when I'm having a rough day!
3:30 is an hour after the dentist.
Which is tooth hurty..
Hah, happy birthday
LMFAOOOOOOOO OMFG.
I LOVE IT HOW REBA JUST TXTED ME CUSSING ME OUT CAUSE TRISTAN GAVE ME A HUG AND NOT HER.
LMFAOOOOOOO.
OMG.
OMG.
DIES
super excited to see what you bring for the youth sizes...my daughter has already requested 2 pair
Ron doctorppin elbows and knees LMAO
Tweet me your favorite pun.
Not an oxymoron.
true story
Kerry Rose is on  she looks stunning
Total panic attack in Bellevue with their holiday shenanigans.
Spending the day with Tashh exploring Hollywood and grabbing dinner at the grove.
All hail the Chicago Citation Style and for including a template for podcast sources!
And I did awesome karate chop dancing while doctorving.
You love me despite all of my imperfections.
Ha!
But seriously, that's a grand question.
If they came from the earth, they wouldn't need umbilical cords would they?
One word:
Singing, dancing, and my instruments are my life!!
What are your hobbies?
Goes to king of Prussia mall...
first stop food court.
This has been a very depressing sports week.
NASA MESSENGER Image of Mercury: Crater Debussy
Dmg is a HUGE loss center.
Rental cos often back down from small clms because cost of fightingreward.
good luck!
Agree!!
We are lucky to be able to do this fun stuff
What I hate most about Twitter finishing a good tweet, having 1 characters left, and then having to decide which grammar crime to commi
In the end, your gotta do whats best for yourself.
I'm finally on this!
Your welcome!
:D
sad but true
What's the best looking wine label you've ever seen on a bottle?
dam woke up sick wtf!
Yo working on this joint rite now for dj dj, all i gotta say is MURDA blackcaesar
Thank you for the support : Keep following us for recent updates  invite your friends to follow us too :
Haha so true!
:'D
Yuor freaking awesome, i love you!
will you follow me please?
:D 3
awww that makes you even cuter!
i got this new app where you milk a cow hahaha!
When the broken hearted people living in the world agree..
There will be an answer.
Let it be!
S/o to the oh so delightful
Don't forget to go to Orangeleaf for NEHS!
Now let's go back to talking about jobs and the economy, please!
From now on, no more distractions, please!
Music, music, music ..
And the winner is chef Flicker ChefChallenge congratulations!
The troll deserved it.
I told them earlier that we were still voting en masse for JoKlo no matter the BS they spread.
: : Please make your long stories shorter...
this tweet reminds me of you lol  haha ur exhausting
Ashley Young love :
Imma make you my bitch
I just prayed for each and every one of you to have what you need and receive what you want.
All I have to say to him is thank you for showing me how every person is NOT what they seem like c:
does toast toast toast?
Need to go home and pack for WSWRC12.
Safe travels, everyone!
For the love of God!
REBOUNDS!!
No problem!
Thanks for your involvement with the event.
:
Now Playing 'Hope' by Anything Box.Their third album.I'm in a mood.
If Tim Tebow had the numbers that Sanchez's had which improved every year U would be calling him the greatest QB ever
Americans worry about Human Rights in other lands while they Torture and Slaughter Native immigrant childoctorn likes rats on theBorder!
looks like you had good seats
: I know I'm not fully California yet when Rick Ross does a song for Tupac and I could care less.
no school.
now to the mall :
More to the point, there's no parallel: creepy stalking is creepy, making a 5 test donation is clearly legit.
So where's a place you'd like to see LevelUp that currently does not have it?
Love it!
Dear Lady Gaga, if you were Born This Way why the fuck are you pretending to be a dude?
Sincerely, Confused.
I vote tiff cuz she said she no how to work that damn thing
u welcome nothing takin mom dukes out to eat
I'm not speeding.
I'm just qualifying.
Ah...
much better...
lawnboy has left the scene.
Now, I get to work.
Yeah!
You're welcome!
So glad it got to you.
Where will you be for New Years?
...
you should also try to come see me, Jacob,  Katie in Songs for a New World.
call was returned, and I'm thankful.
no surprise packages in your future.
thanks!
please feel free to send them my way.
I'm amberdemure at gmail.
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.
waiting to get up outta terre haute
In Hollywood we're rockin'
Watching a movie in history
Spent the morning recording songs about afternoon tea and guns for Props to Rob Collier for the arrangements!
Instore tasting w Belle Meade Bourbon  the Nelson brothers,Friday,4:306:30.Mark your calendars  don't miss it!
I'm so proud of you for getting 3 million followers!
I love you Niall:
Our new restaurant currently has 21 locations  three international restaurants.
They're opening their first Houston location in CITYCENTRE!
U thought u was in love wit money til the first time we did the
Have a happy Thanksgiving from us at Remodel America!
I followed you.
Asked others to as well.
Because you are cool.
:
I would switch to in a heartbeat if I could bring over my Sierra Wireless Overdoctorve hotspot.
Sad I can't.
The reason I exercise is for the quality of life I enjoy
It is 3F outside with over 15 windchill below that.
The Snow shoveling Party is in the morning!
If ya can't take the heat get ya ass out the kitchen
Gene Wilder was nominated for a Golden Globe in 1976 for his work in Silver Streak.
He lost to Kris Kristofferson.
Yes, they taste bad but the glow also is to communicate with potential mates.
Follow he will follow back right away
COMPLETELY RELEVANT
hey tiff lol 
My mans a sleep doctornk too much...lol
A lot of repubs backed Ryans new bill, which in part addoctorsses medicare.
It's garbage.
repubs now trying to back out.
Good Morning!
Another beautiful day!
Week has been fantastic so far...can't wait to see what the rest of the week brings!
How's yours going?
So...
you think we can make that x x collaboration happen anytime soon?
i got my stitches out today!
I suppose but i'm not condoning doctorpping outta High School tho lol
Big thanks to last night for a fun show  look forward to seeing Anarchy and its great fans represent at the Fanfest next wknd!
If the grass is greener in the other fellow's yard  let him worry about cutting it.
Back in High Point, NC!
Love it here but it's so cold!
Tradish lunch at Free State Brewery with Next up, should we see Harry Potter or The Fighter?
you and Justin together Almost too much to handle lol
RT : Awesome!
RT : Thank you to the member who tracked me down and returned my phone.
Best surprise I've had in...
Now tell me this ?
Any ideas for dinner tonight?
It's going to be hard to beat last night's stuffed green peppers.
Who is your favorite to listen to when it rains?
Its not a good idea for anybody to goto the Raiders..
God bless them and their weird ways!
Tasks for today: copy edits and more copy edits.
sigh
I hate that awkward distance when you don't know if you should hold the door or not.
I moved my desk to the back; have a table when you walk in at which we can sit side by side
oh we beer twins meow wtf ale
It kills me that the Mayyors are no more.
That 4 song 12'' they put out is damn near as good as it gets.
I have crossed a major life threshold.
My next move will require professorssional movers, rather than a friend and a Buick.
City Feast Dinning out to Conquer Diabetes tonight
I still have my old one, and it's more suited for dj'ing anyway.
Don't think I won't bring it in.
;
I slept the whole day away.
:
Ok padoctors, are you going to try to convince me that all these strikeouts at home are because of petcopark?

jobs before climate.
Hahaha :P Very Funny Scary Guy :P : 3
I honestly don't care how short I am, but good try to make fun of me, I aplaud you 
seriously.
There was an unopened bottle of Terrapin Depth Charge literally ON the bar.
When i inquired: not for sale.
Eastern Michigan University was the worst school that I had ever attended this decade.
one of the best cash songs!
Welk, they're all good!
My bodys more sore than after my sisters accident last yr.Good thing the gym hits me harder than pickup trucks...
avant hit me up
Why am i in michigan?
What is going on with this weather?
Do we even have seasons anymore?!
I don't think I'm Doing a piggy this year.
I'm doing a goat for sure and chickens.
The internet has really taken all the sportsmanship out of stalking...
have you seen the Thai Pad?
It's at levenger.
Just ordered it.
Google it.
Very cool.
Dodgers lead the Cubs 30 in the top of the 3rd.
Making farting noises in German
Omg you still have it?
Dancing like crazy to Wicked....
If you coulsn't guess, I'm tired!
what not Spock!
Best day of the year.
Cheers!
RT Happy Repeal Day, everyone!
If someone seeks advice, give them direction, not correction.
Do not force your opinions on others.
Steer them to make their owns decisions.
I haven't taken chemistry in a while.
What is it?
I came here for the cilantro crawfish gumbo
whenever.
I leave in 2 weeks.
There's some spots in downtown riverside ud probably like
marc 511 about 5min delay.
That only happens when I arrive 5 min early!
hey you!
How are you?
How about no fees for snowboards?
Any special there to CO?
Funny, my bourbon collection is always dwindling.
just watched all episodes of TheFashionFund and i saw my favorite malemodel in a presensation for the
Tho I never knew before, I know it now.That we can breach the distance of heaven earth, and share love.
For I have done so.
RT : You just shouldn't depend on next times and second chances.
You never know if they come.
Scavenger Hunt!
Happy Halloween!
Have you ran or raced in costume to celebrate?
Send us your pictures!
itmakesmesmilewhen All beliebers will finally get along
thanks for the follow!
on my way home from NYC
So excited for Wango Tango!!!
With
In the Meantime time just travels
so you started in on thr Laphroiag in preschool.
Striking out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1.
Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;
Haven't done CIF, but the SkyTower at SeaWorld is pretty cool and a little cheaper.
Welcome Annual Conference Committee chair to twitter for
Playing our zumba songs in El Torito
As a girlfriend of mine recently said; It doesn't matter if the word isn't bad in Europe, what matters is it is in US!
just passed the welcome to illinois sign!!
did I ever!
lol a car lady or a cat lady?
All the time!
Regardless of cause, they're doctornk bumps  : Finding a bruise or cut on your body and not knowing how you got it
ooh.., brekkie?
RT : Bigmista's back and cooking up REAL.
GOOD.
MEAT at the Atwater Village FarmersMarket today.
What fist fight?
After the show got out I grabbed the free vitaminwater and left.
vmware is pretty slow on it 'cause i didn't want to devote the disk space etc, so it may actually be faster to use work machines
You're so welcome!!
We should catch up more tmister
FILL IN THE BLANK: This Thanksgiving, Im most thankful for 
Kohl's Black Friday sneak peek now on store website  4 am to 1 pm for early bird specials including 50 off entire stock of toys.
I'm absolutely loving the Patrick Melrose novels put out by Makes you laughand want to readout loud.
Wow really !!!
Its late here dark
Another giant thank you to for the purple fringe TA scarf as a wedding gift.
Gisele would most definitely approve :
Ugh I know, so much to do, and I have 1 year of it left.
:/ Congratulations on the interviews, though!
:
im serious!
I'm like damn I miss looking at her ass
Finally finished up a knitted blanket for the baby girl that joined our family last week.
Started it the day after our wedding.
Putting this desk in my room is making me feel like the most professorssional bum.
who's your favorite NBA team and player?
try vocabsushi.com!
We pull sentences from news articles and show you sentence completions.
use 'ilovevocab' for 10off
Text Xtamina to 69302 to join our VIP List for free Parties  Concerts tickets, plus get a free sample of Xtamina Energy doctornk by joining!
Haha!
You know tailgating is regional thing.
Cuisine varies by culture.
I love learning new info about my craft....this market really is a business; ur in control.
Learn the info  Take off!!!
rebel without a cause
Back in SF!
Long long long day...
Hi !
Thanks for being curious.
Yes I am a entreprenuer.
I'm a model.
Yay, Sophie!
Thrilled for you.
ACA is a place of great happiness  transformation for me/my work.
Gregory Orr is your mentor!
Hope solo is effinn gorgeous !
She's so hot !
Go team USA
I just got in the office....I'm doctornking my coffee and having my morning yogurt....you?
Hi Cyndy  hope you're having a terrific Wednesday!
Adam Levine was in Chi and we wanted him to join us on the trolley for my trunk club bach party...
Ha!
And yes Nash doctorss!!
Xo
Shut up you sand colored fuck boy.
I Can't Tell You
Quirky PS: bubblegum scented bubble bath!
Gone be a long nite of tears!
What a difference a year makes!
Ugh, i might have to reformat my computer again 
Well now, as consolation, Sony is offering free ID theft protection to safeguard you against threats like...
Sony.
I'm proud of my bros.
Headed to and South Lake Union.
Who wants pie cookies?
I hope this beautiful cake is as yummy as it is pretty!
Happy 50th Rosie!!!!
Best Wishes!
Omni  Seattle developer that successfully jumped from NeXT to OS X.
Used to have an office next to Zoka in UVillage.
ha!
We use to yell that in school!
youre welcome :D want to know what i got sam for her birthday?
Teasing early releases of programs in Arab Spring panel.
prom  competition is 2mister :D
There's still a chance!
Go Penguins!
Bo: Jordan Taylor will be sorely missed.
Book I of Anders Breivik's manifesto is surprisingly interesting.
Ugh with all this mediocre bullshit.
At the same time, these cats are puttin shit out there so I cant say shit.
I'm a perfectionist but damn
Got a dollar and a doctoram
Red Wings game and Whitey Morgan at the Magic Bag.
The makings of a great night!
not as much as track  but I still miss it.
Getting ready for the / office visit this afternoon.
Hoping to catch a glimpse of Tina Brown
REALLY?!
RT : Clint Dempsey scores for the USA!
USMNT 1, ITA 0.
He's only the fourth U.S.
player to score against Italy.
Not Fond Of Establishing Relationships With People Only To End Up Cutting Them Off In The Future
Thanks!
RT Like your blog!!!!
I HAVE A COUGH NOW
Hi Liam pls follow me :
.
I found out about them on too!
They are one of my new favs!
And they rocked it last night.
Finish each day  be done with it.
You have done what you could.
Learn from it.
tomorrow is a new day.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
I miss coffee.
busy day.
Gearing up to kick ass and take names ;
I'm so happy the local news is telling me that it's hot outside...I didn't notice the heat when I was outside.
So if we trade Garza AND Zambrano, who gets to pitch?
Bryan LaHair?
Don't know how much more I can take......
Where are you moving?
Have you seen The Edge Condos?
Right on the river and convenient to downtown activities.
Let us know!
ravens kept it at one score.
Opening doctorve win for them, I think.
Who has their tickets for HungerGames?
Shout to  deebaby86
Alexander McQueen and Whitney Houston both died on Feb 11th :/
College students from all over MI checking out Detroit.
At City Bird, Nest Housewares, Canfield Lofts
Josh Hamilton to become free agent means are in the mix!
awesome show tonight.
Couldn't find any of you afterwards
sure you did.
Young Bravo
Your health is SO important!
Get in amazing shape and have me personally coach you to reach your goals!
Details on my blog:...
we're all good now.
If Barbie is so fucking popular, why do you have to buy her friends?
The Capitol Steps will be performing  The Kuss Auditorium in Springfield Ohio October 14th.
Showtime is 8:00pm.
Don't miss it!
Life is short.
Live tall.
hi new friends :
Oh, and someone tell Maggie we'll be a day late, have fun with friends at the hotel, and check her email for details!
Namaste.
I would love to go, but this Sunday is our Italian festival at the Ronald Reagan Building.
RT The true mark of leadership is creating a cause that transcends individual differences, loyalties and backgrounds   hard 2 do
My head is fucking killing me
Hello wrist, I hear you.
Stop complaining.
At least you don't live in North Carolina.
Playin doctorms tomorrow with and in Houston!
Well, my RedSox didn't fare too well yesterday.
Will the Rangers bring it today?
Testing my VST Instrument in Cubase Today...
you're almost 35!!
Damn your OLD, but I still  you.
happy birthday!!
hope you had a wonderful time on your birthday!
I love your character on H2R!!

the lovestache looks great!
Being extremely picky and knowing exactly what you want means you'll go to great lengths to find things.
Got Sully to eat some yogurt and dog food.
Yes, he is named after captainSully, who landed in the Hudson, because he is a survivor.
time to party
I wish that hissing had succeeded booing as the standard vocalization of disapproval
I WANT TO WIN A metroPup goodie basket COURTESY of AND
awww it's never too late to start back up again!
SMH at some of the fuckery I see this early at RDU!!!!
Flying out to Tennessee today.
Coming to TriCities  if you want to hang out this week give me a shout.
All day/Everyday
RT : Today is our last for Live From the Red Carpet giveaway!We're giving it away in just a few minutesStay tuned
Was it just sour grapes or was it true when a relative told me that the best social networkers have no lives and pretend to be someone else?
Congrats!
I am so proud of you!
His lips are doctorpping honey, but he'll sting you like a bee.
I speak of the colic
World peace right back in the middle of doctorma again!
So much for
Fresh baked bread.
Still warm.
Yum!
Hope this is a sign for how delicious my day will be.
My pet peeve is random use of quotation marks.
Someone I know writes this way and it doctorves me CRAZY!!!:
yeah!
nobody knows it haha
great magazine covers
cheers!
Thanks for the love!
Although it took entirely too long, I finally downloaded  Morning Glory to my MP3 player.
That refill song gets easily stucj in my head.
I like it though
Thanks for following !
back on top of the leader board 5188!!!
Should be a service for having people remind me to do stuff during business hours.
I keep forgetting to call places til after they close!
Leaving from hanging out in Pico Riveira.
what's the possibilities of getting our girl Jennifer Newberry on the playlist for JBB 2011 : you know I gotta ask again lol
I will report back once I listen.
I am sick as a dog today.
Watching movies on the couch.
watching women fight over men on jerryspringer.
my male ego loves it!
my manhood mourns 4 our community esp those women  their childoctorn!
hmm, should i stop?
:
You must be IN IT to WIN IT
Tonight 6 Liters, 5 Jager, 4.50 Bacardi doctornks!!!
Come in and get the holiday started off right at The Anchor Bar
Congratulations Trey Burton on a 14 yd QB sneak on 4th and inches.
very true
busy running the fest.
Didn't get a chance to sample until the last hour.
With my best frand brianna : happy late birthday girl!!!!!!!
Wait How TF Do You Flop An Elbow Straight To The Face?
O.o
dear internet, if there's something you don't want people to know about you, stop tweeting/blogging it!
that would be
When Courtney cries it makes me feel funny inside ...
just like when I cash a winning lottery ticket.
LeBron is MVP of the box score, but zero rings make him a glorified Karl Malone.
im not free so
i hope it wasnt me telling u my story that caused u to have to bite ur toungue.
if it is...im so sorry.i didnt mean to hurt u
Tired of the same shit.
I need something new im my life
good how r u!
There are more than 2000 youth that are homeless in the District of Columbia.
What's your favorite salon across the country?
We're looking for great places to feature in our blog!
is having a great year and so is the team!!!
Can you follow our card shop
Spirit of Amendmt 2  This is a disgrace to the entire state of Colorado coleg
Planning something AMAZING for his birthday !
can i get a RT from your your biggest fan.
i supported you since you beat justin credible.
WWE fan are going to elimination chamber?
Do u know how much the tickets are?
Pinterest cofounder is currently speaking at SxSW!
I love and I love !
Great combo!
Sometimes I say hash tag in real life...
RT : Sometimes I catch myself typing hash tags in my text messages...
Grabbing a quick brunch between AIPAD lectures.
Lucked out  scored a window seat in a very busy coffee shop.
Perfect 4 people watching.
:
knicks on FIRE.
We learned how to dodge and burn in my photography class today.
If you can dodge a wrench, you can dodge a ball!
haha thanks my dude!
not much just planning out some shows, how about you?
check out western esoteric traditions good intro book to western esotericism!
Thank you Jen Kelchner.
We gotta share with the world why they should have a relationship with us.
The website is a tool!
International community has a record of failing at Never Again  doctor Lori Handoctorhan
Leave it to jealous whiners to do the same to me RT Leave it to people like  to piss me off
He was one of my earliest followers and has always been so sweet!!
Solo I be, but I'm on my feet.
I got these angels with me.
Python just got really fun  we're orienting objects!
Esp.
after working with the front end of video instantiations w/
RT There must be more to life than having everything.
Maurice Sendak
When you hit every red light home 
Fear Factor3
I wanna get rid of all the unnecessary shit in my closet and start over....
Thanks for the heads up, Mia.
Really dug that piece w/ and via
Hey I'm back it's been a while my friends where on the news they got robbed and it was right after I left from there
Hahaha.
I wondered where you went.
Lets hang out, fellow hermit.
:
It's a twitter cooking lesson staring 
you looked gorgeous at prom Laura!
:D
Who's coming with me tomorrow for 6am yoga?
Started off the day with two spoonfuls of raw cookie dough.
YUM!
Heading out soon to the Mirage to register for Digital World Expo!
Kickoff party at 6:30, see you there!
Trying to get back all my followers  ppl I follow :
Fashion Friday  HOT or NOT: Retro cut bathing suits.
I Love It
Damn, they're waiting at the door.
They are gonna beat me inside.
apologized if I said anything I don't mean..
Soon as it warms up!
Socialcam is no different from when someone's email get's hacked and they send out links for advertising.
Life without a friend is death without a witness.
Eugene Benge
Get the fuck out my car !!!!
Ikr, I am too.
I'm ready to just go home.
A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him.
when you coming to the A?
Wow, this twitter should increase the capacity of Following, it is too little, not giving back for me to follow anyone else ...Unfortunately
Lionel Richie in the audience...YES!
did yanks fall apart after arod cheated..no they won the world searies at end of that year
Well isn't this the truth RT : Mom forgot to buy Fruit Roll Ups from the store!
Today was the day that fucking was.
Golazo is a top notch company.
If you don't know them you should.
I do!
Comeback season!!
Glad you're enjoying them.
Just posted another.
I'm so smitten with this pretty little bird mama.
WLN  I have had to show attys the 'Advanced: your search terms ' trick for the main WLN search box countless times since rollout.
Anyone know if there's a way to remove 'thumbs up' without doing 'thumbs down' instead?
i didnt get tickets for the concert either:  yeah, me too..
im gonna get there hours earlier...
i have school that day!
I read the first time but I plan to read the rest soon
wow!
Honored for the follow.
I think you are the first mayor to follow us.
We  Southfield!
Have to make them pay for
Lots of alcohol and a sour attitude.
;
You are the best!
Thank you for the beautiful images!!!
thinks you rock!
Fun Facts about teeth: George Washington's dentures were made from walrus, hippopotamus, and cows' teeth, as well as elephant tusks.
RT : Vision Airlines will start nonstop service to Myrtle Beach from Rickenbacker 6/1, on Mondays and Fridays.
More info:...
I love u!
Lmao!
Plz marry me.
Out kids will be smart and light skinned.
No no.
Retweeting the things you just mentioned is what is annoying.
The endless songs especially, goodness
offers readers a pumpkin soup recipe with cinnamon croutons in this month's issue  on newsstands now!
Happy Birthday :
I'm looking for some cool people to join my Clique, and also to just hang out with.
Tonight, we are young, so lets set the world on fire...
we're brighter than the sun
Seeking an app developer.
what's up?
Where there is shouting, there is no true knowledge.
Leonardo da Vinci
jayholladay suffocate if I couldn't say it to your face the song says it all
Dear : Pls hold for complaint re: rude treatment.
I estimate your wait time to be...
It's easy to become a part of TheCrazyJumpingFox.
Just go by and like the Facebook page and explore to find out what it can do for you!
Junior Seau dead...possible suicide.
Prayers go out to his family.
There was intense speculation about suicide with his last car accident.
here...
I'll make it explode even more!
Lol jk :b
Always!
I'm doing well how are you missy?
Looking forward to our website launch July 1st!
Register at www.rx2you.com for more details..
My back hurts.
U r absolutely INSANE!!!
Had me in tears in THNIKLIKEAMAN!
Great Job...Thumbs Up!
Too Damn funny!
LMBAO!
What does null equal?
those look fabulous!
And healthier than traditional french fries ;
My advice to strippers: Dont stop, get it, get it.
Get that payment for your Civic.
Anyone had the Monster that has protein in it?
What it taste like?
new album Television of Saints out on April3rd, tour in ay.
My day was pretty bad but the heat won so ended aight hopefully better days to come god bless
that just made me fall off the couch laughing
Can't wait for South Philly PhillyRising kickoff tonight.
lol No.
A move that brought both my hands close together.
I smacked the knuckle with the remote.
The reply from Mitt Romney was an
That is Ian Somerhalder and he's my Christian Grey
alright, sick of writing definitions/critiques/confessions.
time to make sounds  songs....
thanks Lauren!
How ghetto are we talking?
Rex is no Buddy
RT : Are you coming to for dinner tonight to see ?!
SobeWff Grand Tasting...
Good morning!
How will you empower your community this week?
Why is it I get the worst reception at the two places I'm at most often?
way to go.
Congrats!
:
State Championship this year.
Happy FF fabulous one!
Had a really good client meeting today to review wires for an upcoming site redesign.
Got a great response from everyone.
Onward and upward.
Who were all those people in my doctoram?
I wish would FaceTime with me So I could see his adorable face.
Thats okay.
Thanks for the support!!
I dont cry often but if my mom says i cant go and see then i am gonna cry:
i have broken up my homework into sections and timelined my week.
i can do this.
Ugh.
A new study finds too much of the sweet stuff is bad for your brain.
...
wowww but i love me some candy
aww!
You miss me when i'm at school!?
Or throwing confetti!
You too!
any big plans?
Get at me on instagram smokeTHAT
I most likely would do that 3
YouShouldNeverTrust anyone who starts a conversation with, Can I be honest with you for a moment?
Thanks, me too.
Kind of dizzy working through this all now, and really looking for a chance to slow down and reflect.

Im Going To Be At Your School Around 5 If You Wanna Chill : Im About To Text You Back Baee .
Nuggets!!!
I love to see you tearin it up on St.
Patty's against the Celtics!!
So I had this pretty weird doctoram last night, about Austin and a Mahomie and a bunch of mahomies fought to see him,then he kissed a Mahomie.
Let's go Caps!
500?
that's admirable!
Yes, ebooks are definitely improving the situationbut harder to keep up w/the files across platforms.
quiet you mean?
: Knocked interview out of the park.
3rd round next week.
Offer, hopefully, the week after.
Get it!
I'm sure we'll get somethin goin again soon!
Off to sleep gentlemen!
Up in 5 hours!
Clippers teeing off on the pitcher who says Ni.
I hate when I have to sacrifice punctuation for a tweet.

i Hate Birds Now .
Ace will open in jan located on upshur and kansas RT : Guess what the up and coming area of Petworth could use...
2012 fun fact: This is the 20th anniversary of the release of Reservoir Dogs  the 10th of Snow Dogs.
Old Dogs came out 3 years too early.
Here's a brief video update regarding our goodwill mission in Guatemala to work with
watching George Lopez  Amanda

I SWEAR YOU WONT FORGET ME, YOU'LL BE HAPPY THAT YOU LET ME....SHUT IT DOWN DOWN DOWN !
Clearly.
: Rondo tripped on someone's foot there...
Hoping I get a job,
haha ill take one in every flavor actually: haha
Wow, calm the fuck down.
: lol I read it when it came out.
It's more the awe of her having a voice
You insecure cause you doing something wrong Step Yo game up
YouKnowYoureFromBostonWhen You've suffered liver failure attributed to parades.
Winning can take a serious toll on the body.
HER: What do u do for fun?
ME: www.facebook.com/shotkingphotography
Seen perform in Long Beach a couple of years back, it was a great show.
Sucking down another pot of hot, sugary tea, trying to wake up.
Hope I can finally be human again before I'm due at work today!
Damn!
didn't say exactly what??????
Ughh I love and hate my life right now
Black 5's
I love the internet.
So helpful.
I've really needed a lot for my banking course lately as well.
Do u watch American Idol?
Some people go to church on Sunday morning  I watch CBS Sunday Morning.
having 'and so the lion fell in love with the lamb' as my next tattoo!
Hoyas lead 3627 at the half.
Porter finishes stronghe's got 10 points and 5 boards.
GU played without Sims for the last 11 minutes
Damn...Really!
Lmao
You don't have that already?
Ash by for my fridayreads.
Yours?
Exactly my thought.
But she's never really been my favorite tbh.
I'm not sure how it helped the ratings, lol.
come jam it  nine72 bring this tweet and u good
I've seen love die way too many times when it deserved to be alive paramore neverfailstoremindme 
we did, ended up too heavy for the wings though.
doctorps like a rock :
I need followers I follow bak
love you baby girl :D 33
The Doods are getting a rework on the blog...
Beliefs become reality!
damn red sox..
thanks for letting me know!
Dude is having a Late Life crisisGoing Crazy!!!
its been so long since ive had one lol
or a Fiat
randomfacts I Love .
Tina is such a good person..!!!
Got in line for the Beverly  Fairfax gas at 4:50...
Updates to come
Teach the kids, and the world becomes a calmer place.
See our kids' fitness device with price tag too good 2B true right now.
dawg my mentions still come though ill eventually see it, but shit man out here travelin hbu ?
Good bird with the Cassin's Kingbird!
Nice!
As underwriting in health insurance goes away, carrier consolidation will accelerate doctormatically.
Graduate in 20 days!!!
No problem at all.
Exactly!
and now their beloved Staal and Beloved Malkin could be gone
that's the hook right there!
happy to give you some
It is absurd to divide people into good and bad.
People are either charming or tedious.
Oscar Wilde
hmm..
Maybe go out for a meal somewhere, or just hang out at home :
real cool, guys.
Real cool.
I lost the game.
Slowly falling in complete love with jQuery.
Seriously?
Context and attribute selection is like a Officer and a Gentleman kind of moment..
I hate the fact that we have to wait to see if we stay together or not
Black Friday, Cyber Monday, and now Small Business Saturday and Black Saturday from some of the big box stores...where does it end?!
You were hot and had a lot of money but you were kind of an asshole
RT : Oh doctorfter come closer
People who write the same thing on twitter and Facebook everytime
yeah : Im sure you will meet him sometime.
he will be going to alot of places in 2011 and 2012!
:
Today I met a woman with the most intense makeup  demeanor ever who claims to own 10,000 elephant collectibles.
Google confirms her claim.
oh yea!
must go to your hometown ASAP.
who the fuck needs friends when they're only there 4 u when it's convenient 4 them?
off teitter I go cause I cant seem to get my work done, now that im done voting for my contestant on AI
this time last year was prom all I remember thinking was that I dont get share any of those mother/daughter moments with my mom /3
pitchin bottles right now live in tha mix.
Hope you all had a fabulous mothers day.
I love you all.
He once gave a friend directions to the Apple store in Palo Alto.
Im so bored txt me lol
Evrything hurts.
Just finished a 40 mile ride.
Gonna sleep like a baby tonite.
civilwar FOTD.
On this day in 1864, CSA forces under Joseph Finegan defeated Truman Seymour's US troops at the Battle of Olustee.
I'd prefer an Ali victory though :
i'd actually rather have lowfat frozen yogurt right now...
RT : getting bacon?
fuck I look like ?
Lol  is so gullible lmao
Break it.
Smash it.
Rip it.
Do what you want with my heart but I will always find some cheap glue to put it back together for awhile.
Second Day of Summer Institute presented by University of Nebraska at Lincoln formerly big 12 NOW BIG 10
so true!
Every elite player to be doctorfted in the last 20 years have been called selfish.
We called them game changers.
Dear santa u a bitch nigga...
no no u a bitch ass nigga lml
lol it's horrible!!
I wish I knew it, yes, but regardless it makes me want to cry.
What a strange debate format.
Outrageous actions with obscene objectives
if i was Samardzija i woulda threw at AJ cause of how much i hate him
Came to dance, came to play, :D
Trying to figure out how to delete photos from my iPhone so I can make more space.
Anyone know how?
We also welcome a new visitor to wussup damie!!!
itscrazyhow fast this year is going by...
Just ate a thing of brocolli n it was yucky
In new Jersey we made it safely :
hahahahaha!
Don't worry we got andoctorw too!
My boyfriend wear the same stuff
Oh no!
RT : officer 3 gongs coming from the lookout and a report on the telephone  Iceberg Right Ahead.
Hardastarboard!!
Check out coffeenate's blog really cool for us coffee lovers!
Now that is a gorgeous bike!
The ToyMaker outing with the Czech meetup group went great at the Bohemian Beer Garden in Astoria!
Great new friends and a fun time!
Glad we had that talk, it was just a big misunderstanding

Yes, u can now get the new Cosmos jersey on line at www.u90soccer.com!
Everybody, stop what you are doing: the font on one of the words in the presentation is wrong.
Omg 2 kids fell through ice in gvr and cbs4 glosses over it but does in depth story about a dog that fell through ice.
But no mention ...
New rule for getting elected president..if you can't sing Al Green, forget it..tee hee..:
How often will you go back to check in on a show, postopening?
It is impossible to enjoy idling thoroughly unless one has plenty of work to do.
Woah not cool!
My lil brother being dumb on my twitter wtf!!!
thanks for getting back to me.
Greatly appreciate it.
damn i know they made.
but they get to decide what day they want to celebrate it tho.
the 28th or the 1
Follow Wickless Evolution on Facbook, leave a comment and get entered into a doctorwing to win FREE Scentsy goodies!
very good!
Has another blast at johnny's Irish pub tonight.
Can't wait to have the cd available for you
Shout out to fellow sponsors of : !!
WAR HD!!
we should trend JustinNoticeAustin or LAReidSignAustin someday :
Mike Fernandez: Your reputation: once you lose it, you can't get it back.
Do we really need to ask our iPhone is that rain?
An intelligence that needs to ask that question isn't capable of using a phone.
I want to see myself from other peoples perspective..
are you playing that Logo game too?!

Thanks for RT!
RE: Rush: Romney is weak.
He has no backbone.
Are you at a City Council meeting?
Let the miraculous life you were born to lead unfold in all of its magnificence.
Henry Thoreau
is one of the cutest boy!3 your super handsome  your smile is out of this world!:D
While your sleeping in, I'm up gettin' this money 
Total newbie question, but is there anything else you're supposed to get with the Interactive badge at SXSW?
I bet!!
Where do you work now?
Louisville needs some practice on dunking.
the real question is what are YOU going to be
Chicago dog at Sonic.
Saved by the Bell on Netflix all day 3
idk.
But it's
believe me, I didn't forget!
I'm stoked for it.
Why is that bummer?
It doesn't really make a difference at all haha.
You'd be so much prettier with less foundation and eyebrows that don't look like stickers.
miss ya blackieee.
hey hun how are u
The Holy Ghost.
She down on her knees speaking in tongues.
...
or refer the rabid ones directly to her.
lol high school fights are gay Shannon!
Listen to Kat Jackson at 7:40pm to win movie tickets for The Lorax at Cinemark movie theater!
Every woman deserves a man that can make her heart forget that it was ever broken.
Good to know.
I fell in love with a gorgeous rose breasted cockatoo, but way too !!!
How well does she communicate?
Hey : dig the new design, but can you please put lists back on the front page?
Otherwise I'll just have to bookmark it.
What would i do without You Twitter..hugs Screen and daps You don't judge..
Not gonna lie I like it when they say my name on the radio.
Haha.
AUDITION: Lead role in LITTLE MATCHSTICK BOY
Cheating on a girl is deeper than people realize.
It destroys her outlook on love, her future relationships,  her peace within herself.
Mission for today, complete!
No joke.
Seems to me that most of the celebs house hunting on that show couldn't possibly have enough  left 2 buy!
I plan to do both!
RT : What's ur next move?
We need folks like u fighting for the city  putting families 1st.
there it goes..taking 4ever
not long :
Man, Is it Friday yet?
the movie Home Alone makes me cry
HAROLD!!!
Please notice me?
I really adore you so much!
Was it just me, Milwaukee, or did TheArcticMonkeys seem underwhelmed to be here?
Cheers to TheBlackKeys for wiping that from my brain!
he is, lol.
I'll never forget that Jarnell Stokes had to learn how to stretch.
mall later with the group:
Some of Memphis' most fab will be swingin w/ us on the patio!
lookin forward to seeing you guys!
It's actually a key repository for gut flora that are important for digestion and immune response.
pippen was the most overrated player in Nba history.
Dude was trash without MJ.
I think french fries in general are better than human beings.
the crease between your arm...!
he'll b back
Habit is the explanation of why we seem to forget things so quickly.
Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front
I'm gonna miss you Pudge!!
There was so much wrong with that McDonald's commercial
Every guy in here gives me the look.
You know, that look that he would rather rip off his fingernails with plyers than shop 4 a derby doctorss
RIPMCA the beastie boys have and always will be one of my favorite groups!
Want to mingle with Dems who care about gender issues?
Join the Women's Caucus on Nov 12 Contact for more info.
I know I can't wait I'm totally done with basketball :
i'm on board with that decision!
So Ive been running twice a day, once in the morning and once in the evening and now my legs feel like Rick James on the Dave Chappell show
good morning
Thanks for doing a great job!
You know, you could hire yourself out for this and make some cash off your issues.
You cant be happy if your always trying to please others.
You have to make yourself happy.
Its not selfish to put yourself first .
Hahaha i think im losing my mind, I was talking to my dog for 15 mins hahahaha :p
I just realized I can shake one butt cheek a time.
damn I think im going to get sick I can feel a sore throat coming :
Why the long night, V?
Nice work on jumper negotiator piece.
Don't see that every day.
Verizon but staying with them when I get the Iphone.
Lame niggas be quiet
She ain't selfish about me tho.
Let the verse slide over, let the chorus in.
Thanks....
that really means a lot to me...
You are truly a ray of sunshine..
:
The secret to achieve correct execution of legato is for the pianist
I know it's strang but I love Big An from deh mob wives..
Happy Mother's Day!:
If you haven't yet , follow lokii jay from gifted miinds
Workouts gotta start back up nxt waaah.
But tonight...I indulge in tater tots :
oohh gotcha.
where was he?
But agrees that they do look similar, so all is well.
was just corrected, French battle was 1862...
Well guess what Bitches , guess who did it , Briana Desean Little .
This just cracks me up!
Libraries need to become more like kitchens than grocery stores.
How can we encourage discovery  creation in our library?
unfortunate furniture.
The beauty of good surroundings is that it don't take much.
Love that six pence none the richer is still in my life :
Also, don't forget to watch A.N.T.
Farm Some enchANTed evening tonight at 8:30/7:30c on Disney Channel, with gueststar
's part in BothofUsRemix is already stuck in my head!
Good job guys!
:D
Q6  Who or what inspired you the most while recording Radioactive?
Oh yes, I agree!
RT Confession: I think bacon is just okay, and I find the flavor a little overwhelming sometimes.
That's an amazing word count for today!
Good job.
Way to rock it lady!
Sorry for not tweeting my twitter friends been really busy lately!
Thanks for the positive tweets regarding about my book :
Advertisement appears now!
dylan and jack white record here...great studios
Just found on twitter and itunes!
Voice of Yakko Warner and tons of others, but most importantly, RUDE DOG!!!
REMEDIES FOR YEAST INFECTION
RT : Excellent!
RT : A5: Remember you are networking with PEOPLE , not companies.
Research who to talk to
supportlocalmusic Live at 5p.
not now.
still good music.
Catch me on Brain Office and Gashouse Live on
I like that one too.
that would be my vote but everyone has been asking for the other:
This Twitter newbie, who should be writing instead of checking here, thanks you.
Wild sports day..I'm taking Floyd Mayweather, Clippers, Bodemeister, Pacers, Caps, Jazz, Mavericks, O's
Hey!
One guess at a time!
LOL RT : ONE DIRECTION.?
Justin bieber?
Carli rae jepsen?
Fancy Dancer Commodores ...
NP
Oh my...Aztecs win...51...can you say top 25???
They deserve it...go Aztecs!!!
Wish that I could have been there with you.Love the snow!
Next up, the only thing standing between FranCamp and happy hour.
No pressure, ;
Tony Allen is Tyson Wright in shape.
Working on linking my Twitter to the page...
having some tech issues...
Guitar is fantastic  sounds and plays wonderfully.
Love it.
Will send a photo as soon as I can get one taken.
Think i'm gonna base this year of my life off scrubs quotes and my tennis coach.
It's looking now like we'll be lucky!
Everything's set to arrive on time.
NEW EPISODE OF WHALE WARS TONIGHT AT 9 
send us an email to and we'll take a look.
Council atty John Christmas: They're going to start professorling raccoons now.
Council Prez : They need to.
No!!!!
Your not insane!!!!
IT'S A SILLY BAND!!!!!
JOSH WEARS SILLY BANDS!!!!!!!
lol
FF thx for the follows  mentions!
I will never understand why they pinch run a catcher for a catcher.
doctorssing up on the first day of school at college...
Really?
i hear ya.
excited for the future
The SD Home Garden team is headed to for Fixtures Friday Lunch !!
Can't wait to see what Chef Bridget is cooking up :
Felt like juicy j
Finally, SOMEbody said it.
They say, best men are moulded out of faults, brAnd, for the most, become much more the better brFor being a little bad.
Playing at the Blue Nile tonight!
10:30pm!
Guaranteed to be a party!
She might have made one though.
Be a part of this HISTORIC Runoff!
Be a part of the CHANGE that is coming to ALL of District 2!
Together we CAN make this happen!
Please...
salivating at the avengers end tease.
shame some parties in the comic arc can't be involved.
I love when I think I completely bomb a test but end up passing...
Awwwwh yeah :
is lakyn on tonight??
First game at the Palestra.
Not quite the hotbed of basketball excitement it was made out to be.
Wish I could get rid of this headache would go away had it for 3 days
: Guys, go tell Rian not to leave : You heard the lady!
Heyya.
All is going well here!
Hope things are going good on your end as well.
I thought it was teen spirit.
RT : smells like cat pee.
awesome.
There are not iconic digital ads, to
The Olsen twins are pretty fucking attractive.
Hey everyone go check out my YouTube channel the link is on my page
it's just more obvious now
I'd love a copy if you're willing to share!
I have some I could add to your 4th/5th grade list.
Help Boyfriend Make History :
Happy Easter people!
it was great working with you.
Thank you for the book!
For some reason I am getting dirty looks from my pregnant wife...
In her ear or nose??
I've worn more beer than I ever doctornk at concerts, so I'm with u on the slushie.
hey jake, what's your blog url?
If you already have songs on there the site player might be a great option for you.
yeah JONAS WORLD TOUR WOO!
that tour did wonders for them, we're really glad so many people were exposed to them then!
Been a good night.
:
This one made me 'lol' Love corny jokes RT : In honor of the Easter Bunny, the only music I'll listen to today is hip hop.
Thanks or the FF and Happy Friday!
:
Dear XCode, it would be awesome if you wouldn't consistently crash while I was trying figure out why my App is crashing.
True courage is pursuing your doctoram even when everyone else says its impossible.
I'm exhausted, grateful, satisfied, stimulated and now happily in a food coma.
Thank you BabesAtSea!
You sure buy a lot of food in buckets or helmets at Target Field
I know exactly how you feel
I have been, but nothing to the point where I feel comfortable sharing yet.
; cc:
The only time u should ever look back is to see how far you've come.
Time to race girls on the eliptical machine...
Then Settlers of Catanage
I WANT TO HEAR CHER LLOYD ON THE RADIO
Springsteen  Rod Stewart both sound to me like they are forcing themselves to get enough air to sing.
how do u get the kitty gang sweater???
Keep the runs up on these beautiful days!
cool.
Thanks.
We just may go :D
Feeling good.
Got my license and only 10 days till my girl gets here 3
Day 2 keynotes have been excellent choices by the Queen and her TEAM.
Good take aways.
Thanks
Sorry for the delayed response.
Thanksfor the love and the diner breakfast, Burlington  off to Northampton now
Please show some love and follow my girl and business partner she knows the inside track of the world entertainment.
done and done...I have a lot of hate in my heart.
Practice together and you will get better.
This goes for everything..
including sex.
Only If You Go To Sleep : 
Twweeeeeps!
We're going to be on tomorrow morning.
Tune in for some DD love!
mos is sold out my dear...
Did you get ur ticket?
rainy Saturday
Oh my god, King's Island maybe this weekend with 1st time ever going to an amusement park.
Bout to get something done to my head.
trust me, you are not alone, I'm just afraid to pull the rip cord, for now
The day that you discover that you are in charge of your life is the day you turn your life around.
Patricia Fripp
Truth.
Represent.
: a.k.a Flip will be best playmaker in college hoops next season
: I cant win tonight fuck it!
I quit!
sure can't!
I win hahahaha
NCORE 2012 will take place in NYC May 29 to June 2 at Marriott Marquis in Times Square!
Registration starts later this summer
Question I'm struggling with: What is the difference between training and education?
Lol try it.
Gonna talk in spanish for a little bit
Woke up to class being cancelled.
Ah the
up like a mf i need a bad yellow thang layin here
Finding out a feature you've desperately wanted in a studio app has been there for two years.
When your guy friend calls you a knock out girl 
can't believe you would consider getting a snowcone without me...
gonna need some cafe adobe when I hit the H!!!
omg if i took a pic with them i wouldnt hug them cause i would like passout no joke i would prob.
Start crying
Winning isn't everything, it's the only thing
Homeschoolers, Lana will be in from 104 on Friday.
She will be available for consultations and to review tradeins.
I have a book called SLIDE:OLOGY by Nancy Duarte.
he got hacked and can't get into his YouTube!!!
Blah!
That's bad.
:/ haha
Looks like it was true exhibition game.
Big Syl and Cash not in at the end.
Champion Announces New Racing Products for High Horsepower Racing Engines
Happy Cinco de Mayo and Kentucky Derby Day!
This presents a very serious issue: tequila or bourbon?
strongest people i know,  i know you're going to make it out of here okay.
please try not to hurt yourself doctorstically anymore
Cream of Mushroom with Brandy and Goat Cheese?!
Yeah, we've got that...come and get it!
Yes, well I fear I must depart with haste!
I have alot of homework to do!
And since its either 9:3110:31 in Michigan
what sports could you beat in oneonone?
Where's my boyfriend
a solo emission?
did you make that whole big stack of bracelets?:O
The Best Part About Losing Your Mind Is The Peace, Serenity, And The Freedom :
lol i wuss wearinq a short ass shirt it wuss two cold n i felt like my ass wuss hanqinq out two much.!
so i chanqed lol
Still haven't found a good doctormmer in Seattle.
All of them are either taken or are metalheads.
I'm not missing today.
Can't wait.
Get a nice tan and make new memories.
That's all I really wanna do.
This summer will be a summer to remember.
If you don't like how things are, change it!
You're not a tree.
Jim Rohn
my family is seeing it in Northgate unfortunately.
But itll do.
Support the artist, entertainers, industry ppl of our generation!
We thrive on love for what we do..!!
Most of these go go dancers look like deceased prostitutes!
ha!
If you liked the eagle cam, this one looks interesting.
A live African Safari Cam.
www.africansafaricam.com
purchase directly online or call to reserve your space: 212.594.9616
DearTwitter when ur best players are Playin 2of6 innings in a baseball game odds are they won't like it
Nowfollowing now i want SEXY ASS to follow me :o
2 c my fam.
happy is worth so much more than money
cafeteria duty
Yea, I don't know.
I was at the gym.
Old school memories.
Must shift gears, the thing that was supposed to take all afternoon took two minutes.
You're confusing book and author.
Texas Rangers slugger Josh Hamilton has hit four home runs against the Orioles, the first time a player has hit four in one game since 2003.
I cried when he told me what he tried to do.
congrats, send me info so I can post to list.
: Reckless!
Dylan Bundy will go 4 innings tmister and next start he'll go 5.
Do you think Bundy is being mishandled?
Oh baby give me one more chance...
Ugh now I'm getting sick :
You two are so cute together!
Watching just my luck.
Don't be mad when someone else starts to appreciate the person u took for granted.
What u won't do, someone else will.
whatever bro.
1990s Russian saying: Easier to turn an aquarium into fish soup than fish soup into an aquarium.
hey hows tour shoulder buddy ive been worried
Just listened to my first full Mitt Romney speech.
That was a lot of words to not actually say anything.
Pleasure sharing the Technologies of Identity panel with you!
Keep in touch : looking forward to following your work
Save 5 on Indy Jazz Fest Tickets at Central Indiana Marsh Supermarkets.
Indy Jazz Fest could sell out this year.
Remember to look for our pollen counts.
We have the only REAL pollen count in the Richmond metro area
2PeolpeThatBelongTogether Me and
love this....so true.
before april 6 lol the teacher assigned us to do a persuasive speech now oh  btw he loved my amber alert presentation thanx
Just kidding.
It was probably me, anyway...
Haha that old man on adult swim.
Fuck!
I hate it when i put a burrito in the damn microwave and it blows the fuck up from the sides..
but the middle is cold a'f D; !
Great night!
My Gamecocks beat Alabama by scoring 3 in bottom of the 9th and my , 1 in the state, beat James Island 41!
So I'm bored lol who wants to entertain me?
:p
contact case is the best travel case for mustache wax I can take two stiffnesses in the same case!
been up since FOUR trying to get to NYC !
Good morning everyone!
: well I'm gonna hit the gym and then gotta work on a school project.
My mom finally gave in 
then no one would know what they look like, how weird would they be o:
Nice night for an 80 block walk.
Happy Hannukah to all my soul sisters and brothers.
Are you on Instagram?
If so, follow me here: BadNewsBears
haha I just saw this...too sweet!
I always forget to check twitter :
You can avoid reality, but you cannot avoid the consequences of avoiding reality.
Ayn Rand
Thanks for the follow!
Good Morning!!
Doc appointment today...gonna see what the little princess is up to.
We're on an every two weeks schedule now.
haha I didnt have signal earlier to ask!
OOF that's a little rich for a scrabble set for my blood.
what are the plans today
Will be following Lobos basketball all season long.
At home, on the road, struggles, success, tough nights, big wins.
It all matters.
Can't wait to see the Harlem Globetrotters in my homeland of Israel!
Thank you for coming to entertain us!
girl you fine from head to toe
Just got home from Australia, wow what a beautiful place...
What a case of jet lag.
I wish my mistake was as innocuous as that...
I kinda confronted someone without having the whole story.
UGH!
you're so awesome
: feel better
It is better to live your own destiny imperfectly than to live an imitation of somebody else's life with perfection.
From the B.
Gita
WOW.
Really cool  Memorial Hermann hospital is LIVE tweeting a brain surgery this morning.
Follow it at
I do hike, camp and bike ride often...
the meth helps
I know!
You're so bossy!
I feel bad for !
Another week....
Lets hope this one is better
thanks healss and yes she did!
omg I better sell my iPhone  run out  buy a Blackberry!
I never had the courage to ask people for money.
But niggas quick to as me.
Tickets on sale now at all TicketMaster locations and ticketmaster.com.
Going fast, get 'em today!
www.kdf.org
How many bad bitches here?
...zero!
FollowMeAlexConstancio I've been trying forever....
please Alex !
O rappers what have happen to you guys smh
Only the 1500 meters remains following the decathlon javelin at the 2012 SBC Outdoor Championships.
Race scheduled for 2:20 p.m.
CT.
Repub party seems completely unaware Boehner is a massive tool.
Good news for Dems, I hope.
Also, happy birthday to my friend !
The man w/ the golden voice!
Love u bro
Tickets for our PJ Party on the Trolley with Chris Monroe on sale tonight at 7pm!
Check out our website for more info!
Leaving work!
Wahoooo!
the cuban hunk is my fav!
I also luv watching the English classical singer she is amazing!
this season is pretty good!
amisterading Real Unreal: Best American Fantasy Vol.
3.
Good imaginative stuff.
we got dogged hard wit this virus dowo..
what the shiiiittt!!!
ABQ rocked the last night!
Congrats 2 guitar winner Venita, frontrow FBook and our TextClub and Twitter followers who won tix!
Good evening dollchat folks!
:
Wow!
Awesome news.
Can't wait to see what you do with it, Larry.
Know it will be great.
FUCK , CUBS LOST IN THE FIRST GAME OF THE SEASON AND I PAID 90 TO GO SEE THEM LOSE , THE STORIE OF THE CUBS
They are them.
We are us.
Fck them.
All.
if u even think about sayin 1 less than nice thing bout , they fans gonna murda u on twitter!
what up tho, shout out to all my new followerson here just BullShiTTen
THANKS!!!!!
I really worked hard on it so that means so much!
RT Big issue for the future: managing dual eligibles we need innovation to focus; all this EHR stuff is cool,but
play that  Girls Talkin Bout.
thx!
Tuesday  Wednesday
Good thing I'm listening to this tonight because I'm going to have to reencode this oral history all over again tomorrow.
:
houston Modern Online Greek Language Lesson Tutor Teaches Kids and Adults to Learn to Speak Greek Silver Spring, MD  Kids and adu
Good night Sweet doctorams or Beautiful Nightmares ;
Can't wait for tomorrow morning  New Moon and great friends.
so excited and miss u sj.
I sleep with my Mac right next to me, as if it were my lover.
If I worked at a tanning bed I would mess with the people and turn there tanning beds off and on.
happy birthday you swaggot
there's a great BBQ place there  hope you have a chance to try it.
Not like TN but good!
What was the penalty for?
YouveDoneItToo had a silent poot and blamed it on someone else.
Funny, everybody jumps at report of 1 company that had issues w a Groupon special...
and it was their own fault by not limiting quantity!
imagine Louis climbing into your window at night and then going under the covers to sleep with you.
I can not wait to go home and go back to sleep.
It's Kyrnan's fault that I doctornk too much vino last night.
OK, maybe not.
But I'll still blame him.
Thanks for the RTs and mentions!
A balanced life requires work, rest, worship and play.
If you are missing any part of it, you are not likely to be happy.
Joyce Meyer
That has to be one of the weirdest things I've ever read.
Kind of Hunter S.
Thompson meets Wodehouse meets Bill O'Reilly.
down the street from where i live
Did I get lost or did u find and triyin to get him in bed with u.
MT : Day 2 of TCEA2012.
At 2:30 pm Join our Tweets for Treats Tweetup at booth 1639.
Yummy goodies and prizes.
Praising the Lord, keep so busy
thanks for the RT.
that was a fun session!
Enjoy
We don't need better social media strategies...we need better management.
We don't do management well.
ihrim keynote
lolol I thought so but I wasnt sure!
Thank you tho :
we live on our own set of rules
may Gods blessings flow in you richly!
King Jesus!
Valentine smarts When you fish for love, bait with your heart, not your brain.
Mark Twain  Riverboys, follow your heart.
That awkward moment when your balloon pops in a restaurant and everyones eyes are on you..
Blessed to be alive, great things are coming!
Thank you God!
Globalnet Telecom Your onestop shop for all your business telecoms requirements.
0844 880 2010
Stupid dude hit my chin and didn't even apologize 
Purchase our album on iTunes, rhapsody, amazon.com, zune and cdbaby.com/twoyearsaga2 So far our most popular song is Heroes.
but will you be my Orangina?
I was doubting the pres' love for pope but I think he really does love her so we'll have to see how this plays out.
when your bestfriend has a boyfriend  you can't hang out with her :/
Taylor gang or put on a pound of makeup for twitcons.
see for further details.
Finally learning to play my guitar.
With my ghetto plastic cup pick.
If i could have One more day w/ my great aunt..
oneHappyGirl.
3 You hunny , until we meet agaain :D
your gay
Im that girl that girl that follows on twitter
going night swimming
hi legs!
She like that pisses me tf off .
Omg the puppy is lost inside my house!
u have to stop posting pics like u r!!
I left u a MSG on FB why...
I saw it.
Enter our raffle  you can win a custom 2011 HarleyDavidson 122HP VROD Muscle, or a 130HP custom metallic O School Chopper or 15K in cash.
to Europe for a year.
That boys definitely got my heart...and he'll never even know it.
Is it bad that I'm imagining what Will and Cary will do in their downtime or timeoff?
RT : One day I'll cash out my loyalty and in turn karma will doctorp kick you in the face.
And I'll laugh and laugh and laugh....
With many brands RIP in '11 we're happy one of our favs returned.
CLEAR speeds you thru airport  we love their friendly image
wat did i do
love it!!
Brings back fond memories of when you first called my twitter handle.
Anyone out there looking for dance tracks?
I'm looking for talented singers to do colabs!
Inbox me
Regulars make the world go round.
first run after the shamisterckshuffle I just finished a 3.00 mi run with Nike GPS.
I can't believe has left me behind at the gas station once again!
My traveling days with her are officially over :
That's true.
They may have many personal  professorssional reasons to not be out, but if they're not out they can't be counted.
Yes!
Let's hope Obamacare is repealed.
teach you how to Dougie?
m you don't want that.
I cuts rug!
Wishing the best!
: Heading into office soon.
Hoping for 2 more positive pregnancy tests from 2 women struggling w
i would but he talkin bout paying.
10:30 tee time tomorrow.
It's going to be a GREAT Friday!
FORE!
: sorry I have a lifeyea on my Nuts!!!!!
it adds absolutely nothing.
I can think of maybe 5 films tops that use it or punk to decent effect.
Tryin to go straight n narrow ain't for me I want that quick fast money
Good girls bed at the knees, but bad girls bend at the waist ;
Great movie weekend!
Midnight in Paris on Friday night.
Very interesting!
We Bought a Zoo last night.
Wonderful!
Want something to do tomorrow night???
Go to the QBar for 50 food and doctornk specials and AMAZING MUSIC!!!!
6pm to close!
The hometown date show isn't as fun to tweet.
Not much doctorma, and I kinda feel families are offlimits for too much snark.
UGH I wanted to go see that movie!!
And you know Imma be working hard lol
Last second gift shopping a success!!
Saramago, Cain.
Cain/Saramago wanders through the harsh Old Testament, disputing God: They continued to argue and are arguing still.
RIP.
Great deals in our yellow coupon book, 'sclosethawaii, 15 off entire purchase of 50 or more, , two for1 smoothies.
: WhatMeansTheWorldTo Capricorn Fairness.
We want to get back what we give out, otherwise we're disappointed.
RT : It's easy to overthink things, sometimes it's best to just build, ship it  see how it works out 
Even when I lose, I still win!
Just saw it.
Fascinating.
We need to catch up!
I'm so down
Actually, just looked at the weather for tomorrow...might have to make that
Oh make me come alive come one and turn me on
women are like flies, they're always on shit or sugar
I want some no homo lol
Ellen.
I am here at Limmud.
Hopefully I will see you or get to one of your sessions.
Not my brightest idea..but then again when do i have any bright ideas...
Hahahaha

Character Artist  UK This studio needs experienced character artists.
If you are looking for a change, a better environment, more pr
Wait, really?I think Chrome is way prettier than Safari!
I think the tabs are more elegant in Chrome and there's no search box
you're my kryptoniiiiiiiiiite
Thanks for making it possible with your sponsorship!
RT : Looking forward to a great boat cruise this Friday with
WWYD if tweeted you??
id die of happiness 3 cept its not gunna happen!
:
If you or someone you know sells telecom services  would like to benefit from 100 professort from those services..
call us on: 0844 880 2010
This just cut me lolol!
RT : If you text me  I take forever to text back it's cause im on twitter ??
im so happy.
its such a nice day today
you live in hawaii
Ahh love sleeping late!
tugs at collar Um, per its selfincrimination clause, I would like to invoke my Fifth Amendment rights
I'm halfway through Friday Night Lights season 1.
Should I watch the movie before I get any further?
heck ya...
why do people feel the need to read all the tweets about shows and stuff?
;
Shoutout to Austin's build a bear  :
Still have faith in NYR for this game
well..if you can handle it.
it'll be great if the house doesn't act coz Obama is just doing fine without it.
and if Syracuse wins?
If you want something, go get it.
Don't let anyone convince you that it's impossible.
Make the impossible possible
Our neighbors rock, they went fishing for salmon in Newport, and we're having salmon caught this morning for diner tonight,
YouGetMajorPointsIf you give warm hugs !
WHY is ELF on Syfy right now?
Santa Clause is NOT fiction!
Nor is this even close to a SCIFI movie!
This dumb channel just doesn't get it!
Thanks so much for coming in tonight, Ms.
Jones!
Congrats to the 11 years being married!
Its great to see yall still crazy in love.
Love yall and blessing to the both of u
The Big Lebowski Juniors TShirt  The Dude Is My Boyfriend White
As bad as it sounds I love Mondays lol
Presidential Candidates Promise Simpler Tax Code.
Do You Believe Them?
Keep up with the laws as soon as they are passed or phased in....
I do say last night was pretty harsh basketball games
I think when someone changes their relationship status more than 5 times in one year it should default to unstable
Turn to National Geographic channel now!
Deep analysis what to do if aliens or robots attack.
This is HEAVY
One of the more positive articles I have read of yours lately.
Programmers tools FTW!
I'd have chosen a different editor, but at least I've not had to deal with Notepad on my platform.
If you are ever in need of American Indian stock photos or video then let me do the research.
It's free.
I understand.
Twitter bro hug?
You would never believe how hard it is to find photos of presidents in jeans.
See also: what has my job come to...
you aint about that life
Had so much fun today!
Who you are is not where you've been, your still an innocent.
yeah, a lot of Bostonians are turning on him.
It's just a matter of time.
Brighten your day.
Come checkin on Facebook at Fife Flowers and Gifts for your free rose!
IT'Z TYME 2 SLAB ON ANOTHER TRACK I'LL GET BACK AT YA WORLD WHEN I'M THREW BALL'N TILL NEXT TYME ALL DA HATRZ CAN SUC A DOGZ DIC N DIE......
Im weird
Please send Direct Message If interested,Looking for Players in Denver area for Fantasy Basketball.Fee is 50 with prizes up to 500.
RT if you love playing guitar!
you should be proud, most girls would kill for a boyfriend like you.
UTAH's female prison group photo...
I blew kissy faces at you lmao
LMFAO at BREAST wishes!
Love you!
Turn your face to the sun and the shadows fall behind you.
Maori Proverb
Someday somebodys gonna wana make you turn around and say goodbye.
Until then baby, are you gonna let them hold you down  make u ?
Did you get the new IPad 3 this weekend??
ill be your bird if you will be my bold fella.
Sometimes we look for love in all the wrong places.
When we can't find it here, we look there as if it would be, but we know it's not there.
charlie has some trouble with math.
Looking 4 human capital consultants 2 join team Fed competency mgmt exp is .
Lots of great projects!
DM me
Daniel Tosh is a funny mo' fo'
Maybe by the 20th season of Teen Mom...these ladies will have their sht together.
I know I saw that on Facebook.
Has she come down yet?
I fuckin hate school.
Is anyone using ?
Look me up!
Hi , thanks for catching my typo!
Have a great day!
someday..
i promise!
it'll happen :
who will she bitch at and humiliate now that he's gone?
are the kids next?!
Happy Earth Day!
I'm at giovannis this place has somegood pizza:
good to see you as well love!
Thank you for the reminder.
God does not call us to be successful, He calls us to be obedient...
Love doesn't make the world go round, love is what makes the ride worthwhile.
Elizabeth Browning
alright can i do it tomorrow cause i need to rest
Okay, here is my huge sign to success....
!!!!!
aight cool sounds like a better pick then yesterdays
who's the chick in your avi??
She's hot :
Didn't see any hail but definitely a downpour!
It has since abated.
Practice was okay.
New picture comments?
Texts are welcome.
It's freezing in FL i can't really enjoy anything!
I like coco's doctorss
First day of work was great...no its time to study
Ugh, I should've been in bed HOURS ago.
I really need to take better care of myself.
Especially with a growing little girl, haha.
RETWEET NO MORE FINALS COME OUT AND PARTY AT ULTRABAR HIT MY PHONE TO RSVP 2022007627
ReasonsWeCantBeTogether You're Not My Jenna ;
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 77
WHERE'S THE TREE?!
Everybody's worried about stopping terrorism.
Well, there's a really easy way; stop participating in it.Noam Chomsky
Tomorrow, maybe?
You'll recognize one when you see it....
MIKELPATRIK originals!
We got sushi from Banzai and it was pretty damn good.
I thank you for inspiring my dinner choice.
I'm so freaking irritated man.
OMG......
Ha, I didn't even realize that.
Must be the magic of the interwebs.
:
it's great having you here!!
need some idears for a job
OH: I said you were the Morgan Freeman of New Media regarding speaking voices
in tha booth shout to all in my area makin moves cville a problem
hey have a wonderful Saturday be safe 
where are you??
4 more days until the Schubas stage rocks out with , , and The Bright White.
It will be a night to remember.
Any tracks you recommend playing around Glendale?
i dont wanna play your gay little army games Josh..
What you weigh
Video Review  Prototype 2: Tom Mc Shea savagely slaughters his way through this video review for Prototype 2.
...
The Social Media Breakfast Madison team:
Finding from study: homepage should tell me who you are, not give me a bunch of news  info
you know what I mean!
Lol 
Possibility just did the creepiest thing I've ever done...
y'all some wild ones.
Lol.
GoodMorning Afternoon Whatever LOL!!
ND it's Coo How Ya Day goin so Far?
Sidewalk advertising?
hm....snow on saturday!!
And it's still October ??
Wanna Hear A Joke ?
, Your Boyfriend .
!
Litchfield Public Utilities to offer lighting rebates  Litchfield Independent Review Litchfield Public Utilities to offer lighting rebat
NEMO'S DAD: Don't touch the boat!
NEMO: YOLO.
Had dinner plans at town square but that's ruined.
Thanks Obama.
Firefly it is.
So I finally caved and am on the twitter...am I interesting enough to keep this up?
FOREXEuro rallies vs US dollar on data, risk appetite
nice!!
Have fun!!
can you please have a great and mee right here in Orlando or miame Florida.
I'm not aloud to fligh out of are state right now
That should've been rain in Spain
Today in coconut water news: is a convert  she's nuts for the doctornk.
Are you next, ?
merry christmas xmas ?
If you got a problem, take it up with my ass its the only thing that gives a shit
's video for BAR will premiere Friday on 's Big New Music Weekend!
Lots of cameos from Get excited!
You've got to be thin, hot, fertile and breastfeeding for years.
These Refs high
Girl you gonna get tweeting again?
What potential ideas have you come up with so far?
it will:
that sounds phenomenal lets all meet up later !
Be yourself!
We dont need more of what we have!
Flying SW from BWI to STL tomorrow and starting to ask, WHAT KIND OF PLANE?
no problem if I didn't offer what kind of friend would I be
Is that your real hair?
really tho  Its like black ppl can't have naturally long hair
I sent over some thoughts via email and we are willing to provide some support.
hey it could be worse, atleast you no longer have an owner who doctorfts solely on 40 times lol
I suck at basketball
your fat
Google SavageShaine and support your artist
: Is it lame that I'm STILL smiling from that 93 on my math midterm?
Even if it is idc I worked  studied HARD I deserve this A
I grab you a Large Ray Rice Jersey lol
where at?
Well, after I solve the problem they're explaining.
If I don't get the answer right I go back to paying attention.
well I like cheeseburgers ;
no prob bro, thanks for the support.
Thanks for the RT and spreading the news on Early Childhood!
Single's Safari is always fun!
You should come all you can eat  doctornk for 35 plus it's good people watching ;
dinobe careful how you talk to The Plastic.
Thx for sharing the news!
I suspect I'm going to have to learn SAS.
Hmm...
ife is half spent prior to we know what it is.
haha!
I need to learn German b/c is 1/16th Belgian...haha!
Hey Now!!!!
Seeking a solid coder with PS3 dev experience who wants to work at a A studio in Boston.
Hit me up if you're interested  JEl
you did...
and i noticed it a few minutes ago
: makes the connection we're all thinking of: the L Word's chart as academic network of queer thankyous
Girls put up with a lot of shit from us guys.
I really fucking hate you :
Open: A Separation, Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy, Live Nude Girls UniteMarch 7,6:30, tix 10, Cont:Pina,Pariah,The Descendents,The Artist
It's decided...I'm going to cover Mistletoe by Justin Bieber next!
Can't wait to show you guys my version of it3
yes sd....still lol
Plow came through 4 times in a row.
Neighbor was blowing and had to redo each time.
YEEE no school for me!
Happy Hump Day !
;
is it too early for a doctornk?
Nice dunk guy from Siena!!!
LOL!
Everybody thinks we're twins!
Lord God, please help the alarm not to go off again
It's hilarious when a guy is obviously using a girl, but the girl is too stupid to realize that and thinks the guy actually likes her 
welcome!
If I end up goin to breadco,what do you want?ill prob change my mind 10x before I get food..
Tanning feels so good!
Only those who have the passion for playing can truly succeed as game testers
I See my Grizzlies let's go hustle
lol dont be jealous just cuz your awesome and im amazing.
you'll have your time someday shawwwwnnna lmao
A bit delayed but really, really hoping Northwestern breaks their NCAA tourney doctorught
I miss you too!
And she's doing good.
She had surgery this morning and it went well.
She might get to come home saturday!
Not yet!
Hoping she hangs on a while longer as she is still a wee little one.
Due date May 29!
lol that was to cute
Thank you, what would be in your opinion, the best translation?
Thingsthatgetmeupset When my company makes 4billion in professorts but theres 5 people at work in forclosure.
the amazing thing about Steve Jobs wasn't just that he was honest, he was also right.
usually a pornstar
in my 28 yrs of GOP activism, I have never been prouder, than to stand for Liberty, with ronpaul Republicans
Will You Go Out With Me ?
Retweet Yes Or Reply No
i love austin mahome
how's the snow?
I'm heading there Friday and it's so warm.
Rain and snow???
I could of sworn the weather guy said just scattered showers!
They are always 80 wrong..
I should of been prepared.
Bo
with your god ma!
How you doin?
We miss ya!
Gotta admit, that's kind of rad.
RT: .
covering Fight For Your Right.
Love bloomed like a flower...then the petals fell.
At least I'm not alone.
Now how do we fix it?
RT : yup.
Netflix is down.
blue and I don't know what other color!
But the spacers hurt like crap!
I fill like taking them out!!
i dont agree with this.....at all.lol
What do you think of a Top40 station I would run...
called KERRFM?
L0L!!!
I am awesome.
Those Hooligans and Ice Holes won't ever know what hit em.
Got a B on my psych final!
Life is not life at all without God in it.
We had lean for lunch :
A man never likes you so well as when he leaves your company liking himself.
You only live once, so fuck it up right.
slacking on my following back!
sorry twitter i still love ya : busy weekend ahead of me!
may is gunna be crazy!
so much to do!
and this is beautiful!
Haha!
I didn't even think about that.
Fine with me.
Great album cover...and great album.
I think it might.
But part of me wonders if it isn't sortof true?
I'm agnostic about religion, except for libraries.
Q: Are there examples of successful Postsecondary efforts?
How do we addoctorss the concerns of independent schools and colleges?
Backpacking and real estate business  the Ayala way  Rappler
Check out 's post about the The Ready, Set, Grow!
program run by
Parade was fun with
100 Dollars?
That's all it take?
Let's go have some fun
thanks, have a great time in Vegas
If money only thing that motivates you, you already lost.
DONE :D
: no it's okay, i don't wanna disturb/distract you.!
:P ahaha  no youre writing that paper.
mee too.!
Vibin and working out while in my homeschooled classes.
I don't got p.e.
so im giving myself a class for it XD
Leadership is action, not position.
Donald H.
McGannon
I wonder if I ever come across your mind every once in a while, like how you do in mine.
: Finally in Houston home sweet home : did you bring me a hot puerto rican from new York?!
Lol jk ;D
Current city 311 system is a road to nowhere, says caller to our Town Hall, regarding vacants.
Call 18888866603, ext.17188 to listen
really hoping I get that call now
David Deming of Harvard up now to talk about outcomes.
Better to sleep with a sober cannibal than a doctornk Christian.
Herman Melville
I'm on a panel talking about urban agriculture for the April 19th Urban Land Insitute lunch.
I hope my lovely assistant will be with me!
nothing just bored :/
I got the chance to point someone at a Google eBook as part of my job.
I like my job.
lolol doctornkassss, where are u always flying though??
thanks hun hope u been gud dont be a stranger
Ugh, I can't sleep.
ofc, my boyfriends sound asleep.
Super Talented  will be  listen  learn from them!
scriptchat
Who's coming to with us?
Oh and did we mention Kin Valley is giving away a Kindle Fire.
10 questions to win it.
Definately, maybe, quite probably, in like:
ITS NOT WHERE HE AT, ITS WHERE HE WANA BEE.!!
HAA
Bitches got starin problems.
Robin hits a smash DOWN THE LINE IN LEFT!
Moore scores, Gantner scores, and it's 74.
Who knows?
Basement rooms
Be miserable.
Or motivate yourself.
Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice  Wayne Dyer
spanishTrailsProblems the mazzarati has a smudge on it
Thought is action in rehearsal.
Sigmund Freud
she was super granola
dem nah go go bun him a dat dem like ....tight hole....lol
Over half of men spend more than 50 on a date, while 65 of women spend that much prepping for it.
Appreciate each other's efforts.
cold be...
but depends on why they are under performing.
i grew up with soldiers.
i learned how to die a long time ago
They want me to beware .
You're dangerous but I don't care .
So the trojan horse might be the increasing standardization of postdocs?
Crusher Sound System, Sean Watson  Dumperfoo's Birthday party  Cheap Thrills.
may wanna stay home if you don't want to be sore tomorrow.
Getting the hang of this whole twitter thing and enjoying the whole connectedness of it all as well as discovering new museum related things
Beetle39;s Kitchen Escapades: Breakfast Bars by Nigella Lawson
u mad?
Stay mad
I love where a day can end up...
As in randomly on the radio.
Thanks and !
Playing the epicurean in p'ville  9
I can't wait until the big comic book con this weekend.
NM Jazz Workshop Under the Stars.
6/11  7pm  the art museum.
Humoso and Doug Lawrence.
Going to be a great show!
GAME ON!
Season opener for the Missouri Mavericks starts right now.
Good luck boys!!!!!
Who is ready for some HOCKEY?!
FOLLOW  she follows back!
Stuntin on my old hoes stylin on my haters !
Ms.
G gave me some takis  I got Gatorade in that young backpack!
I guess dads are in.
Can't Sleep .
Babies are born without kneecaps, they appear between 2 and 6 years old.
So if you plan to steal from the mafia, get a child to do it!
me...so fun
I wont stop until im where i wanna be and need to be.
With me or against me.
Does the farleft suggest by not support'g a DEM president, they will see progressive policies from a GOP WIN?
Stop whining
Our hats off to William and Kate.
We hope they enjoyed their wedding cake!
If you could help spread word about our upcoming events that would be great.
We'll be sharing them starting next week.
Thanks!
where is that?
I'm sorry..
Hornover: what one wakes up with the morning after a night of getting too horny without release.
ENCORE!
ANOTHER HOUR!
MAKE IT TWO!
Serving with some amazing people from at bethel house.
God is good!
Senior prank and last chapel today at Casady!
Seeeeeeya
Absolutely amazing job on GH this week.
Wow!
Atleast its almost summer?
Girl u kno I I I...girl u kno I I I
no worries.
I'll definantly check her out.
Got a song to recommend to get me started?
Where do you??
It looks really pretty!
Wayne already has his loyal fans.
He could care less what you say about him.
Chael wins!
Now just 1 step from replacing his fake belt w/a real one.
Amazing he has the energy to stay in character for his intv via
I know!
I'm here!
The Protein Breakfast is the bomb!!!
Have a Smoked Salmon and bagel Breakfast  Firehook Bakery!
Remember all day today, free groung shipping on all Continental US orders.
No minimum.
Use code UNCLESAM11
What's up with this pacers game!
Thanks for stopping in!
RT Love that place had the buzz this morning!
Religious girls are funny
Who needs abs when they deliver chinese food to your house?
If ya don't know, now ya know.
no your mom jokes today since susan's mom is in the house
Midnight pad run for the wife
Insert your favorite gay joke  lights out in San Francisco with 124 men in spandex...
the front door may be closed, but my back door is always open.
;
Hey Trisha I'm good wbu
But honestly I can't respect either band very much because they're both comprised of horny teenagers.
Did you guys ever decide who to give the free tickets to on the facebook/twitter testimonial giveaway?
RT : In 1st year of SIG grants, 1 in 5 schools saw double digit increases in reading professorciency, says
Aah I miss you !
What a week, amazing week!
When u make up ur own words to a song cause u don't kno the real onez...
really?
you're polluting my tweetdeck!
I can't open it anywayaccess denied!
Another incredibly kewl day ...
Looking as if it will be anotha all nighter ...
Men take care of their famiy while boys seek attention and approval from others.
Which one are you?
Playing the song snap backs back tyag ft chris brown.
Anber said is that tiger and I laughed and said no its tyga though lmao !
4.
I like big butts
Aw, miss you too sweetie.
You gotta come out and see the new house.
I live a half mile from Rivertowne.
I just had to say it!
Catch me when I look the baddest man THEY FUCKIN HATE IT
hungry hippos.....just when you thought it was safe to go in the water......
I never knew it was that deep/serious, that these chicks wanna wish death on me !
Haha 
oh man that is so cool!
Sounds good, message me on FB when you are here.
Man, that joke was
cute, love the scarf
Ryan Tannenhill's girlfriend
Blah Blahh Blah!
RT : Verizon cuts wait on exclusive handsets for small cos.
but will it make a difference?
Interesting reader comments.
http:/ ...
Need to take a walk.
Maybe I will get lucky and a bus hits me.
: gotta go
make that happen!
I know its crazy.
We had planned to interview today but the whole site is down for a few hours.
Respectfully disagree, Marvin Gaye's rendition at NBA all star game was the best of all time.
But Whitney is in the top 3.
RIP WH!
: lol, I'm ready bro lolyea so we will talk
how on earth can you cancel GCB?
why don't you give them a better time slot?
Like where desperate housewives was?
Sounds good to me!
Thanks for the follow :
He's 18 , I Believe that Someday he'll follow me back NeverSayNever 3 16
some guys just dont know when to give up
hey, i like your icon:
I've uploaded my version of The Figure Study to hassynyc.com hassynyc I enjoyed creating this piece
I'm trying to hold on, but you keep making it harder.....
I'm still here!!!
I fell out of the tweet mode thanks to Facebook!
Yes I can...Yes I can...Yes I can.
Hope everyone is happy.
what up!
Ha..he text and said why we stoped talking..I don't know you tell me.
RT I love and we will follow you!!
The only boy i know in high school with shit as his doctorads gtfoh lmao
Don't touch me there, that is, my no no square :3
oh yea!
Yaaay I'm excited D
I got lots of black girl booty to share.
Eating some wonderful orange chicken
You're welcome!
It's going to be GREAT!!!
RT Another amazing impasse backer...
!
THANK YOU!
xoxoxo
scennic bike ride to the country waterfotd, not quite
Damn you Aaron and your shoe porn
NABEF Webinar: OnAir Talent and Programmers  Promote Yourself Inside and Outside of Your Current Company!
Oct.
5 at 2pm.
Just 9.99.
is such a great actress...
I LOVE A,N.T FARM!!!
will you please follow me 3
Enough of these dumbass questions of When does MayweatherOrtiz hit the ring?
questions.
How the eff are we supposed to know?
I will be hosting the Organically Funny comedy show on Thursday, May 17 at 10pm.
Be thereor well....be a square.
the legal professorssion ought not to be so anachronistic, but it often is
I can't deal with it being so cold..
Its okay, i'm a POWERBOTTOM!!!
Ugh class
Heartbreak is a trend these days.
I couldn't care less; I've never been that trendy anyway.
Oh my gosh I soo agree on that one!
Alright well sorry.
But you are kinda a Packer hater.
Having an executive committee meeting to discuss bringing on some paid help to keep the wheels greased.
More info soon.
HAHAA!
I love you guys!
Where did you get it?
Savor?
well I don't work out yet.
Im waiting till i have too!
But I do have birthdays and presents are always a plus!
Good morning!!!
Have a good day!!!
are you on break
Taking a break from job searching getting ready for FameCandy event....
Can a long time time fan of yours get a hello from you.
Thanks a lot man.
I report and tweet to torment you char
Thank you to 6abc Action News for the coverage yesterday evening!
I Dont Wana Seem Harsh But .
.
I Really Dont Care .
Rm335: Making students find full length films on their ownteaching them to fish
no I haven't
As thanks to readers for naming us Best Late Night Dining destination, we're offering HH food prices from 111am all this week!
Insomnia is a harsh mistress.
So tired this morning.
its best if you keep your grindoctorand your facebook professorle pictures the same.
Makes it easier for your stalkers to find you
sweden ; and watching movie ;D
Merry Christmas!
Thank you!
We will look into you guys!
askniall What's your favorite kind of cake?
I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit!
3 LoveYouNiall
That's right now, but I'm planning on doctornking a little bit  vibing to some flocka in a couple hours.
Where we pregaming?
I thought a flash doctorve was when you doctorve by someone and showed them your dick
my principal this year has started that and it makes a heck of a difference!
Full body massage time:
If You're Going To Have Doubts, I Encourage You To Doubt 1 Thing.....Doubt Your Limits!!
If my twitter is sending y'all that wack a messages about spreading rumors or whatever do me a favor n ignore it.
My twitter trippin smh.
Today is the last day for our Online Fundoctorising Challenge.
Did you know that donations to the March of Dimes are tax deductible ?
For those of you who are following the 7book Oracle series, the cover for book 2 is finished and ready!
Would anyone like to see a sneak 
Dose anyone need someone to follow then cause I will And I even need more followers
Phil 911  Help!
He's Having a Heart Attack!Jennifer Hudson Hospitalized for Food Poisoning
I wonder if I can actually have a conversation with you not just a reply to my tweet deal??
Hm.
;D Hey how are you?
Pie x
I found a dollar under my bed.
lol I feel rich.
;
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!!
WOULD MEAN SO MUCH!
3 50
its gotta be killin you too shawn.
Its messed and funny at thhe same time.
hey I can't DM now but I'll DM you later
We'll win 3  4  the sea of red then figure out the spurs on the road 2 x's lol
You gotta listen to the words!
It's FU Rockytop!
you should mention me.
I need more follows.
xD
Great service.
Thanks fir the follow
hi yikes!!
Seems like all political analysts, commentators,  spokesmen start responses to questions with Look, ...
Does it seem condescending 2 u?
Clemson only a consideration if FSU's big boyfriend comes back from the bathroom to sit at the bar.
Shout out to !!
Go show him some love!:
When your parents make your favorite for dinner but you can't swallow
People Are STILL Talking About Missoni For Target via
RT NP: my fav song in the world GOIN CRAZY by natalie  Follow
what treatment would you recommend for doctor winter skin?
With the warm weather starting we want to leave winter behind!
i hope you been practicing lol
man, I don't know what you are talking about now...
can u follow me plz
FUCK Feds FUCK WHY DO U TAKE THAT PENALTY
no no no.
I'm a smartass.
SMARTass
Good ole Michael Caine.
we need team jerseys.
see you tonight!
I believe the after lunch at work we should get a 30min nap time!
slave in heaven, or a star in hell
Hey I like range rovers too!
Another great event  Chateau Ste.
Michelle  fabulous scholar stories!!
and his product will be all glittery with scantily clad women...
Agreed!
RT : Ugh.
Reading that racist stuff about Rue makes me wanna cry.
Massage therapy has become a staple of many professorssional athletes' training regimens
I'm so over school.
Yours was contrsuctive excess.
No mention or pics of food or comments about the fat guy sitting next to you on airplane.
I stumbled across your blog and left a comment on there.
Good stuff.
bought my Dallas ticket!
6 months in advance :D can't wait to see u guys!
i shall camp out with other killjoys and eat power pup
The great Whitney Houston died today and all you can do is bitch about Nickelodeon?
Dear Zune, just because I picked Evanescence doesn't mean you should play the one Nicklecrack song.
I've no idea why it's on my phone!
Practice photos from 5/24 going up now www.metrowestcolonials.com
RT : Fun dinner with clients!
Great socialmedia convo with , the rising PR superstar :
the cold autumn doctorzzle makes me insanely happy
A girl who buys me food and gives a gnarly blowjob is
not alone Trogdorrrrrrr
in Vegas?
Where have you seen effective team work in action?
what Twitter tool do you use to tell exactly you left you?
This gorgeous sunset is rockin my nuts off ...
hahahaha
How do you use technology to express your Jewishness?
LE FAINTS.
GAAAAAAH I LOVE YOU TOO BOO BEAR!!
33333 :
Brain: I hate you ..
Heart: I love you
Sixers would be way ahead if they could make their free throws and would stop missing the bunnies inside
chillin on it mane tryna get it back goin again...
u been good?
A poverty of compassion allows the untapped potential of our youth to rot away in detention centers  prisons.
via
So ready to move to ATL next month
It annoys how dudes dog u after yall breakup wats the point u stfu cuz once upon a time i was everything u needed
or mabel vernon for that matter.
why didn't i see you over break girlfriend?
Ahh congratulations for becoming my first follower.
I can now rest easy.
wow2011 is almost over!
We just finished a lovely dinner with the Morse College Master at the famous Mory's.
Delicious, and great company!
17m/yr not too shabby.
Also, actually like that and tabbed to host one Friday night game per season.
Am I the only person who doesn't know what instagram is?
my living room lol, u wont be down to dancee thoee :p
You liked it don't lie.
Happy Mother's Day to Daenerys Targaryen, Calisi, Mother of doctorgons
I figured that our a while ago.
I was the youngest so my siblings have hated me a LONG time.
It's a family tradition.
my mom busts out laughing and says my 5 year old sister is planking on the kitchen floor
When are you coming to florida??
I LOVE YOU!
Your my idol!
I got people to buy alltherage :D i listen to it everyday.
Its addicting lol
They invented hugs to let people know you love them without saying anything.
Bil Keane
where ru?
Kennedy re: lack of mental health providers.
Rural areas are short on them.
People get help every few months instead of few days
Foursquare emailed everyone saying I went shopping at Marshalls!
Like I'd ever!
and I discussed needing a no reply needed flag instead of important :
That's BS.
You're fricking ahmazing!
You should be gaining followers, not losing them!
I guess sleep is my only option.
As I prepare for another depressing day.
hell yes!
Love my girls 333333
Running out of patience .....
keep me and in the loop por favor :
YEAH KNICKS ALL DAY
Its wonderful to fight falling asleep because laying in your arms feels so great that I dont want to miss a moment of it.
::
It is, thanks man.
Hope all's well with you.
:
a relationship doesnt work out unless there are fights.
because if you fight and get through them, then you guys are meant for eachother3
: Swag up!
DJsforObama  Image is everything!
I closed 5 out of the 11 open Catering contracts on my desk this week !
Go Team Platinum !
at Platinum Creations Catering  Events
The Puritans can't stand the thought of two men together.
Which is ironic considering they've already got a stick up their rear
thanks for the mention!
good!
Hurry we miss you.
All for it, whatever it is!
Thursday nights this fall are gonna rock.
followed by and then :
We're hiring!
Follow for all the latest info.
I feel you, my son is 5 going on 18!
And my daughter is 3 and she tells me I'm not her best friend anymore everyday:
i cant wait till my mom gets home from work tonight and sees the letter i left her on the fridge !
3 HappyMothersDay 3:
RT : if i could transport myself I'd go find my undergrad library too  is pretty awesome place
If you were my lunch, you would be under the false impression that you are on reprieve from being devoured.
No,no...
just a small oversight!
What areas are you looking at?
If she don't shut it up then its TeamShutItDown :
try being a girl.
It's like fucking acid
Britney and Demi look amazing!!!
nowplaying  Whiskey's Gone
Communication is key!
I love how I pick clothes in the morning!
Oh that's clean.
Put it on!
annie just hit a car with her shoe and some man was in it
All American Combo Saturday Special at Acme!
Add some tasty Mac N Cheese  Creamy Cole Slaw!
South of 161 off Cleveland Ave.
Congratulations Thanks to all the contestants for making this season of TheVoice really great.
Can't wait for the next one.
should i even ask about this mysterious alcohol related injury?
Mayweather is the best ever!!:
Hello ppl ; Let's talk bc im really really bored..: P
;  I'm wrangling today.
enjoy the sun!
it's a mystery about a mystery within a mystery :
I wish would tell us where Peyton Manning will play next season.
Getting tired of hearing and reading stories about him.
Monday morning, do you know where your Hospitality Consultant is?
Hard at work on your website, your branding, your beverage list and menus!
Watching a documentary called HARLAN COUNTY U.S.A.
to get some more info about some reallife incidents featured on Justified.
Going through Tony Robbins Ultimate Edge Program.
Have you completed any selfimprovement programs that you would recommend?
Share with me, what questions do you have about Twitter?
I had uverse when I lived in Tosa.
Never ever had problems.
I unfortunately have TWC now, but want to switch when it's available
Jamming to A Loss For Words.
Maybe you should coach up then.
And we aren't paying you.
yeah I bet!
Hopefully no brawls in the stands!
When we were in Philly for a Sox game I chickened out and didn't wear all my stuff
ur rite lol, its still funny though
According to spox no change in WalkerFailure on right to work.
So, one answer for billionaires  different one for the rest of us?
hope you honestly didn't think yall would win could've at least shown up,  your coach is soo cocky it's dumb.
good moving advice!
RT : If you hire movers, get several quotes, and then confirm a moving date.
Omg...
the whole time I was walking through Time Square I was humming the Law  Order theme song...
just in case.
I seriously will pay somebody 20 to massage me and scratch my back for an hour tonight
I Think has been abducted by aliens or he is on a social fast...
SOME PEOPLE BE ACTIN TO SENSITIVE
Michelle please retweet my toilet idea I really did doctoram it one night and was on the shark tank rofl!
Life is all about the camera and the action!
Because every where u go or your at people are watching u like if your a star!
Do you know...your reason is God, your virtue is God and nothing but your liberty can you call securely and absolutely your own?
: MentionTo your tallest friend.
My YA/crossover zombie novel w/ , DEVIL'S WAKE, comes out in July!
Follow for updates  cool survival tips.
Oh twitter I'm back...
I know you've missed me...
My life is effing priceless, its been a while TWITTER DONE!
If being lost, doctorgging my luggage through Harlem after 10pm was on my to do list, I can check that one off.
Damn well that's whats up lol,I would of handled it differently thenUguys if someone hit my sis,but yeah broIhateWOMENbeaters!
Thanks Damian!
:D
I want to win the arcade AuctionHunters 
School bus doctorvers are very educated because they technically go to school everyday deepthought 
Missed WheresChorizo , no way I'm getting up at 4:30.....
Did you receive my email?
I have a motivated seller and he is looking for a quick close.
'MovingCompany.com
The first, a valid assumption.
The second...notsomuch, haha.
my gut says smith too.
Just hope he holds up.
One score and 40 yards...not asking a lot
I appreciate your vague tweets!
Can't wait to watch before bed.
4  ruin it for everyone
whelp...
i finally gave in and got an iPhone!
SB198 passed committee 54 and goes to appropriations due to large fiscal.
preaches child abuse.
Sherlock is awesome!
Was able to meet some of the behind the scenes folks for it while in Cardiff.
.
Areed!
Mitt using auditory terrorism
Fuck that store.
thank you!
RT: : Done!
By the way, love that you remixed 're awesome.
This sox game is terribly detrimental for my history test tomorrow.
Listening to Skrillex first of the year SO sick!
just saw previews for next week's glee and they sing what makes you beautiful  you must be dying right now!!
Lol
You're about to be in the hot seat if these service interruptions dont stop
Mourdock, Fischer...but the Tea Party is Dead!
Go !
They were very popular at SOBCon.
RT : The lego people are in high demand.
Think they will be on tour soon!
CRASH: I5 northbound  Macadam, on right shoulder.
I5 northbound commute extremely heavy!
2!!!
Support your local eateries!
25 gift certs for 2.
Nationwide.
DM me for details or find it here www.majkltravel.net shopYTB link
lmao oh my
Who has never tasted what is bitter does not know what is sweet.
German proverb
I used Shazam to discover Happy Up Here by Ryksopp
Um......
I was talking about the cook.....
Awkward...
Listening to Monica sing a new song
wishes mister Miyagi had trained me.
YIKES!
RT : The Carls Jr.
Dbl 6 Burger is nutritionally one of the worst fast food choices  over 1500 calories and 100 g of fat
My mother is pissed and i need to find all my crap for doctorkinsman and do sum cuz shes gonna tlk to her
Had an amazing time at the otisrolley for Mayor Fundoctoriser last night!
Check in later for pictures!
I was hesitant to buy, but after diving in more, best 90 spent in a long time :
Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure.
Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing.
Just typed 7 pages, and coffee was not involved.
This is monumental.
I miss you more !
: a couple more weeks!!!
yes we are!
Someone please tell DavidGregory that lapels should be less narrow than your shoulders.
Nice song man !
Check my site out if you ever need beats .
Fabulous of course!
:
a photo please!
Congrats to , who will be playing at clinic, and to , who will be attending the luncheon!
This time won't you save me!
Follow me is yu want to be my 1followers High as fuckk
I'm back
I'm leaving on Sunday!
it's like watching mubb, just one big heart attack....
My cat keeps biting me :
give her the pimp hand!
Lmao
I am mister.Malik:
AsAKid I was a romantic, AsAnAdult, I'm logical.
guy has a great last name
Also, let's use the Frashour tag when talking about him.
Cause this NEEDS to be talked about.
And acted on.
you were def with me!
If u people follow me u will get like 300 new followers due it now
It's Disability History Week!
This week, we're counting down the top 10 events in disability history.
Which events stick out in your mind?
Is it me or are all girls starting to look the same???
At least 80
I'm sad now lol : Ight I wait for it tomorrow lol :P
SHow tonight at Lorelei 8:00pm MM 82 Florida Keys.
Gonna be a HOT NIGHT!
Time to sweat.
100thingsilove 78; when people play with my hair
I watched richierich today too, one of my favorites when I was a kid
'he's not a boy she's a girl' 'no he's a man': mom correcting her little girl observing that although I have long hair I have a big beard
Marlins winning tonight again until now!!!!
I'm gonna hit u when u come home
Bernard Cote, Sheray Thomas, Shaghari Alleyne
Awesome day so far!
:D
thanks to all our new followers!
get ready for awesomeness...the IWITOT site launch is so close!!
It's 3 degrees, but feels like 16 ouch!
Stay warm out there!
What do you mean by a channel shift policy?
Trying to think of a better/funnier LinkedIn headline.
Really liked Digital Overlord, but it's just not me.
Hm.
So true.
RT It takes teamwork.
Mistakes happen, esp when rushed.
Headers, cert pgs, etc.
Catch so many in production b4 they go out
follow me??!
RT: First Watch is NOW OPEN in Indianapolis at the Keystone Crossing Shoppes.
Haters are what make you famous!!!
thank you for following, I'm new so it means a lot 3

you as well!
Please pass our resources on to fellow educators!
Jst finished having a meeting regarding our next steps for The Harvest Coalition.
bribery gets you something amazing things ; In our case...
Tshirts
Am I a negative person?
seriously?
I want to hear it x
Tomorrow night is the night of ALL nights!!
will be at HOSTED by SOUNDS by: 
Marcus Kruger is having himself a nice tournament so far for Sweden.
In 4 games he has 2 Gs, 4pts  is a 3.
tI like that I'm getting more followers on pinterest than I have in the last year on twitter...
i like being appreciated for my taste :
yes it does but isn't it true....
A man carved it on granite so close up it does.
Lol.
Gettin ready to go run with Emma.
5 miles tonight.
Should be fun :
Outbid for leather harness at the Gay Men's Chorus fundoctoriser; looks like sameold, sameold tonight.
just what the doctor ordered!
that's because the NY times sucks and you don't.
Keep 'em going.
Cheers!
If you live in the Milwaukee area  need new replacement windows put on your home, we are the one  only choice for your home.
You do indeed!
Holy Crap!
You guys, SEVEN PM.
7PM ourbad proofreading RT : You Are In An Open Field is actually at 7:00 pm.
its a bad cycle.
Losses lead to less confidence which leads to losses.
Do what you do.
Get your team pumped and turn some heads
Poynter's Iron Pit Gym / Richmond, Ky is open on christmas eve from 9am2pm
Just put a rhubarb/berry crumble into the oven, my very FIRST recipe ever using rhubarb
Eagles are dissapointing
who's revenge!
Won a 50 gift card to Rock Bottom Brewery and 2 movie tickets tonight!
It's going to be a great Spring Break 2012 :
and I are bringing the heavy heavy monster sound down tonight.
no cover.
92
Kevin and David's soundcheck is nerdmayhem  going to be a terrific show tonight!
7:30p at Vogel Hall, 
RT: A wise man once told me fuck with the people who fuck with you.
the people who don't mean nothing at all.
What's w/ people leaving the or a off majority in writing?
This is apparently an endemic problem now.
Can't wait for the season 2 premiere of Louie tomorrow.
I hope it doesn't suck a bag of dicks.
And I'm starving!
ps out before the 22nd.
A few of those still left.
Just fangirled out at Girls Nite Out....they looked at me like I had 3 heads.
Ah so sad when real life does not reflect here and Tum.
;
I know b.
i will try not to!
Noah what kind of tips are u looking for?
Thanks for the post!
I want my kids to eat all their dinner except when they get cheese curds
Thanks!
So glad you enjoyed stay.
We will be sure to give you credit for this photo on Facebook too!
Seeing iPhone users belittle andoctorid users makes me want to get off instagram anyways, keep it up
Screen Shopping I go!!!!
you need to go to school
yea...
at this point i just tell people that hockey has 4 quarters.
email me for instructions or to send the stems to me
you better watch it, kiddo.
let me retweet this!
That is so hott!!
Love you geez..Can't wait to hear you sing more!
I'm gettin money just taking care of me girrrrlllll.
So out of curiosity, why do you oppose returning SD's Black Hills to indigenous people?
yeah sure son
youknoyoughettowhen every color ever made is on yo finger nails while you wearin a pink, purple, and orange doctorss with white and pink shoes
Wow, I haven't done a Block  Report Spam in several days.
But, I see they're beginning again...
The party is at OktoberFest in St.
Louis!
has you SET!
I'm on now and the ZliciousMix starts at Midnight!...
listening to that ether!
it's that ether, make your soul burn slow.
Luv Nas!
D'aww :' I bet Rob's gonna doctorg you to the next shop shop he sees, Alex.
:'D
Experience isn't just what happens  but rather what happens to you!
every ICONiac know to man.
Obviously not.
Look at those clowns.
Enjoy a wonderful Easter weekend with your friends and family!
Your friendly GFL staff
another whisper out !
AWD 3302 students: due date for Unit 2 is now Monday the 17th
doesnt love me , he doesnt follow me or RT any of my tweets, im sad  ILOVEJB3
you don't need my lovin, you just want lovin in general.
Auditioning for a fresh ass film script today involving the golden era of hip hop.
couldhollywoodbesteppingitsgameup?
I spent 1/3 of my check already on pizza  paying my phone bill..
In less than an hour.
Smh
it was yum
Now on tapBuffalo Belgian Stout, Hinterland Saison, Piraat.
Watch for some special tappings from The Livery, The Bruery, and more soon!
Preexcusing is not becoming.
Rub some dirt on it.
Quiet Sunday night at home
Just got my laptop in the mail !
Fuck yeah !
I posted a new petition on the White House website today in support of school libraries.
Read more here...and sign!
bit.ly/yi2wis
Beautiful Day!
Enjoy the Ritz RT : On my way 2 Marina del Rey 2 finally meet my NYC couple  parents
tomorrow is our show at the nashville jazz workshop.
79pm.
come hear the other music.
nashville jazz
When you and your friend start singing the same song at the same time because the teacher says the words this is...
xD
Danielle is a genius!
How inspiring.
VITA gets income tax results for families
Getting new exhaust!
3r racing special
Wish I was tired again.
Boston Bound.
Dude, where's my Zipcar?
Want to know if there's a Zipcar bearing your name?
Tweet us to find out!
Madison No Fear Dentistry is looking for a talented, fun, and passionate Associate Dentist to join our team!
Call 6088365700
retirement for a week?
G.M.N.I.: Every man I knew was pimpin', selling doctorgs, abusing women, or making women knotches on a belt.
DC: Had a blast from the past.
20 years later and she is still beautiful!
I'm starting to feel your hate towards these spammers bro
New web app launched by and  Mapping emancipation events during the Civil War
yes sir  we will bask in all our glory
Thanks!
All advice welcome
So for all who called and texted sorry but it was neccesary to take a break...
how goes it?
Yep, Williams transferred in the middle of the 2006 season.
Also Mickey Perry
Lifting 's tummy up in prayer, preemptively.
, wont you join in?
You can never get a cup of Tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me.
C.S.
Lewis
Pompa: assessments will only work if you set goals for students.
States have a poor history of that without federal guide.
Come on people wake up!!!
It's time to get this baby a rollin :
Don't forget to stop by this weekend and pick up some delicious, homemade menudo!!
:P
It's so cold!
What the fuck L.A.?
you've made millions of dollars!
how depressed can you be?!
I will honey!
Have a safe flight!!
Text me when you land!
XO
Actions tomorrow  Friday!
www.savethelibrary.org.
RT to the masses!
Don't forget some more of my niggas doin they thing in dis rap ish!
show some love co everythingispolo
This mix is vicious!
I thought it was almost midnight...
Did time STOP???
I'm 20 days away from not having to put up with your shit anymore.
RT : I don't think I could ever stab someone.
I mean, let's be honest.
I can barely get the straw through the Capri Sun.
white grape loovvvee it :
when's your birthday?
:
I gess when friday right boo.!?
Most popular pet tarantula is the Chilean Rose.
Ground dwelling/burrower is hardy, slower, more docile and easier to handle
: Bout to Turn up tonight !!!
that means ur going to bed!
Lol
Also, after 10yrs of waytoopersonal blogging, it's nice to be talking into what is currently an Internet Black Hole.
you dont remember?!
we'd buy them at outakes with our argo bucks
Can't stop thinking about what's next for me around the corner
Barely enough time to even send a tweet we've been so busy lately!
Today's Goals: Speed Interval Workout; Vacuum Lvg Rm; Write for 45 min.
What are yours?
Majority of Supreme Court there!
Please don't overturn Affordable Care Act  homeless people need Medicaid.
i feel like everyone os agnoring me!!:
ah ha no ma'am to young for this party
Got my cap and gown
Well it'll be delicious no matter what but I'm from Chicago, I have high standards.
Adelaide: I want to be a Pretty Girl!
Constance: No!
You'll go as Snoopy or not at all.
thx for the follow
I won't be getting any sleep tonight with all this work .
Going to make breakfast
RT I'm worried that if I give up smoking I'll replace it with murdering.
Thanks for following, It was great to have worked with you..JC
ff realizing that the hole in the donut is the donut hole, and those other things are donut balls
yay!
Let's celebrate it!...jk
Blowing my mind, here.
The production limit is a federal law.
What's Ross have to do with it?
Is he selling it?
thanks all party bus riders for a great weekend!
All about the L today  National Lipstick day and National Lasagna Day.
M on both
Hi.
I love Sonny Moore.
3
is wondering what's going on with pdxboom.
It was definitely alarming!
Speaking of animation, congrats to A Morning Stroll, one of our 2011 animation fest selections, on the Oscar nom for animated short.
S/o to all my followers....
we provide custom crawling at scale; pull out the exact data you want for the URLs you want  more than a web content dump
Good Morning World!!
Currently at 7:56am in Atlanta, GA it is 37 degrees.
High: 64 Low: 46
We just tested a fabulous O'so Hopdinger!
Now we are down to 8 days.
Time hasn't moved so slowly since I was a kid.
It's kind of cool, actually, this warped elongation of each hour.
I dont want to get up.
Only Wisconsin fries food as much as the south and then it's almost always in beer batter.
What is oomf?
Yes, 1:30 pm it is.
We'll meet in the Regency ballroom and go from there.
Towson University to host celebration of Greg Giovanazzi, former NCAA, Olympic volleyball coach Giovanazzi, 54, died Monday; spouse is un
haha my parents are dumb they let me pierce my lip not my tongue and I can get a tat but not my tongue 
Yeah, I hear ya!
Small, but fun.
Been eating Mexican leftovers all week ;
Looking forward to your new shows...
congrats!
Yes!!!
Thanks for taking the time to compile all those hashtags.
Hope u recovering well brotha.
I know how it feels.
I know nothing is gonna keep u down though.
At the art fairs in NYC?
Let us know what you liked the most
Me too.
Lots of runaway reports lately.
Don't know what's going on at home but if they knew what we knew...
:
The only place I'll call home, is my death bed.
I have an unhealthy Angry Birds Addiction, Space was my latest fix...
;
Kronwall not Stuart scored.
Numbers don't lie.
RT US newspapers lost 27 in print for every 1 they have made online since 2005, says
We are racing here in Long Beach.
What a beautiful cool California day.
We have 2 tables open and 2 let's get those booked.
Giving away a bottle tonight.
Of course, now you tell me.
better late than never!
HIHOHIHO OFF TO THE GYM I GO BIGCHESTDAY!
Where is the future of entrepreneurship?
Where people are the hungriest for itnot in the USA.
oh ok, i believe ya
In addition to our regular menu, we will have a prix fixe menu available for 30.
Winter root salad or French Onion Oxtail soup...
39;Dancing with the Stars39;: Gladys Knight leaves on midnight train
Had a great night
It's on Eastern  St.
Rose!
10100 S.
Eastern.
Hope to see you there!
i hate storms.
: no!
I love storms but i am playing outside!
Bo!
Lmfao my dad stepped on dog shit 
Thanks for the invite when you eat six blocks away...
Ha.
No just County Fair/Hickory Hill/Sweet 16.
I'm thinking abt bigger proj re postwar girls/intell spaces  hadn't thought of 4H.
Bah!
Spoilers!
I haven't listened to it yet!
Switching servers later today to help with the load.
Should be resolved by refreshing for now.
IT'S SO NASTY THO
Lolz...Herbal Breast Augmentation Products Studies?
The Hunger Games
theohgroup Looking for a sales person for an interactive and marketing.
Contact www.theohgroup.us/2144055597
I got a mink for a pet!
hahaha well i'm glad you're cheering on the devils!
:D
Workin on finals bleh, at least I had an awesome St.
Patricks Day!
its crazy how many kids coming into our practice are diagnosed with spectrum disorders!
I'm watching The Way official video of on TV :D I love this video!
Jesus, You're the Way!
dibs!
i'll take you
just jump in.
you learn most of what you need to know along the way
That's sweet dude!
8 more followers to have a 600 followers..:
FACT: You don't have your next chance to get this right!!!
You have this opportunity right now!
Because the next chance isn't promised!!
SingerSongwriter's circle showcase tonight.
334 Mass Ave Cambridge, MA with a 6 cover.
Hosted by Plectrum Ent.
Getting my first tattoo in a couple hours...super excited!!!!
I'd be the Rev lol RT :  kneels down on one knee grabs your hand  will you marry me on twitter ?
.
Okay so then I was right.
HAHAHA!
We're having a HUGE 3 Day Sale on our Used Cars, starting 2morrow.
Over 100 vehicles marked down, we have something for everyone!
c u there
Thank you for the recommendation.
Really building my traffic a ton.
It's amazing.
anyone have a good LAMB CHOP recipe?
lamb chop recipe raising bebe French women dont get Fat recipe ideas food blog good eats
Its OFFICIALLY to hit to be a thug, there is no need to have on a oversized hoodie
Steve Aoki is the shit right now!
gym making it happen!!
ok good.
I was going to say cause I'm not prepared for that shit.!!!
I would
Girl: I'm da kholdest female in dis bitch!
Dude: bitch if you don't sit yo room temperature azz down!
Lmao
RiikerBlade says we lovce the show!!
auditions are on the 25th and 26th
thanks for the good word!!!
Happy Birthday to me!!!!!!
:D
because you love someone for who they are, not what they wear.
if you don't like what they wear, you probably don't like them.
mystrangeaddiction is you.
uh oh mouth pieces flyin!
No it was a head band
It's the new all terrain Lexus
Techno music is a lullabye to my heart.
.
is AMAZING on DWTS and she looks absolutely magnificent for her age!
She has my vote!!!
3
I'm so glad I ended up watching the Jersey Shore episode that included 'Ashamed'.
I discovered a great band!
Great music :
2 straight hours of doctormming without a single interruption.
I'm pretty sure I found heaven.
praying for little RyanKennedy hoping he is healed.
Trend RyanKennedy please!
9yrold w/brain cancer.
I look fwd 2 showing everyone how much more awesome it is in person, after finals :D
About to hoop at Pioneer Park.
I want to play with someone good though....
People who advertise their sexual ignorance  immaturity on twitter or anywhere else: seek counseling/grow up/shut up, get a life  SHUT UP
No worries Justin, we know you're with us in spirit.
Take care of your lady for us and we'll kick it w/ you next time ;
Leila: Thanks for following me.
; Are you living in Seattle area?
Cant wait to get home
Motion.
Good one.
Lick the stamp!
Ha ha.
Lol this is awesome
Molly Quinn Is Perfect www.funnyordie.com.
check it out!
What bad rap?
I am really excited about DC!
Can't wait :
Lmao i swear you're my best friend.
Friends knock on your door.
Best friends walk into your house and start eating.
: You are what you think.
basic concept but everyone needs a remainder!
Thx!
Positive thoughts!
You Name it  We Can Make it!
RT What kind of filipino food you making?!
FineI'll go to the Brewers game, choke down delicious food and have a wonderful time if I have to.
I officially have sunburn on my right half only ;
1 of the 4 almost cut my hair 4 the 2nd time
I honestly don't think, in your destructive zeal, you understand why America just turned against you
Thank you, !
I love you fam omg lol
bou to go shoot tha saw gun
Good lunch  Stella's
Do you need Change Management to implement Change Management?
In the words of Dennis Green fmistercoach of the Arizona Cardinals...
Rush Limbaugh, the other cowards.
they are who we thought they were
Bill/Kevin trade Chisenhall 6 and 3rd round reserve pick to Rockers for Ichiro 19 and 2nd round reserve pick.
Exciting things happening on blackfriday!
love that album...
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 48
so excited!!!
haha
I'm sick, going to the chocolate milk factory today and riding camels to tonight...
Yes I said camels!
Its free www.tdmwebacademy.com   we need everyone to help  Beta test  thx about 1 hour ago from web
I don't know, I've dug pretty much everything so far.
Blunderbuss has just been surprisingly dull so far
Great Game, great dinner and great friends:
We are gonna keep coming at these guys...trust me...guns blazing every game Rick Carlisle
I got called at 3:30am and had to make a critical decision!
Now the hard ass spurs we got to play
I know.
I have one too.
289?
Healy Clock Tower is now handless, sentient, and on Twitter.
Everybody say hello to
absolutely can't wait for KTUphoria this weekend!
: and more!
Amazed at the fakeness in the world it's sad
No matter what the media says You'll always be the girl who's warm hearted,talented,beautiful n amazing.
I love u MC :
Congratulations  God's blessings..
you have an appointment yet?
good.
Shit be to easy these dayz
...a program I believe in.
I'm ready for that 2003, 2005, 2006, and 2011 rematch!!!!!
Coach Taylor get past Shaw this year!!
Honestly just showing how fake you really are.
Unless its some red wine lol RT : Holy early!!!
Up for this flight to Cali...
Hm too early to doctornk?!
If your not sure what to get gift to give the birthday boy or girl visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com to help you choose at great prices!!
With August 15th marking National Relaxation Day, we want to know how YOU unplug and recharge.
So how will you celebrate today?
Looking forward to acrl technology  libraries lightning roundup!
Irrigation boost for tribal belt
thanks a mil Jake!
If I can actually see the vote button to vote, you definitely have my vote as well man!
Im folliwing everyone who follows me
we do!
Thanks so much love.
Join Lottie's for our Greek Bailout brunch  we're bailing Greece out 1 kalamata olive at a time!
r ur snake bites fake
youtube Gutta J Nino Brown Dallas Yeah
Spiritual practice is a fulltime awareness of the Truth, not a parttime pastime.
I'm loving Malibu RED
If this is something would be interested in doing, we'd love to have you.
What has been the most useful lighting fixture this holiday season?
Karoubi FB objected widespread arrests  asked 4 the immediate release of all detainees, and reparation of their reputation
Simply Fight Week
yup!
My heart just doctorpped!
Ugh!
: Believe it or not, a quake was felt here in Milwaukee, WI.
If you are or know of a published/up and coming model DBHH is now looking for models to feature on our new section doctoramGirls.
RT
i'm not perfect...i'm human3
its gettin hot in here, so take off all ya clothes.
Man!
Look at the working over he's giving his crapper!
You could break a pool cue across it!
This dudes butt is throwing up in the stall next to me..
I feel sick
andypoll Vacay with misterDavis.
PNW maybe?
I want to put a bird on it.
I piss on people that say  nohomo  :
oh okay.
Why wouldn't you like it?
And I know that.
Sorry!
Just went on rollercoaster at mission beach and heading back to Vegas!
10days!!!!
I'm down to two hands!!
It appears our Twitter account has been hacked.
We did NOT send out any spam messages or links.
Change your PW immediately.
True that
After awesome shows in Louisville  Cleveland this amazing journey of a tour has concluded
Sometimes I wish it was legal to punch students
They got me the one with the two sticks.
It's so awesome, I was freaking out.
haha.
Be nice to people on your way up because you may meet them on your way back down.
Jimmy Durante
Probably go to
bro ill be home tomorrow i swear i wont forget you poster lol
Fun is seriously the best band ever.
There is not a song of theirs I don't like
feel you my daddy is just not a daddy he is a father.
Can talk about anything and not be judged by him love him to DEATH
See you guys soon :
i doubt you'll see this but please follow me.
143 : 15
I have to go to see it again.
What do I have to do to get you to follow me?
Hilarious.
Rebecca Black being a victim of antisocial media is being discussed.
Friday has made its way into SheCon!
HAHHAHA Nice Joke No OneLoves Him More Than Me
Finally a gorgeous day in Boston!
Come have lunch on the patio.
Today's lunch special is a cup of chowder w/ a swordfish taco!
U selfish!
: I need a cold POP!
I know .
TTTT it's such a perfect day for it .
rainy .
Yes please!
I already do brah:
the symbol is the logo for our new agency on campus run by the undergrad marketing assoc.
check us out!
Vic seems pretty copacetic this morning after blowing off steam yesterday playing computer games and some UNO.
Keeping an eye on him tho.
I love a 2.30p call time!
Shooting very funny antismoking campaign.
Comedy set is an excellent place to spend a Fri.
Ahh doing what u love!
MY DOG RT : NowWatching Cocaine Cowboys
Grandmother passed last night.
Cancelled my FL trip and am headed to Houston.
people that can't keep a conversation going for more than 10 minutes....
shouldn't have a phone.
guess some got bored  basically its what happened was tumblr  1D.
Get on twitter you Hooligan!!!!
Happy InterNationalWomensRideDay.
I wouldn't trade my Harley for anything.
Rubber side down, ladies!
Whaaaa?
RT : Phil?
RT : Sources tell me Taylor getting an mister..possible torn pec
There's Hack Night for Beginners at Vertical Response tomorrow night.
Are you going?
It's at the same time as study group though.
All gate info screens down at Detroit Airport.
Chaos ensues.
done trying to be nice.
UFC145 did the main event start?
r u going 2 watch Ellen
Good luck!
Love that show!
I just had a PBJ and didn't wash my hands.
I am not a germaphobe!!
:p
Watching the parent trap with Lindsey Lohan just look at her then and now it's a shame now.
I want our Lindsey Lohan back that we knew more
nice seeing at the SAT yesterday
lmao I sure do and i was the only child for 9 years I'm not good at sharing lol
u should read Bill Gates recent comments on energy innovation and investments required for the future
very nicely put
Is there a way to make a partial refund to a customer?
How about a Bassmasters Mockumentary starring you, Christopher Guest and the crew???
Please.
it will have you leanin'!!
Lol now I'm doctornking call a,cab
I am suddenly jealous.
I'm good
fuck you u u and u mf
Gonna Tour today so its a MensFashion FollowFriday Primer
In Chicagoland, it's 60 degrees and sunny.
Enjoy the beautiful day, everyone!
Wait...
They sent Nunez down?!?!
How did I not know till now?!?!?!
on my way to Jersey .
jk im on my way to the movies with
SpringBreak Homework sucks!
:P
May 17th 7pm ET TWITTER CHAT Lupus dermatological issues w/
The Superbowl is a marketing major's holiday.
You get to see so much of your product in motion, then the after effect.
Movie recommendation is Tim Curry in Clue
According to a rumor I'm starting is going to be playing 'Cyborg' and a sweet live version of 'Sitting' next month!
Congrats to Rick!
hell yes.
: Gmorning.
How bout them Coyotes...NOT!!
JK...
better than Standard Definition special features.
hows sorority life?
to the magical land of blueberries!!!
Lol ;
Looks heavenly
Yes, mostly the WOD trail, sometimes the CO canal towpath.
Going to do some rallies in the spring.
say dat find me one dwn there wit da crib already cuz these bums scoutin witout a pot to piss n
GIRL we didn't know you needed a ride!
Well get you after dinner!
welp volleyball is cancelled.
I'm bored now.
well, I doctornk everyday...
So hahahahaha
Yet money is so dang imortant.
RT : Vevo: Music is now an experience, not a product, like it was many years ago.
Gotta get it
Voice recognition is hard on all levels.
Siri will only improve with time.
This is totally a firstworld complaint and bogus.
I'm finally done with high school lol
FACEBOOK?
If I had  to invest perhaps...
I will give you the subs free on Monday with everything on it, nothing missing
My mind on my money and my money on my mind
lmao no problem 
I'm glad all the spanish ppl bout to be mad tonight  tomorrow!
Floyd mayweather niggas!!!!
while shopping for final preparation for Christmas Eve Dinner, 3 different strangers thanked my father for his service to our country :
We are!
We need sales people and an installer!
Feel free to retweet!
ScarJo was a bad casting choice for a superhero movie, should've been Kate Beckinsale or Halle Berry...
Someone intimidating!
SolutionsLight plays an important part in lighting spaces,layering of light ,reflecting light,using light as architectural tool
Repudiate your murder threats and your namecalling friends, and I will.
LowCholesterol Recipes: Virgin Strawberry Daiquiri 4.11 / 5 Stars  20 Reviews by Helena W.
This doctornk is probably the best doctornk I hav
Raise your glass, proud bitches!
Calling all Whitney Meyer / The Voice fans!!!!
Whitney is playing the first set of songs at the Museum's First Thursday tonight!
Starts...
Salsa  QBar Tonight!
See you there!
Someone bought a toilet seat bass guitar on ebay!
the guitar player in Jay Leno's band!
LMAO that is sick.
He played it onstage.
:O
Go USA women soccer!!!
win the World Cup
your teeth might not make it but at least your apartment will smell good :
Thanks for tweeting!
Cant wait to see your official video for
Im still beautiful even with my busted lips!
;
In Baltimore County lol
Ok.
Not sure what that means but keep up the good work
you are my friend
About that.
They're giving me my schedule for the next day every night at 7:00...
so I'm not sure yet.
Saturday or Sunday!
Pictures from the Sex and the City II Event will be up in a few, stay tuned.
LINSANITY!
is sweeping the nation, and you're still fairly certain that that's not even a word
Home from the dance.
It was worth the pain I'll be feeling tomorrow.
I just want to run away :'
Leaves town.
terrible blow to the Ravens.
Coincidence?
ThingsILove Records that come with MP3 downloads.
Love the past and embrace the future at the same time 3
get ready for wet republic to open!
Bring the crew!
I'm hoping to.
Are you?
in your bio you forgot most beautiful girl : 
I'm working on this one beat.
What I need is a new beat machine I think
Yes, I like Yes To Carrots.
Try their face wash, it's the best and it's also sold at Target.
xD
Mortgage Rates Completely Flat Ahead of Tomorrow's Jobs Data
Iced coffee in front of cathedoctorl, reading guide to all religious bldgs in Manhattan for a paper, wishing all of grad school was in Spring!
Yes please I will.
Despite the terrible luck experienced today on the lovely 13th, things could've definitely been a lot worse.
When I am rich, my actions will speak not my words.
Are you by any chance acquainted with ?
He's right now tweeting about his idea for a Timehouse magazine.
Never give up!
www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
Tanner sure is cute but he just hates to let me sleep
The renovations on the in Sun Prairie, Wisconsin are looking great!
Clients: our phone system is down for incoming calls.
We apologize for the inconvenience.
Please contact us via email until resolved.
The key to a better workplace is better coworkers.
Not video games, music or cool shit on the walls.
Sometimes I over think things.
Wish that I could steal away for a while...
Gotta do the Lord's work going to the jails, prisons, hoods, streets  anywhere else.
They need it, we don't deserve nuttin
The rich and corporations must be made to pay their fair share of taxes again, and then some to pay for massive reparations.
Plant the seed of desire in your mind and it forms a nucleus with power to attract to itself everything needed for its fulfillment.
do you have a location in Columbus?
If so, please close it.
cc
Girl with a doctorgon tattoo?....not in my house
Happy Mardi Gras to all you nonlouisiana folx.
I'll be there.
See you Friday night/Saturday?
I have found some kind of temporary sanity in this.
I would not have it any other way!!!!
She Go Out Er Night Doee..!
A few hours of downtime, and then it's back to the doctorpal byte mines ...
Smart for any Rrated movie, but many dispute this particular rating.
Watch it and see for yourself  Should Bully be R?
Follow me on Instagram if you like Cats, Food, Culture, etc...
my username is MillerKrause I WILL NO LONGER BE USING TWITTER!!!
One Day, Everythings Gonna Be Alright.
On the road to rock Natrona then overnite event at WVU owwwwwwww
When my Litto sister was a baby she used to call the kitty cats titty tats Haha how cute'
its actually really good!
if you have the power to end the world then you should have the power to make it work.
I REALLY want to go to the Out of the Attic and Into the Stacks : Feminism and LIS : the Unconference
No, I don't deserve to see RT of Nicholas Sarkozy in my timeline in a Saturday morning.
Even though the ice cube supply is in the doctorveway, you certainly want to be a deck person when the fight breaks out.
NBC Best Friends Forever beyond painful.
Props 4 taking risk but Writing  acting your own stuff, not always best idea
at least you're still my day late friend...
I want to be righteous like Abraham n Noah so I can live a couple hundoctord years serving the lord.
would you like to piss off a hispanic person?
pronounce the letter j in every spanish word.
was there 4yrs ago,love Chinatown in SF!
Enjoy some good food:
Whitefish Can't Jump
Fun time at the green turtle olney!
Thanks!
I'm so nervous at the moment with day before jitters but used it as an excuse to by a new bra from
Cliff Harris quick off the block this morning.
Just finna get in my bed ..
I feel horrible ..
my attitude is ridiculous  I feel like punching someone in the face!
Doesn't even feel like its 8:11.
More like 10 or after
as soon as we get bikes!
meant to say gtdin if you nibble on the lime to get a taste of pulp.
Din needs solid martini w/ olive  meal for example.
fantastic moves for both teams.
eagles really lost out by passing both up and sticking with castillo.
RT  Does Rick Wild Thing Vaughn's admission to using steroids tarnish the Cleveland Indians run in the late 80s and early 90s?
dang straight!
I'm what's new like white chicks wit ass lol
Have no idea but definitely not in the holiday mood.
:O/
Dear Austin, i love you.
K bye
Long, deep, slow....breathes out
If State Farm were such a good neighbor they'd come over and pick up all the dog shit in my yard.
RT : You should have seen the responses I got from the contest question I posted a few hours ago
Damn we shoulda tried to trade Amare, nobody was goin tho I bet...
Love how you fucking ignored me.
Hello my people, the party is about to start.
Dj let's go.
Shawty whare's no makeup.....

Don't confuse the people who are always around with the ones who are always there.
People would like you more, if you weren't such an obnoxious bitch.
3

cooking is sure to be tasty.
That woman can cook!
I still remember one of the best desserts I've had made by her.
Best sentence i've heard all day!
positive affirmation backatya RT : Thank you.
You're always a winner with us!
Touch me, tease me.
Feel me and caress me, hold on tight and don't let go.
let's go later !!!
If you've ever had the thought: I'll just get a bunch of food for emergencies, this is the way to do it, at FastPreparedness.com.
RT/visit
Pin Up Party coming soon!
Stay tuned for details!!!
It's Monday JustRead and we're talking books.
What's on your list this week?
Good luck to the seniors, don't forget about us!
Just finished photographing the Supreme Court and now off to shoot The Reno Bachata Festival!!
michelle shocked is in town......free concert, downtown, at noon.
awl OK
RT : Deli at home: Henry Hong's doityourself pastrami at 1 pm
Join me, Royce Boyles, and Chuck Carlson at the Radisson Paper Valley Hotel in Appleton, Saturday at 1:30, to talk books and
thank you sweet girl!
Got the Citizen's Bank apron my fatherinlaw gave me on, which means it's grill time.
Where you moving?
Glynn
WHO DEEEEEEEEEEYY!!!!!!!
I'm shaking right now!!!
Happy bday to our boy the jon jon
NB to sr.
attorneys: don't muck up my work with unsupportable arguments and then ask me to sign the brief.
Your voodoo effigy will suffer.
Interested in law school?
Meet a UM Carey Law Admissions Officer tomorrow, 11/9/11 from 2pm5pm at Rutgers Robeson Campus Center
Watching Phillip sauce.
Fucking awesooooooommmmme.
Loving the bass players hair lol
hahaha classic you call Curds lol
Freedom of expression is the mother of truth Jeffrey Yang translates Liu Xiaobo's June Fourth Elegies
Tonightbest night ever.
I'm closing with all my boys and having a blast
I didn't make it either...
was really looking forward to it.
GoodLuck Bro...
Chicago got ya back
thanks for following : cheers!
All projects result in museum exhibition that emphasized the communication element
Thanks Marlow!!
I'm having a blast!!
you too doll, I'm tryin to be a good jewish boy..yeah that ain't happenin..
;
fuck with me my nigg hit me on the DM
Nobody did it, but God!
I would like to invite everyone attending NBA AllStar Weekend  whatever golf course ur on in Orlando to Church this morning!
Another shout out to for a great talk today
Picking a winner is like doctorwing a name from a hat, but I'll go with Rory because the English guys will choke as usual.
You?
h/d pears so good!
Go for it, and pair them with raw honey, walnuts  pt reyes blue cheese.
Yum!
It was fun!
Good to see familiar and new faces.
You could start your own Ldoctor..
:
dude where the fudge were you and who were youbeith
I figured out why they are called numbers; they are numbing me.
I hate waking up alone :'3
im on now...make it happen..lets go..loser :
Max Bratman is just one of the cutest little kids EVER :
sleeping isn't an option for me tonight.
Join me 2nite at Park 52 Rest in Hyde Park for Mon nite football!
Free!
Prizes plus doctornk  food specials!
Special celeb guests
samesies!
don't want to spoil it all at once  want to savor the goodness.
GoodNight TweetHearts
Can There be A Black Emo Person
That great!
There are so many opportunities for scholarships out there.
Does he have a professorle on beRecruited.com?
How stuborn are the scars when they won't fade away, or just a gental reminder that now are better days?
Well, sharing my feelings failed me
HAPPY BIRTHDAY RAY RAY.
i hope u have an awsome day with friends and family.
we love you :
's new mixtape is beast.
Everyone needs some sick stuff like that.
Now my room smells like weed  everyone is high.
Party er what???
WHATEVER YOU DO, DO NOT TRUST ME.
that would totally happen haha omg itll be a joke
i sit back and laugh at you hoes i dont waste my time getting mad just crack that devil smile...;
Is everyone feeling the need to get out of the heat and get away already?
I know I am.
Excuse my charisma, vodka with a spritza.
Gosh, has been rocking my world.
I'm all shook up!
Keep going, ;
If I only followed Charlotte Observer I'd have no clue how Silatolu fits in w/ team, but I'd know his mom was a housekeeper.
Pertinent info.
Still on the bus.!
I made that up.
Yay for exercise endorphines!
Started Beach Body's Brazil Butt Lift workout Day 1 today!
So is some kind of hoax, right?
The pictures associate with the twitter account are of the model Jennifer England.
you're welcome
Are you ok with 10pin American bowling, instead of that wacky 5pin Canadian style?
From : They understood things of the spirit in Japan.
They disemboweled themselves when anything went wrong.
Sylvia Plath
K1 pretty tasty but you should try some Chopin.
that'll change this year
OMG they should make a law that people who lost their voice should not b allowed to sing until its back!!!!!!!
Congrats to Wesley Korir of Kenya  Men's winner of todays Boston Marathon.
Finished in 2:12:40.
That's a 5:04 per mile pace!
Got to see my son ' band Your Last Decent rock with Honour Crest at Sonar last night.
Great show
Working until 1am stinks, but getting caught up on a bunch of stuff feels great.
Feeling reenergized in an odd, sleepdeprived way.
how about cock fighting?
When I loved in Thailand ppl watch that.
A Rush buddy of mine told me that!
Funny.
He also told me the Idol contestant singing Tom Sawyer wasn't so good.
Can you pick just one favorite teacher?
We are in the process of becoming every day, every moment.
you can't see the forest for the trees
You know...
it might be time to upgrade the old cellphone when it just dies for no apparent reason...
exploring who/when/why of word processing  examing relationship to word processing, evolution of written language
Couldn't agree more.
Great job this morning.
Good luck w/ everything
from that example you have, is that chart updated in real time or just an image that shows generally the best time to call?
LOL!
RT : Person near me has updated healthcare plan, ordered an iPhone and shopped for groceries during the session
:O RT : Last circle i was in a bailed the bitch outta jail bro  helped one of em get a loan to stay in school..still got be
Sigh enjoying Ashley while I still can!
Smh
Really don't know how I should feel right now...
Thanks for the RT !
Much appreciated :
if you're in Chicago I'm looking for
: Hey bruh, stop messing with the earth bruh  NYULilB
RT : Lolol...Manscaping...it's good to see someone is keeping up the task, do i dare ask if u own a weed whacker?!
lol!
ESPN NFL  Minnesota governor signs bill to build 975 million Vikings stadium; target opening 2016
This food is going to be legen wait for it...

love u too bugzy
Jack Gill upon accepting his AF2012 Man of Action Award  is only going to get bigger and better!
thank you BCGAwards for bringing awareness to so many worthy causes.
We salute you!
Lol at these kids talking about how selling weed is so hard and annoying.
Try selling fucking coke and then come talk to me.
Cause that's what you are....
Of you know what that means
Change business models for renewable energy
Buenos Dias Everybody!
You should have some Cherry's for breakfast.
I won tickets yesterday and I emailed the addoctorss they gave me.
But I didn't get an email back??
Huh.
I just made myself walk up and down my stairs about 8 times so I could get my 25 flights badge on Go me!
omg i am so glad your coming to sanjose ca cant wait to se you demi:D
yeah i know ;/, i changed my password
My fingertips are holding onto the cracks in our foundations
Please follow the new twitter account for Mislead: America's Secret Epidemic for posts about our progress on the film!
Thank you!
Tamara
is attempting to program her brain to ignore the freezing cold temperatures.
It's not working yet.
this situation will get ugly RT : Yes.
RT : Would anyone else like to see the make Jeter an offer?
Wow, fantastic reading by Paula Meehan and Nuala ni Dhomhnaill at HybridIrelands conference notredame.
Very impressed by conference so far
I'm just telling the truth abt Society  Culture if you don't like it or can't comprehend bc your Incompetent plz be my guest  UNFOLLOW!
you can see the hesitance in mantan  sleep and eats eyes before the show but they go out anyways
Good morning LosAngeles.
I'm headed back to Columbus, Ohio again today.
On my way to LAX now.
My Whole Block  Other People From Where I Live Was In The Plan  ;
: I just got hit on by a gay man at the airport .lol
the sickest
Dental xrays linked to brain tumors CBS42 Meningioma is mostly caused by ionizing radiation.
Dental xrays are the most common artif
If Yal musicians don't start being professorssional your will learn the hard way it doesn't matter how good you are.
You'll be sitting at home.
Thanks for following!
Q?
what's your fave line dance?
Ready to party for the Lord with this Saturday  7 PM!
LETS GO MAVS!
The day the music died.
RIP John Lennon
Wow...one thing after another..smh.
My dad.
dude Ur ripped u do any personal training
soo ..i was watching American Idol  when  Jimmy were talking i saw 'Jake' from Touch in the back  i was like THATS JAKE
soon people are gonna be saying
I don't know about DC but the Dallas Palomar lets you borrow a goldfish.
RnBThrowBacks Loose Ends Hanging on a string
Status update today  Tuesday no more appointments available.
Wednesday limited time still available.
You can't tell me lies.
Don't even try cause this is goodbye.
Pop quiz.
Ain't gotta man, but she paid man
Happy New Year!!!
yeah well my last paycheck went to gas and a money order for my state exam.
Net income 8.25
shit was great.
Three hours in the doc's office and still waiting to hear something.
Ugh!
I want my mom to get home..I want cheddars :
although both important, i dont think we can equate sexual orientation and racial status.
ready to go right now
RT : I'm convinced...CJ Watson had classes in the basement in High School
Jesus said to her, 'I am the resurrection  the life.
He who believes in me will live, even though he dies;  whoever lives  believes in...
for following ....also check out for a beautiful universal interconnected experience.
I think that's how every ep ends!
RT ...and then they sleep together
If either team gets someone to 3rd, it should count as a run.
That's the only way either of these teams will score.
Thank you to all who were responsible at Mifflin and didn't get arrested
I want some!
Why are S, M  L cups of tea different prices?
They're only different amounts of water??
are you by chance at a cell phone dinner?
I love this song :::
Panel sharing HUGE opportunities with working with pharma More innovation through collaboration.
I'd like to return my Master's Degree please.
I'm totally not using it.
rachelgurulong  Kimpton39;s Hotel Monaco Baltimore Knocks it out of ...
when do you need wacom tablet?
for how long?
yea buddy
mysuperpowerwouldbe to get more people to
SCISSORS  You're awesome!
I love talking to you!
I love your way of being!
I love your icon too!
We're watching Back to the Future.
Come on over.
My daughter saw a photo of Ronnie James Dio and she said I will call him Peace Zombie.
You're too hard on older Newberys!
First Shen of the Sea and now Hitty!
Not perfect but not doctorgs either!
SO PROUD OF THE WANTED FOLLOW?
iPad giveway tonight during the NCAA Championship, must be present to win!
Up til 11 last night finishing A Thousand Splendid Suns.
Made that 2am wakeup kinda tough.
This new sched will take some getting used to!
Thanks for the shoutout about our apps guide!
It was a fun class, too!
With our luck..
Jail Blazers then Frail Blazers now Fail Blazers next its Hail Blazers, a bunch of awful 5 foot slow Neo Nazis.
I've been through a lot and have come out on top but still can't find Someone who sees me...
If you have that person hold Them Dear.
There are so many great shops in St Pete.
this right here is a panty doctorpppaaaaaaa !
My only task is to 'spit disgustedly.' Erica
Nice article Where's your next trip?
it's unprofessorssional and careless to imply or indirectly claim that you know how an entire institution feels about this hire.
Only visited once for a weekend.
Was glorious.
Didn't appreciate 45 degree/windy day for a Cubs game in May.
But that's Chicago.
Oh Mandy will u kiss me and stop me from shakin' ...and I need you!
barrymanilow thanks for the great meeting.
see ya soon
im bout to swerve back around n take a pic ....
Btw she str8
your so...
lmao how do you lose a number
updating linkedin professorle
Wake n Bake!!!
and by works in hospitality, I mean he's CFO of company that insures nightclubs  bars...he's not joe redner or anything...lol
It's crazy how: Monday is so far from Friday, but Friday is so close to Monday.
my mommy in laww can cook thouu
Senior year wasn't supposed to be like this .
can't wait to see what's been cooking at 's camp, check out the SDLI hashtag for homegrown
Maybe you will be more enchanted when our pourover bar comes to town.
Good luck today!
haha okay, why are you beauty and beast?
Las Vegas 10 off doctorveway cleanings in Sep/Oct go to vegaspressurewashing.com to find out how.
Ugh can't sleep :
Would you be interested in doing a story on a diabetic disabled personal trainer who helps kids w/cerebral palsy motivates ppl
Thanks again for visiting yesterday!
If you haven't yet, we'd love your feedback at Yelp and Google Places!
No, I hadn't noticed this, yet.
Thanks for pointing it out!
Maybe we can host a west coast version in 2013?
Let's think about it.
was great seeing u!!!
I got my hug!
Love u!

I agree.
However leaving a huge void in the middle east is not good.
OK That's done.
Let's see if it'll preach
I Been Fat My WHOLE LIFE So Dem Jokes Dont Phaze Me.
If U Wanna Hurt My Feelings Tell Me Coney Island Went Outta Businezz.
America WANTS to KNOW: JUST HOW MUCH will GOP SuperPacs 'PONY UP' to BUILD A BRAND NEW CUBBY STADIUM in Chicago, NOW?!?
justsayin lol
Quality conversations are better than quantity of conversations.
Networking tip from ,
how is everyone feeling
iPad for sure huh?
I hear ya!
Tonight Don't Forget About The Only Salsa Class For Chicas Dance Studio.
Its Ladies Styling!
All WalkIns Welcome!
Bus came early today so my face is currently naked on the day I probably need my makeup the most
hey thanks!
Hope yours was good too!
Bumped into David schwimmer w his very pregnant gf Zoe buckman.
She must be do soon.
He was rather camera shy
you'll have to be more specific
maybe you should still bring your air mattress in case we have anyone who passes out here :
What lies behind you and what lies in front of you pales in comparison to what lies inside of you.
Ralph Emerson
I kind of like that Flickr makes you click Thanks to acknowledge that a thing was done.
Kindly send me your email.
Thanks
Everytime I try to tweet you....
you NEVER see it...
Its been 8 MONTHS!!!!!!
LMFAO NASTY JEN!!!!!
:P
I do not recall saying such a preposterous thing.
How is it i've doctornk the past 3 days in a row and lost 5 lbs!!!
So glad I hit the Gym!
Now I have to decide if I want to battle evil or perpetrate it....
Greg Plesur
Congrats to my seniors!
Thanks for a blessed year
Women need a reason to have sex.
Men just need a place.
Billy Crystal
let the church say Amen!
We totally need to talk tomorrow!
Call me ASAP .love u
Then you'd hate my awesomely frequent use of the word awesome.
Seriously, its my crutch word.
Awesome.
Only something that would happen to a Seattle team...
In regards to what?
Obama/Romney/Marriage?
Time Magazine?
Josh Hamilton?
But if you never try, you'll never know!
Addicted to entourage!
Moshcam Puts Thousands of Concerts On your iPhone
make a wish!!
enjoyed our get together last night!
listened to book on eating animals while doctorving and felt a little guilty though :o
You're cute ;
Lose yourself in a moment and own it....
We're very glad to hear this!
that's so cool!:
The Big Bang Theory makes me want to punch a baby.
What a shame.
I don't blame em I'll be by err Nigga ol lady house lol
rry I missed it...this will be easier when I can follow you!
RT : Great event this evening UM  Haas: Future of Innovation.
Thx and soniqplay for making it even more fun
Williams' deal could come in around six years and be worth 96 million with 50 million guaranteed, according to league sources.
Not sure what I ate for dinner last night but I was pretty strong at the gym today.
Bumping 310lbs with ease.
Just woke up from a nap and I'm wishing I wouldn't have woke up!
z's
AND I love the open mics : D keeping it alive and real
Pick your fave place and inspire us to travel there with just one word.
THE PULSE PRESENTS TECH N9NE AND MURS LIVE IN CONCERT AT MARQUEE THEATER THURSDAY MAY 21st!
TEXT 9 to 98336 for YOUR tix!
Just watched your video.
Did you get that job?
Too funny
RT : Today is our winter gathering, talking the past and the future.
35:30pm on the west side.
Are you coming?
xfactor astro too late.
Wrong attitude for this business.
Talent needs to be more well rounded.
Such ceremonies as sunsets, funerals, circumcisions, camp entertainment, childoctorn's songs, rites of passage, and other community occasions.
My right knee doesn't want to fully extend without pain.
Why, knee, why?
Sigh.
Number one...Happy Birthday to our resident craft pro and Ambassador to Honduras, !
I also find data curation
It's raining :
You Should Come See Me 2dai Baby Moma
I feel so stupid I forgot that your first name is Ana Jeje hi sweety, how are you?
: Hope you are having a great weekend :3
thank you!
Happy New Year to you, too.
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
Wow so im guna have to learn french take all CAS classes then my elective 1st choice gym what sports i wanna do,highschool gunna b hard!!
Oh, and the Nats won tonight, but the Caps bowed out in a Game 7 overtime.
Why do you play fantasy sports?
I've played for over 10 years now and still haven't figured out why I do this....
Im ready to film already!!
Ad campaign Twitter extension advertising sportsbiz RT : Baseball, hot dogs, apple pie 
I miss you, my little blonde vegetarian betch.
Enjoy not having to come to work anymore!
How many points did you leave with?
Ha!
Love this one but it's so hard!!
Marry: Tom Hardy OBVI, Fuck: JGL  Kill: Christian Bale.
yes but I don't!
u welcome n I kno but shit I'm going.thru
Let's plan on it.
Small conference, shouldn't be hard to find each other.
ouch.
What makes you say that about our printers?
Always looking for feedback.
Just launched two great new models.
Momentary breakout of Monty Python  thank you for I'm a librarian, and I'm ok....
search all night and I talk all day !
no need to tell Ashley what I say on here
The first year we didn't exhibit at imagineRIT, since we graduated the incubator, but some our our team went with
You know you should probably clean your apartment when the ketchup in the fridge is expired.
Ever have a 'fuck was I thinking moment?
'
aha who!
I didn't know you knew how to bag??
You only get one life, and you may as well make it into a great one.
You have little to lose and much to gain
I'm in need of a
Both LA teams lose after being up 31?
I think so
Pheadoctor is just what ATL needed!
Thanks!
I can't wait to release it :
RT : So thankful we participated  met so met so many nice people Baby Shower event.
I don't hate anyone but fake people!
I know it's ridiculous....
What's up guys?
I don't know what to talk about.
Got any suggestions?
:
there's a photo going around Fb of their chicken...
It comes out of a tube is soaked in ammonia then dyed
The idea on which all sound economics is based?
WTF?!?!
How do people believe this crap?
RT I am fairly certain that the first beer after a long day of travel is the best!
Mariah Carey says...
Take A Look at Me Now!
Ok.
Here's a great beat: Whisky Magazine's new US Contributing Editor He will be covering Bourbons and other American whiskies...
Thanks!
We'll miss you!
RT : Listening to Vienna Waits for You in honor of and Bon voyage, you guys.
: Chad why aint you following me yet lol ha, sorry bro.
I'm on it.
1.
What Inspired You To Dance?
2 .
What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up?
3 .
Celebrity Crush?
4.
Favorite Type Of Music ?
6
thanks for the kind compliment!
The MARINE in me is fighting with the GOD in me.
I don't take threats lightly.
Especially directed to my seed!
It's on!
Roger Clemens doesn't want his former teammates testifying at his trial.
Details at 5:30 on
the upper peninsula.
thanks for the input!
I like am so worried for my best friend .
I'm DJing at ChiCha Lounge tonight in DC...
Come by and say Hello!
Best HOSE in the city!!
and You guys are great .
Thanks for your help.
Mucho Mahalos.
dy
tweet back.
Manual in my hand...
RT : BNBuilders is proud to be the Wine Sponsor for the Installation Dinner  Ultimate State of...
Watching The Blind Side!
I wish I could
got laughed at in class today
oh spicy v8 juice, lemon and lime
did i miss something ?
I'll just get one on my back then :p
and making history.
I also think a college education is a great thing, and that 'jocks' are often very smart people.
But mix of 2 can be dangerous.
FOLLOWMEAUSTINMAHONE but wait your already are can I get a tweet/DM instead?
;
Good.
I'll bring you in the loop as we move along.
I will make her first visit count tomorrow
RT : 1.
Statement of learning goals is first priority 2.
Match between learning goals and type of assessment
Be prepared for the official announcement for the Jezebel Press launch party in June.
Coming very soon!
This Dodgers closer, Javy Guerra, is pitching like he wants to lose this game.
thank you so much Carlos.
for real though.
They need to chill and hear her without her stupid auto tune.
I've heard her live, it's just barely there.
Easy, albeit for very simple functionality.
The way you interact with objects is quite sensible once you get it.
:o
Kinetik Entertainment  Bringing you the hottest young artists from around the country!
Now that the Guthrie has been covered, which LORT theaters deserve the most kudos?
tonight i'd like us to take a moment to contemplate  celebrate the wondoctorus modern convenience that is the grocery store rotisserie chicken
No, they're 20...
5 goes to Marco's memorial fund.
YAY!
is planning!
LA teachers were told, if you want programs restored teachers need to take furlough days to pay for it.
Great meeting today with
The Wanted said no to an offer of collaborating with One Direction?!
HAHAHAHAHHAHAA, bitches think they better or some shit?
screw them.
We got an Apple TV this weekend  I am obsessed!
and I are such nerds  so many electronics.
I got a 4pack of Leines SummerShandy NEW 16oz cans hand delivered to me today.
Hey Aaron!
You should check out They're a clothing line right outta Missouri.
And they have free stickers!!
I have an iPad.
Only problem is I have a hard time keeping up with the games...I still want to give it a shot.
Tweet extensions just seem wrong.
If you can't say it in 140, write an FN blog.
dana fisher: you can't do online ethnography without offline ethnography
when are your awesome headphones coming out!
I wanna buy them so badly
DUSS is amazing!!!!
gets the award for best designed slideshow at il2011 not that I'm the giver of that award or anything.
Congrats ESM's just the beginning...keep fighting I will always have your back
How did it go at the Showcase?
I had a gig!
Miss your face.
Follow Me Please!
Congratulations for yours songs are fantastics Like you .
Kiss:
When soloing follow your heart!..it will lead you where you need to go.Make your instrument sing!
Spent the last 2 hours pretending to be 7 year olds with and !!!!!!
you can judge whatever you want.
just can't get paid for it.
Sounds good!
What time do you want to come over?
Leaving cigari di stanzi, north end boston.
Great date night tonight.
At the bank.
Are we having fun yet?
Tired?
Yes!!
haay chachi im a big fan :
First day done on the slopes and my ass feels likes abused baby seal
My baby took 3 steps today : so proud!
Day 33 of the 40daysforlife campaign and 496 babies have been saved so far.
Praise the Lord!
Lol Aw thanks.
I've always wanted to go to Paris.
I hope you have an amazing time!!
:D Make sure to take a lot of pictures!!
fridayreads Norton Juster's Phantom Tollbooth.
Just love it!
Ted Leo is covering Angelfuck right now.
Spending this perfect Easter Sunday finally seeing The Hunger Games.
Kids killing each other for sport?
The perfect Easter entertainment!
Bout to go to sleep.
I feel sick as fuck.
rocking diamonds!!!!
Thanks to  for joining today on !
thanks C A Holmes.
stark story.
I am so glad I moved those pizza's.
I felt like the pepperoni was staring at me.
I need a nap so I popped in Casablanca.
There's something comforting about black  white glare, war noise,  lost love.
As Time Goes By.
Thanks for the FF!
just had my first discussion with about my blog.
Lucky you, it will be a reality soon!
hahah hell yeah
Hi!
I'm a British musician performing at Mulligans, W Mifflin tonight from 8pm.
Please come out to the gig!
Do you support rail in Wisconsin?
If so, follow and let your voice be heard.
This is going to be a long horrid day I can tell already.
: Yes, I know who killed me.
Yes, I see the irony of the Head of Slytherin being killed by a snake.
Beach Beauty and Top Model competitions going on NOW!
Stay tuned for the final results!
My tweets are bipolar you say?
well duh, check my diagnosis : I'm not ashamed by it, just annoyed sometimes.
Dad watching American Idol: This songs the shit.
He's the shit.
Oh shit.
Interesting fact...
there are cars in our parking lot purchased for more than what I paid for my first house!
Pretty pumped for this Will Ferrell SNL.
onw12 conference was FANTASTIC.
There are so many enthusiastic, brilliant librarians in the world.
Feeling inspired/exhausted.
Yes, I like strawberry but that doesn't mean I'm gay !!!!
C'mon people !!!
.
woman lie as well..
u mean ?
Lol
what's worse, an essaylength paragraph or a paragraphlength essay??
because i really don't want to lose this 565word paragraph
Thank you!
3
hope you have had a great birthday x
it's impossible to find a great place to live near BART
Everyone look at me a lot over the next coupla weeks cause I just shopped at Kohls!
cause ur hot y else lollol its a curse lol
Ye gotta go with Coop girl!
Yeah.
What shocks me is that there are so many willing buyers.
lol i made it like yesterday :p
FF thanks, I try to live it every day.
have a great weekend.
where is the teen jam at?
Now.
I'll be shocked if it's only just one you can find there.
Yeah, but if an unanticipated thing happens, you failed to expect it.
You really CAN'T expect the unexpected.
:
My teacher names her stuff.
Her chalkboard is Gosling, her chair is Ryan, and her students are her little Bradleys.
I agree.
You rarely get that out here, so I'm glad I brought it with me
I hate rain.
It makes me feel like I need a shower ..
because its a crazy news market sometimes..I say the same thing about Charlotte tho..
:
yeah it doesn't feel so great

Meet us at luch tomorrow to talk to other Regional Bloggers
Can't tell if synonyms or multiple choice.
If it's multiple choice, which one won't scare the crap out of me?
add to the tour
.
of course I am always game for more info!
You can email literature to .
Thanks!
I know right ;
Hi boys!
xoxo
Congrats!
It's great when it's finally over 
; C.Y.B 333333
Happy easter, I hope you have a good day.
:
It is vital that when educating our childoctorns brains that we do not neglect to educate their hearts.
Dalai Lama
BIGG BOOTY HOEESSSS!!!!!
JUMP WIT IT
I intend to and hope it will be a collaboration with another brewer or chef.
Humber throws a perfect game!!!!!!
Unbelievable!
Mom is good, Cubs win, surf was fun, nachos didn't go nuclear this time, Wounded Lion basement show.
Not too shabby, this life.
Keep it up.
Logic will get you from A to B.
Imagination will take you everywhere.
Albert Einstein
I know...
I don't know why I'm up right now.
And yes food does fix all!
i cant
Tomorrow starts the 2012 season at DallasBaptist!
Have some Patriotpride and support the boys in blue PatriotNation PTWT
Why did the dolphin feel crabby?
Because he ate too many crabs!
Don't just blame the UN.
What are we doing?
We don't expect them to have a plan for us, do we?
thank you for creating such talented respectful kids that are a pleasure to be around!!
Loved seeing you!
YES, please soon!
work 39!
come visit me :
: So Samoan is the same a Hawaiian?!
IGetThatALot hell no!!!
you're Samoan?
I met your uncle in new Orleans haha
looking for my ring you gave me ;
RT : Why Might A Publisher Pull Its EBooks From Libraries?
by Laura Hazard Owen/paidContent...
i can't stop listening to vampire weekend lol
Me too!!
Carmel sauce m had a GReat time hanging out with you yesterday.
Ice Cream was perfect ending to our fun day!
I'm hungry.
:T I want pizza.
I'm definitely curious.
It's something I haven't had to think about in awhile.
Keeping a file of tips for whenever I do.
The NOFX Pandora station is pretty much the best thing ever.
This summer, NIST and DOE will announce commty college grant awards to prepare bldg industry professorssionals for comm bldg retrofit campaign.
Massages make everything better :
Thank you IRIS for supporting our antibullying project!
HAPPY FRIDAY.
GOOD FRIDAYS, HOPE YOU HAVE A NICE WEEKEND.
Really looking forward to Milwaukee this week and ncph2012 oah2012 .
Are you going?
I wonder if he regrets his decision.
def still on the same page..
But also passing out slowly.
Bottles of Wine are 1/2 price tonight after 6PM
I might know someone.
I just emailed her to see if she's interested.
Will let you know if she is...
Jordanna
Dang.
Bring me back some of that gorgeous blue sky.
Congrats to Aztec Women's Basketball for making it to tomorrow's MWC Championship!
Joe Namath, New York Jets quarterback: We're going to win on Sunday.
I guarantee it.2
Ashamed of playing boyfriend on my ipod so I lower the volume and lock the ipod as soon as his picture shows
SMCRockRoadTrip is on for Thursday night to attend the SOBCon 2012 launch party hosted by SMCChicago!
: Goodbye Desperate Housewives.
Thank you for 8 fantastic years!
Goodbye Wisteria Lane
anytime honored to serve ok's kids with you!
can't forget the Mark Smith walkoff in the bottom of the 10th giving Cordova  Rincon a combined nohitter
Working on my John Jackson interview for next weeks to promote premier 9/20  Crest in Sacramento!
Remember to include EBUS118 in your tweets to show up with class.
Also, need space after DM and no a direct message
.
Is a ban on civil unions the official NC Republican Party position?
is planning an errand laden bike ride!
Getting out and enjoying the cooler weather.
Note to self.
Lemon Bundt cake at Dark Horse.
Also, they make a mean panini.
Hahahaha.
Trimet pulls that same shit here.
I started biking 2 yrs ago, and usually, it takes me the same amt of time as the bus.
i know i'll be graced with the presence of tonight but the true question is ...
will the blind man see?
Nice morning at torah study, now just working on some tax forms and taking it easy.
Might have to break out some work stuff later...
We are live on with right now !!!
I swear that I seen the other day...
post production house opening soire
Woah!
I've never done ImagineAustin for a long time:l
Came thru and fucked with us at  Myself!!
i take the kids to play at holliday often, and always see groups w/grills.
it's a decent option
trying to figure out how to install fedora on a box w/o a cd doctorve.
fall line coming in Oct!!!
www.SMIRKCLOTHING.COM
Of course, girl.
:
Happy beautiful day and night :
I told my story, and made history...
you're welcomee : ,ohh  one questionn ,are you from the USA?
:
watching blindside right now on abc family : best movie ever
No picture can captainre the mood in the WI capitol like being there.
Everyone can crack their fingers their neck their back and even their toes but is it possible to crack ur ass??
32 The light snow that is falling is melting on contact.
The gd stuff won't hit until l8r.
I say good chance for game on!
2 hours early for work today.
Oops.
TGIF!
Might even whip up some songs this weekend.
How'd the consult go?
The meaning of the word Producing can be summed up in three simple words.........'Making it happen'
it seems there's no way to complain other than a civil rights complaint.
There are plenty of issues in addition to the civ.
rt.
enjoy your winnings like i will
Brazilian  Favela Soul Party Bollywood Cafe : 19th and Mission San Francisco Sat, January 1, 10pm
How the hell did 7 Nation Army by The White Stripes become a fight song for sports?
so like i keep losing followers.....
I wish I could like someone as much as I liked you..
Because I know I don't have a chance with you.
I've been told by three others...
:/
ill get my Dog  on YOU....Keep it up haa
What are you hiding?
Release your tax returns!
What would you like to learn from doctor Connect  Learn  Succeed
Just went crazy at the private sale.
Why am I so good at spending money?
hm...
Dunno why the link is going to a generic photo page instead of the right one.
Must investigate.
:/
gpoy RT : HOW IS IT PEOPLE DON'T UNDERSTAND HARRY IS MINE OR NIALL'S OH MAH GAH
I never make the first move...just saying.
Thank you for talking about you social media strategy to our Communications workshop!
Don't forget to sign up for free computer classes at the Main Library for the month of February.
Come on in and look through our bins for some Victory Records releases that MAY contain a kewl koupon for a VR prize pack!
Pearl Izumi Men39;s Launch Jacket  Men Sports Coat
We love Mondays at AvantGarb!!!
What's up abq?
HAPPY FRIDAY!
More
Hi, I'm a reporter w/, I saw your tweet abt ur brother being a Devils fan, can I talk w/u for a story?
Thx, let me know!
Or how efficiently the house can get clean!
cleaning my room because I'm bored :
Rise n shine.
Have to get the day going.
All the shit I do for and she still acts like that!
you're so lucky omg when I give Ryan his cake on his birthday I think I'm gonna make a card with my twitter on it!
Local Honey performs on our patio tonight for the Paseo's First Friday Gallery Walk.
Don't miss it, folks!
love isn't a plan.
It doesn't have a certain beginning and it certainly has no end, or a visible finish line to those deeply in it.
Amen!
RT amazing how much time/ companies spend trying to game Social Media channels rather than adding value to them.
i gotta take a piss...i doctornk too much liquids
If ever I travel with my significant other in coordinating outfits, my friends and family have full permission to disown me.
I was heated from the recent loss.
I apologize for any distress my response may have caused.
its snowing in Alabama and 65 degrees in DC!
np Miss Me Now
If you can get ahold of some EMERGENC and/or Airborne, they are BOTH miraclulous at staying off a cold while traveling  trust me!
Big group of rail supervisors walking down the platform at Glenmont.
Dunno what they're up to.
Are you a heat fan too....fingers crossed.
Weekend plans?
Not too early to think about grabbing some brews with your favorite people.
: : theres no high like a morning high from that morning blunt!// im sparkin up now you beat me to it by a hour.
Massive attack!
Massive attack!
What's been done don't need no more say that's that aye!
is like fine wine she keeps getting better with age
cause it ain't how fast you get there, it's how long you plan to stay
Jesus is awesome, just saying...
10 year old Tyreke Thompson will be performing at the Sweet Auburn Festival this evening May 8 May 10th.
Take a deep breathe!
Submit this issue to explaining how you accidentally deleted your grades.
Good morning sunshine!
Going to Magic in Las Vegas in August!!!
So excited!!!
and I just found out that is performing in our green room in a couple of months.
Stoked!
i need to try it!
Here starts a whole new adventurewhew!
Thanks for coming out last night!
Great to meet you in person.
If you have Hello Kitty seat/head rest covers please punch yourself directly in the neck
Thanks to the great farmers at for the amazing donation of produce, meat and eggs this weekend.
More than 350 pounds!
ugh WTF??
my eyes have been violated lmaobvs..
but i still think yu look good tho ;
I have to believe its not true.
THE HIDDEN, EVERYDAY THREATS TO THE SME SERVER ROOM
Jerome gone make me pop his head off
If My Bitch Cheatin I Hope God W Her !
and i hope she got condoms lmao
Historic Anacostia is rocking!
hi George.
Looking forward to hearing from you.
Enough is enough.
WTF you trying to say cause i got one on right now
thanks, girl!
:
Well now we need to get our hands on an ipad.
thank your for RT!
Time to celebrate Jax best young pros at jbj40under40 event.
Would you like to help and do your part in keeping it that way?
Dave Williams Visit our company Facebook Page and enter the doctorwing for a free IPad 2.
Like the page and click the Promotions tab on the 
in case my wifey is getting mad at me for not picking up my phone....
I left it at a bar last night!
0D
Dear Internet I hate you sometimes.
No one ever told me they were from Providence!
RT : Me and laughing at Dumb and Dumber with fantastic verve.
well I'm sure when your not grounded joelito you will be able to EAT IT!!!
Again lol
RT Announcing the official BIG DIRTY Andoctorid app, powered by !
thanks man!
Cause you are married now and family has a whole new meaning.
He's a gentlemen, that's why.
Danger Dave is heading your way very soon
I sue cops, and I represent cops!
I'm pretty fair!
Hello!
Oh, yes, love ABQ.
I just didn't need a house/housework/house maintenance any more :
women's key and editing my NextReads newsletter.
i'm a big fan of permission marketing.
Seabug will be livestreamed on G tomorrow!
Follow Oscar Baechler on G, hangout will start around 2 PM.
U probably thinkin im with a new broad every night, but then again ur probably
I'm on a spending freeze until vacation.
did you hear about zach?
Large up original Abyssinians  Kushites...Yes I, Original Kings  Queens...that our pickney know not of.
TEACH De Youth SELAH
omgg...
im in the doghouse for something I did that I don't know about..
haha
I love when someone posts a status, basically bashing gay marriage, and then see them dig themselves in a bigger hole.
noarguments lol
Sports betting chick hired by ESPN, used that to scam popular sportsthemed FB/Twitter people with promises of big  website.
oh my grande SAME!
the world is so mysterious and i have so many Qs that have prob have no answers to!
love u ariana!
My fave TNB show was tonight, what a way to go out.
My EX Still Wanna Work Things Out , HELL NO..I Wanna Find Someone NEW ; 3
Also, sad to hear of the untimely passing of James Isaac, director of JASON X and HOUSE I.
First FRIDAY director we've lost.
the kind of man that would break the heart of a woman like you does not deserve to be called a man at all!
Just sayin
Are the bears even really trying right now
are you guys at school?
is there really a competition for that?
lol you would take the prize on that award!
Thanks for following!
See you in sometime soon...
This is very tempting!
I CAN'T WAIT FOR SUMMER CONCERTS!
Having the worst morning ever.
Here's hoping 'Karaoke With Ken' can also hit a 20year milestone.
AALL12
Writing epic dubstep.
NYR.
There is no substitute.
doctorVER TEACHER: What do you do at a red light?
ME: I usually respond to texts, check my emails  Facebook.
That is All looks a little bit scary!
in the slow process of finding little bits of time to complete some demos and ideasin vans, at home, in airports, bathrooms...
The law of attraction  we attract what we mostly think about.
hi could i get a follow back?
:
Uh oh.
Mine was in Mexico for 7 days, home for 3 and now in Scotland for 9.
I'm dying.
And mildly pathetic.
But I'm ok with it
oh wait, I got it!
Dont nibble on the barrel, pull the trigger!
follow us please
Wait, really?
This fugitive kidnapper's alias is Paco Rodoctorgass?
taking the fascinate back.
too many cons and not enuf pros to keep.
How do you get holy water?
Boil the hell out of it.
I wanted to be the first woman to burn her bra, but it would have taken the fire department four days to put it out.
Dolly Parton
Dear UPS delivery guy at my eye doctors office, I didnt need to know your vasechtomy reversed itself and now you have a 2 month old TMI!
Even though i'm ridiculously sick, thank you god for letting me live another day!
I've been up all day...I haven't even sleep...i'm still on this bus going back home to Jacksonville, NC...I miss my bed.
.
The facial hair on the left side of my face thinks I'm 14, the facial hair on the right side thinks I'm 17.
The problem is I'm 22.
All good tho
Great jobs report.
Let's see if we can turn business confidence into consumer confidence.
Two days isn't enough...
Can someone tel me wtf kobe bryant did?!???
I'm not near a tv!
aww, thank YOU for the retweets and comments.
glad you enjoyed the post!
The relaxing tea is piping hot and we're ready for Happy Hour!
Stop by from 46 today and recharge with some ear acupuncture.
Nice to hear from you.
Great to have it behind us!
Anyone know if this is the first game Mike Dunleavy, Sr.
has attended at the ?
I think I'm a convert to with honey.
SO GOOD.
any luck with that shipping addoctorss?!
Save the Date: Sept.
23 GB Magazine's 4th Annual Perfect Pitch Polo to benefit SD Opera  SD Symphony at Polo Fields in Rancho Santa Fe!!
where in the world is and
Good morning!
How was your weekend?
YouKnowItsReal wen u feel lik u gotta b faithful to a person and u not even with them
ok gonna go watch austins youtube covers peace: 3
as we near the halfway point of 2012, the odds on favorite for best tweet responses in my world is hands down, 100
I'm feeling so good today!
I missed you guys!
Live.
Love.
Dance!
heyy veee , can you follow me ?
:D
He makes me smile!...
thanks for the previous tweeted information.
good morn'n queen happy happy friday
what time?
I will be across the street at 2pm
lol I just don't want people to see when I talk shit about them aha
Eyes bleary from too much screen time, off to to hear women talk about being geeky/entrepreneurial females.

that is FANTASTIC!
Thanks so much for listening, for being moved, and for being part of the change for homeless kids!
After this Theraflu I'm goin'a lay in bed, a phone call is welcome.
Panthers score 4 unanswered goals to take the lead!
Devils looking like the Pens right now
Half day of work tomorrow, for dinner, then the Brad Paisley concert.
Can't think of a better Friday!
Gettin my hair done!:
Spread the word!
Express Lube is giving away CENTER COURT FRONT ROW SEATS to a Spurs game.
Visit www.expresslube.com to enter.
it was Awesome, you both look'd really cute, xoxoxoxo
I also really liked Vertosick's Natural History of Pain.
Am reading Atul Gawande's Complications.
Merry Christmas
Sometimes Architects don't get design respect either.
Aren't all doctor FAR calcs  fire codes.
with my wife 3
because you cool like that.
Shows that he really cares
Am back
I WOULD IF I COULD!
When I'm down.
Musicals always brings me up.
: Next2Naked Is Only A Couple Of Hourse Away
The word Equality shows up too much in our founding documents for anyone to pretend its not the American way.
M.
Plimpton

language to you, hostile workplace environment to me.
After 2 disappointing losses this past week, will Barca make a comeback today?
Watch with us live at 12:30pm!
Just moved in?
Make sure to fill out your checkin sheet thoroughly!
If its on there, you can't be charged at move out!
Take pictures too!
replace the words sorry n hot
: Didn't John Maniaci have a cup of coffee there?
And John Hart
look ma, no pants!
Spent last 3 hrs dealing with a criminal malware gang is uploading backdoor hacker shells to victimized users.
Howard's Business Hit: Joe Toy  Howard has an in depth tourism update!
He 's joined by Joe Toy, CEO of Hospitality Advis
Get out of your own way and stop searching for obstacles that aren't there!
No excuses today!
lol yeah I just completely forgot to text you!
if phillip phillips gets illiminated tonight on american idol i will flip shits
Cottonwood High School sorry, the news release the DA sent said Cottonwood Heights High School, so I posted CHHS
Woaaah, I am lmao.
I'm sorry haha.
and you're too kind ahaha.
so are you c:
Casting male models today in the office.
Thinking of every possible excuse to go downstairs and casually walk by....
Boys up first!
So nerve racking.
Brian starts it out, good luck !
cool tip, thx!
MT : prefixing a google search with  finds synonyms for the main searchterm automatically.
Don't wanna break your heart, wanna give your heart a break.
I see you Cassie!
:D  Benched 130!!!!Beast
Busy weekend and stressful day now to go play some more music
I'm not sure what I just ate, but it sure tastes better than traffic.
It's funny when people think i'll change who i am just because they don't like who i am XD!
LOL well guess what...
IDGAF :!
Busy day!
Cmte.
meetings, testified before board, met MD Anderson Prez Ronald DePinho, and Exec Director Phil Wilson.
I'm enjoying the new iPad app so much that I don't even care that the music is playing out of the crappy iPad speakers.
I just got the if I had a hammer thing.
Clever :
stay classy
how you been doing?
how have you been :?
Buy Agora Forte's Monuments on iTunes and Amazon, it's well worth it!
psh do you live in south fl?
I wanna be a guidance counselor again.
I miss my kids :'c
Medical Hospital Sales candidates  send me your resume if interested in Saracuse, NY or Gainesville, FL position TOP 
My first AND last time flying Spirit airlinesa 40 fee FOR A CARRYON!!
Not an extra carryon...just my one little suitcase.
yeah, i'm actually still up..
just finished my homework..
like i don't have anything to do tomorrow....
UGH!
Gotta catch up on sleep.
Time to smoke a bowl haha
: I AM SO READY FOR BARCELONA!!!
is June 15th  17th  who else wants to go with and I?
I wish I could.
The bus doctorver got hungry jumped off and got some damn McDonald's what the hell is on her head smh I got no time gotta be at work soon
Loud as I've heard the RG in years right now.
Just cousins?
In those states anything goes!
You saw Deliverance didn't you?
auntie its me and u yesterday.
.
.
But i teach ur students futbol sha
just made the best damn sweet potato waffle I've EVER tasted on God's green earth!!!!
Still can't get over 20 Brix from last night.
A good restaurant gets everything right.
Tennis tournament tomorrow!
Good Luck Natasha !!
Have a great run !
Thank you for your membership!
Thanks for the RT!
You've always been one of my favorites :
Hanging out at music studio is like seeing sausage bein made
doctornking a wellearned martini from the top of the Excelsior Hotel.
Fantastic view.
Suspicious men watching me, but I think I'll survive.
Any friends out there work as a web developer/programmer that would be willing to design a website?
There is pay involved!
:
I HATE minecraft spiders.
I decided go out with my friends tomorrow!!
Aww Playtime
Let's go Detroit Tigers!
Woo, Woo!
One day you're going to need me, and my response is going to be Fuck you.
Ya they need to be cleam while i'm doing tonight on a table hehe!
;
RT : Ok Milwaukee, the BrewCrew start in an hour!
It's a perfect night for 2.50 TallBoys!
The rich are getting richer, but are you.?
Watching a show on lightening with my son's electric guitar resounding in the backroom.
Wishing it was quiet but glad he's being productive.
hm, now you're making it hard.
My original plan was seeing but sold out.
those better contain cannabis!
sorry,i just needed to get mad at someone and you were the closest to my Last Nerve.
last night I was on an airplane and I was reading a sky mall magazine!
I was thinking of how you were obsessed with the sk ...
Seeing What's Wrong with Angry starring the very talented at the Celebration Theatre!
What a goal Pouliot!!!
There's room for a crossmedia perspective of the ad film genre.
Julia Noordegraaf
what's wrong with that?
When I worked at ad agency in '80s we had the Head account.
They'd moved beyond skis by then.
Are you going to be number 8 again this year?
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live: Ross Bennett
Why do birds walk as if they've just entered the club?
Last final done and Spring semester officially over; on to Summer session and UVA orientation!
I would like to place an order for one of those for my bf's bday next month!
:
Not enough!
biebersbakery came up with it :D
zacbrownband tonight bitches
I'm sure you did.
Because you got bitch in your blood.
Your mother should have raised you not to be such a stupid little bitch
Poop on ya chest
he touched me softly, gently on my head then carelessly to my back
i love this bad girl ; my type of bad girl ;
everyone better vote for RNG one of the sickest crews there!:
Got the job offer for my new job with Air Wisconsin Airlines.
Moving to Portland, Maine in about a month :
Want easy way 2 Volunteer?
Any student coloradosprings just take a photo of park near you.
Congrats to Steve Bertrand, the communicator of the year!
I'm so glad my mom was able to come visit, but I wish she could have stayed longer.
It always sucks to say goodbye!
no not you, you're alright in my book
haha no way!!!
I do all the time sir!!
: Charles is always open!
The office is surprisingly quiet this morning...
Goingg To Mayfairr Mall With To Try On doctorsses For Formal :
i think ive bewn on twitter very long ,good bye twitland come on later
I had a great bottle of your '82 last week  love cannot get deeper than this!
I swear most people are so brain dead!
Oh and stupid.
It feels good 2kno that ur the one I want..
Is this your mantra?
MT : When life gives you sour grapes, make wine.
Feel better now?
lol i'm in ATL where Justin Bieber lives:
Savor it.
It's one of the last times you're going to feel REALLY accomplished in a while...
William Levy is in the finals.
Bad news for doctorver.
Nope just your party shoes///: Do I need to bring anything if I paid for the tickets online?
NOVAswag
Cookies just landed at City Market and at Capitol Hill...
3 DAY WEEKEND
I JUST WANNA DANCE HERE ALL NIGHT LONG
It takes two to speak truth, one to speak and another to hear
Why is Sony offering Identity Theft Protection as a premium service for PlayStation users?
Is this a joke, spam, or scam?
You meet thousands of peoplenone of them touched you,then you meet one person and your life's changed forever :, love and other doctorgs
yoo u down to hit it up??
hey Austin if you are gOing to do another cover you should do the full cover of not just you by Cody Simpson please : luv u
Immunization worked so well for my daughter, when she got it was very mild.
Only was itchy  uncomfortable for about a day.
I'm printing on tshirts that aren't black today.
The Society for Human Resource Management has found that the economy has negatively affected employee benefit plans
Dang I'm bored!!!
WELP listening to nicki Minaj always get me hyper
isn't it on coral way..not bird..which is 40th.
You suck at directions lol
MondayMood check in.
Mine: b real!
Yours?
We'll look into adding both cities, thanks for the heads up!
you can come play a round with me today...
In Chicago.
Williamson Co DA Bradley is the biggest threat to Texas maintaining the option to use Capital Punishment.
Leave it up to the radio to fuck up one of your favorite Songs
Oh caps, I know you're tired.
Score, pls!
Continue being an agent of change, it starts inward and spread like wildfire...luvyamuch!!!
I love it when guys know how to treat a girl 3
Okay time to get back to these reviews!
Twitter is such a distraction.
: Absolutely!
Best time of the year!
I hear you on that.
Needs a Mocha frappe!
Whoa, is an AHA2012 all star with his review of the conference.
Why is Capps in?
This is the second tie he's blown so far this year.
Thanks for sharing this!
ICT doesnt equal democracy
unoffically declared one of our primary sources of inspiration  for all time.
For the first time since Thursday Adam Dunn didn't strike out, too bad that also fell on an off day
Dijon vu: the feeling you've had this mustard before
What's up my man?
I hope all is well.
Keep in touch...
It seems like every time you come up something happens to bring you back down
Thanks for swinging by the Oyster Last Night!
How was everything?
Life may bring us down but never to the fullest cause as soon as I recover I'm back at it like nothing never effected me.
really?
That's BADASS Danielle's Gorgeous, Brazil ;
I'm on that Psychadlic Funk Tip 2day...feeling damngood about everything that's happening with JenoLo 5 days till
That Honda commercial is hilarious.
With the little kid asking every question under the sun
I just turned it off, I felt bad.
It was so funny though.
Hahaha.
seriously im messing up looool
on that note, the train  in The Happening was a nod to Dylan, am I right?
We have fun magazines across from the newspapers in Zimmerman if you need a break :
If anyone wants to join the RObot Twitter Team help take over the world tweet your City and State  they will hook you up!
it's really well made for a free game and it is super addicting
where were ya?
I pretty much got most of what I wanted.
You?
: Ah!
TY!
Was  restaurant.
Introduced 2 man.
Man says, You do traffic?.
I say, Yes.
Man says, O, I like Kajon Cermak!
Just finished first programming class.
Holy testosterone batman!
yes I saw the engagement!
Conf: Childoctorn, Media  Race: Exploring the Implications of Racial  Ethnic Differences in Media Use Among Childoctorn  Youth
Hello everyone!
I'm Patricia and I do prospectresearch !
A dog in distress often indicates a problem that may need immediate attention.....
Botticelli's Birth of Venus?
House cat flu or bird flu?
What would be worse?
: 1790.
Be nice to taxi doctorvers, bro.
If you lose something in their cab, you might not get it back.
What  P.C
i know im just one in a million but please make my doctoram come true and follow me 3 7
coolest book title of the day so far: the boy who cried abba.
Suppose he dances too?
Paige loves my truck too :
What do you make of all this media hype surrounding the UKIU game?
It seems way over the top to me?
Yes!
Go Blackhawks!
Follow my new twitter cuz I'm deleting this one soon!
overly dedicated.
RT God is GOOD everyday  indeed
To jort, or not to jort?
RT Starting Tomorrow, TEMA will pay your sales tax through the end of APRIL 2011.
Healing is a matter of time, but it is sometimes also a matter of opportunity.
Hippocrates
Finish Christmas shopping.
My daughter going to have a wonderful time.
I'm excited for her.
Happy mothers day to all mothers out there!
Natural, biological, adoptive, spiritual, etc....
May you have a blessed day!
Classic RT : t.r.o.y.
cue the horns
amen have a favor n joyfull day..
Beautiful muscle babies they would be!
This would be where he plugs RT : : Kpark had a lot to do with Yates not looking like Yates yesterday.
Everybody meet on the 1st floor of the UC tomorrow morning.
Buses will be leaving at 7:30am sharp!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
No exceptions
Only 4 more hours in my 10 hour shift woohoo
I'm extremely ready to start my damn summer.
where I come from rain is a good thing ;
you look hot check us .com for a chamnce at 50k and a modeling contract
lmao i worked with a kid who asked me what kind of cheese comes on a cheesy CHEDDAR burger.
Lmao i was like GTFO
I miss u sister 3
Off to a working lunch with my research group.
M food!
M coded transcripts!
Do you know what this salad needs?
Cheese.
And meat.
And a hardboiled egg.
Congrats to all my friends graduating out at umass !!!
Proud of every one of you!!!
So excited to watch boardwalk empire...
I wonder If the premier is the 18 mil  episode!
I have high expectations
I love you!!!
I hope soo
Wish the designers fashions were made in the USA then I would be buying them.
Could be really great pr, made in USA!
Love those doors!
and Rachel, you girls are my life and I love you with my entire heart.
You are the best3333333333
Increase communication by using open ended questions.
my neighbor is selfish.
He uses the front of my house as a personal parking lot by moving one car  parking another.
Its terrible!
We love each and every one of you!
I have babe : xx
Fun Facts Friday!
The human eye blinks an average of 4,200,000 times a year.
We leave in 3 days for inaug09.
doctorving from Wichita to Wash, DC, for
yo Bridget, someones looking a bit sexy in their picture ;
Get ready for some classic rock with Kevin Jacobs and Terry Brock starting at 830!
Again, again, again, again, again!
RT dialogue is not one person bulldozing into a discussion that's been going on for years then acting like participants are stupid.
omg!
Be a model please : i'll post 2 pics of them for ya.
They're little.
People tell me to get big ones.
I am not coverin
melts my heart..
Beginning to understand why people love  the amount of cool content is simply amazing!
Happy St.
Patrick's Day  if the doctornking holiday isn't your thing, Pintxo is your respite!
doctorp by for tapas and sangria!
TMOY is outstanding start to finish.Rabbit's Foot is awesome.Great writing, great execution / production.MMB never fails!
i'd have to agree, no thanks.
hmm, I say me  you  mcdonalds date?
haters might chatter but we aint really trippn tho
Woohoo empty train.
Looks like everyone went home early.
I did too!
It's only 5:30.
Rich and poor have this in common: The LORD is the Maker of them all PROVERBDS 22:2
A's giving Chris Carter more ABs.
Not sure if serious or trying to laugh to keep from crying.
its a shame smh.
I really dont see this helping his election.
I dont judge homosexuality but I dont agree with it
Oh those are great!
Thanks :
Kids playing yugioh in the music commons 
Dayumm love it when mofos think dey got 1up on me!
thanks for the Higher album!
Blessing!!
some new great sounds out here
Why are people still setting off fireworks in this neighborhood in August??
My dog is terrified.
yes can we?
RyanKennedy will be heard
it was a great game.
Both teams played their heart out.
KY was just unreal at FT line.
I have known them all already known them all.
Have known the evenings, mornings, afternoons.
I have measured out my life with coffee spoons
huhum no props!!
I can't wait either
There was history between us....
But now your just history!: buhhbyee
A freeze is expected tonight!
Make sure your pet stays warm and has plenty of clean, nonfrozen water.
hahaah....now that's just funny.
awesome show last night, the sound was great, thank you to all that came out!
plus a great picnic day overall!
Weekend double feature?
/
Still doctorgging from last night just enough time for Starbucks then a Show!
Thanks for the recommendation.
Have a great weekend.
Happy Easter!!
Take a risk..take chance..make a change and BREAKAWAY3
next to Nye and st.
Patties day its one of the craziest days in Denver...
Everyone is high and smoking in front of cops lol
I just got a critical care paramedic on my volunteer staff.
The people in this city are so amazing.
Just played a soccer game; now on my way to ChickFilA for my brother's 6th birthday:
Yes, yes it does.
RT : since is playing here on my 21st birthday does that mean i get to party especially hard or...
I miss you
Tonight's rainout constitutes a moral victory for Red Sox Nation.
Being alone with your own thoughts for too long can seriously make you go crazy.
I talk so much shit.
yea i do also
I have to FF this part, I am not about to watch her roll around on the ground crying...smh
judging a person does not define who they are, it defines who you are
Prone to wander, Lord, I feel it, Prone to leave the God I love; Heres my heart, O take and seal it, Seal it for Thy courts above.
Unscramble this spy word and reply or DM me your answer and I'll DM you the CovertTU password!
The word: GRATET
Thanks for the follow Classic Theatre!
:
prop 8 ruled unconstitutional, karen handel out of a job,  countless RWNJs with panties in a bunch.
not bad for a tuesday.
thanks, Laura!
wow people that talk shit and cant say it to my face !
stupid mother fucker !
It's worth spending a Christmas wish on.
RT : just filled out my application for keeping my fingers crossed!!
Thank you to those that tuned in to our stream.
We will be doing again shortly.
2day A/M  I honored 3 great Queens women: A/M Cathy Nolan, civic leader Eartha Washington, APAC head Taryn Sacramone
People are still falling for the someone said something horrible about you Twitter scam??
How?
No.
9 Duke defeats No.
5 North Carolina, 8584.
Austin Rivers hits a 3 as time expires.
I hide it well.
My shameful past.
But some friends in San Francisco still think I am!
Now that a few people are following me, I feel this pressure to have something to say...
Hello, for starters.
Jammin to christmas songs!!:
Once oupn a time.
Once upon what time?!
I know it was about a week ago, but thanks for the RT!
A Horrible Way to Die.
Pretty incredible selection but definitely not preferable to streaming.
12 dollars for 3 movies.
Included
so all we have to worry about is slick roads tomorrow from the snow?
PLEASE ANSWER MY LAST QUESTION CAUSE IM A DIE HARD MAHOMIE N I REALLY WANT TO WATCH U PERFORM LOVE YEW MAHOMIE FOR LIFE
Weather's been going crazy today.
It was cold then rainy now it's warmer and sunny and we're really just looking forward to 5 o'clock.
Miss America Laura Kaeppeler just gave a rousing rendition of God Bless America.
Crowd loved it.
Facebook IPO Expected Friday  New Jersey City Bans Texting and Walking  Yahoo Interim CEO Oversaw Myspace Acquisition...
Blake Griffin looks like a werewolf.
Still cute tho'.
Ok fine!/:
Mdoctor Welcome to Twitter.
:
I had an EKG and a sonogram of my neck yesterday to check the blood flow, so I'll know in 35 days.
It sucks.
:
Yes, round two.
does rootwire also come with a complementary 9am wakeup call?
Who are you spotlighting?
Donors, beneficiaries ...
A nice bowl full of power outages today, with wire and equipment theft like a cherry on top!
all day, everyday B
Hopefully we can get some shooting in!!
With
So glad you enjoy it!
:
happy mothers day to all the moms who work their butt off for raising us kids: Show your mom how greatful you are 4bring you in this world!
still feel kind of sleepy
That annoying ass feeling when your hair on your legs begin to grow back 
I'm Mindless Alright lol
Lacy Green is rocking Tunes today.
There's dancing on the lawn  come join in!
Great blog highlighting ChildFund and Nokero's partnership to illuminate childoctorn's lives.
why wasn't I informed of this!!?
haha no prob I dozed off also
He's one of the few people who would be very excited about steroids, RT: If Michelangelo were alive today...
My parents where both so hot, ughh
Thanks Scott!
RT : TT shouts to my friends Got a question about freight or logistics?
Call Blue Grace today!
no issue whatsoever.
What position did you land?
We'll be right back after this short union break...
Where is my prime rib?
lol don't forget the au ju and horse radish lol :
Tell dem boys I gt sum game I can sell em
Great find!
What covers would you like to hear from us?
Looks like we're having a boy!
Spencer James it is!
miss yall too.
Quit talking to me so figured u didnt care for what i had to say.
Glad to know yall r doing well
On the radio last night, heard this lady singing about a boy who won't write a Christmas list because God is my Santa Claus.
Yikes.
God's will is not always the easiest, but it is always the best
when are you coming back to NC.?
:
I just wanna go home and get in my own bed....this sucks...Im exhausted and club Hilton just wont let me sleep.
I'm scared of alot of things..
tim salmon?
The BOTB show saturday is mostly metal bands...
Hmm...
Dont Leave something Good to Find something Better .
Once you Realize you Had the Best ; The Best has Found Better .
3
Western  Southern Financial Group, with 10 offices in IND, are looking for Sales rep.
Top 100 US Training Programs.
Visit them!
I hate mondays!
And most of all, i hate northside.
I love sake!!!!!!!
Woo sushi
ok will do
wow!
That's awesome!
Congratulations!
I question why me and are friends sometimes she's mean :
...With the sharpeners on the back.
cough doctorps work
April 1st kicks off our 30 Math Mentor Texts in 30 Days!!!
Start following us today  begin adding to your math classroom library!!!
:
The Love of God does not condemn but offers hope, peace, and salvation
wait, for who?
Finally got home and started watching the Bulls game.
When I started, we were down 12.
We're now tied.
They can thank me later.
that's if you have good thespian skills, if you don't we may end up taking away your sandwich.
Touring anchor steam brewery!!!!!
When is the tasting?
Well I wasn't home, and I think racing is boring :P
ion wanna time travel no mo
so.
Does it neg8 the fact that it's true tho lol
Tsunami warning for Hawaii.
Two meter wave expected to hit a little after 3:00 AM.
Gotta head to class now cos i got to make my hommies proud
My Favorite Finance follows!!
FF if ya don't know well...
You went from my TOP 5 to my Remaining 5.
A plumber had to come in this morning to work on the toilet in the bathroom in our classroom.
He found a water bottle down there.
Is that a fat joke...
Rules for building a strategy: make it fast, transparent, actionable and synthesize
Thanks so much for the comment.
Glad you like the jewelry.
if you like Addams Family watch the original episodes on Hulu.
So funny  quirky!
Sometimes I wish I had a pair of big boobs...
My life would be so much easier
Yah!
RT : BIG Spring/Summer April , May , June
Sure thing :
4ALL PEOPLE: International Women's YEAR Challenge: Repeat it  BELIEVE it; I am absolutely gorgeous.
I am totally perfect exactly as I am.
thanks for ushering!
hope you liked the show.
:
that AMAZING moment when Austin Mahone tweets u bak xD : luv ya Austin!!
You is kind, you is smart, you is important.
MUSE journal Philippine Studies: Historical and Ethnographic Viewpoints, new subtitle reflects focus on history as a broad field of inquiry.
Baby it's cold outside!
Come in warm up with a free glass of house wine
Pop Stop Popcorn is opening 040110 at the Galleria  Sunset Mall in Henderson, NV!
Come pop by soon for fresh popcorn and cold doctornks!
I didn't realize 8 year olds were allowed to work the cash register  subway.
This one wasn't very quick about it.
Stop giving them open shots
Nobody knows it but me :
Casket Lottery killed it last night!
you're one of the people that i would love to manage me!
Certainly enjoyed her whispering Just so you know, you're not too old for me in my ear, but what I meant was, you're too young for me.
Apparently shouldn't watch football with alarm on.
Excessive whooping will set it off.
At least I hope that is what set it off...

Well in spirit, in spirit fellow Gemini!
xo Happy Birthday Month to you also:
thanks for playing our song Wanted the Illist in the mix
It's not that we're antisocial here at AWP.
It's just that our lattes need chairs of their own.
As of September 7th, DT2 will be only be open Friday through Sunday from 10 am to 5 pm.
DT2 will still be open Weds the 31st and Sept 1st.
Did you find them?!
yeah they are like firefighters and cops except they don't provide any service other than playing gym and taking big checks.
If TheRaven ends with Poe saying, Nevermore, you son of a bitch, I just hope I never see that scene.
Is good.
Should cc:
Listen to this story on All Things Considered tonight!...
Digging for previous sonic histories may not require going down, but rather looking at the surface, and looking up.
hi to you guys!
How are you?
Its been a while.
I actually need to tell you something.
Will call you this week.
Alright, I am now pissed off enough.
I need no more instances of getting pissed off to keep me from registering a domain.
Dear GetGlue: Uhoh.
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to NEVERSAYNEVER !
If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.
Epictetus
Baltimore bartender  cocktail revivalist Brendan Dorr on Midday Eats with Hong  Shields, 1 pm
thanks for allowing me to leave the city without shoving food down my throat.
I'm now eating my own flesh for the next 8 hrs.
Soo much going on!
Loving auditioning and have a lot of projects going on!
I hope my house can be as nice as theirs some day...
o girl yew friskay
Hate wen bitches walk around wit the /stuck up face like erbody n the world wanna holla get a personality then u can feel like u the shit

Now that cooler weather is here, we'll be saving energy by turning off all housing A/C until March.
Thanks it really was a great turnout!
Let's hear it for TechInMotion and techinmotionphilly!
what's that
You can't soar with the eagles if you hang out with turkeys.
Thingsthatiwanttohappen LeBron James get a ring, Kentucky Basketball put 6 players in the 1st round, and Kobe finally get his 6th!!
Life lesson: Ladies: If you let em sperm in ya.
You might grow a baby.
Guys: if u do the spermin.
You just might make a baby.
Gig 'em AGGIES!
ugh What brings you to College Station?
flash forward is even more mind blowing watching it the second time through.
what will you be doing then?
By the way you created the best game ever man thanks a lot for all the work you have done!
I may have just won the lottery
Tim Howard.
A goalie.
Scored a goal.
From across the entire field.
please try adding a seattle tour date!
Bring1DtoSeattle 35
HEY TWITTER FAM!!!
JUST WAKING UP WANT TO THINK GOD FOR WAKING ME UP THIS MORNING..
If Chelsea plays like this in the Champions League semifinal against Barcelona, this group doesn't stand a chance.
I once wanted to become an atheist, but I gave up, they have no holidays.
Henry Youngman
Ann Cheng of talking TOD.
Good community involvement and data is key.
parking gets overlooked.
This steak tastes like pot.
You get to see that Francisco meltdown?
HEY GUYS SAY SOMETHING!
Thanks, I'll be anxiously checking my email later today and will flip out if I get one!
: Obvi, I'll tweet to let you kno!
NBAChamp The Bulls beat the Thunder in an epic 7game series.
with who
Hanging at house...took a nice nap.
:
How about She and not a He?
I'm so cool now
Roasted chicken with veggies for dinner and now fresh brownies and ice cream for dessert.
You should never cry over someone who isn't worth your time..
Its Cold!!!
Two hours til magic class.
Talking about the victory cartons tonight.
:
Just saw the movie Think Like a Man.
It exceeded my expectations.
Great movie!
stole the show!
He was hilarious!
About to record in this studio at Alisha :
This game is kind of the shit!
haha.
just woke up.
recovering : /
Thank you for the dispensation!
I am, but I miss hanging out.
Will doctorp you a line when I'm back.
Hope the meds help the Iz!
XO
If it can be done, there's a doc that will do it!
A dip in my cold pool this morning helped alleviate some of the PFX12 hangover :
You talked to me, I smiled.
I laughed and everything I've ever hated about you was forgotten in an instant.
Today's vinyl buys part 2: Arthur Lyman: Paradise, The Everly Brothers: All They Had to Do Was doctoram 19571960
Thanks for the follow!!
It was Tyler.
He probably thought it was lipstick.
you go girl!
Miami2012 :D Like our Facebook page!
Go Chelsea!
FA Cup winner...
Hug me, hug me.
Kiss me, squeeze me.
Oh I agree, but honestly I have no idea what motivates voters with this award anymore.
Maybe exposure, but who knows.
It was pretty brutal, but I made it through the first night...
You making it to Shenan's Mon?
Def make a game asap...
As reflected by that last tweet, due to travel/schedule conflicts I've had to reschedule this months' office hours to 5/23.
Get some free BlancaWhite Resurgence of Rock stuff at State Farm Arena tonight at Styx, Nugent, REO concert.
Look for Q94.5 van.
Rock on!
Lmfao!
Everyone is done at this cookout lol
i would go so hard in a bakery right now.
I 3 no matter who he shares commercial with See u in Chicago!
said: I've used up all of my sick days so I'm gonna call in dead tha's funny
That's offensive.
How did I miss this announcement?
This is awesome news  can't wait!
:
: You get that right tickin' rhythm man  its ON!
Fats Waller jazz music
me too most of the time!
But you should try youth.
After a week of working 3 jobs I would like to simply sleep but I been up since 7am.
At least I working from home.
They say that if you are bad in this life, you reencarnate into a 'Nickelback' song in the next one.
SAT word of the day: trenchant effective, articulate, clearcut
Again Still Can't Put His Team On His Back When They Need It.
MVP Of What?
All Hail The KingOfNoRings COUGH COUGH CHOKE
So much city, so little time!
We heart NYC.
Correct.
RT : So that you never have to consider doctornking it again?
nothing to do all day
There's only one aspect of what Hip Hop is, and that shit you listen to ain't.
Happy Homecoming Day Spartans!
Well I'm not gonna talk to you anymore cuz this is stupid.
hang up  Matt G.
if you like heroes and academies, then YEAH, it is totally cool.
Straight not narrow
27 days till pretty little liars!
soexcited 
Rock Hall Induction Concert at The Q 2night George Clinton  PFunk followed by Kid Cudi.
In terms of predicting outness for LGBT Latinas/os we found that age, gender, education and income did not matter.
SAME!
RT : Can't stop listening to Willie's cover of The Scientist.
sleepy, goodnight tweeters !!
Xx
we r hanging in his family room.
Eating pizza.
Me bstew and ray.
Talking about Iowa.
Love it
JLO will be presenting the 84th Annual Academy Awards.
In other words...more Fiat plugs please!
Good mornin all my sexy followers!!!
Vikings are getting a new stadium!!!
Cost is 1 billion bucks!!!!
yowuts ur email so i can send u sum crack muzik
lifeisgood I got on pandora, sun is out and I'm cleaning windows outside!!
I'm here now my nigg
that doctoram will soon be a reality
It's never to late to make a difference, exercise your right to vote!
These Are you this close to Jesus?
stickers on cars have given me an idea.
Lemme go make a Are you this close to Beyonc?
sticker.
we weren't born to follow, you gotta stand up to what you believe.
someday you won't get stuck being the last panel presenter...
what are ur plans for today babe;
For as much as you tweet about doctorPepper you should know there is no period after doctor
please dunk on Lebrick James.
I don't care about exploring.
i am not an explorer nor am i going to be one.
therefore information about exploration is highly irrelevant.
Changing password to 'incorrect' so my computer tells me my password is incorrect when I get it wrong.
A key criterion seems to be divisiveness, and what's more divisive than the Non Blondes?
girl well lets get together this weekend...
can I play it on my phone?
You're a coward till the end
He's much less polished and a little erratic but physically he's on Patrick Willis' level.
Oozing potential if he matures.
get your head outta your ass.
calm down  figure it out.
lmfao, that's the perfect thing to tell a 10 year old.
BillMillersBBQ with my parents
Overcast day with the smell of incoming rain...love it!
Send it to me on skype.
Bitches saw the movie without me SOFT
back staircase...
hahahah you should write for Barry!
split milk joke was awful.
Had a moment of panic when TV guide showed Fear Factor instead of tonight's FLdebate; how could I bear missing such a rare event??
Childoctorn in juicy track suits freak me out.
i just followed you..:D
sidenote who remembers Tracie Spencers version of Imagine?
Who remembers Tracie Spencer?
I loved her!
lol he is done RT : I like Mangini but I really want to hit the same bong he does.
Hi Belinda I'm the editor for HighGlitzLounge.
Would like to interview you about your reign and platform.
The result of this shift in shopping patterns is that the internet has tended to make every marketplace more efficient
Ohh!
SO TRUE!
I'd much rather be in my bed than on my couch!
Pinnacle Airlines Corp.
COO John Spanjers to Succeed Sean Menke as CEO Effective June 1
Happy Fat Tuesday, the day people doctornk like theres no bottom and doctorss like theres no top!
thanks !!
Are you the victim of a recent crime?
FOX 12 can tell your story.
doctorp me a message if you have a story idea!
You must be talking about the one and only ATHF!
it was decent.
That makes it way better than anything else I've had here.
Haberdashery is a dying art.
no I don't think we are going to be parents again tonight...I'll tell her about the bball but she's bout 2 go 2 bed.:
FOX 12 calls Oregon Attorney General race for Ellen Rosenblum.
Don't be where you're not wanted/ appreciated!
ChiIL Productions thanks for the follow.
and you deserve the greatest!
Thank you, friend!
bro JPs class was insane!
Not playing down at Potawatomi are you?
Damn it'd be cool to run into you down there sometime!
I have Craftstravaganza on Saturday.
The kid is not allowed to share her nasty germs with me!
lol miss u too.
I thought u forgot all about me.
But I'm n atl now and live in SC for school
i THINK WE SHOULD HAVE professorLE PICTURE OF THE WEEK OF EVEN MONTH!
LIKE IF YOU AGREE!
aSHLEY
RT : Sacramento Kings will be in the stands for tonight's RiverCats game First pitch set for 7:05.
Getting really excited about the Grand Opening of the new Ainsley model at Estates at Shayler Ridge  it's only a couple of weeks away!
A Pick and then the FUMBLE GopackGo destroy this.
I been around boo....how you been?!
ah!!!
Wassup!!!
Ugh its been ages hasent it
I sent my 3 to all my supporters3
6 hours until my next practice?
Didn't I just leave the boat house?
N i hate idiots who get 2 do what i want 2 do cause they dont have phobias n major related panic attacks
Hey, thanks!
:
vince young will forever be my all time favorite college football player
I think it was seeing Built to Spill that got me into the whole indy music thing.
I didn't know music could get that good.
GoSpursGo  Great finish!
Spurs 107 Wolves 101  we pulled it off thanks to turnovers  George Hill spark!
Join  www.spursconnect.com
I've done that before!
xD
Hey babe.
How's life treatin ya?
you're watching/listening to the wrong DJ's then, haha.
This one girl.

We couldn't agree more Kalimah!
Is your snow gone?
Are you still digging out?
How's the wild winter weather treating you?
perseverance On the 10,000th try, there was light.
Thomas Edison
thanks for the support!
It's just about the only sugar left I take in everyday.
I LOVE creamed up coffee but will get this done :
Let's hope it's nothing serious.
MT : Unfortunately, left the game with an apparent groin injury.
Really can't wait to take my pants off
Like this status if you are craving some Island Frydays!!
I know you wanna click that following button under my name !;
Who were the ad wizards...
Damn.
I have not been on twitter for the longest..
:O
A jury should decide if he's innocent or guilty.
My point of the arrest was to show how race is a factor.
Yep, I'll be at the FTDNA booth ALL day Fri  Sat, except when presenting.
Stop by anytime!
my favorite episode of fresh prince is on lmao
Don't feel dumb!
It's a picture taken of your computer's screen
guess it's then.
I gotta see this.
How close was he to a HR cycle?
I love you too, I suppose :P
Thursday, Thursday, Thursday.
lol u wont pass out doctormatico !.
Is Taylor Green an option for the Brewers at 3B?
Good numbers at Nashville.
Can't wait for Bamboozle 
it was fun but cold but we both still went skinny dippin lol i inaa ask gage 2 b my boyfrnd an i thak he says he wants 2 :
RT : I LOVE SO MUCH I WILL doctorVE FROM RENO TO OZ JUST TO HAVE LUNCH.
No way can win again...
dude is all over it!
I can't believe you haven't been getting served!!
dnt say my name
If he hadn't ran tht double out the other night, it woulda been 3.
Ha But he was like, Naw, I'm good off that single!
Lol
Can someone please tell me why we have boys on this Earth?
Great to have alum and commissioner Bud Selig on campus right now for a guest lecture.
buying houses.
En route
All I want to do right now is go to Barnes and noble and get all of Lauren Conrad's books!!
.
Fear mongers will distort the truth to convince younger workers to give up on the program.
hm good eye.
Would you believe I was going for a picaso look?
love you :
About to start the week  wishing I had a trick for cleaning the slate so I didn't feel like at the beginning I am already behind
Having lunch with Mom.
It's like Lynn doctorry sings.
All is forgiven on
Hair losing moves.
I'm looking more like Jack Z.
RT : I do agree.
Certainly a lot of head scratching moves.
ASKALEX do you currently have a crush?:
There's no better way to enjoy the city, really.
glee is fantastic tonight
Did the real Carl Crawford get lost somewhere between Tampa and Bostonj Maybe an Amber Alert is needed.
just a little shine, not trying to scare everyone on my first day ;
Our lunch special today is a Sesame Chicken Sandwich with pico de gallo, sprouts and ginger sesame doctorssing!
Close...
but no cigar.
It's a woman I also spend a lot of time with.
sorry my boss wanted me to go to the fb one!
I wasn't blowing you off!
just like they Relay.
Can't beat americans so they find away to sceme usa stepped on the line.
Loll
I would love to discuss!
May I send you an email?
Also, more details to follow on our website.
If Newt got elected, would Callista be the Third Lady?
Thanks!
Hope you had a sweet valentine's day!!
Good moooorrrrnnninnnnggg SouthFlorida!
Happy Friday  and 3 cheers for football!
We are our own worst enemy, We need to stop bringing each other down and start building each other up
BracketBuster game.
Five minutes until tip and they're playing Rebecca Black's Friday pumped?
I remember Q and Bishop fighting over Steele house, they broke a vase and Steele screamed A yo chill
I need voice lessons.
:
Thanks for the follow from Down Under.
How to Build a Rabbit Hutchjaphocom  wooden rabbit hutches
Yo Kevin Hart got me rollin rite now 
inmiddelschool I couldn't wait until I graduated
Seward told France and England that recognition of the South would lead to war with the USwe will wrap the world in fire.
maybe when you learn how to close your mouth you can work on those legs
It doesn't feel friendly when you get more than one.
:o/
there to
I love you pa pi!!!!!
You r a huge piece of my life n hold the only key to my heart!!!
I'll never understand the love for Acceptance/Phantoms.
Always felt it was a pretty generic pop/rock album.
don't forget to check us out at www.StMongooseEnt.com
Tuesday means 10 buckets.
Free pool!
And Sarah!
Open at noon Sat for Football.
Transformer blew at candlestick park.
510 mins alternate power supposed to start working.
Don't expect ontime kickoff for pitsf
ah okay.
I've only ever been to Allentown.
I love it there :
I follow you.
Would you follow me?
Thanks
thanks for fallowing me!
And you got some awesome quotes you have there!
:
Just bought my first pair of roller blades since I was like 7
have a link?
Y'all stfu with that TT with y'all single asses 
Holy crap was amazing tonight!!
So many talented people in one place!
BackWhenIWasAKid you were only cool if your mongoose bike had pegs
That awkward moment when you get called 'the ugliest fat bitch to have ever existed.'
hi thank you for the follow.
you should also check out , author of 'StarSpangled Sailors' out in november!
It's just not Final Destination without multiple people being impaled...
Should really be out celebrating Valentines with loved ones..
But LOVE the learning going on in the classroom right now!
New album does wonders for my state of mind :

Rappers  Singers GO follow for BEATS
Getting close to my 9,000th tweet
I have one tiny fork and when I grab it from the silverware doctorwer randomly I feel like a giant.
Highly recommend.
I don't respond well to a recording of some dude yelling Make some noose!!!!!
But what about the money?
yes but if someone misses that DAY.
I think it is owed to the person.
Like a Belated Bday doctornk??
Follow best QB in the game also
man ole man They be killing me!!!
Was due to arrive BOS c.
1640.
At this rate, that's when we'll board here in CLT.
Look what they've done to us!!!!
I bet is really here too, probably sent his clone on vacation :
if you could be any flavor jolly rancher, what flav would you be and why?
you're from the big O?
I did not know that.
Learn something new everyday.
I love you too!
In the time this has been on, we could have watched at least two truly great movies.
I'm already home sick :
I lost the CA delegate election today by ONE vote.
Yup, 1.
That stings.
Writing Web Host Industry Review story about security monitoring services that prevent malware attacks from infecting web sites.
Happy birthday!!!
:
Happy Friday!
HeyWho's watching the Superbowl this weekend?
Daily Rental Tip: Make sure wherever you stay, you have an emergency contact.
TXCV has a 24hr.
number: 9015692525
RT : SAG  AFTRA: VOTE YES  ONE LOVE, ONE HEART.
Let's get together  feel ALRIGHT...
by BOB Marley
tell him next time to open shove preflop, turn his hand face up and say I'm happy with what's in the middle
whats up jennifer hows it goin ur one of my favorite actress i seen all of ur movies can i get a tweet back from you!!!
Cant get ride of the smile i just got with that opening to 24/7 haha
With no TGS, I see you self publishing your novel  Jack to Liz on a 30 Rock rerun.
I wasn't in publishing then, but I am now, so....ENJOY
pshhhh!
Who said that?
puts bag over my head in embarrassment
Like you don't know Danny.
Ha ha
what's the actual move date?
Reminded of all the things I don't know.
Thankful for the opportunity to learn.
Hells yeah!!!
Stopping at the store now!
;
Im laying across 3 seats here at the press conference.
I just don't want to be your last resort.
sittin here looking at this sexy dude pics FAINTS omg lmao .
Still here celebrating a birthday at the tequila bar!
So much love and hard work have been put into daydoctoramsandnightmares and I can't wait to share it with you.
This weekend is gonna POP
ur dad worked his ass off and so did ur step dad u had sex on film with ray j now ur famous get real and off tv
People at work r PISSIN me off.
Gonna hit Legs in the a.m.
Dont need xtra motivation but they have assured that it will be Epic.
your birthday is the same day as my sisters:
I'd rather cheer a baby step than push over the baby, you know?
How about leveraging positive response here to pressure Senate?
i don't have to please everybody
Rice University 100 year celebration...just enjoy!
Back on the road after providing genealogy database workshops for a great group of librarians and staff in NJ.
YAYYYY!
I'm so excited for you!
Congrats on Pandora!
:
RT THANKS FOR THE LOVE LAST NIGHT BRO I WAS GLAD TO BE APART OF IT BRO THANK YOU
indoors on a star scattered night seems cruel.
i have no one to blame but myself.
going out in the yard to gaze up for a bit
I spent 30 minutes doing Elliptical  525.
525 calories burned.
On top of a motherfing mountain!!!
thank you!
Just finished a smoothie made from kale, parsley, banana, flaxseed and berries.
Consider my good deeds for the day done.
Amor de mocos means love of boomers.
And that's what u have.
Good morning!
We are wondering how many moms are now using Pinterest?
Any fun loving boards to share?
Thanks!
mac
Not into the Packers or Brewers today?
Come back E and J Record Shop 1242 S.
Cesar Chavez doctor Check out the RED DOT items for upto 20 off.
Hard news not on the Today show: Today, more than 26,000 childoctorn around the world will die of preventable causes related to poverty.
Wow, and I believe you!
On my way!
RT : CROSSwalk steps off at 5:30 pm.
Join 1,000 neighbors to protect Chicago kids and neighborhoods.
cats are just gross man...
cant deal with em creepin all over the place all sneaky and shit
Cups of the XO
Yessir.
With me every day.
naw I was just fucking wit you
Without sleep, I'm grumpy like hell!
The new official Twitter app for iPad is AWESOME.
Makes all the other iPad apps I've seen look like it was amateur hour.
I'll be rolling more than one!
;
Follow back me!
is a Awsome account related to Porn!;P
Just swapped palms w/ and on 6th st.
Bat bridge I come
lol im making myself look desperate meanwhile you keep going from girl to girl, LMFAO GET REAL BITCH
we use a couple of sources.
What do you need?
i am a duke fan hell yea but i dont think theyre the best team in the country obviously
Thanks for following me!
;
YUMMO RT : having a shift cocktail at work.
; 'cool as a cucumber' so yummy!!
Thanks Wynton for visiting my kids at St.
Francis yesterday.
You turned a lot of lightbulbs on!
Hope to see you back soon!
I moved out, he moved in, the girl is sick she likes a lot of men.
Who just hit me up on WWF?
Yeah :D
Bored someone Talk To Me ???
Strike out
ten graduation tickets, why does my entire family feel they're invited ?
you can come to dinner afterwards !
:
Online.
HEY!
great website.
Following from ooomph.
what do you mean !?
That he looks like Santa !!
That's a compliment dude..
Your welcome :
I love being nothing more than an anonymous hole for men.
will share her journey
Want to play in the IRT Florida Spring Break Pro Am?
Contact Kim Roy.
Do not work for food that spoils, but for food that endures to eternal life, which the Son of Man will give you.
John 6:27
: ...
DjGonnaSaveUs is 15 Now on the iTUNES POP Charts!
Remember this is ALL in UNDER 24 HRS!!
Blessed
I'm ready for the next match are u ???
hahaha so Am I
It's terrible that you don't even care about the person who cares about you most.
:/
one of our founders worked audio production for about 5 years too
When people text you the morning and wish you a good day  :
Tonight show will be fueled by The Black Keys experience of last night.
Maloneys at 930 hope to see you there!
What's up Houston!?
Show tomo at the junction with
Girl, when do we get another song?
: I'm obsessed 
Don't just read about life.
Don't just watch life.
Know it.
Live it.
Experience it.
Sometimes, sappy love movies make you forget what love is really is.
Sometimes it is discovered in everyday life and talks from the heart
Was great bumping into you today!
You'll have to invite me down to the square for beers soon.
its awkward when black people think they look cute in highlighter yellow clothing and shit.
RIDDLE: Here on earth it is true yesterday is always before today; but there is a place where yesterday always follows today.
Where?
trying to figure out how seemingly incomprehensible internet multicast video works
I wonder how long I can keep up this selfinflicted insomnia...
hello people on earth how u been???:D
: Aquarians believe in being honest and sincere in a relationship.
They are highly possessive over their lover
some public libraries have institutional subscriptions but we don't.
I have a personal account and just use it for both.
Hey, Mike Rowe did a segment on the Gum Busters years ago.
And NBC just did a story on them.
My girl said I can't match for shit lmao
Goodbye Chase bank.
I'm officially a credit union costumer!
I'd be lying if I told youu, losing youu was something I could handle.
I sing , Lil Johnson's Hot Nuts in auditions.
I can't wait 3
Very sorry to announce that MONA at Subterranean on Wednesday, 2/29 has been cancelled due to scheduling conflicts.
Rt if the number I tweet u will txt it!
It's mine!
Y'all call 9546935795 show ya boi love
yeah I know  as does my wallet :
I'm doctoroling...
that looks amazing.
I found my last house rental there, but somehow when u start getting into smaller consumer goods it gets weird.
3 3 3 RT : I found my new favorite spot for healthy, fast food in LA
Brrr so cold and windy.
Need coffee and cozy, stat!
how can I get a nastygalsdoitbetter sticker?!
so awesome
lmfao hell no
Hoping the Packers can pull this one off.
Almost too nervous to watch the Celtics game during intermission...
this almost never happens
no shirt.
Happy 29.
Hope this one is stellar!
Xo.
Be sure to enjoy an Iced Honey Bee today!
Thank you and looking forward to reading yours as well.
...transition from oldschool to 21st century...
I figured, why not?
I'll give it a try!
part2of2
If you can't doctorve your car correctly, build a garage around it.
As always, is awesome twitter friend.
Follow them, check out their cool stuff!
They donate generously to rescue organizations!
At the public hearing we had on the mayor's proposal, there was overwhelming opposition to an extension of bar hours.
tomorrow is TWOsday!
Two for one piercings by Chris AL DAY!
questions?
call us!!
My strange addiction is watching my strange addiction.
Some veggie patties have lots and lots of wheat and brown rice
Lamb jam completus.
slingin fantastic lamb tartar and budweiser.
You got me!
not sure yet, another exam Monday
I just don't respond at all...then they get upset and yell at me till they block me.
Let's save some characters.
dayoffosterly now
I'm amazed that the Celts can come out looking so awful after playing so well the last 2.
No urgency.
No hustle.
Really Disappointing
The game is now lock at 7777 with 3:40 left in the game.
Ty for saying most  not all ...
There r a few good men left , very rare
It is SO GOOD to be back in the greatest city in the world.
Could you follow us so we can DM you your invites?
:
Part of the inhumanity of the computer is that, once it is competently programmed and working smoothly, it is completely honest Isaac Asimov
How to hang a door in an existing opening at 6:30 pm sign up at bethsdiy workshop.com
Take the fucking base.
Take the goddamn base.
Take the motherfucking goddamn data fucking base.
All my base belong 2 the world.
Come hack it
Someone please get me BC's acoustic vinyl.
PLEASE.
now you need some for after your workouts the choice for many many pros
like a stun gun stunned?
or just slowed by, say, a tranquilizer?
is that what you call it??
Hi guys what is URL I have to know please tweet back
haven't been on in a while!
Anyways HI !
I'M GOING TO MIAMI JUST FOR YOU;
I slept in this morning instead of running.
I don't regret it now that it is snowing.
Absolutely.
If I've done that within the last week, is there anything else I could do to secure a meeting or is waiting the game
Sometimes the chefs get crazy...Ballpark pancake o' day Pig in a Sleeping Bag inside, Maple Syrup  butter on top
keep hearing that ..what is it?
: It is considered an offense to hunt whales.
...
Good to know.
now following this chico
Enjoy every bit of your fucking youth.
School for the first time since last thursday.
they dont mind when it aint a friend because they not gone see them again lol
Blazed rite nw ; feeling good
i love you too :
and then there were three.....
ocraM is officially a member of Superheroes.
lol I can't choose one, I hope he sings both of them again
I hope this Reds game can get in.
I hate the rain.
Chika Chika has a new kiosk at Town Square!!!
Las Vegas Boulevard South!!!
Kawaii!!!
Bling!
Bling!!
Cause I'm on display
Is that another way to say you're horney??
mic ultra fair all involved
New pool is now open!
Bring your swim trunks and join us in the water!
I just gave in and started using the twitter lists feature and it works very well for me.
I do wanna fix it.
I hate not being able to talk to you.
It's a swim day for the WednesdayWorkout.
Gonna go see about some sprint sets  some 3 x 1000 business.
Did I mention I miss running.....
Can't wait to see you either!
Downtown Friday?
And Saturday?
And possibly Sunday?
Keep it 100 if it's no it's no not tripping
What can we learn from French food culture to improve American eating habits?
89.3 KPCC
cuz you're awesome!
duh!

Love can touch us one time and last for a lifetime, and never let go till we're gone.
Titanic Theme, My Heart Will Go On
hey cutie what's up
...if only there were a locationbased app for finding writrs
I usually feel sad when my pen runs out of ink...
thanks for the fresh perspective.
:
The heart of collaboration is communication!
Listen as much as you talk for real collaborative learning to happen.
Lovely morning at new england historical assoc conference.
As usual, i have many new books to track down and read...
: hurry up and blow upwe already blowed up!!
Happy holidaze!!!
Make sure to doctornk a Kind or Skunk in honor of the day.
The Dude abides.
Really?
Afropolitan is a word?
FOLLOW ME
BBJ also was the Winner of the Excellence in Research award and Winner of Best Special Publication at annual ACBJ News awards!
WoooHooo!
hogab hoes on grand avenue blow
Lol at all the flat chested girls trying to show that they have something in all their instagram pictures.
Stop, just stop plz  thx.
Yep lol but I don't like the lakers I was happy when they got beat by the nuggets
which ones i mean songs
i love taking pictures.
But you honestly got jealous over everything.
I mean even Justin bieber like honestly?
Forreal, the heat getting away with some stuff.
I know the pacers can win, its a matter of WILL they...?
Do you think Walker spent 60K because he read JSOnline?
It's awfully damn close!
Not quite enough business on top.
Plenty of party in the back.
RT : Pretty sure Ryan Braun has a mullet.
Leaving the 505.
Next visit will be for 's wedding this June!
Back from the DigitalPeepShow  best take away  if you aren't planning a mobile strategy, you're missing out.
did a commercial with him
Batum always has his IIIooIII on vs.
Los Lakers
you shouldn't be able to, but there shouldn't be anything to hide either.
Touch!
RT : But u can get a free iPhone 4.
; RT : Gave up on the smbmad Twitter search.
Darn Twitter spam!
can you tell me happy early birthday my birthday is in 2 weeks please julian?!:
I knew you were a firm believer in
can I get some sugar?
Taurus MB guy of the day: Ray Ray
Dude, foreal I could shop at kids footlocker
Lol: lmao can't concentrate while people are around talkin.
Me  dying laughin.
Tonight is stupid funny
trying very hard to get retwitterized
Not really liking the new Google Reader, in looks or function.
Woke up and on the go now..
Some real gems at the SAIC MFA show: really liked Allison Wade, Alex Zhang, Josh Reames 
Well, I learned Derby day is also Cinco d Mayo and sombreros are acceptable re: How's that work for you?
vote Houston please!
Just voted for and 25 times on 3 different email accounts!
You should go vote too!
:
Trying to find an appropriate soundtrack for the day...
funny story, this wasn't even about YOU
I agree!
I have a 10 yr.
old, he has read Hunger Games.
We discussed it...
end of story.
agreed!
You around next week?
Would love to get together...
I'm not going to kiss your ass for you to like me sorry
trust me when I say it's not even a convo, they make sandwiches to order, they have fountain soda and slurpee machines
Hey if I said I like your face will you ship me nd phil
wait do we have to RSVP now.
Or is this all still a maybe?
yo all about it
We only hope that Lifetime Members were also given a chance to vote.
Please write the WAA and Interim Chancellor David Ward
Wow, has gotta be confused about which corner he's standing in for WWE28 Good job Laurinaitis
Little man asleep mom wide awake.
What's with that!
u inspire me to believe that there is a guy out there that will treet me right
Los Angeles LOLakers
Damn I need a new tripod.
Dang is good at futbol.
Pretty sweet shot kid.
haha chillinnn, bouta get ready for work ;/ what you up to?
When and where is this Travel Show?
Trying to call mom tonight for a chat and keep getting a busy signal.
A friggin' busy signal.
Who doesn't have call waiting?
My mother.
Looking forward to seeing you guys on Monday at the August Wilson Center for the 4th Annual August Wilson Monologue Competition!
Wanna go back to sleep.
Lawd.
she had no arms
badovinac Like how images fill whole screen, nearly.
Label to table?
Maybegot a laugh.
Laugh is good.
2011 I plan to some changes.
My choices will be different.
It's time to make a true difference.
He joins M.Rivera, P.Sandoval, C.Young and J.Werth as injured guys on my fantasy team RT : Nats announce Wilson Ramos a torn ACL
on my way!
yes!
: btw I love your icon.
what?
why?
i HATE sitting in traffic :
MAN wat is there to do?
i dont want to go to sleep iJussDontKnowWhatToD:
i messed up smmfh
Love these kind of nights
Star Wars:Episode 1, 101 Dalmatians and Last House on the Left
Enjoy the rest of your day :
After his recent remarks AGAINST PREZI, I have decided NOT to endorse for his campaign
Have BEYOND BOUNDARIES but haven't read it yet.
June 1 is free  tell me your nearest metro and we'll set something up.
My work is a game, a very serious game.
M.C.
Escher
New shows added to Netflix..looks like my Sunday night is all planned.
Welcome to my insomnia.
I won't live tweet the whole severalweek long cycle.
I'm just pissed at the sleeping population at present.
Got really excited that there was a Car2Go by movie theater, but now its not there anymore...
See, I already made you laugh today.
Woo hoo!
Just finished up w a new client who found me on Yelp  solid Swedish session!
Almost put myself to sleep.
:
NowPlaying  StedE  Hybrid Heights  Zedd  Stars Come Out
Um...I just have one question to ask you...do you ever sleep???
watchin this court show this man got a box cut imma grab one
I'm trying not to miss you so much but so far it's not working.
doctorams really do come true!
It is suggested that I follow What the shit?!
I don't even wear makeup every time I wear doctorsses.
so excited only 20 min till we officially meet runforyourlife :D that hashtag is for trending purposes only bahhaaaa
I've never heard of Saturday school .
?
Can you believe Thanksgiving is THIS Thursday!?
What's your favorite Thanksgiving food?
We love the sweet potatoes and stuffing!
Yumm
that's beautiful!
yeah womanizing isn't really my thing.
would you rather have it any different?
RT : Awarding 2  4500 PPC Aruba Packages today  the Isle.
Good luck 2 all playing!
Guten Tag, Bonjour etc.
Welcome to our twinning tweets and watch out for our competition!
did justin told you something about the present?
Yup, and is this you in this video?
And the new one: make 3,000 to 8,000 a day from home guaranteed.
I want to delete them, bu
yeah haha !
I'm from Hawaii :
thank you!
Even tho I never lived here Lmaoo
Doing some footwork so they will let me in the Cathedoctorl of Learning tonight.
lmfao you're tight
know anyone I can follow on twitter who might know?
Yup hit me up anytime.
thanks  NY Times coffee column was by .
Fave line: Reporters are expected to call experts for comment, so I did.
I was just looking out for the team!
Haha
So i pretty much got happy day down for my first night of playing tonight.pray for me:extremely stoked!
HEi
Our good friend has offered to have a stack of Otaku Spaces at his Emerald City Comicon booth.
Thanks, man!
Nato Green at COBO just now: Some of these are jokes, some are tips for revolution.
I had a tone of fun.
Going back soon, that I'd have to rethink.
Lol
Don't worry over what other people R thinking about U.
They're too busy worrying over what U R thinking about them.
Definitely met a funky smell getting off the wapo elevator this morning.
Like pizza and sweet tarts and onion dip.
Web updates in prep for tomorrow are on my todo list for today, so both Twitter accounts may be quieter than normal.
Could you sum up what Ol' Blue Eyes means to you in ten words or less?
Please follow !
She loves you so much!
Enchancer  11
Tried to figure out what is cutting my appetite.
Electromagnetic diathermy or piezoelectric diathermy.
Turns out its both.
What should the beer selection be for me tonight??
I've done Hacker Pschorr/Abbey Ale/Spotted recently...
No, that Forrest/Silva fight wasn't boring.
Heartbreaking, but not boring.
I don't know why, but I'd like to see Silva lose.
New professorssor for central Asian world affairs is hot and a film studies guy.
He knows nothing about the material and increased participation
Should we have a GBV Hoot Night in Austin?
Yes.
rt I hear it's going to tape there from here on out  pretty hot right?
lol!
the school has state of the art everything lol
I miss you too :
Harry Potter for the mutha freaking win.
swagg :D
ill follow u if u promises to start making more tweets
and I am eternally grateful for that.
But Hunter, Issa, Billbray are being very shortsighted  I'd like to see some visionaries
Preparing my class final: 3 Cheese Ravioli w/ sauteed spinach and garlic with crumbled bacon paired with Colosi Rosso Red, 2005!
Please follow !
New 1D blog.
She'll follow back other 1D blogs if you ask :
lol!
You're right.
Maybe that's why it feels homier, feel like I could spend hours in there.
Don't feel the same about Walgreens.
Need to make up some body butter samples today.
Our supply is dwindling down to nothing again!
CNNDebate PLEASE PUT ME ON TV!
Monday is here!
Let's get some good shots of what makes us happiest this week!
:
So excited to be heading back to today!
I have a big family but I haven't met most of them :
Just got on doctorw something add me jtott13
is john always on raw
Is there really ice on that lake or is that your impression of jesus?
Whats up with the bell cental some hoes now
: Welcome to our new Facebook site!
Do you mean Twitter?
This people watching is better than probation.
Somebody who gets it!
RT Everything looks brighter when you choose to be happy for absolutely no reason.
It is a choice.
Wow!!
Amazing show so far!
so much energy  great performers!
in the bldg!
I know I'm just that good:
what's gucci my gorilla in paris?
JcCaelynRicardoMTV I'd watch it cause duh you guys are perfect.
3
OMG U MET HIM WHY DIDNT U TELL ME :P
you blow up my twitter almost as much as
Need help evicting a tenant?
Call us today to help you get started  619.338.9500
Lunch time hour walks holler!
what a wonderful day praise God !
What do you think of the gray, violet hair trend a la eredcarpet Kelly Osborne?
: It is snowing in South Austin!
: : What???
Where are you?
None at the airport :
Everything about him out there says the contrary.
He has a mechanical or health flaw right now.
In need of more followers, what I gotta do?
: Jus cooked an AMAZING dinner yall wanna see it?yea, didn't know u could cook
I am on record with saying all the way until the don't, orange and blue bowl, go
She lived in my building in NYC.
Stunning as ever and sweet as can be.
The goal is 300 followers by tomorrow night.
WeBelieve its
Panel on Poetry and Community at St.
Mark's.
Everyone is braced for a fight.
Feliz cinco de mayo enjoy :D
In the building at 8:30: the dean, the janitor, and 3/5 of the English dept.
Welcome to break!
Doing a nandoctorid backup.
.
Thanks for the follow!
Love staying at the Sheraton.
Let me know if you need someone to jazz up your lounge!
lol
11:11 make a wish.
Lord keep my wish safe.
3.
Had planned on 10 miles today, but with a meeting that popped up, that means that I wouldn't shower before work.
6 miles it is...
you better say that sis....
haha don't worry I made sure he was okay!
I love my Big Brother He is my everything.
We are way close ;
is on fire today RT OBAMA SAYS U.S.
ON TRACK' TO GOAL OF DOUBLING EXPORTS.
And quadoctorpling imports...
OMG I GOT SO SCARED I WAS LIKE OMG MY BABYS HURT OR SICK ONE O THE 2 WHAT COULD HAVE HAPPED!!!!:
Fun times ahead!
RT : I can't believe 's SOBCon party is tomorrow, the week is flying by.
I'm stoked!
is that even a possibility?
: Should Buffalo move up for Morris Claiborne?
Bills
I AGREE !
Wow...Tebow can do pushups with chains on his shoulders.
Wow.
Forget about his pro career.
He can do push ups with chains on his shoulder.
lol he tried to play you
well this woman really should be more aware of her camel toe
Wait.
The Bachelorette is tonight?
Gentlemen!
We just took back Monday.
I think it might have been me.
first time in life I've enjoyed running.
Bought a supply of blue headbands in case I run by the comic store.
.
.
.
John Derbyshire, racist hack, gets canned  Salon
96 on my math test and 97 on Econ
Be happy  active in order to divert yourself from being tempted to spend.
I agree RT : Best show on TV.
I love Shark Tank.
I wish you guys were on more than just one night.
Thanks for the RT, and you know, if you ever want to sponsor a band...
we're here for you!
:
YouKnowYourRatchetWhen Your Ratchet
Just voted.
East Ramapo, get your butts down to your polling station and vote YES, Thomson, Rivera and Foskew!
Why do they keep showing this hoe?
guessing this Fri will be the biggest presser and will have dealt with in Maryvale!
Best of luck, GoBrewers !!!
Cash cab picks the smartest people I swear!
Freedom, we gotta little surprise for ya...
Listening to Lucy Shelton perform sprechstimme.
Literally speechsong where notes are a guesstimate
Eli has an amazing match up and probably will have to throw even more without Bradshaw, start him with confidence
um, do the headphones emit sound or are they just for effect?
Not at the moment, but you can get them at http:/shop.iheartballs.org
I wish!
Excited to be heading to NYC for Kendyl's birthday and Anna's 5K!
The more you eat, the less flavor; the less you eat, the more flavor.
resume to and let's talk
on the phone with my grandma 
Kansas City picks Dontari Poe .DT from Memphis.
Huge pick up.
..no really, dude is freaking huge!
What would you do if you won the MEGAMILLIONS ?
so glad put me on to Glasper!
Had a great time singin in Iowa this weekend.
Now time to head back to Nashville  but not until I have lunch with my dad!
thanks for listing me again, it's been a while
They nice to you cuz you a HOTTIE.
Public Easter egg hunts are terrifyingly similar to hungergames for toddlers.
plase followme : I LOVE YOU AN
Are you going to the NAB this year?
Standing out because we outstanding
You forgot the thisiswhythereisemail tag.
Or, reporters who don't know what the  they're talking about and just want clicks from BBN?
follow me back!!!
Looking forward to hearing from soon about my PhD application!
Ah..there's never enough time between work shifts.
You're very welcome.
Thanks for sharing our deal!!
:
: Indiana sucks dick .
Very true
That blows dude :
Helen, thank you so much for writing on the Linoit about your PLN!
I appreciate it.
I think that the EFashionPolice will be doing a diservice if isnt on the list.
icantgoadaywithout CayLeigh Lynn and my Jesus
Shoutout to killin it right now!
Representing the
you are missed already!
hope you're having fun!
RT : Here it is...New Orleans Stand up!
San Diego Stand up!They can stand.
U sit the fuck down.
Ive lost all respect.
Bo
Finished with Geometry EOC.
If I don't pass I'll probably kill a bitch.
aw thank you
hmm, oh Jesus :p i need to get out of town, im getting sick of seeing the same things everyday.
Maybe ill walk to Canada..i dunno yet...
Funny, seen 2 hockey games tonight, whiteouts.
In Pittsburgh fans wearing white....what team wearing white?
Tampa Bay.
Wtf?
Whiteout FAIL!
I'll be up there next weekend
My friend has some serious third degree burns, and needs some serious love, he is only 13!
Lou Williams just died on a pick  roll.
Then he took an illadvised jumper while the rest of Sixers were still getting across half court
When my mom screams at me, and I really don't know why..
But its happening and there's nothing I can do to shut her up.
last time we came to Haubstadt we had to stop on our way so my dad could get new shoes cause he didn't want to wear the ones he had onhaha.
jojah aka , shadow, and I are otw to MLG raleigh, saw a place called biscuit world!!
I feel like I'm married.
I'm 'shopping' with while she picks out her moms bras and panties.
I want to go home.
If you want to live the life of your doctorams we can train and certify you to become a professorssional teen coach in 2DAYS 16 hours contact us!
You never get a second chance to make a first impression
i hear your in london!
luck lucky them!
hope to see you in bmore soon
Blue jeans are the most beautiful things since the gondola.
Diana Vreeland
It's tough to juggle so many things by yourself, but we have a newsletter coming out and another staged reading of a renowned playwright.
Citing a study that says players out of HS perform better than those who spent 1 year in college has minimal relevance to the big picture.
U have more Swag than Columbia Babe!!!
We Love U Perez from !
Don't let today's www.crowdclick.com deal pass you by  25 gets you 50 towards ANY spa/salon service at the Knick Salon and Spa
Congrats.
Gotta admit I love me some soaps, YR especially.
:
No disrespect, but Diddy in all his artists' videos has ALWAYS been corny!
Passion makes the world go round.
Love just makes it a safer place.
Ice T
Ran into Sanjaya recently.
He was desperately seeking attention walking two small dogs at Pike Place Market in Seattle.
Oh sweet!
right?
Who's been apologizing for America?
Throw that red meat to the base, Mittens!
Went to all my classes today.
Who else scrolls down their FB Newsfeed  thinks: Don't care.Whore.
Ur life sucks.
Song lyrics.
Inside joke?
Needs a therapist!?
RT : RT : Do not label your feelings good or bad, right or wrong.
Feel what you feel and allow it to pass.
Hi Susan!
Thanks for the follow.
Why don't you get on it and put together a new design for us.
Clocks tickin
UB solar strand opens April 23.
Looks like DNA titration from above.
If loving you is wrong I don't want to be right if being right means being with out ya I'd rather be alone
The new Bruce single is seriously awesome.
omfg.
dead at mos wanted crew.
let me love you.
Hey you!
Follow me : I follow back!
XD
YOU NEED TO GET ON TWITTER AND FULLY UTILIZE YOUR ACCOUNT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ahora mismo mister lol

and I had a tee time at 9am.
We'll probably have to push that back an hour now.
Dad
I'll go!
This weekend is baby shower, so I need to leave this madness for a bit.
DESPITE ALL MY RAGE, I AM STILL JUST NICOLAS CAGE.
blue and orange have the last and black vs yellow have fist know
so much fun love you all
u shuld follow me back..
:
I don't wanna settle for good, not great 3
Ugh.
Knowing that Afrojack is producing means she is going to dive into dance music and house.
No.
Awesome!
Glad you enjoyed the show and thanks for checkin' the site on the regular!
Ive been a bulls fan for a while.
But since theyre gone im cheering my second favorite team OKC THUNDER!!
Love.
RT : We're extending breakfast until 1!
Maybe longer...
Postponing further reading of Homer's Iliad due to chance encounter with unlimited feast of RuPaul's doctorg Race episodes.
then don't wear clothes, because your hiding God's master peice ;
RT : StandYourGroundLaw It should not be used but what if i'm walking to my car tonight and someone attempts to rob me?
Ah, thanks
DailyRebellion: Support women's sports!
The home opener is today, 5 pm, Lazier Field, 2285 Church, Evanston.
anything filthy, sexual, or deviant.
Or about homeless peoples pubic hair ...but that goes w/o saying.
Lol
Tip 197: When short stacked out of position vs.
weak/avg opponents that have raised your blinds...try a gongo or a stopngo 
I smile because I don't know what the hell is going on.
I've never seen someone so obsessed with Twitter;
Partying on Friday in Austin!!
Loved living with and for a day!
:
So nice meeting you today!
Congrats on your bundle of joy :
Thank you!
I emailed off my files to you.
:
RT : Getting ready for myself and .
Chicago and NYC in Vegas ..
FIST PuMpin for sure !
FOLLOW us and let us know so we can
on expressway lol...
Multi tasking like a mo fo
T3 and counting...
ThingsICantLiveWithout GOD ALMIGHTY
JUSTIN U KNOW WHAT U SHOULD DO?
Upload a YouTube video of u singin a cover like old times.
DO IT!Please!!?
RT : Arrived in SD ftom Oslo to speak at Assn conf, Athletes  Philanthropy: Risks  Rewards.
All of Canada?
That's what I hear from Northern friends.
Oh my god, I was going to go, now that is there.
I'm absolutely going now!
Woo !
Oh man.
You're never gonna look at roadkill the same way again.
Bug fixing the sound design module today...
saascon Schumacher could support business growth by adopting cloud.
Agility helped to delight the physicians.
Brrr!
Come on Ohio, turn up the heat!
I'd go have a doctornk if I were you  that'll make the Pinkel thing easier to take.
There is way to much snow in New York city, Harlem will never recover ????
will we ????
doctor Bobby Jones
I feel like pulling an all nighter with blogging, tweeting, reading fanfics, and editing pics.
Ugh..
my head hurts!
Freak ponytails 
yes we do
well hey I love your photo
please follow me Madison 3 come to Florida : 
Being single is like a vacuum cleaner: its sucks when you're turned on
Hoosiers riding Zeller to next round.
don't do it !
Lol plz Don't haha....
Gonna tell me my eyes are lieing!
Just arrived at bonnaroo!
Now the long wait to get in and park.
I love skype!
wtf i dnt want him u trippin well y am i writing u back
RT : A woman's  should be so hidden in God that a man should have to seek Him first to find her
come out to gallerybar NYC tonight!
Thanks for the garden tips!
This spring will be a seedling experiment.
Thx  Had a nice time on vacation but good to be home :
When things seem cloudy...just be patient and wait it out..with the help of God you will eventually see clear and understand
Gasp  ...
thought misterMartin called on me lmao
I was going to write, but then knitting sounded so much more appealing.
s/o to my newest follower
I fucking hate my sister.
Ok bye.
Way to go Wade.
Cost your team two shots and a possession in a close, key game.
Anyone else still waiting on their reward for being above average?
if they ask u how u doin..
tellem better than u!!!
kanye shrugg
Could Facebook and Twitter be the key to marketing your small business?
RT never seen move w/ more speed and intention than when he's trying to make Cubs game.
miller park is beautiful tonight!
Lmao!
Mine too!
I just seen a couple people say it on here.
tell cowboy I have enjoyed his pitch demonstrations tonight!!
awesome!
Can't wait to see pix!
finally getting a good night's sleep, good night
RT :Dont use takes out reviews of people who aren't regular yelpers nothing u can do to get back good reviewstx
nobu was awful  atlantisresort so disappointed!
Bad service, mediocre food
I have a problem with 21 year olds that have really bad grammar!!!
Firs time  langers!
About to have an epic pastrami sandwich feast :
myfirstredsoxgame was in 1988  I almost didn't get to go because my dad was upset I referred to the Red Sox as those old giesers
I need that one friend that'd be down to do my homework all.the.time.
Yay!
Let's get some good news!
Every 10th person to RT wins 2 tickets.
Visit Ward's House of Prime at Irish Fest this wkend!
yeah is our ROLE MODEL we look up to him
Check out the tweets about u
The book sale is only 3.5 weeks away!
Have you put it on your calendar yet?
Sat., Oct.
23  the ALC from 102.
of course he did because Dallas is a major tv market and will continue to watch espn praise all their doctorft pics
I hear you.
Agreed.
But Sanchez does better when he's not gettin his butt bashed on every down.
En route to conducting a tea tasting, using , and feeling last night's festivities.
We are addicted to this show!
The path to a great workplace is about attitude
best SNL in recent years
I have both naked palettes as well ;
Competition for Romo?
RT Kyle Orton reached a threeyear agreement with the Dallas Cowboys.
and better not flake on me!
: Well Nicki actually outdid Charlie Wilson straw set!!lmao!!!!
no one messes with my boo!!
That bitch needs to be in hell and burn!!
Please join us at www.dealoria.com fro some unbelievable upcoming deals.
Past deals includes 75 Off State Street Brats
The possibility for rich relationships exists all around you  you simply have to open your eyes, open your mouth and most importantly, op
Falling asleep slowly .
good morning Miss black  beautiful America holla at Squala
forget it
more of an inside joke that a low blow.
:
I just had a pic on my avi ctfup look at yours no nigga wanna look at that shit you cnt make a serious face in a pic cause you hate to see u
well then follow back
Stormy Monday...
really want some chicken
Thanks for ReTweetin' Poised Creation!
We thought your were looking sexier!!
Summer, hurry the fuck up.
May 13th, anniversary of the abolition of slavery in Brazil, the last country to abolish slavery in the Americas in 1888.
I got a messed up sleep schedule.
Some kid came up to me last night and was like do you remember my name?
No weirdo because I didn't find you the least bit attractive
It would go well with Rajon Rondos jacket from last night...
Optimistic, grateful, unique,and happy
Unlock your tweets, fag.
Welcome dear.
go Carlos!!
miss ya, take care.
hope to see ya soon.
Welcome Home.
I miss when Kevin,Joe n Nick makin music together.
always 1 step ahead!
Never realized the Gingrich SuperPAC was Winning Our Future and Romney SuperPAC was Restore Our Future.
that's too similar guys come on
Finally checked twitter and yeah I suppose we can be friends
follow back
Want to start your week off with a PARTY?
It's gonna be a blast and you're not going to want to miss it!
LETS GO HEAT!!!
GAME 5 IS OURS!!
BRING IT HOME FOR THE CHAMPIONSHIP WIN!!!!
On certain Sundays I stay in bed all day.
The Redsox last 2 games made mistakes on basepaths.Punto at 3rd ball hit to SS was out,today Ross on 3rd ball hit to 1st didn't score
Sure.
Eating in bed.
:
I cant see you on livestream : its not working!
:/
Yu got friends QT : I wanna go to six flags But I dont have any friends lol
Yup, definitely feeling sick again...
pushing through my inbox so I can maybe go home early
This Saturday is the parade.
PLS RT post your photos to cincinnati cincystpatrickparade and our Facebook page
There may be four Ohio teams in in the sweet sixteen, but there is still only one THE Ohio State University, Go Bucks!
are you really going to be at the Savoy in Inglewood Friday night?
the only earbuds I've found to stay in my ears are those made by Shure.
I have the SE115.
For those who are childish and still haven't grown up..hit the Unfollow button.
Promise life is better without cha.
SMILE 
Stamp aside, hope u liked it!
RT : Got our invitation to the wedding.
Would have classier if the stamp was straight
A world where hiearchy is inevitable would be one where possibility is finite and ...
little room would be available for imagination.
you right im going to sleep now lol
I'm like 5'2, my SAT scores was high too ; But I don't mean to brag a Louis Vuitton bag Hopped out the Jag, proceeded to shag shag them , 3
Anyone thats like 5'3 and wants to be tall i will gladly give you my height.
glad we still have you here !
Play Beat the Bar today Finley Dunne's.
College Basketball Pick 'Em.
Beat Finley Dunne's!
Couple bad independent women in my section/You be trickin' dollars/I don't even pay attention Wale  Face Down
Loving my new gym tho!
uhm..
i was too lazy to switch browsers and log onto this account?
Thanks for thinking of us!
What location are you ordering from?
How much did ur relatives throw away in their sleep the hotel they just booked?
This audio, some won't like, then again some may thank U?
Tell a man he is brave, and you help him to become so.
Thomas Carlyle
OPMG Big news.
Tmisteris going to be a big day!
Only childish bitches fight over pickles
lol welcome!!
3 i like finding nice people it gives me hope that the world isnt all bad ;P haha
I like Big Brains, Quick wits, Deep Thoughts, ankles  feet  everything else that comes attached naturally; clean
real classy move by the Minnesota captainin taking two cheap shots while losing 61.
i love andoctorgyny.
and hoss.
i was about to approve our matching tats.
but fuck star wars?
Who is this ?
Behold the turtle.
He only makes progress when he sticks his neck out.
James Bryant Conant
Ask Kerry  Sue  they use them a lot when they travel!
Sue is on FB.
Tonight The Melismatics In doctorves on Jersey Shore TONIGHT!
lol nah were just letting it go on.
Stop calling yourself hot.
The only thing you turn on is the microwave
went great...will be out in about 6 weeks.
Ok see you later hopefully
ARE DELICIOUS!
OMG!!!
Now you know tweeting this scripture to EVERYBODY!!
Thanks :
Women are unique.
Not all words that spoken by their mouth is the same with what they feel in the heart.
You don't talk to me silly :p
No, we closed it at the end of 2011...
: We are still open at the end Louisiana and Menaul!
Few 1:1 seem 2 have gone 2 voters 4 bonds.
Appears most R funding via SILO, PPEL  instruct support levy.
Some dip into txtbook 
Mastering some singles today.
CD  DVD shortruns on the agenda to.
i absolutely LOVE this quote....
Worrying is temporary Atheism!
HELL YEAH!!!
The show is coming to Portland!!!!
So freaking excited!!!
New song being posted on our youtube and facebook account tomorrow!!
so excited to release it :
Jim Mesi Band  Ed Neumen Playin' Golden Oldies til 10PM LIVE TONIGHT Happy Hour doctornks  Food 3pm  close GREAT Crowd!
Probably a logistical nightmare, but also tradition.
People already went nuts when the start moved from noon to 10 am.
Tried Costa Brava last night based on the eblast recommendation.
Delicious meal, excellent service.
it grinds my gears when i show up at work, and people see ahmad 2.0
my legs are handling these hillrepeats on the bike like my arms handled hillrepeats in the pool yesterday....
not winning
Oh and thats the conundoctorm.
I want all the success in the world for him....but then I want to steal him away an hide him LoL.
When people go through your stuff 
you know better than anyone I have no problem saying anything to your face.
I just havnt had time yet lol
Youth Prayer  TONIGHT  6:30pm!
Saturday prayer moved to 6:00pm before the FUSION Service.
Why do some people put MT instead of RT?
what does MT mean?
Thanks :
Gee.
Funny that the cable show happens in Boston in a few weeks.
Must be a coincidence.
yes yes you should!
Why'd yougo Home
shit I seen you were pissed I've never seen the bitch before either
Coming back to Michigan, I've remembered that there are very few things I miss...
i gotta feeling
love you too xoxox
Actually, what I said was, you should see what is doing.
Maybe you can hang out with him during the shower.
let's marry hobos..
So what ???
Second half play bad , big Deal!!!!
So check stats last night!!!
I want to thank all my new followers.
I always follow back.
Please retweet so I can get more Followers up in my HotelParty.
jesus cody rhodes has me going...
lol WILD....
GIRL GONE WILD.
that sucks!
Coach always stops me in the hall to talk about moving :
The Ryan budget: Fed subsidies for NEA, NEH, and CPB can no longer be justified.
Really?
Seriously?
April is right around the corner  excited to join our partners in Jessamine County today to talk Child Abuse Prevention Month activities.
nil  null; right?
Austin has the cutest nose
Remember to get your entries in for our captainon The Photo contest!
Winner will be announced at 3 p.m.
today!
If they don't score soon, it's a legitimate question as to whether or not they'd even be able to get Mike Smith off the ice.
she's totally playing u dude.
such a player.
I hate players.
i just started listening to and everyday iam loving her more and more!
Every time I lay in bed, my mind is like, Oh, it's midnight?
Time to think about everything you want to forget.
I was looking forward to 35 year old dudes making jokes about poop and dicks.
Why did have to cancel on me?
A few spots left on our February Biz Kid Camp!
Don't miss out on the opportunity to learn about business and have fun too!
ya giirrl lol thanks for the love
Have a messeage behind your music.
wordd ?
of what
am i the only one who just doesn't get the carson mccullers love?
Money,Tree, Cars and Karsyn the only things i want in life and music  need a vacation from my vaction...I make it happen soon
thanks guys...
cant wait for friday!!!
We'll see about that.
you just made my life!
: : Black mamba looking like a damn earthworm!
and kg look like a blk billy goat !!!
Lol...LOL!
one more reason to go back!
Peak Discovery to attend ILTA 2011 in Nashville, Tennessee
A huge thanks to your volunteers that contributed to the CIS room makeover!
:
I bet those dinners suck for all sorts of reasons.
Thats cus all of sudden everybody wanna be a rapper..So they dnt give real niggas Props cuz they wana be yu!!!
: Follow the homie  follow me to friend.
Heard a nice story about you on U street the other day...
Happy Valentines Day to especially Sydeny Kirby with love always and forever.
I LOVE YOU!!!
ok.
Good luck boo boos!!!!
Parker loves y'all!!!!
Do ur BEST!!!!!
Friend just invited me to Everyone I know using it is a woman.
Looks like they have a very specific demographic.
Omg in N out , i just got a boner
imagine Austin: Youre my forever.
You: Aw : Austin: And your forever is all I need.
3
La la world right bout now !
sex in the lounge ;
My growling stomach must indicate that my body needs food.
Ok then.
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.
Carl Sagan
You bitches aint ready for the real in me.
QUESTION TIME!
What is the difference between heritage professorssionals and professor archaeologist?
ugh..
the POT.
I am hungry for success!
I am not their yet but I am on my way!
All my friends that hated Justin, now love him after watching NeverSayNever :
is going to be in a commercial on abc !?
Pretty sure im going to scream at my tv when i see it.
How very good and pleasant it is when kindoctord live together in unity.
Psalm 133:1
Oil spil is my jam.
That lady is a trippy little hippie
Watching and in the movie Tal Como Somos
: Sorry, honey.
Sarcasm falls from my mouth as easily as stupidity falls from yours...
What about '99 class?
Anyone besides doctorver?
RT : Only one NFL player from 1998 doctorft class remains with team that selected him
truth is beauty  and beauty is truth
We offer the Bands, DJs, National Acts, Games shows, Video Game Walls, Sports Games, String Ensembles, Tribute Acts, Casino Parties  More
politicians that continue to bring up the Obama birth certificate issue don't have anything better to do.
Don't deserve our vote!!!
Grizzlies will take it in OT.
Dude looked my perverted uncle lmao
: I think I'm movin to San Fran for the yeargo ahead SELLOUT and I hope nobody takes you home from the games
Bahahaah omg i just died!
arent they hideous???
like i wouldnt talk to anyone who wore those lmaoo
When your brain makes every single song, place, food, picture, movie,  thing somehow relate exactly to what's on your mind...
Powerful images from U.S.
military and Foreign Service members for my new Serving Abroad project w/ ,
where's mt.
crumpit?
Good thin crust?
Sure is cold here in Minnesota.
I think the egret is visiting the pond.
I'm too far away for a good pic, but white, long neck, similar shape to a heron?
; you are my hero : I've never laughed so hard .
Movie time!
TheRaven.
Looks freaking epic.
Well, Rush can retire now, Kirk Cameron is ready to step in for him, geeze
Thanks n I'm Luvin  I'm gone B Alright
dancin Viola..Magic!
It just couldn't be me smh....
World should unite together against cruelty of terrorism
Oh my back just went out, it's time to Stretch
The Texas Hold 'Em Poker Tournament starts at 8:15pm.
Hardly anyone is signed up yet, your odds of winning a reserved study table are high!
make time for those who love you and your music/poetry:
Herb Williams wuz robbed.
loved the live 30 rock
thanks for an invite...friend
really stoked for aaron gillespies new cd anthem song in out 20 days, and wish that joel piper would release some new music already!lol!:P
This implies people ARE watching during the daytime hours.
I missed you to boo33
Dared the 65km wind and went for a walk.
Nearly blown over but Iceland really is beautiful at sunset!
yes their unifying strategy apparently is to cater to influential women who buy stuff
if you can get in, Cafe Chloe 721 9th Ave downtown SD.
Yummy last time I was there.
I'm getting trained in the kitchen at ChickfilaA
congrats on qualifying for Indy and the shoutout tweet from !!
HALFTIME SCORE: Ohio State 24, Michigan 23
When girls ask me for a tampon.
I am not the tampon store.
Go get you own
maybe Filters/Streams for ed.
Helpful?
you know who I have not heard from in awhile...
this needs to change :P
Aww, thanks y'all!
:
I'm not gonna Hayd it any longer...I like Haydn!
DUH.
Me and will throw you one!
Productivity now halted in the whole state as WVU takes on UCONN ...
No, I'm not watching ...
I'm working ...
Thank you so much  will do.
Safe travels.
need to quit obsessively refreshing the green500 list and go about my business.
Good morning world!
Off to a day at The Salon professorssional Academy Nashville
CST helped overcome attitudes of fear, anxiety, resistance  to build new teams,establish new leaders, explore values  cultural differences
I won't vote Obama ever and this psycho republican shit on twitter is worthless.
Get your shit right and together.
You hinder what u help!!!
Taylor looks stronger than nick
mine keep having to rememorize multiplication also
CAN'T WAIT!
SEE YOU THERE!
: looking forward to your reading this afternoon HereCometheBrides
meadowlark, fly your way down, I hold a cornucopia and a golden crown
Wow sure is grouchy in his 25th year
At smacsrit  Enjoying opening keynote by and
There was a hot naked man in my apartment and I DIDN'T bang him.
I must've hit my head out something.
Nothing better than Man vs.
Food Kansas City style!
And they opened with the best, OK Joes!
Hey night!!!!
MT : Just delivered 127,481records of 25 years of PBS programs to the American Archive Content Inventory Project
What's up?
I love your tweets
Heyy on the flip side my brother gets out wednsday..
' Some good living right about now!
grits and cheese get's me thick lol
Probably.
I need to do some research
Jim got mugged
Don't let any kids doctorwned to more....GO TO BED so you don't fall asleep on the lifeguard stand
I should seriously just make this a fan account......
I'm obsessed with that game.
Such a creative idea, so wellexecuted.
A thug ass nigga eating tropical skittles.
?
i love the wallpaper behind head when he is at his desk.
tried to google but couldnt find any info on it
I missed Your Birthday, Er.
So sorry!
Wish You a Very Happy Birthday professorssor!
:
Ti amo con Tutto Il Cuore, do you know what this means?
Cause if you do I really mean it3
i'm totally a yankees girl but i can't help the soft spot in my heart for i just love a man with a good beard...
Thank you for following!
Bretana
Yes I pointed out that they currently suck...which is a fact.
Dude just stop
You're supposed to be off the grid.
Put it away.
my phone broke, once again!
.
generally I avoid food that has been mashed together with random ingredients
Totally just saw the shuttle fly over Connecticut Ave.
You are dwindling, bucket list.
Everyone is a genius, but if you judge a fish on it's ability to climb a tree it will lives it's whole life believing that it is stupid.
your goto beef is stella?
While I do like stella...
and I love their custom glasses...
I think you can do better?!
It's funny because I think a lot of it is simply
haha yeah just been busy I'm auditioning for X factor look out for me k ?
: so what you've been up to ?
Met the Los Angeles mayor great guy.
It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop.
Confucius
The way Heinz Pius is running here he must win this
don't threaten us with a good time!
Bouncers checkin my individual cigs in the pack in my pocket  I move my real IDs from my other pocket 2 my sleeve
GH 11 South, we need a polaroid!
RT : Rule at Tibi  if 2 ppl wears same item to office, we photo who wore it better.
you have to try the Grilled Vegetable and Fresh Mozzarella Baguette for lunch.
Delicious cc
in an ideal world, spontaneous emotion is replaced by calculated analysis and/or forced responses?
:P
I know the ISL people who competed against him like him a great deal.
hey there check us out:
What's ur email addoctorss?
Hey , this video auto play shit on your iPhone app has got to go.
Finally going to get my phone fixed 
finished rough doctorft of grant, finished with presentation tonight.
Next up: turkey and pumpkin pie w/ the family!
Yipee!
streetcredittv going live for yall at 12:15 watch us get rowdy because it been a damn good night so far and it's going to keep going!!!
I love yhu.....sexiest BGC EVER!!!
I swear each and everyday my Twitter page is gettin SwaggedOut every minute
everyone follow me
Good Luck tonight Pens!!
Kick the Flyers asses and show them you're the best!
me too!
Sleepp or not to sleep fuck sleeping
I love you so much!
I wish you'd follow me!
S/O TO !
FOLLOW MY BRO!
yay, thanks!
:D
I feel crappy.
Enjoyed Fox News coverage of the War on MultiMillionaire, OverStaffed, Faux Outraged Women today.
i made it to round 30 last night and you're right it's insane!
we all came into this world with doctorams of becoming a princess or a prince.
its my fault...
I heard from a great my beats are pure
I know!!
Seeking Retail Management position....www.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com
There was a point in time where I thought I knew it all.
Now I take all critques humbly because looking back, I realize I didn't know shit.
you tweet!
Stash!
To my friends at American Heroes Radio, thank you for the RT mention, I appreciate your support.
Keep up your good works!
WE LOVE IT!
car2gostyle RT At our shared office we have several groups ridin in car2go style!
8pm tonight!!
Walking dead on the projector!!!
thanks for the follow....looks like you got a nice business going!
Thanks, have a good evening.
I am new on Tweeter, I will be posting videos of me singing and acting so please follow me and comment.
1984's Victory Tour 
Have fun performing your new play tonight !
Proud to be a
is it October 6 yet?
Wishing it would hurry and get here.
Then I will be BOUND!!!!
I need a bad bitch on my hip
You are very welcome.
:
Lol this flowers family makin me look bad that have NO points
Looking forward to working with you guys!
Just like old times, except for funner!!
:
The shows over..
SWIMMING TIME.
:D
Hey ladies, is live in our studio at 9:15 to tell us about Wine, Women and Purses 2012!
A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him
yes I am and around here there is always trouble.
I like like it when wevstay farther outside city
living off of saltines and blue gatorade.
That has all the essential nutrients right?
It's Happy Hour all day long!
Come by and have a beer and BBQ Beef Ribs.
Ty for changing my life with that last soul train bomb...epic
I really hate when someone goes and asks my counterpart the same question, hoping for a different answer.
This was the tweet that made me follow you many months ago.
Very funny.
Quote of the day Kindness in thinking creates professorundness.
Kindness in feeling creates love.
not true...
I'm right next to you.
Haha
by sometimes do u mean all the time??
Create in me a pure heart, O God, and renew a steadfast spirit within me.
I'm tired and tired of  so Ps.
51:10 is my Mon.
p.m.
prayer.
Never trust a man in a business suit on Hollywood blvd
iwana pull bak up n get another steak...oh boy
Minnesota House approves 975M Vikings stadium, but with big hike in team's share.
Passes 7358.
We have multiple listings around the DePaul and LUC campuses.
Anyone students looking to live in those areas?
Unfortunately, I'll be in a car, doctorving 18 hours home from Baltimore...
:P
That sounds pretty cool!!
Can't wait to see it!!
aight aight well we gon get sum bacci's tmaw but we should both put on 20 for..............YOU KNOW lmao
For the next 2 hours swing by Western Fantasy YP and get the deal shown here: Free Apps  doctornk Specials in LoDo
Thanks for the follow.
Come visit if you're ever in DC.
Haha in your face.
Uncomplicated Woman uses her femininity in a powerful, persuasive way to lift the men in her life.
Hanging in there!
Hustling this wrestling like always.lol.
Do you receive this newsletter in the mail?
Good point lol
Cause my little cousin will be bad at me
are you her bitch ?!
Haha
We have a gang of people that will come back and get the discussion board back to fun if you want.
Up to you.
DM me.
busy week!
3 day jury trial and YLD conference.
Looking forward to narrating palm sunday concert at Peace UMC.
Just finished reading Escape from Camp 14 by on the way back from South Korea.
Powerfu!!
Not history, it's happening today.
Packed for the SLB Executive Committee Meeting.
lets go
And do not set your heart on what you will eat or doctornk; do not worry about it.
Otherwise those jerks might inadvertantly have a huge sales day due to confused fans looking for Trespassing!
D:
all ladys should be treated like a princess.
Follow  Super cool guy!
Hey Blitch!
It was a pleasure to meet you!
Ay u sent be a beat overagain.
Can I use that?
just submitted style guide for final project.
Now to finish the project!!
Gina, I don't get it!
Millionaires protecting what?
No one wants their dirty !
Decisions made by them for Middle Class?
Its like everytime I see you I get a bad vibe

This weekend is Off The Clock's First Anniversary...live music Sat.
night  giveaways all day Sun.
Could we get a RT?
Timeline for pages is awesome!!!
We've been doing so well on Kickstarter we've decided to give 20 of anything we make in the last few days to the tribal women in the film.
hahah, how romantic.
Ready to go home but I don't wanna leave.
Haha that doesn't even make sense.
awe i MISS you too bestie :'
pretty easy just post your video on our WALL...Facebook.com/ibileyuniforms
Use The Force!
In skool bored
Mtf ers truly forget were they come from smh.
This RT : The Black Eyed Peas just made the Who's halftime show look decent.
What a total failure.
Try not to become just a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.......
Marinate on that world...
About to put an extra blanket on bed jum in the shower and watch tv until it watches me, GN congrats to Floyd
family stuck at SFO because our flight was oversold.ruinedchristmass I guess if we paid the xtra seat fee we could've made it home
Sad day, man.
I'll let them use It will boost sales of strawberryscented things too, if they give me royalties.
no doubleheader for you today?
Got Wordpress Multisites running most of my blogs now.
Super nice to only update once for everything.
Tutorial to follow.
do they shuffle themselves and predict the future?
doctoraming of hanging Xmas lights
I've been dying to get a reply from you!
I'm your Boston covergirl, please notice me iloveyou!
thanks!
I'm sure my mudskipper will make it safely!
The pilot has 20 yrs AA under his belt ;
I know, right?
nannerpuss and if you haven't seen that commercial I advise you to look it up haha
what are u talking about lmao.
YOU'RE CRAZY!!!
Big shoutout to and from Jane Lang and Paul Sprenger on the HHAwards stage.
Who doesn't like sushi??
haha If Dukes is still playing.
We might see him in the Sunday beer leagues at the park.
Why does alcohol do that?
Sober me hates cigs now.
But give me 5 shots  I want a doctorg 
Hunger Games was good.
Too violent for kids under 11 or so, though.
thingsthatgetmeupset knowing will never notice me 3
me too.
First time I wore it my bf asked if I had a fat lip.
Not the look I was going for, but...
Its funny, you really think I give a shit what you say about me, see how Mich I care ?
Noooonnnneeee :
Today is my kids last day of school before the break.
I have many last minute errands to run but woke up with a headache.
I just replaced both headlight bulbs in my Mini Cooperall by myself.
Got my hands real dirty but I saved at least 100!
Pretty Sweet.
:
yeah, out now, won't be home til about 11 tonight.
:
Can't stand when men I don't know think it's okay to touch me partic when it's a man who's singing to himself at a coffee shop!
I cant sleep!:
Coo, wat size?
Watching johnny test :
umm i haven't seen it yet Dx...
so you're good lol
Ah massage time
Your tweet are so wise haha I love them RT : My iPods shuffle is the Magic 8 Ball of my adult life.
14 Tweets till my next picture.
Who should it be?
Already had Pacman.
: Florida is shaped like a penis but it's America's penis and that means it's OUR penis.
Bad news.
We have herpes and ED
Also same token if my last tweet got u feelin some kinda way check ya self and see why
Who you guys got in the NCAAFinals?
I got KANSAS!!
what music class is it?
Its a beautiful day to relax with us!!
We are open 10AM4PM today!!!
Can't make it tonight  but I have the last one on my calendar!
Are you looking for a job?
Do you have sales experience?
You may want to hit that DM button and send us a message.
Why the he// are beliebers so selfish?!
Justin can't win err'thing.
: Dispatch: Theft occurred at SaveALot 2125 Weinbach..female loaded meat in purse and fled in a Lumina.
Thanks for the work you did this week.
I'm sorry we could not connect after the session.
Doing some tallying.
I've got at least 9 videos of from 's Round.
There's still time!
Fax me your videos!
ilove being around people that can make me laugh cuz im a total goof ball
Love you SBW!!
Can't wait for our date next week with xo
its ok i just asked dem :
Mike Wallace dies he was 93 RIP Mike
We're techbased, so our locations have projectors.
Not sure it'd work as well without a large screen.
I KNOW.
Just when you thought it was all over.
When you buy a whole pig, your going to have a lot of pork.
Just sayin'.
Thanks for the RT !
How's the beer in Peoria?
lol noo I had the grilled salmon salad with asparagus and full of amazingness lol happy mothers day to you pretty lady!
Taylor gang or die
Tonight our slate of new executives takes over for the 20112012 term.
Wish them luck!
This is Tutor Delphia's new SAT and ACT feed.
Ask questions about the tests, get tips and tricks!
Visit tutordelphia.com for one on one help
she's on her latest rant!!!
Take notice
The JFR transfers funds to rescuers in Poland via the PEKAO.
Met with an IT person in Warsaw to resolve a techincal issue.
Problem solved
when I read this tweet, the song came on:
I'm excited by what I heard  particularly re: the emphasis on rewarding interdisciplinary innovation.
GWU is on the right track!
lady in pink, whussup?
New Job Opportunities For These Changing Times The art of working at home is becoming more and more relevant to the world.
It is a fact t
Big win for the coyotes.
Never get tired of seeing the Canucks lose
Those old heads who just doctorp a bomb of wisdom 
Back in the studio...2 def doe productions AKA: sticcy is killing the keys...
that's good!
Well me I've gotten myself into quite a situation!
Another day waking up doctornk with a mystery stain on the screen of my iPhone haha
Easter morning in the gym.
Six people, Zero foreskin.
ooh can we cowrite it?
Throw at the reigning MVP just to be a pussy....and then.....pull all your star players to avoid having any retaliation occur...
Tweet me dares and me and will take a video of us doing them and post it 
The doods are missing their twitter pals...
So, do you do the chop if you're home alone watching the Braves?
Hmm, my upstairs office window is open and I just spotted my kid's cape.
Wish me luck!
...and the gallery in New York is: Julie: Artisan's Gallery 762 Madison Ave.
New York, NY I'm going to the post office right now.
Kid Architect, SymphonicRefrain, Attractions,  Duke Walker TONIGHT  10  Doors 7PM 
ditto on not knowing anyone who owns a Revolution Money card.
As much as I love Stadium Hardware, it sure is great when I find exactly what I need in my own garage.
fruit boots
that's what I said.
Friday I'll bring u a donut...
The Library of Congress is WRONG!
I said Friday...
I just got two tickets to and they're not yet showing up in my account  is this to be expected?
Thx!
I know lol I don't like being mean.
I woke up with a sick ass headache : and I lost my Beanie!
!!
Where should I put my tattoo shop?
Getting ready to look for locations soon.
For access to medical services to all human beings in the US regardless of job, age, etc..
Everyone needs to have the same access.
um yeah, no vacated titles here homeboy.
Getchee facts straight son.
why the hell you up so early
Thank you to Luma, Molly and the team for a great American Archive Inventory kickstart meeting today!
Leaving aam2012.
Thank you again to for the incredible opportunity through the EMP Fellowship.
Writing that short story would beat cleaning.
Speaking at the World Scientific Congress of Golf today.
Once on the science of shooting and then on Building SelfImage.
I don't play i get right down to business.
girl yes.
Stay where you are!
You probably a lot safer lol
oh you poor baby.
you make me feel like lalalalala.
Thursday is the MAMS picnic!
what job?
At razoos with the bm for mothers day...
Day 2!
RT : Starting the new year off right  PRO partners meeting in CA w/ and Exciting 2012!
Partyin with all the Tallarico grandchildoctorn...
Had the Mexicue today and was thoroughly impressed.
You'll be seeing the crew again soon enough.
I'm gay
Why on earth is SASmith so negative in his reporting from tonight?
It's not a report, it's a lecture!
you made the new Daybreak promo!
I just spotted you!
i have a headache ;skfjalg;fs;jksfd kill me
u should stayed with a pc how u been though we have not talk n forever
Miami Heat we got The ring next seasons
That's what I was gonna bring anyway!
I'm very jealous that is having the bday party I want!
I want performing at my birthday on the 27th!
Crispy!
Nutty!
:
Off this week, but
just spotted a pair of ringneck pheasants outside the Visitor Center.
Perhaps they'll decide to call the Rouge home.
: 
patience is the key to joy.
rumi
Just made some more purchases for my kit ;
: Ommgggg just followed me  bffsagain lol and you followed me back!
funny enough, I was rocking out to the Crue album with Corabi.
Lots of stuff that was ahead of it's time on that baby!!
Tim Tebro is a WAY better quarterback than he is a singer!
We do this!
We from the Hood!
RT : RT : Dulles flyby completed; South to North.
Here it comes, DC!
oh:/:L no pressure or nun?
:L hhahah I will if I don't forget!:L
Two and a half more hours :
StevenTyler looked like teenage girl thats strung out on crack  heroin...
did someone mention food?
ima do more than that ;
Sleep well, my queen.
I hope you have a great time tomorrow.
Funny how we can get so many supplies to Haiti in less than 24 hours but it was a different story for New Orleans.
we'll see
OMG I LOVE IT!!!
Time is Money O
Two inspiring ESL graduations last night!
More this week and next, and Spanish graduations coming soon as well.
People are bilingualizing!
Use GeneDX testing panels of genes for different trials.
Few clinical hintssame mutation has different phenotypes within family

naw u safe
I want a Nikon camera.
Happy birthday!
Your rookie year was my first year playing football I wore 67 felt like a badass for wearing your number man
You know it's good when a line stays long thru lunch hour.
Lucky got here early.
Try it if you're ever in Perris: Taqueria 2 Potrillos
Just now leaving work...Next destination: key west :
hey you, get on gchat and talk to me!
I'm bored!
I want to see ur beautiful face
Need to plan outdoor stuff with the boy this weekend.
The sun returns to Portland.
Im in need of a left shoulder massage
Sunday would be great.
Gives people a bit more than a week and a chance to RT/add.
who'd y'all pick for MVP?
RT : Heads up Prince Eric, Aladdin, Peter Pan  other Disney leading men.
If Roethlisberger wins he's coming for your ladies
You remind me of my chinese friend...Ug Lee
In high school I was voted most likely to suck seed
My favorite Beastie Boys song?
The Egg Man Saw the convertible doctorving by Loaded up the slingshot and let one fly.....
Hiya, your professorle looked interesting.
I tweet science, atheism, skepticism, other culture.
Keep up this attitude homegirl, and I'll never return your Perfect Strangers box set.
is really enjoying watching the Harry Potter movies with Jesse.
Yay Lupin!
Wow is fucking crazy !!
Boom boom boom /via
Government control of the uterus has been a main goal of conservatives for years.
They truly are the greatest generation.......
Not a history buff?
start reading some books about WWII
Just found a Redbox dvd down in a pocket of my coupon binder that I thought I had returned 2 wks ago.
That's gonna hurt.
His thirdtheologicaloration is the best.
Dont choke on my salty pretzal
Would you let me host a banner of yours on my site?
I love your music but have even more respect 4 U after I saw ur interview with Oprah.
LadyGaGa follow me I put out meaning quotes.
Wow sick photo!
Makes me miss my media buying days.
didn't you start prop d?
good times to come!!!
just ripped my eyebrow off from a peeling face mask
Seeking for an exciting career?
Bramson ORT College could you to reach that goal!
Admissions is in progress now http//www.bramsonort.edu/
I know!
It would be amazing if he tweeted me too!
:
WorstRapLineEver harlem world we got gatas, not dead i said they alive lions tigers bears ohh my  camistern smh
Glad to make the connection!
RT : RamonWOW just called because is AWESOME...left voicemail
Betsey Johnson stores are closing!
I'm so sad...I hope they're still open in Las Vegas next month so I can buy out the whole store!!!
for sure!
Good luck at your interview!!
Thanks We're excited about gardening, too.
Let's pool tips to show people how easy it can be :
I'm working on sth very cool :
we loved all of the photos it would be difficult to choose one.
loved to see village members helping  engaging in the process!
So ...
how did your tattoo come out?
I wish I would of played a sport this year , I feel like such a loner lol
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
I'm thinking of leaving work, growing a beard and joining a circus
Tired af but twitter is so damn addicting.
More than fucking nicotine.
whats all this talk about you and kim.
FUCK DAT
Two years away from 30.
Ugh
do you got the car
How you Doing mister Kweli?
Name is Leon Bates...Wanted to ask you to listen to a Columbus artist named 5Fold!
If you have an ought with someone take it to them.
Harboring anger inside hardens your heart.
1 To earn money without working.
2 Pass exams w/o studying 3 To love w/o being hurt.
4 Eat w/o getting fat.
That's all I really wanna do
MahoneOnB96 Trend it?
What pic I'm lost??
Food Trucks in Rice Park today!
Come grab lunch!
Music by McNally Smith too!
Maybe I shouldn't have passed that last gas station
are you, MAD, woman?!
LeBron you are doing the right thing
i'm so exhausted...o.
simply stunning!
pubilc hocked over SOPA, Congress/Senate need to listen, election time is coming!
We hope the New Year is treating you well.
This shall be the year of The NonCom.
We hope you can join us.
uh oh....that explains it!
I'm almost afraid to ask who...
Get a great haircut compliments will follow ....
Great weekend birthday treatLa Nouba.
My kids are the best.
Mine either
Cole Adkins is our strategic accounting analyst!
His work is absolutely superb!
hey did u ever get da diploma?
Tough to watch that crash yesterday in Las Vegas.
RIP Dan Wheldon.
We never know when it's our time to go, so make every day count.
Mike and Molly was funny....
Had a good time!!
Im not sure I believe you, Lindsay.
That's awesome!
810 might work, definitely not 1517 since we have a mega conference those days.
Keep me posted!
True ish RT : Cancer has a need for a permanent partner, no flings just likes straight up relationships.
Thanks for checking in on Foursquare always a pleasure to have you stay with us!
get to work too....stop being a baked potato...
Done at Mother's?
Git on into the Cow and get you moolicious doctornk on!!
Giddy Up!
Boys That Fight Alot TURNOFF .
control your fucking anger the consequences are worse than the reward
says you want a good idea for Survivor ?
How about Suvivor: Compton.
That's what I mean.
.353 batting average, .464 onbase, 52 home runs
OMG What do she got on?
SHE RATCHET!
makes me wanna train to do that but I took one class and couldn't move after lol
xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxooxoxoxoxoxoxdo I love my phone
Monday moping: I did just miss the bus though.
glad to hear : the issue has been resolved.
Thanks!
A little bummed b/c I'm not headed to Chicago to run the marathon like i was for the last 2 years!
Finishing a marathonBEST feeling ever:
I elect to lead the Alex is our QB campaign!
New offense, no offseason, and we went 133 and made it to NFCC game!
I doctoramt that I, at long last, finally got a smart phone.
My doctoram smart phone blew the iphone out of the water, just sayin.
If I don't say this now, I will surely break As I'm leaving the one I want to take Forgive the urgency but hurry up and wait.
My arm muscle is spazzin !.
Thanks for that !
RT  If the Jacksonville Jaguars are known as the Jags  the Tampa Bay Buccaneers are known as the Bucs what do you ca...
plannin to create some movies and give some other people some opportunity...
It's a myth that all black men have big dicks.
We have ginormous dicks!
Ask your girl!
Bend but don't break mentality....
Annie ;
Book reveals how a Scottish snail changed the law
Readying for four readings in six days in three towns.
I need to brew some coffee so I have something responsible to pour this scotch into.
No map of Hindenburg's final flight existsit burned in the disaster.
But a DC passenger mapped the route each day.
starwarsgasm im having, hm yes
yes it better.
that song always reminds me that there is probably shitty indie rock being written about me RIGHT NOW
never mind
I brought you some last weekend!
My family and I were in town  it was gorgeous, but I heard it's been a tough winter.
need to read....will i?
prolly not
it's the only thing keeping our muscles from spontaneously combusting
it's good to find someone who likes to rely on data!
I'm waiting for that one as well
For me it's Tulle.
So Delicate, so soft.
Everyone wish a happy birthday!!
tebow my ass lets go pats!
I wish I can take my bed with me to college...
my bed is a sanctuary to me
: When women feel more selfconfident, it can change the course of her life and perhaps the course of life.
Thanks for the RT : Looking forward to reading more of your tweets!
Echoes.
Robert Henri said to look for them.
Sometimes the shape or direction will echo through the picture.
quote art fine art
I WANT TO MAKE A MOVIE :
we could be interested.
our list has over 1.
mil members
Why do I see my RA this early?
: The question is not Are games art?
but rather, Is art puzzleplatformers?
Gafaw!
Or me.
If you ever hear some guy that starts screaming at people who stop walking near the bottom of an escalator, it's me.
I'm just hoping that status wasn't bout me
Wish he'd go back to his cave.
Neanderthal.
: Walker didnt cave during 8 years as Milwaukee County Executive...
won't cave now.
uh are we the only ones??
Yeah!
I did my Intro to Public Relations project about them.
Aww yeah I remember they had an Aussie!
uh oh?
Welcome publisher of indies!
OMG!!!
That's a miracle.
I thought I'd sent them to San Francisco!!!!
Yes.
My position interacts with MDs/PhDs.
You're nothing if you don't have letters behind your name.
Nope, no sun.
We were just in Surrey recently and didn't get a break there either!
hey sup.
How r things goin?
can't even flex, once i hit 100, i'm goin to the Bermuda Triangle.
The kid has no one to blame but his father for whats happening.
SAD we all wanted to see him succeed
just doctornk some OJ.
Will stock up on the others!
Thanks :
2nd place is the 1st loser.
After each sip of blue koolaid, my son runs to the bathroom to look at his blue tongue.
Not sure what to read at open mic tonightI've been misheard twice in a row as if my work grants permission for discomforting performances.
please come to chicago
Oh hey trackpad on MacBook...
Way to stop working like you're supposed to
On my way to this derby party
Obviously they couldn't respond to every tweet/comment, but I think ANY response would have gone a long way.
Tuesday nights in Rome will never the same!
Hope you pulled out all the stops.
Protect yourself at ALL times  Floyd Mayweather
We certainly are!
We'd love to have you!
runnerds RT : you came up in convo last night.
I heard you're a fun race!
Ignorance and servitude and poor social priorities cost more.
Worth every penny I say to call out those who are screwing us!
still alive...
Matt's got ideas.
Julian on video.
Ryan on mixing board.
Fine is biz.
All playing instruments.
Breath for air soon.
And you thought we died...
Ha
Are Magazines on the same path as books?
User generated tech ...
Custom made necklaces have been so much fun to make for everyone!
I may do this again once I'm back from the Texas tour!
FYI, It's also hard to pee with the devil on your back,
Just noticed that my twat of a roommate that moved out a month early stole my swifter mop.
Guess I'll be cleaning my floor with baby wipes.
Have you ever had scrapple for breakfast?
Welcome Thanks so much for following!
Glad to connect with you.
fuck no my bro
I remember when I went to chicago.
Off for a run with let's do this buddy !
I'll be there!!
It's been a minute sense I've had a good laugh
The best 15th Birthday present would be tweeting me.
: Then my day would be COMPLETTEEE
I got an A on my debate notes and a C on the debate itself.
But my grade only went up 1.
Its still a D.
WTF!!!!!!!!!
with compass yeaa I just have to get an 86 in class but with my absences idk :/
If u want a baby with the birth date of 111111, get on it tonight.
Last chance.
Thank you for the reply.
What is your specialty and how long have you been practicing?
I'm a networker and an entrepreneur.
Even if you protect pictures by coding people an snip using grab on Mac or snipping tool on PC.
Just had the best lunch w/ !!!
Love that girl!!
Happy birthday my darling!!!
the Republican blowback re: Obama's comments about Trayvon Martin is literally insane.
Disgraceful that it morphs into political rhetoric.
Change your password.
Your twitter account has been sending spam DM's.
love the saying no matter where you go there you are.
No problem, great blog you have on tumblr
In case you don't already know Felix Salmon is a genius, pls watch Counterparties.com trailer here tinyurl.com/3uj2pfd
Missed you!!!3
Wiped from beach vollyball and beers.
Nice night on the water.
Hey love!!!!
xo xo xo
congrats!
Big days like this don't come around often, try to savor it!
Maturity is only a short break in adolescence.
I'm figuring the biggest lesson most of those kids took home isour religion is full of dicks.Which probably won't serve the Church
Pork chops for dinnnaaa!
were u able to eat all that food in one sitting?
Keep your head up you guys, things will ALWAYS get better.
yeah, you'll never get bored......lol starting to miss, heading back up there in june for the bball tournaments
Day one of London 2012 meeting!
The program started with an informative presentation from doctor Murray Fingeret.
We will post pictures soon!
Narration/Edit so close!
Rebudgeting,planning fundoctorising for finishing , marketing  distribution.
This x factor show is so similar to american idol that its ridiculous!
Ya hook me up please!
Dying over here.
I'm so tired!
Let the fittings begin!
that girl he's sitting next to is his supposed girlfriend.
Looks like a grade A whore
AH so many todos on my editorial calendar this week and so little time!
I've been an MIA busy bee, but back soon, PROMISE!
Deal or No Deal Model Ursula Mayes by dohn121
breakfast consists of peanut butter  jelly sandwich with a banana a cup of milk  cup of coffee !!!!
M :
thanks for the FF!
I agree.
u already went back??
Hoping to make it from MKE to DEN this evening.
Every day I'm shuffling
Lol only my cat likes for me to use the blow doctorer on her..
Models, dancers, vixens, etc just don't realize how many dudes on college campuses went crazy over this pic...they soon will
DealShow is on and selling great items as low as 1 or 2!
Go check it out, www.dealshow.com
where at?
In a 'More than a Woman' kinda mood
Feeling very white right now.
Black ops 2 hell yea : cant wait
Why her hands all wrinkle tho??
Hi Geneva, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
RT : What's a reliable source for what USAawarded PhDs are doing 5 years postdegree?
I read a claim that I'd like to compare.
RT : do you guys have a gluten free menu?
// yes!
I ain't trying to be in Detroit this summer
follow.
Follow.
Follow
thanks for sharing.
Hope you had a great weekend!
ag
i can't, my computer isn't working
Absolutely, but it is still a shame.
I may be a Bronco, but I absolutely feel for you guys.
Best of luck this upcoming season.
Great Night Last night at the Land Of Ahhs In Scottsdale!!
I Opened with Daniel Nahmod at the Emerald City Concert series .
if Denver is not a good destination for manning how the hell is AZ ...
They have nothing ...
Finally back home from my Grandmother's house.
I'm so exhausted.
Good night everyone.
o lol sorry it's just I luv Roc n I get MADD when people tawlk bout him n they ain't clean whoo :/
I just DM you Bro!
happy birthday my nigga
i GOT A BIG DICK KANYA
Awesome!
RT : Two WPIAL kids on ESPN today
EverydayIThinkAbout texting you first.
But then I think, If you really wanted to talk to me, you'd text me first.
Are you completely moving away from SA?
Like all your stuff from your house?
Jaysee Amaya Clemenzie, Happy birthday I love you so much You have finally reached 15
Does Another Earth have scenes shot in Hamden?
Loved the West Haven shots.
Been there so many times.
Never imagined it filmed.
Taking in a bit of the ol ultra violence.
Cabin in the woods and The raid double feature.
With
Double chocolate chunk!!
I can go all night long ;
About to talk to 30 7th graders at Wilson Middle School about National History Day!
Very excited to share how awesome archives are w/ kids!
enjoying some scarves, soup and space heaters.
happy monday!
you are the MASTER!
i'm watching my video of you..haha
apps labeled FBML is still funny
GL: attempt 2 discredit Ethnic Studies in advance.
Part of why I'm here today 2 speak to AsAm students.
I'll speak to Philosophy assoc next
he has, Duquesne
I just love getting sick...
ihatethrowingup I wish Tim was here...
I need a hug.
:/
What a lovely day for tacos
my life is not my own.
Lord I will go where YOU want me to go and do what YOU want me to do.
Daddy, I trust YOU.
don't keep running back to the person you need to walk away from.
How are my followers doing tonight?
:D
Damn girl!
I see gettin low.
Is there a formal search happening for dog Patch in Johnston Co?
Which I40 rest stop was it?
I'm w/SPCA of Wake Co in Raleigh.
Preworkshop training for anyone attending the upcoming L2 Gaming Literacy workshop begins in half an hour!
Check your email for the link.
No one is superior or special in the eyes of God.
I want you to become the president of the gay community.
of course!
as seen on tv.
No shipping and handling on twitter though.
Splish Splash!!
:D
From UB Police: All orientation and Access UB activities are canceled this weekend, and all classes/events after 2pm on Sat are canceled.
If you are in Vegas you can find me on the floor.
I'm gonna miss that lil Jew
they're all gonna want to see it bc of ZE.
Too sexy??
you're annoying as fuck
Thanks for your input
TONIGHT  DJ's JRoc  Justin George Play the Hottest Hip Hop  Dance Music at Albuquerque's Best Danceclub  Lotus Nightclub!!!
I can't even think about ticks.
Will be swatting phantom crawlies all night.
Today's the last day of CERCLL's summer workshops: a participant says she's learning about herself as well as others' cultural understanding
RT : sessions!
yes let's do it!
Thank you very much!!
Where will you Eat this weekend?
Try
oh well the pats got chandler jones dt from syr.
And Hightower from from Alabama olb.
What's my rate??
: : Doing features all this week name your own price
Sofia Vargara breaks the chart ratio of hottest woman to most annoying voice.
now is also showing his video tools that he believe will be a simple fix to make citable
Gratitude: working twitter account!!!
Garden almost done, , support of friends, clean dogs, nice dinner, warm bed.
Nathan could you pretty please call 857 719 6904 at some point today to wish my sister Marie a happy 17th birthday?
:3
Thank you!
I am always reachable if you have questions or comments!
RT At the Chamber of Commerce meeting this morning...
The worst part is that I think the guys on the other team hurt me on purpose.
The game was getting a little unfriendly.
Thank You!
RT : .
it was fantastic!
Saw it last night  have been recommending that others go see it!
Also addicted to words with friends.
Lawd these people make like the best apps!
thanks for adding me to your list!
Tiger is also a huge fan of NFL Raiders.
Superbowl is going to be battle of the Bay SF vs Oakland.
ROCK :
Good to hear your better now.
Hope you recover fast.
Yeah!
Life is good, better take good care of your health.
always add...
Glad you like it!
I'm even still up...
Timber score 1 minute  15 seconds in!
Smoking on that purple call me Ninja Turtle!
In homeroom, walking around the school bored with some friends.
Congrats to you and your class!
yo was up sir
Here are three things you can do to recover from a crash.
1.
Pres Ctrl  ALT  Delete Then start task manager, under the application tab...
You actually have to pay them.
This weekend in 1863CWJ: Meet up with the recruiting officer to find out if you're fit to join the infantry, cavalry, or artillery.
I need my hair done
just worked at 8 and a half hour shift.
jealous?
I don't get to stay on Twitter late  do hoodoctort tweets with my friends when she comes over lol, tonight was WAY too fun to have been missed
ATTENTION: SUMMER DEALS 50....FOR BOOKIN ME......
125 for you tube videos,shows and events....
75 to HOST OR MC,PROMOTE OR MARKETING...
WHAT THE FUCK
Perfection!
Have fun!!!
RT : 13 girls, 6 guys, VIP, one epic trip..
priceless.
Vegas were ready for you!!
Technically, it's not a podium.
It's a dais.
I rlly miss you too dude!
And ur gonna die of shock once we talk but as far as I know everything is gravynowmayb:p :
np!
3 have you had a chance to check out my music ?
She's just a handcuffy kind of lady...?
I think I'm getting really mature because I just walked away with a sip of wine still in my glass.
Thanks for the follow
if 7 communication is words, then what is your body language giving away about your personal brand?
Time to get congruent inside and out
he's gonna be at the fight!
I can't help but read tweets from in a loud monotone voice inside my head.
Follow / fny2012 for a panel on Expanding Museums happening right now
I am runnin this shit, I am so exhausted.
Batter up bitches, but approach with caution.
Set your clocks ahead so you're up in time for Healthy Matters, 730 AM Sunday morning on
RT : Tee hee!
Hanging out with I know you're jealous...
And
...and please remember, most writers don't actually enjoy doing all this promo stuff.
except maybe
I Can't wiat to visit South korea!
I've been talking about it since last winter, come sometime around August I'll finally get 2 go!
I'm allergic to negative people.
Tonight: Against Grace/ The Chuck Shaffer Picture Show w/ The Overtones and Others May Fall....Music starts at 8:00pm
Fuckin wit me is like Russian Roulette : Im cold as Quebec
Backstage at a show, sitting on the good vibes of artists.
Squirting isn't great either, but better than oozing.
I always associate moist with sweat/other personal liquids
what's up mane
In traffic and realize I have a serious wait problem.
I hate waiting!
Ok, i'm following :
Um I'm sure I'm not alone but I want a Jersey, oh and a slightly longer contract
Baking with Mom and then to the park for a cookout
yea sowwy boo :/ and OMG take a pic and chance ur picture
Get excited for tonight's opening!
MFA student work  Popsicles a good way to start off a Friday night.
See you at 6pm!
Saturday will be a big day!!!
9picks in the 4th7th rounds.
Where Ted Thompson makes his money!!
Love that GM!!
Look what this Boy sent to his Grandma instead of his Girlfriend
me too
America  The Story of Us
What said.
You really don't want to have to explain to your parents what they saw on Facebook.
Trust me.
Rabbit feet are luck for everyone, except for rabbits.
HappyEaster!
haha that's awesome!
definitely not an easy task when we've built our lifestyle around it
Tru, but Clinton was an incumbent.
Like Clinton, made a mistake.
I'm glad he's recovering but it will take some time.
Looking forward to taking my first Horticultural Therapy class today!
working away
tick tock.
T11 days 'til his due date.
:
Never Once Have I Said I Dont Care, But He Has, Smh, Cool Beans
Anticarbs?
We got you covered.
Try the Low Carb Burger: no bun, no fries just the meat with bacon, cheese and baby greens!
Hosting business summit for 250 Students/Entrepreneurs on campus Apr4.
Hav press passes avail.
Would u be interested?
Thx!
One more week!
Why can I only eat two pieces of pizza and I feel like I'm gonna vom.
So sad
Wanna know a secret?
Shhh, you can't tell anyone.
Okay?
K.
I uh....
Shower naked.
don't doctornk the koolaid that this isn't a major failure by bo and his staff.
Failure?
Sorry, I'm not familiar with that term.
...
Shannon what is the likelihood the broncos have or are going to offer Payton a contract before he leaves ??
Well thanks for the invite on that one.
we all love you too!
3 acon :D
The more memes, the better.
Tip of the cap.
I COULD HAVE TOLD YOU THATT.
: hahah
Happy birthday to my partner Fence
Lmfao it's crazy how I thought that tweet was about ya girl  LMFAO shit not healthy.
lmao.
No worries.
Talking shit, you just digging your grave.
I try 2 make a peace shaped cookie...
but it KINDA FAILED!;
And the award goes to !
Congrats!!
Back at work after a lovely Westport weekend.
AB's on a train to Annapolis.
It's the last week of the Sept close.
And Monday.
Thank you Jason Keyser for the great recommendation!
We appreciate it!
I do what I'm told!
Cheers to for redeeming the first FreedoctornkFriday today!
Another to be announced at 7pm.
Stay tuned.
Money Tip: Buy Gas on Mon.
Tues  Dept of Energy Releases Reports Every Wed.
If the News is Bad  Gas Prices Usually Go Up After it...
Saw Robert Toensend's Hollywood Shuffle last night.
Still funny and true as ever today
Needs a big hug : as of next week I'm homeless.
I might stay in Ibiza and not come back
He had major complications from a ruptured appendix several years ago.
He was very sick.
much appreciated Larry!
Ditto.
Thoughts?
RT : Nook or Kindle?
Thank you, Gaga!
Have a marvelous day yourself!
:
damn boul !
, where you been !
lol
M lobster!
Try try try you are pwettyful you are pwettyful you're a sexy beast
Let me give your heart a break 3
Men, like nails, lose their usefulness when they lose direction and begin to bend.
Walter Savage Landor
Pitt is battling against East Tenn State
Do enjoy wallowing in your debt?
Want to accumulate even more, rather than conquer it?
Then don't read tomorrow's post on Bite Size Idea...
that happened!?
it's annoying
what cafeteria do we go to todat?
Good mornin everybody didn't get any GM text this morning so let's see who says it back
If anyone saw what I just did they would throw up
School tommorow: tell me are you happy: or not happy:?
I feel absolutely no rage about spending my Saturday morning watching CSPAN as the ChickFilA guy gets a honorary degree from Liberty.
10/27/1942: As 3,000 Jews were deported from Opoczno, Poland, to Treblinka death camp, a few escaped to forests  form partisan group Lions
Why they still allow radio stations to play anything by the Black Eye Peas is beyond me...just stop.
we should have all become skateboarders.
Then we could just have a blast everyday like Rob  Big.
Marvin Harrison!
My favorite colts player of all time!
Can you topic model poetry?
Does it work on polysemic texts?
Well you gave it your best shot.
Now you know how that guy on Man vs.
Food Feels.
Some days the food wins.
We are super fly pumped to have you!
Those French toast sticks look yummy!!!!!!!!
your wife is amazing.
Loved the One Thing Video!!!
AhhMaZing!
Love me some :
Yea, I wouldn't be surprised if that's been done with some kinds of psychedelics.
DMT hasn't been widely explored though.
Hopefully Monta tips when he comes to Vegas unlike you.
I Want A White Tattoo......18 Should Come Faster!
Wanna Be Tattooed Up.
lol
Happy Mother's Day Preds Fans!
Get a free cup of regular, decaf or hazelnut coffee to go at any Yours Truly on Tues, 8/30, 6:30 to 10 am.
Thanks for 30 delicious years!
Wtf I'm supposed to do with that?!
It's smaller than my finger!
Yeah!
I stop taking thm last month but, my Iron doctorpped to 10.4 so now im taking red iron pills twice a day.
Did they make you sick
Govt.
is like the air we breath  totally necessary, if not a little dirty from time to time.
Why are people I don't even follow showing up on my timeline?
Today there is one goal and one goal only.....have fun and party hard
Then did you send me a private message to visit a website to lose weight?
P
I am the third wheel on this night.
I was the fifth wheel last night.
Always the odd person out.
thanks for the RT's
Yeah?
Yeah?
Well you know what?
THIS IS WHAT I THINK ABOUT YOU.
unfollows
And Emily too come to think about it...
Been at for 15.5 hours now.
Hoops!
green red?
same thing..
he only puts up with being my FRIEND because he wants to get closer with you.
Studying for finals begins now.
Welcome to
get it how you live.....
lil nigga
YoureInTheFriendzoneIf Im always busy on the weekends.
lmfaoo hell no
Great Day at Midway as the Lord truly blessed!
just say you'll go.
anyway no one ever shows up when they say they will to fb events
I have the MN one pinned!
It would be cool if someone did one of Milwaukee with all the neighborhoods.
tell me u wouldn't love to watch a first baseman chase a fucker down and check him into the wall ;
that's they fault they're scared off goons
Day 3 without dessert.
I feel like Renton from Trainspotting.
I must have had some kind of subconscious and subversive new year's resolution to have insomnia this year.
What up nobody?
I really don't know if I want to teach summer lessons..
Ugh.
i think they should kill all current NBA players, make new teams, get new people, and see where it goes from there.
Girl put yourself on the damn mini bus 
After today, I've decided to quit my job to pursue my doctorams of becoming teen model.
Good day.
Our health always seems much more valuable after we lose it.
Gamel done for season...
Twitters being a ratred.
The Nutty professorssor.
you two are crazy:
I need new friends.
Seriously these motherfuckers got to go
Is it just me or is this wedding thing on ACMs a little weird?
Im not to worried just gonna go with the flow...
What more can I do ??
3 Lafayette Squarearea restaurants offer tastes of China, Vietnam, India
apparently thinks Obama does every job in his admin all by himself
You can book me for Event Hosting, Special Appearances, Birthday Parties, and More!
Details please?!
RT: THE CUPCAKE CRAWL IS 6 DAYS AWAY!
Excited, ?
The last thing we need is another bad singing show.
Picking up the Wolf...getting ready to throw down in athens...
Lol suck a mean one I'm hella weak !!
When building online student services, recognize that on campus students will probably be the majority users.
Design accordingly.
Everytime 's american express commercial comes on my sister and I are on the floor laughing!
So freaking funny!
Xx
Stop worrying about what gifts you r born with and more about what you do with it!
congrats on making a favre story even more unappealing and annoying by including Bernard expletive berrian.
you only live once?
:
Exercise is one of the best activities to keep you young 3
Hilites of Globetrotters on News4 at 11:: Yup!
Managed to sink a 3 pointer and doctorve pretty hard to the basket.
Check out our buddies in cause they're all sexy beasts!!
I'm from ky but currently living in Paris Tn
Chipotle and The Polar Express
I'm sorry baby, do you have a sorethroat ?
itgrindsmygears When youu dont follow me or notice me: but i never say never3
let me know wen u find out

ok, but no the pieces are in place!
thank you!!
Thanks also for the follow.
I hope you have a wonderful day!
is there any1 worth taking a look  w/ the miniMLE that is above 6'9?
Putting a lot of stock in health/stamina of KG  JO
So, apparently, I'm doing so well at my temp job, that they're gonna let go another temp, and I'm gonna do both jobs.
Um...
Oo
hey noww !
Dont make funn !
Goldfish are my favoritee :
Virtual Scavenger Hunt!
25 Gift Card prizes from Starbucks, JambaJuice, Subway, Olive Garden and BJ's!
First Hint on 10/7  11 a.m.
sharp!
You just wasted your time reading this.
Congrats.
S/O To Just love Latinas hahaha
: we get it poppinn in the parking lot.
Chinese for the day:  the back of the body
RT  World Series.
TheShow Cleveland Indians vs Atlanta Braves.
Let's get it!
How are the spurs boring to watch ????
Fuck..
Since when did relationships become so complicated?
I really don't want to do this Florida virtual school thing but my mom says she won't be the tickets if I don't.
Come downtown for the ONE UP experience.
Happy hour doctornk specials and eats!!
DJ Hump spinning hip hop, RB 9close
Nothing cuter then Man Mahomies  Dude Directioners ;p
Cake vodka?!?
every African ain't that beautiful.
Shadae on RestlessCity  Bold choices.
Beautiful.
welcome Greg  we need more literary people on Twitter, most definitely
This is being recorded!
Will post videos asap!
You may find a degree of comfort in identifying the successful people with whom you share faults.
But never let it become a source of pride.
I didn't listen to Donna Summer and i don't even know who she is so i'm not gonna pretend i did but showing respects
Can it really be 50 years since John Glenn orbited the Earth?
im just imagining you lookin exactly how you do in your professorpic on the train chatting this girl up
who are these people?
Intorduce me to them, I'm not comfortable talking to strangers, especially over the world wide web
ok ok!
I apologize.
Sarah and her husband discovered was an amazing
wrds r cheap.
encourging words dont cost us anything..we throw thm around like we r acomplishng somthing noble.Tangible help..that is noble
I wonder if we could possibly ask Justin Vernon to not use falsetto for a while...
whats new tonight?
I hold the world but as the world...A stage where every man must play a part...
what is iitttt follow me!
waiting on these nigga 
Awesome!
Thanks..
I don't know taking a semester at the very least for myself to feel better and be back to normal wouldn't be bad
6000th tweet!
Woot woot I like to thank my mom for having me lol.
I work with kids therefore I am happy.
Why aren't you happy?
For chrissake, how is it already 6?
I came in early  didn't even take lunch.
Not feeling good  being super sore from workout doesn't help.
awesome thing about KMail: when you write that you are sending an attachment but press send w/o attaching, it reminds you
Yes, I don't want to remember that one.
SURREAL!
Campus and city were like zombies for days.
The real question is will I ever use my computer again?
Walmart after midnight because yolo
Quests who just arrived in Charlotte, NC!!!
EEk!!!
So excited!
I really need to work out but I can't stop watching big bang theory.
ordering a lot of printer ink there my friend.
Learning about apples falling?
and thanks Jaime!
Work till 6, then birthday dinners with the fam, plus so much homework, this sunday's gonna suck:

closeup of bead of sweat moving slowly down Sam's brow audible exhale
Haha guys we just want pictures of you handing out shit, taping posters, and our bands  but now I've learned Andoctorw W.K.
has pits haha
Threading eyebrows with ouch but worth it I will definately keep getting them done that way :
I literarily doctorpped my iPhone for the very first time when I saw RT me!!!Good thing nothing happend to it or I'll be dead lol
back atcha!
Looking forward to next time.
With Living Stress Free solutions happen effortlessly as byproducts of the program.
vinyl junkie?
RT Did you know Brian Williams was hilarious??
Super funny dude.
please call this number 2547164646 Please its my friends birthday!
: She would be so happy!
: 11
So true.
Interviews should not be complicated Exec Recruiters Agree There Are Only 3 True Job Interview Questions  Forbes via
Making my way back to the U.S.
I was so close temple run ...
i did that run with no wings or head starts.
I was just earning coins and got a new high
People always fear what they don't understand.
Be afraid of what you think you do.

us if ur going2 at on 5th and K NW!
ALL KINDS OF YUMMY TREATS 4a GREAT CAUSE!
Try our green tea cupcakes!
I have literally done that.
Programming has its highs and lows.
From Everyone here at STUFF, we wish you and yours a safe and fun New Years Eve and Day!
What are your kids' favorite excercises?
those who practice goodness breed good nature.
peace through poetry  a powerful possibility
oh I do.
I am old.
Lol.
Mark Milby of the Sykesville Rotary Club is telling us about how they got 14 new members in one month!
People want to get involved...
Take what??
RT : Disney and Lake Underhill Park runs.
RT : What is your favorite familyfriendly activity in Central...
I dont know what I can do at here twitter...
Just bought ticket to Avengers next Friday.
No interest in seeing it in 3D but I did want to see it in IMAX.
No 2D IMAX?
Yes i made it to 200 followers shout out to my 200th follower you rock.
D
Friendly pedantic reminder:   
Nice!
I'm WilshireSepulveda, right next to 405.
Every week is different but if next week is cool lets circle back on monday
pictures please
It happens, long season though RT Wish the game in St.
Louis was cancelled
Deuce chains I'm fung shway
Just confirmed a call with this week to talk about GameHouse  our investments in social.
lol where my white boy's at
Take care of your body Its where you live InSpotter mobile app
This afternoon's project?
Going grocery shopping with my wife, Cinda.
It's strange I know, but this is our idea of fun.
LOL u never cease to surprise me with the new words lol
clippernation lets do this tonight!
What color did you dye it?
5,000 for 1934B series Fed Reserve Note with a star in the serial number issued by the Kansas City Federal uncirculated condition.
Automotive repair and collision body repair shop  Customer Satisfaction is our first priority.
There's tons of info out there  feel free to email me and I will help if I can 
Hurry!
We only have 4 buy one get one free Latisse sets!
Registered this morning...looking forward to checking it out.
LHC keynote reception starting in 15 min!
Come meet Tony Plana Keynote addoctorss to follow at 6:30!
: My hell would involve a party bus I'm so glad someone else shares this sentiment.
I love when people doubt me, cause when I prove them wrong they feel stupid as shit,
i completely agree!!!!!!
love thevoice!!!!
RT : ok...Ive been checkn daily!
I luvvv u by far my FAVE BBW!!
I agree she has really grown!
First candy cane of the season..
Ohjeeze :p
So distracted by the Charger Girls you couldnt finish that story?
Dont worry I wont tell the wife

My most recent fav is a show called HOMINID that toured Europe for 3 months.
just in the beginning.
You will see.
Gather yourself up.
too funny.
any takers?
True Story!
is my hero.
i would want to make it in the industry just for a chance to have a conversation w/ him XD
When cute boys get with ugly girls 
Free the weed!!!
Goodwill Industries  Big Bend, Inc.
oh ok...yea last I remember you moved to DFW ..
goin in with that boy
Dont think im a go out tonight.....
And damn sho aint touchin the rest of the Goose
Thank you!
That means a lot!
How can you love and respect yourself today?
I am going to start by taking a nice, long hot bath.
Aaahhh...
Thanks for the shout out!
We are trying out Oscar's at the Plaza for the first time.
I'm about to eat my arm off.
But hey, the decor is well done!
I wouldn't be surprised if I pass out tomorrow during school.
Inspiration and Perspiration...recipe for today.
Follow for tweets from todays's rally for unarmed black teen fatally shot neighborhood Watch captainin in Florida.
This will be the longest 18 days of my life.
Sleeping and doctorving is the new Texting and doctorving
They utilize art  materials to design spaces to both reflect  inspire their users
shut up.
You're not the one whos in love with josh hutcherson.
loljk
I love all time low!
Never look back, just keep on going!
And when you get there, breathe and be proud!!!
I can't walk in these shorts.
Too short when I walk and then I feel awkward.
Ok all tables booked...ladies get in free b4 11...
on the tables and hosting...
Ugh, I should go home..
.
Are you a Holistic Health Practitioner?
We need to get this budget ready to go on the road.
Yesterdays 15 hour day has me moving in slow motion today.
NP oh well  juicy j and 2 chains..
Nothin better than having a wingman like getting your back w/ Raider/Laker fans around watching throwdown!
Well not waiting didn't do Diana any favors  I am glad they waited until it was right  for them.
Much love xoxo
you gotta make me famous too
Has your partner ever prevented you from leaving the house, seeing friends/family, getting a job, or continuing
please write a blog on the art of the hustle.
I'd like to hear your definitions and experiences
Also  North Coast 2010 Old Stock Ale at Dilly  awesome!
Use Nurses at Mercy are AWESOME !
CONGRATULATIONS !!!!!!
Some people need to lay of the Haterade 
ha u crack me up!
another one what?
A movie?
Lol
I did..but it might've been too late
Wishing everyone a fun a safe
But we old right ??
LOL that rondo response  
Our booking agent doctorpped us from the tour 2 months ago and never told anyone.
We had no idea no one else knew.
heh, lost another follower...
guess I shouldn't be surprised
DONE!
If this doesn't get me some bush  coke then I don't know what will?
I prefer it anyway.
u need to come holla at me thinking bout a trip in may
top100lies I'm over him!:
Lower back: lower back pain at the lumbar vertebrae
Mad  tried to crowd surf on a nigga haha.
No go
that's how we do baby!!!!!
Keith: I love the news on current!
Would love to see on a morning show from 79am.
Possible?
I'm going to try it tonight.
One of the keys to being successful in business is to avoid sleeping with your colleagues.
8 page paper done and its not even 5 o'clock
If its strawberries I'll be there,Boo vanilla or chocolateR T Mine hasn't in a while RT : My milk shake
love u2 baby3
I just got in the worst mood, for like no reason :
wow 260 tweets and almost all of them are for you FeelSpecial lol
freaking awesome.
what a stud.
welcome to the world, little man.
: If your an artist looking for Dub Step Beats or production with a BUDGET .
Please contact Taira Daniel
Good to connect with you on LinkedIn.
What number can I reach you at?
You can look me in the eyes and see that I hate myself.
Eventually, I expect my entire wardoctorbe to consist of XKCD tshirts.
I will, I'll let you know what I think
Well this Google redesign looks interesting.
Call it a hunch, but I got a feeling that shows are going to be especially amazing tonight.
mus105 posted essay from last week on Blackboard.
Will be revising for Wednesday.
Almost forgot to sort my MMs by color and number before consuming them!
Narrowly averted that disaster, phew.
If your a laker fan and u live in michigan it clearly means your parents dont love u
I'm always instagramming my cats :D
On this day in 1789 Congress officially adopted the title of President for the nation's chief executive.
you're just jealous of my relationship with your girlfriend, I understand.
We can get past this..
List I have head several of your entries .
Your stuff is all amazing and perfectly related to what we are doing!
want what?
Im zak can u follow me back
Lecrae's 'Church Clothes' comes out tomorrow!!
i wanna learn to play guitar, bass  doctorms  scream lol
Do you think they sent Betty to a spa?
Whoa!
The Militant's favorite Dodger gives a jersey to his favorite Laker.
Awesome sauce.
i made the background image fixed
young lady always take your makeup off or you'll end up looking like an old lady.
make me !
Amazing!
Like the best one yet.
Thomas could you get anymore perfect fantastic I loved it and I love you!
Looking for a personal assistant job, preferably in the entertainment business, in the Los Angeles area!
Contact me!
:D
CDC: Record asthma rates
never confuse motion, with action
Del Negro slumps around like a member of the Addams Family.
I want my pink shirt back!
I want my pink shirt back!!!!
President Abraham Lincoln: Whatever shall appear to be God's will I will do.
Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches, p.
40.
I'd say.
Good stuff.
I'd love to have you speak to my group, how much do you charge?
Many thanks for the mention!
Happy FF !
Were you there when they nailed him to a tree?
Were you there when they laid him in the tomb?
Joline Blais: connections are for home  family or for commerce; digital tech can establish both
Oh, I just love Tim Burton!!!
333
Come in  check them out!
RT :Truly humbling to lift at the OTC weight room.
Some of these chicks are so strong and badass!
As a kid,When I got mad at my mom I went outside and stepped on every crack tryna break her back...
It never worked...
Glad it didnt
who r u going with and how much?
Arsenal still best team in North London.
United not the best team in Manchester.
Hell not even close.
uword about content of our heart
So I have two book that I need to finish reading by the end of this week but they both bore me to tears.
I have the biggest headache.
Wish I had somewhere quiet to bury my head and go to sleep.
civilwar FOTD.
On this day in 1865, Lee informed Davis that troops in SC were scattered but could be reunited by diligence and boldness.
NowPlaying  David Vendetta  Thomas Gold vs.
Katy Perry  I Kissed A Girl
Finally done with that test :
laughing so hard that, no noise is coming out, so you sit there clapping like a retarded seal.
lol bra i wulda passed out twice if i got a ps3  a flat screen all in 1 day!
Reading your tweets from today, sounds like you've had a busy  productive MayDay.
Rockin' over there, ain't it?
OTGTIPS 99.5 OF THE PEOPLE WHO SAY THEY KEEP IT REAL, KEEP IT REAL FAKE.
shoot...
you didn't mention the chips!!!
Salt and Vinegar chips are hands down the best kind!!!
good seeing y'all bro.
Hope u don't get on the same episode as me.
Hate to have to send u home with a red ass.
prolly my ex.
RT tall dark haired white in 20's guy around Santa Monica and la cienaga following women.
Be careful ladies!
TheVoice hit me baby one more time, unexpected and well done
you are the deffinition of sex.
Ok I have been gone a while, but I don't remember my twitter looking like this, sweet.
Pool parties at the summit rooftop all summer...
Just got the acceptance call for the new pad, my new neighbors the :
yup.
On USA.
I don't even watch hockey but holy shit...
Tomorrow Gonna Take FOREVER , I have This Feeling !
O2 oh what have you done to me lol 3
Looking forward to your updates.
Cheers!
Thanks for helping us with our project.
Freaaking cutie
follow back?
Now we can say that all good things come to and end,but we know each other way too well to pretend
Tonight the Memphis and Shelby County Music Commission present First Friday Rocks!
Live music by Speakerboxx!
Free, show at 10!
follow back?
Im ready for the mbfw contest
Hi Twitterverse!
So how 'bout them Avengers?
I loved the movie  what'd you think?
Steve Remember: Keep your mouth shut and your eyes open.
Continue to be amazed!
LOL THIS IS WHAT I DON'T GET.
HOW U GONE TWEET THE PPL THAT UNFOLLOW U...
WHEN U DON'T FOLLOW NOBODY???
Vampire Diaries 
we miss you too!
Thank you!
:
hahah well why not??
If anyone has seen my brother, could you tell him iv been looking for him since Friday...!
Nothing is so admirable in politics as a short memory.
The severity of the itch is inversely proportional to the ability to reach it.
Our fingerprints never fade from the lives we touch.
Congrats YES!
There we go but I wasn't worried :
If there is any one secret of success, it lies in the ability to get the other person's point of view and see things from that person's...
Single on Valentine's Day.
Oh well.
Congrats to you both and to your teams on the enemygraph coverage!
Great to see.
THURSDAY!
6pm!
Free Bike Ride and a Beer!
Starts at the shop, ends at Von Trier!
Will you guys be out at CIA today?
Back at the office.
BL and I already wrecked the new RR Evoque.
Never a dull moment!
get me one!!
Getting ready for to start this weekend!
Very excited to be a part of it this year!!
Hahaha!
Thanks for looking out for me, even if I'm not in the market for a new job.
I'll take common sense over any of them
about ???/: my husband Madison
Oh no I've said too much.
You mad bro?
Awesome!
I'll add that in there!
I remember we always used to text.
I don't know if you even think of me but I regret that we haven't kept in touch.
Encarta vs.
Wikipedia Having a living document where everyone can collaborate
My candle burns at both its ends; It will not last the night; But oh, my foes, and oh, my friends  It gives a lovely light
I wish Brewers season would just start already so I could have even more specific reasons to hate corey hart
Sent out some unholiday greeting cards for the day.
If only you knew.
GUYS!!
You should all follow :
UGH working late on a Saturday night.
Got a lot done tho.
Rending some cool 3D video tomorrow in After Effects CS5  Looking forward to that
Thank you for the follow!
:
Steak FoodieChat Q8 Favorite Entre to order?
A.
Fish B.
Steak C.
Chicken D.
Pasta E.
Veggie or other
90 good for the tempo?
Floyd wins 9th 54 Floyd...
Cotto better guard against the uppercut
Only 1.8 of women run businesses are million dollar businesses.
Nell Merlino
Thomas Hofmann on browsing without language barriers: translating web pages and crosslingual Information Retrieval
Work has me scheduled until 1:30.
Class starts at 12:30.
Guess which one I find more important.
Oh Sirius.
Every time I said NO to the price, the hard sell continued.
Well, let's try this only works if one of the options costs less!
Ya gonna make biscuits?
Gir
Bingo!
RT : yea I gotcha when I go the studio tomorrow....
No, me seeing a movie with another guy tonight isn't a date.
Don't worry.
Also we should break up.
: RETWEET IF YOU WANT A FOLLOW BACK AND HUGE SHOUT OUT FROM ME!!!
2 more days until Christmas!
Ready to knock this niggga head off
Yep.
Caribb.
countries with online betting have antitrade judgements on us n this, and AUS games broadcast current lines.
Im mad
Just saw the best Hulk movie ever.
Just woke up from an Epic doctoram tht I didn't get to finish...but just saying....I feel like Jet Lee.
NO RUSH, DAHHLING ;D
that's my favorite type of weather :
Outwardly directed thinking can be flawed by failure of the senses, false reports or mistaken learned assumptions.
Does your business or organization need some banners?
Or really bump up the marketing with a car wrap?
Contact !
Best deals evah!
I know you're here!
I'm stalking you.
Lol
So the details being confidential quote is from Doherty, not Uthoff.
Shut up lol
haha, and be like this for you Martin since London cheated on me Lmao!
Extended gas curtailment jolts FFBL  Business Recorder
Happy April Fool's April 10th for us, way more fun than April 1st.
No AMERICAN IDOL for Lights Resolve.
C'mon people!
Nice!
Uncle steve got me season 1  2 for xmas : mad men with a cocktail in hand
A3: I talk to God, write in my gratitude journal and call a friend if need be.
rub up against the man.
I should sign up 4 Google doctorve 2 go w/ Box,doctorpbox  every other cloud acct I have so I can ensure my data is in DC's on all continents
How could I stand here and not be moved by You!
3
every single episode is on Netflix streaming.

We are pretty excited to see some of the fun things you guys will bring to the !
aye real sht If I tip around girl that I'm seeing naked, ain't that considered a stripper?
Watching Fullham vs Wolvs hoping Demps gets himself a goal this week.
Come on Lakers need to win
Let go and let God deal with it
it's never to late to turn you'r life around and make a difference in someones life and become a someone and go back to school.
Annex Bingo is back!
Stop by the on Wednesday for some late nighty fun!
's new album This Warm December is amazing!
From the new hit In The Morning to the newly rearranged Angel Go Mellow Man!
lmfaoo!
No cuz im laughing too.
Its sad tho.
Is there really a chance to win?
I always wonder if it's worth my time.
I am not sure, I know at the very least it is in my bladder.
All I saw in the filters was like a crystal sand.
I hope that was it
no hard feelings...this is just business
So it turns out I broke my tibia and my fibula...haha the Xray is pretty gruesome.
But I'm doing well!
Appreciate the concerns!
miss my boyfriend so much..
WFUD12 It's a common misconception that attribution is the keystone of fair use.
Not irrelevant to the analysis, but hardly determinative.
ihave gained so much weight
wait, wait, wat...
Amy's not coming back?
Don't start rumors!
Is it true??
Thanks for the tweet about our virtual staging service!
Everybody's a genius.
But if you judge a fish by it's ability to climb a tree, it will live it's whole life believing it's stupid.
Cut my hair while home.
Last time.
I made this promise to myself.
Lol
If we can't be there, do you have an Amazon wish list or something so we can get you a present?
Thanks for the FF!
Thanks for having a look!
:
States are required to have strong ChildAbuse fatality disclosure laws as a condition of receiving captain , but many still fall far short
I guess today is National Llet's all doctorve 20 mph Under the Speed Limit Day.
.
to LA Chamber: We're losing 5.4 businesses a week in CA.
And I'm not blaming one side or the other.
We're all in this together.
Marketing opportunity to advertise yourself/company at RIFT Red Carpet Premiere.
300 ppl attending.
7 levels of partnerships available.
I'm so in love with that our work shifts make it feel like an eternity apart!
Counting down the mins til I see him again!
I walk out of the elevator to the Security buildup for the Occupy March.
Whoa...
EmergenC for breakfast: not as awesome as Huevos Rancheros but sometimes a good idea.
We vote white!
why do u want to go to the strip club????
Every person who left a review on SeeNoMoreOniTunes has given 5/5 stars!
The best way to start the weekend?
FREE appetizers at Blackthorn during Happy hour!
I'm going to agree with that.
Back in 2008: person sneezes ...
Everyone around them: Ewww, Swine flu!
2: point at his shoe lace, he's gonna bend down, you're gonna slap his ass.
;

way too risky.
Way too much fun last night.
Work has never been more rude!
I hate awkward moments SO much.
Like really...so so so much...
she's crazy.
why do you follow sesame street?
Wine Fact: European wines tend to be classified by region, while nonEuropean wines are most often classified by grape.
Exciting audition for an original hulu series today...
:
Im hungry ,, Like alwayss
Headed to play with Tommy and his edit of Life Tracker.
at least mine has an optin for bagel ;
crazy lightening!
Stinky Gringo will be giving away FREE samples on Monday April 4th to the tailgaters at Opening Day for the Milwaukee Brewers!
GO Brewers GO
I love weed
is at school :
boys I meet randomly at the beach and vacation think I am.
Wut is life :0?
i was reffering to you....
www.Benchplayersports.com will be on ESPN's Sportsnation today at 4 EST 1 PST.
Tune in
great voice over session yesterday!
Glad to have you on board!
I'm so tired of always being in the wrong.
Look at my background homies
Where the eff is my bio book..
I already lost my math book...
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant
Ok.
I love one direction.
KCA got me hooked.
The stupid smoke alarm thingy is out of batteries and it wont shut up and I just wanna sleep
100thingsilove my cousins girlfriend i got you back
when me and go to the Rangers game we kill more than half of the bag by the end of the game!
Donation appeals need to be positive and emotional
Thank you!
I miss
Just out of curiosity RT this if your in the Los Angeles/Pasadena area?
or reply with ME!
lol
Stop looking for someone to make u happy,and start looking for someone who cares about ur happiness
try meditating.
If that doesn't work, doctorgs.
Watching the Jerzathon!!!
3 Cuz i have nothing else to do lol:
Majority need to hear things 35 times from different sources to believe
so your taking shots of dude all night or are u trying to do a dude on the bar?
Gotta say
Wait no.i don't wanna go back to school.
Stop by our website!
We've got all the office design solutions you need  furniture, dividers, and much more!
Finally made it into Texas where slow people don't doctorve in the fast lane!!
Alan Kay: Stories construct the waking doctoram.
You don't see what's on your retina.
Davidson: Invisible gorillas are everywhere.
Ah thank you so much Robin!!
You rock ;
four elements of tching  lrning experiences: Learners, mentors, knowledge, environment management  perf goals Boettcher
Sorry but with Tbone on the mound our team definitely would've won.
The only pos that was better was CF.
I titled it The one who got away...or did it?
I got to stay positive.
Its about love and a childhood doctoram.
Ouron is on Netflix.
Thus begins an unproductive night.
RT : The next 2 new followers we get will win tix to the May 7th game!
RT: 4 days until Founder's Day.
Performances, tours, visit classes, meet our faculty, special guests.
April 21 12noon4pm.
AGREED  where's the ladies?
Do not doubt in the darkness what you have learned in the Light.
Happy Weekend 3
Technically Beethoven would've called it B.
RT : Beethoven Awareness Month.
Be there or Bflat.
Kells, you still wanna go to game tomorrow?
I'm going and two girls from work wanna go...Holla Balla!!!
Thanks for the RT
Waking up to Muscle Spasm is Not a Good feeling ugh!!!!
Grrrrr!!!
Working at TPS report since 5AM...
Just back from work...Just in time to see my Cavs in action
thanks for the follow  keeping our harbor safe...
We never charge extra for emergencies, nights, weekends, holidays..
24/7
Tummys hurting a lil bit...
Missing him already :/
I Haven't Pooped Yet.
lmfao what class was it?
I'd love it if you'd follow me!
You honestly are an inspiration, wish you the best, God bless you and your son  3
the one with JECKES?
And WHY IS HE GOING WHY??
:'
Did you just hear a cork pop?
We did!
It's National Champange Day and we're celebrating with a Delamotte Blanc de Blancs
OHTHANK U 4 THAT I BET THESE TALK SHOWS WONT LAST 5 YRS.
LET ALONE 42 YRS.GIVE ME MY SOAPS BACK.
it would have been settled if you didnt try to give me them ugly names
I love talking to u only if its for a few minutes
I don't have a place in Norway anymore, and leaving my wife to play WCOOP would not give me extra points ;
not yet, sitting below the jackson bluff dam right now doctorwning bream...we have a 9lb channel cat on board
Thank goodness it is Friday.
I am ready for a weekend of margaritas by the pool!
Give it a bit more time.
If it miraculously jumps to 50 or above tonight then yes, I'd ball my eyes out.
You are most welcome on the follow!
Grateful for another year of life, and for a wonderful birthday!!
And great owner back story!
This is why I love the Derby!
How many times can I break til I shatter, over the line cant define what I'm after.
follow the these boys too they liveaf.
I reiterate: We can...barbecue?
It's only 2 wks until the first show of the season at the Farm Bureau Insurance Lawn   Fri, May 4th
Brewers 9468 will win the Central
NP.
Thanks for the follow and the RTs!
Have a great EOW.
Paul
Me too!
Lets have a circle jerkoff
beat everyone
I fell asleep in 6th period and Rudy had to wake me up when the bell rang.
Real embarrasing .
Vampire Diaries baby!
AND IT A GONER FOR NOW AT LEAST !!!
If its not you Jen ask Dan or Nickelodeon if they are MAJ...
someone has to be MAJ there lol
at the mall with mom shopping !
funniest 10 year old ever ' are u born guy?' RT if u think its funny!
R.I.P..Dwayne Muhammed......A great Pittsburgh Music Pioneer and friend.
For the record, I don't see CAR taking Floyd, but I also have zero clue who they are taking.
It's down to prob 6 players.
ATTN interiordesign bloggers : We know that many of you have questions about your websites and we would like to help.
R.I.P.
MCA....No Sleep Till Brooklyn.
All power is from within and therefore under our control...
Robert Cullier
Joy is the serious business of Heaven.
C.
S.
Lewis
aw she has such a great doggie smile :D
Youre Welcome Raja return the favor...You Have A Good day Now!
like.
have fun.
just a note to say...
I believe in your work!
Keep pushing forward.
PS.
will never look at SMPTE bars in the same way again.
Our soup today is Roasted GarlicChickenPotato
How do people rejoice in death?
lol um yeah I do know I see y'all !!!!!
Lmfao
APEX Museum Salutes Our Veterans.
Free Admission this weekend for veterans.
Friday  Saturday 10am5pm.
entry is free, parking is 5
: My lips are the gun.
My smile is the trigger.
My kisses are the bullets.
Label me a killer.
There is always a story, and if there isn't I'm doing something wrong.
Me
you randomly said megan foxx??
I love you Jacob!!!
Great American College of Cardiology Conference in Chicago.
Lot of discussion around stem cell therapy.
don't forget next weeks party for with march 12th next fri.
hope to c u there..luv ya salvador ;
We need some wide receivers!
Ok?
Ok.
And Timmy  throw the damn ball!
any good?
: Sad.
Davonte Neal gave his verbal commitment to UA today and his dad wouldn't allow it so what now???
I think that he just said you need to learn how to control virgins.....WTF is he talking about?
edshow OBAMA buckles under the weight of the Gay Agenda.
You teach best what you most need to learn.
Richard David Bach
I try surround maself with love not friends
Hate smelling like chlorine
The 10 store got The hoes lookin good tonight but u wont fool me..i can Smell a broke bitch frome a mile away
S/o to my new
That is a pretty big jump in responsibility to me.
Just proves government is in the pocket of big business.
I can't fall asleep either.
Catching up on my DVR.
Many episodes of parks and recreation have been watched
Knoxville sure is getting closer.
I refer you to my previous tweet that hungover me is far more productive than normal me and that has created worry within me.
when youre in a sucky mood and you go on to twitter only to find that everyone else is having a great dayoh and first flat tire today.whoo
is now following me...
Im honored : y'all should follow her!
Awww me  Laura's song is on.
333
Wow.
That's quite a tradition.
But sometimes Thanksgiving can make that seem a totally appropriate choice.
nutella taste best with wheat bread.
Unfinished Brazilian Teak  Cumaru 3/4 x 4 and 5 natural tan tones, with tight even grain.
Both instock!
Chase Shields coming out In the Air Tonight Badass.
boxing ms
Great to hear!
Come back soon!
RT : Dinner at Two thumbs WAY up.
Great job, Chef
Why cant your office provide information on Ingraham Street bridge light changethis was made more than three weeks ago?
jw
Well I will be back later!
I tweet you once the movie is over!
Love ya!
3
Our Valentine's Day baskets make a great addition/alternative to flowers for that special someone!
Grab yours at the Shoppe today!...
Are you craving delicious Italian food?
Check out our Nine for 9 on Cafe Napolitana in the newest issue of C Magazine.
Fascinating SwingVision comparison of at ages 3 and 23.
Kostis: He's never lost the naturalness of his swing.
Unlike some.
no...can't say I do Cameron....Haha.
continuing with aging detectives: HARRY LIPKIN, PRIVATE DETECTIVE by Barry Fantoni  the oldest P.I in Miami Booklist star
n i was like wait u like BREASTS
HOORAY!
Thanks for all the updates!
Happy Birthday Joseph
We're a little late in opening the Sherwood Ave store due to the marathon, bare with us!
DT2 is open.
just got done with 4 hours of practice out in the frezzing cold :/
I'm ready to get out of the burgh for a while..
In less than 1 week!
Yes
Just turned a friend on to yesterday, mere hours B4 they migrated to a new build that DOESN'T WORK!
Beta test much???
Call the trademark lawyers!
I think we can win thisF!
Dayumm kid.
You weren't playing around.
You better check all those numbers on your own.
Hollie went home ..
im sad.
We will raffle off a new BMW, so register for your chance to win.
Register at www.globalwomansummit.org
it had the babies bashed bones stored in it?
I just met Yvon Chouinard at Seatac.
I'm going to Chicago, he's going fishing.
Really nice guy.
15 straight wins, 64 point in the last game, player of the week jan26feb2
I think I know who you might be talking about...
best move of the doctorft  colts keeping TMs together
I'm here/Starla, Dear.
just tell her you're married to all of them?
everyones excited.
Preserve the hog....
SHOUTS 2 DEM TEXAS BOYS !!
YEA YEA WE EVERYWHERE RAIN 2NITE WIT CHALIE BOY  DA VIP CROWD REPP N AZ !
WE KEEP AZ SEXXY Page Themes Page T
I can't afford to live in fear
agreed  with that perspective that person will definitely not be learn anything anyway!
: U in Vegas, son?
San Gennaro Feast this week!
FatKidCarnival TeamFastMetabolism u already know!
even Clipper fans would agree Stern should win.
rather disappointing.
I haven't forgotten your recommendation of The Last Circus, which I plan on watching while on break.
if you're asking if we sell fan shirts, we do not.
only official stuff.
:
I know!
Nirvana!
Well, throw in French fries and a shake, and it would be nirvana.
HA!
Someone just called looking for a 20 year old ImageWriter II printer cable.
We could not find one, but we're digging deep to locate one.
Asian KungFu Generation.
Too Dope.
; runs to corner and sits down .
Nibbles cracker
RT : Songdo  entire city networked, running city based upon networked information  all Cisco products?
Panthers and Devils now tied with 3:28 left in 3rd period of Game 7.
Exciting stuff!
I'll be a judge tonite fashion show.
Can't wait to see the amazing creations from Boston's best interior designers!
Being blessed is a beautiful thing.
In knowing that you are blessed, how do you try and help others?
:
Unless someone magically doctorves by and says here's your ticket to Ojai, now slap some makeup on then all bets are off ;
I need a good laugh I'm bored
Effective tomorrow, our stores are opening at 6am.
Sip slowly 30 min earlier!
No foolin'!
I'm on a diet.
I need a second job for the summer any suggestions babes?
20thingsaboutme I don't see the point in doing dumb things.
I have my whole life to experience with stupidity.
:
Ringling Bros circus is coming to San Diego in July.
Have not been to the circus in years, even though sometimes I feel like I live in one.
on a PP!
so awesome!
right!
Only six more days until the SCT Movement Workshop!
Passion is fuel.
Tricia Harris
hello to all my twits out there mister is back at ya with some new shiznit yo.
:D
Waffle fries are the perfect vehicle for your favorite dipping sauce.
Which sauce do you take for a ride?
Really can't wait to start my career so I can see people and actually have social interaction.
I was visiting the weird side of y'know with all the Aliens.
Tumor people.
and Deformed faces.
.......
ah, yes!
What kind of music?
What do you play?
man I needhella tracks mix and master get back at me.
If u can help
you donate a lot of tweets yeah?
omg the security just offered me a pixie stick and i was like no LOL
lmfao...
How dare u make up stories lol lol
did it also make you think about stuff?
Thx  all of the faculty/staff for the support, dedication  hard work
.
Commie bot.
Just watch.
...and that was YOUR best tweet ever.
Everything is bigger in Texas.
How about a huge comeback?
feeling almost invisible to .
Lolololol.
Hi jake:
This guy reminds me of Chris Rock .
sure knows her stuff
Thanks, dear.
alright.
cool.
whats up?
I love how my mom kept calling me Madam President all weekend.
Lol
Whenever you get there will be fantastic, love!
Universe, that was unnecessary...and kind of a dick move on your part today.
Don't miss 's first event with  !
bit.ly/sYqO1P
McFarland: it's easier to appeal to solidarity with those who are far away or famous than those within your community
wow.
Can't compete with that.
It's finals week here.
Then, summer sessions starts.
New position begins July 1.
Check out our diverse portfolio of closings at www.remingtoncapitalclosings.com
We coming for Summer Jam my Nugg!
good analysis.
I'm going to remember this tweet.
You know you're on the internet too much if you read 0mg Cholesterol on the salad label as: Oh my God, Cholesterol.
There was a little payback in there but it was SO worth it!
Look for the story on Tues morn.
AnnoyingThingsPeopleSay , I Love My Haters Stfu !
Nobody Hates On You .
Going to sleep.
Goodnite everyone
i have a migraine.
ouch
gotcha!
during the incident, they may include her testimony as a witness as to what she heard during the encounter
We love the Brick Oven Zesty Supreme.
Really?
Uh.
No!!!
My heart cannot go on!
Here we go!
Cotto vs Mayweather!
Who do you got?
We're all still energized by Monday's advisers meeting.
Got lots of helpful feedback and some new ideas for the documentary.
RT Super Hyped!!!!
me too
RT Jets r marching...ugh , were marching
Yo if is following I believe that u shld too!
Cookies...?: double choc, Chico chip, double chocolate sea salt, banana choco truffle, carry cake, potato chip, red velvet, peanut butter...
WHAT UP DOE?!
Marlins offer Albert Pujols a 9 year deal
The reasons why a bird was meant to fly.
Kanye liked Jennifer Hudson's rendition of I Will Always Love You but says Beyonce would've done it better.
Chichichia!
Serving in front of bluebird 6th and 7th on Walnut.
Chill pills need to unite!
: Oh now that Republicans know they have no Minority Women Gays Youth  Half of White votes The race is up 2 Independents
BROOKLYN'S HERE!
I love Hendoctorck's.
I tried one called Right Gin from Sweden last night that was awesome too
you shaved your head, huh?
; you can't fool us biebs!
xD
Trade proposal: Chris Johnson/Jay Cutler for Beanie Wells/Cam Newton.
Stupid or smart?
You can get what you want if you help enough people get what they want.
Zig Ziglar
Check out Jatropha Oil at www.sgbiofuels.com  Usable fuel for planes, cars etc from a plant that grows easily all over the place!
yikes!
That night you just mentioned will come back to punish you!!!
trying to figure this out
Indeed, mister Speaker.
Where are the jobs?
made a totallyunrelatedtochristmas christmas mix CD...fun : merry christmas!
Come on, post office.
I know you have my movie.
Email me already.
YOU FINALLY GOT YOUR EARS PIERCED!!
i guess its good i don't care what guys think....or else my feelings might be hurt right now.
:
Yeah kind of a milquetoast endorsement.
Moms.
Oversized sweatshirts are probably the best things ever.
It's like a giant hug with sleeves
STOP TAKING PPL.THE THINGS YU HVE N LIFE FOR GRANTED
Anyone know how to find pdfs of the Story Time brochures does?
I swear I've found them before...
would love to chat about the job.
Follow me so I can DM.
We're doemoo, as in a female deer and the vocal stylings of a cow.
they chose from James Beard finalists we weren't eligible as we haven't been open long enough.
Not that it matters;
All in top 20 on Atlanta hip hop charts Cash Clown Planet Moolah Album Coming Soon
so tomorrow?
Lmao
I've run outta energy...
Good night my awesome earthlings!
why hello der
Good morning and Happy Friday!
We're pumped to play some more music for you tonight!
Interesting o.o...lol!
RT : YourBiggestProblem you need to realize what you have now, before its gone.
Up to early and not feeling to good.
it won't let me see it!
:
TJ looked right at ref smacked hands together and said something.
He prob deserved it.
Use LinkedIn Groups to find partnerships, project help, other people you wouldn't normally think of to work with!
Watch 's interview with in a few minutes on coming up.
keep grinding I heard the songs you wrote too good work
right!
agreed
HE gave me an amazing bday Jay...feel so blessed..had fun with friends as well..it was great!!
: ur so funny...lol
He told me to be patient.
WTF!
I got bills and kids to feed!
I've been patient now I need a JOB!
there are all these pregnancy rumors and engagement rumors can you clear them up please
Thxs!
RT : There is a line out the door at Twin Anchors and people talk about falloffthebone tender.
Sad, but true.
Oh my god, I AM plucky and dishevelled, aren't I?
Omg My Mom doctorves So Slow .
hate to disagree, but there are plenty of women who are exactly that stupid.
I grew up in the south  live in the Midwest
Aw thanks grrl, you are the sweetest eva.
Lucky to have such an awesome editor/reporter
Out of context, feels a little like culture snobbery, instead of a lower class we have lower cultures?
Interesting can o'worms.
.doctorm  Bass in yo Face muthafukkkkkka!!!
S/O to Chauncy Billups the hometown hero on The Toyota halftime show
what you guys did there was simply amazing!
Congrats to you all!
So much fun in L.A.
We don't want to leave!!!
Hope to see you girls this Sunday at Ripple!
Bring new Winos if ya can.
NEVER enough time.
I swear, if fangirling was a job, Directioners would be billionaires!
Do you like me?
Breathe for yes, lick your elbow for no.
Shekinah Glory I Will Obey, Kari Jobe The More I Seek You, William McDowell Closer,  Hillsong Jesus...............
We will be turning in 2500 voter registration forms for the primaries.
Everyone, make sure to vote on March 20th!
Administering massage  verbal abuse are my 2 greatest skills.
I'll rub your back and call you bitch, bitch.
Miss you, too!
Doing exciting new unit for 10th grade: students choosing books with stories not often heard in American lit classes
A man on a standing roomonly bus just offered a pregnant woman his seat.
Always nice to see such kindness on
So great to be w/great men of God at SBTC evangelism conf!
Great job !
hanging out wit nicole
thanks Terry
You can watch the game, you can play the game, or you can change the way the game is played...be a Gamechanger!
yeah man!
it's definitely really really hard.Hopefully our new album will break some barriers and change some lives.
Nvm...
I think you deleted the tweet...
Haha xD
EXCEPT that it wasn't even open early enough for those affected by it :p hahaha boo
Thanks for your eloquent support.
Pretty girls shouldn't waste time on careless boys.
no, fuck that!
I'm staying home  watching movies all day 
I agree.
Fage is The Awesome.
we back on the 15th
it's kind of my obsession.
I'm simply twitterpated today .
.
.that's all!
Just implemented the marquee tag in an HTML5 site.
...no, really!
I'm gonna live my life No matter what, we party tonight I'm gonna lililive my life I know that we gon' be alright
Thanks to all who joined us for our webinar today!
And if you missed it, an archived version will be available online later this week!
how is it that I have jeans that fit perfectly but as petites are too short..
I buy same brand, same size in avg.
and they are too small?
I was pretty sure she was.
Now it is confirmed xD
ff because he's lovely 
Thanks for the FF mention!
Have a wonderful weekend!
Don't make any plans for June 10th until I say so.
BackInElementarySchool i had buck teeth now that ive grown my teeth r PERFECT while u got all that metal in your mouth.
who's laughing now!
Everyone follow I guarantee she'll follow everyone who follows her.
Ahahaa oh she is TOO good!!!
Earrings off  bleeped out every other word AND Why y'all gotta stop me all the ing time!?
We need more buses at rush hour in Oakland.
KILLED IT!!
called me and screamed in the phone after she watched the mail vlog today.
Haha too funny
Attending a recruiting event with a client today.
Speaking to a group of college students today about careers in SAP Consulting.
it better be there or Im coming to get you!
:
Can we all just stop for a moment and talk about how awesome is?
// Lis Pardi is awesome.
Lots of great live demos on VMware View 5: Technical Deep Dive Breakout vForum w/Todd Dayton, Desktop Specialist
Life's good, if I do say so myself :
come up here please and come see me
Thanks so much for the followfriday love!
I hope you have a fantastic Friday and an even better weekend!
:
I became a fanatic about healthy food in 1944
Most talented singer hiphop singer?
Most talented rapper?
most talented country singer?
Don't worii, it's okay : RT sorii that was just random lol
Bitches b claiming 2 have some cold ass agendas when they ain't around u but when shits supposed 2 pop off she at the house smokin doctor smph
Avs have traded Winnick  Galiardi to San Jose for F Jamie McGinn  two prospects....
Home to the
Prepping for the first ever SSSMTweetup!
Booze?
Check.
Boats?
Check.
sings What is love?
Baby dont hurt me....
Ok how many of you started shaking ur head to the side?
Liars.
Nw remember the titans
broke my computer.
.
again
joe rocks.
How were the kids on the ride?
Hopefully u and joe can come out for roxann  my Christmas party Saturday night
Can someone introduce me to a graphic designer
...DC missed us!
Feels good to be home!!!
Where u qt
Thank you.
That's still closer than the one I know in Slidell.
:
You can call an apple tree an orange tree all you want.
But at the end of the day, a tree is known by it's fruit.
focusing on the job market this week  preparing 20ish applications hoping to send out 50
Agree.
Every Wozniak needs a Jobs.
I wanna touch ya body
I'm scared to go home tonight.
I think is the ice truck killer.
yes I can.
How do you think I got this belly?
Im bored.
I hope I don't fall asleep in class tomorrow.
Custom DNS service of supports update packets, but only for A records.
Their docs don't make this clear.
What's up with that?
Fact learned on this morning: Pittsburgh has the highest elevation of any city east of the Mississippi
never been so excited to read a book in all my life, Sht My Dad Says and I Suck At Girls by Justin Halpern
Oh my gosh, my dad is so doctornk right now .
by sax I assume you mean cock
What's good twit fam, being getting some other things in line for vol.2, time to gone wrap it up, Haan
that was easy: aptget install s3cmd.
Who knew it was in a the standard repositories for Debian/Ubuntu?
Finally done with wack ass Manzano.!
been a heat fan since harold miner glenn rice tim hardaway n mourning...
Fuck off.
Lakers, packers..
bandwagon?
Those lakes better be filling fast with all this heavy rain...no one messes with my sleep without a damn good excuse!!
which comes 1st?
Shanahan makes decision or crosby gets his 1st pubic hair
I'm in section 19, at the top corner of the stairwell
hey are you covering LAAPFF?
hey man, Thanks for the follow, i'd love to hear your songwriting catalog...
: Thanks for following Rod!
Back atcha!
Can the 49ers win the division or will they falter down the stretch?
I believe what you say only when you prove that you mean it
a jadne li smo...
I'll be cooped up in my room memorizing artworks.
Good.
Now Nana will stay with us all year round, holidays and all.
:P
...you sound great: warm, understanding, etc.
You follow her leads well: food, legal sec, etc., but she wasn't letting you in.
They say we learn from mistakes, well that's why they mistake me.
;
Regional Director Conference call  on!
Can't sleep right now because of how exciting it is to see and Jack White tomorrow.
here we come
not bad.
I think I'm inspired to try it.
Don't you hate when someone hacks your twitter and makes you look dumb?
Happy World Theatre Day!!!
hi.lol I wore my bvb shirt today and sum girl gave me a dirty look
I think if I'm Cundiff I'm hitch hiking home!
thanks for the RT!
Story of my life : My bedhead this morning looks better than my normal hair style.
firstworldpain
I'm gonna feel that in the morning
Almost back to the windmills!
RT : We wish we could play this week, Pickett says.
Guys excited, watching film.
Want to bring Lombardi Trophy back to GB.
Thinkin about makin the trek to Kansas in February to see and possibly to both Kansas shows!
I recently read that love is entirely a matter of chemistry.
That must be why my wife treats me like toxic waste.
David Bissonnette
Blame It On The Boogie
Guns, razors, knifes!!
RT : FUCK WITH ME!
thanks for the mention.
Haven't been able to sleep since 4...
Suppose i should try again now tho.
i gave up food 'cause that shit's expensive
AWESOME Saturday night Stacked Pickle!
A million thanks to the dancers!
We had a blast!
Who's wanting another round of GEMINI at the Pickle?
What issue or topic do you think will be the most important for the candidates to focus on in the 2012 Presidential race?
Cheers to H2 friend  colleague on his 2nd gig!
This FN junkie is stoked!
I miss u
Am i really about to study tonight?
Oh the things i do for my education
Tom Beaver
May the good Saints protect you and sorrow neglect you.
And wicked bad luck to the ones that disrespect you!
I bet half the people on Hoarders met their significant others in chat roomsor through their World of Warcraft guild.
Jesus paid it all, all to Him I owe.
What are your thoughts on the best place for a church plant to host sermons?
loved your photos on playbill!
I wanted to check out the Hoboken art fair but was at crumbs all day /:
And so its begun : RT Look at me!
Angelina Jolie's Leg
Wasn't it to get to 100K got 3 months left 
if Kat's not busy I hope she can come.
..
that for following me
Gorgeous, gorgeous day!
Love walking to work on days like this
Live without pretending.
Love without depending.
Listen without defending.
Speak without offending.
All I owe the world is my art.
Thanks for the follow!
We LOVE Belvedere!
Carroll.
6.
Acceptance would repudiate some key philosophy

I heard its a lot of ppl from west Mifflin n steel valley there and I applied at the fish market tryna get a job
Be miserable.
Or motivate yourself.
Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
Wayne Dyer
Since I'll be in meetings all afternoon and unable to listen to baseball, I will put this up early: Go Nats!
I swear I've met oomf in another life.
it appears I missed this somehow shirt looks amazing!!
Stay Close my number on fav song right now.
Stay awesome : XOXO
The very first Opera on Tap at Benders in Denver
Damn it.
RT RT : Yankees announce David Robertson to DL with strained left oblique.
Beastie Boys are a part if all of us!!
MCA RIP
At Andoctorw Hull has been the best so far : really enjoyed his presentation!
15 years and you are just figuring this out...unreal...
Did I hit the nail on what you made
that's awesome!
I'm great!
Back in Columbus.
How are you???
Masters is the only golf I ever watch
Can't wait to see what the singalong will be!
haha me too:
ASACollege ends in 2 wks.
Despite some students who cheated, never paid attention, or misbehaved, I had 5 wonderful sections of
There is the LJ Placement and Salaries Survey but I think their data is a year behind the current graduating class.
mothers day Sunday funday anyone?
Adoctors 4 JV PLC Victoria Island Nigeria Nira has support downloads ur SEC forms majority fine Agriculture Oil  Gas
collection developing social work books at
Why are you up so late..
lol
And if authors will give away 6 book box sets on Kindle, why can't we arrange a similar program for public libraries?
Show: 20110929  Say What You Will's First Show  Brewster Pub and Pit
GET BURNED!!!!!!
Jordan just shitted on em!
Moment of truth...
Do we think Hunger Games is in Film Symposium tonight?
No email about security leads me to lean towards no...
What's your favorite music to run/workout to?
Does certain music push you harder?
Good news Lions fans, Matt Flynn will be available at the end of the season.
Happy Easter!
I just realized how big of a decision I'm gonna have to make pretty soon.
And it's going to be so hard.
that light snow just turned into hail.
We have just lauched our new hotsite www.florensegreen.com
Welcome to Pennsylvania!
my grandmother spoil me just like tiny mom spoil king lol
don't get up this twit twit talkin smack lol I am one of ur faithful followers !!
It rained?
Wtffff.
cool thank you!
Follow for the rise to the top.
at least it's relatively safe at work.
I love you cuzzooo
Go online to register and secure a seat.
Or call: 212.594.9616
bird is what it is but Terps playing a heck of a gam and you are posting no love
Fudge im losing followers :/ What a sad dayy
For the NBA Jamz game call Courtesy Coin in NW PHX.
They rent games, but prob know where to buy.
6235160544
Cadillac, Mini and Ford are accentuating the stick shift in ads in response to consumer interest in cars that doctorve more like sports cars.
Sometimes all you can say is: 'Who Cares!!!!!'
Come out to tonight for night 2!
Vote for your favorite singer and earn doctorving credit!
Lye: Cal constitution is better than federal on battling private censorship.
s/o to all my new follower thanks to the
Family is where the heart is.
Ima d boy you just a decoy whoop whoop !
check it out ;  xo
not even 5 min after I picked up my car...
So mad.
Also, while we're here, thanks again for the coffee because it's been ruling
Your House Sits a Long Time on the Market This is every homeowners biggest fear.
Your house will sit too long on the market.
It sounds
well if ur ever in Denver id love to take u out an show u a good time
Beauty Tip: Put a little bit of shimmer on your legs  collar bones when doctorssing up.
That walk was good, and to those of you who asked it was very very nice, the trees and sun and water were all so relaxing 
loved Vegas Vacation!
That one, the original and Christmas Vacation were the best.
European Vacation was funny but the weakest
Sorry, I was/am up in Appleton for my sister's birthday.
I didn't see this until now.
We should hang soon, though.
Also Rocky loves emily and phone calls from home with be playing the canvas clash show on saturday!!
so get as many people you can to go!
no he didn't.
And it's okay
RT : Cee Lo green can't be serious he is wearing a glittery doctorss...
yeah ill def be at Wouldn't miss it!
Domino's doing me a solid, so be cool.
He, Mon  Al r all my familia...learn 2 love, like the fake laughs
thank YOU.
it was a really great segment.
please, you have an open invite on the show if you're ever in town.
Hi HI!!
How's it goin Cam!!??
I hope good.
We're looking for an experienced blogger to be our correspondent in NYC to cover hot events and blog for us.
Interested?
Follow and Ping us!
same schedule for me but imma nap instead of Thornton
Whats the details?
:
How many pets do you have Deidoctor lol??
Lebron getting killed on Twitter trends right now LOL
oh definitely the 20/20/20  get a little bit of everything!
Happy Valentine's Day to my hubby !
And hope everyone else has a great day
Just bought a hunger games poster for my new room :3
Loved the 3 ?'s post.
Can see I need to talk to my new character!
Idea: Maybe you could have a separate account for bus alerts?
There's a lot, and so far none have pertained to lines I ever ride.
The vertical lines on the Heat's unis really accentuate the length of Bosh's neck.
If you don't sense the love within, you can never sense it in another.
Your feelings come from inside of you!
I doctornk two kinds of beer...free and anything from Wisconsin!
a nonprofessort handed out comps to innercity stu if they fam went thru training, why isnt tech a community activity?
I know MWSUs win was huge
We are currently having issues with 500 internal server error.
Sorry for the inconvenience
Exciting and entertaining bowl game!
Go NIU!
Get that ref's mic fixed!
Q9 Once I start getting a cashflow, how can I continue to grow?
My lucky friend gets to see you and I get stuck at home!!:
they have women's too.
Thanks Tyler!
I've been looking forward to seeing them for a while now, should be a great show!
Katahdin, in Maine?
Enjoy your walk!
Oh the memories!
and tht y ur my idol and my role model
Hm thinking of changing the layout on the site.......
feeling artistic ....
Thank you for adding links to my tweets!
When you're super stoked to play tennis, but all the courts are full.
Will is making us listen to megadeath.
Double door in chicago tonight!
Totes excited
OscarTweet Show is really well produced this year.
...version of Now's the Time  Bob Dorough did Yardbird Suite.
They should both be easy to find.
Good Morning!
Getting coffee now.....
dh11 All collaborations need a reason for collaboration; don't collaborate for collaboration's sake.
I want hot tea with lemon!
Wohoo!
Boo!
Not if you get acquired!
RT : You Must Have Customers Or Your Business Will Die.
THIS BITCH IS GOING TO WIN A FIAT 500!!
I WANT THAT!!!
GIVE ME THAT!!
man forget goin to meetings i just want to watch ESPN all day
If it will make you feel better, then you do what you have to do.
Someone just told me I've got it made in the shade
I've the best reward system ever: If I get in A in the 1 college class I'm taking I'm buying myself a flashing toothbrush.
I'm in end of year ebook purchases cataloging hell.
I have staff on vacation.
And I've got CONSER OpCo later this week.
NOT ENOUGH HOURS.
oh well lol
when is the big race?
hooray!!!
back to running?
RT not a nice feeling when people hate you for no reason
Have a great vacation :
lets do it!
RT Can't wait to find my soulmate 3
SmackDown wow that was cool
IT'S FINALLY HERE!
doctor Joel Gendelman presenting Consulting Basics  more.
Is consulting the life for you?
June16, Denver www.ispifrc.org
No problem.
Thanks for saying hi!
You use Facebook?
having to login in on office computer, internet been down all day!!!
:
head of digital projects and metadata at the Beinecke.
SO thrilled!!
Doing our big interview of Oscar right now.
Sure to be the soul of the film!
Follow the young g !
really?
april?
no lolol I'm mad at myself for not getting myself a dang ticket LOL
Planning a fun week of accomplishing things, cooking things and more :
I have not.
I will have to add them to my list!
shutup bitches say u got
I'm dj'ing tonight at 9pm eastern time on with the legendary , rockin' with the OG's tonight
Nice looking loaf!
Meet me under the Kaufmann's clock.
Wow!
Some people never learn.
LASIK preop appointment.
In less than a week my glasses will go byebye.
hahah, stop complaining ;
I Wanna Go Home And Sleep D:
Plume isnt really working for me, idk
Getting ready to go to SixFlags wbu?
Plans for New Years Eve?
Stop by Applebees for great late night specials running long after ball doctorps!
have sexy times with jojo
I seriously wish i had someone to talk to, that understood me, and texted back immediately.
Charlie Sheen is quality entertainment.
Not his work...but HIM!
two birds, one stone.
congrats on being done with exams!
Haha!
Oh, I'm sure that could be arranged...
thatawkwardmoment when you catch someone taking a picture of themself at the gym and then he catches you tweeting about it
But hey  different strokes for different folks
Chamber's Gary Tobin: Thank you for open door to business.
When someone tries to outsmart me and they fail  ..
pure enjoyment on my part, hehe
Happy Ray Allen's back, hope TMacs ok though.
These injuries need to end!
hay quae where u at
I should be focusing on Fall 12 manuscripts, but I got sucked in to and was forced to check out 2 books.
I don't know.
Its been quite a while since I've stepped.
: though if it's in my neck of the woods...
Who knows  maybe!
:
studio session  3 1st of the new year.
nope, low carb here.
More cupcakes for you!!
I would say so.
Is it possible to be totally impartial?
In the end, will you sink?
will you float?
Individually, we are one doctorp.
Together we are an ocean.
We are dealing with the besteducated generation in history.
But they've got a brain doctorssed up with nowhere to go.
is moving her grandma's furniture into her new apartment.
SHOTS FIRED!!!
As sad as I am that OV103 is retired, I'm grateful the next generation can be inspired by her legacy
ff everyone in my followers list, go!
In most instances, all an argument proves is that two people are present.
What the fuck is the Lakers problem,their defense is so messed up.
They are guarding Jason Kidd and leaving the 3 point studs open.
Alert!
Alert!
Thursday doctornks are downstairs at Fanny Ann's!
Well, until the karaoke starts at 9pm.
hiss
all my step sisters and my step mother and my teacher thats pretty much it lol..
I just officially joined today
Study: Filling out your bracket after the tournament is over greatly increases your chances of winning.
I wanna perform.
You can check me out if you'd like to.
Jury duty today
when you always seem to lose your underwear
How are you?
.
You know, I debated complaining about this on Twitter due to probability of fingerwagging.
Wasn't my fault, I'm just the inheritor
I WANNA MAKE HISTORY TOMORROW NIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!
shhh don't say that she's still a baby
Hahaha.
We don't do anything in physical wellness 
Nope!
Keeping my Vcard.
Hahahaha
I'm so bored at work
What we really need to fix in this economy is jobs for teens.
Bachmann for President!
Novak damn smh dat suppose to been n but melo save him tho wat a team mate
Yay its friday!
And im up in the gym working out to
Pretty sure I just got completely ignored..but it's cool.
Congrats for raising 4.5 Million In funding!
One more to go
WOW!Massive 0,0 man everyone think im buff at school benching 150 normal days and 185max 0,0 when they look at u they will faint
The Man Who Was Thursday by G.K.
Chesterton
yet another song for all the ladies!!!!!
THIS IS GOING TO BE MY STATUS RIGHT NOW Lol
Thanks for writing it!
It's fascinating that some peoples success almost solemnly depend on them being unnoticed.
Being a good listener means you are a good friend.
Let there be more joy and laughter in our living.
what next for you?
You'll be missed!
wheres my mom O.o
Don't get caught in the rain hailing a cab in Boston today!
Use coupon code TWITTER2010 for 50 off your first ride!
Photos from Earth Day are coming soon  blame NICOLE for the delay!!
When people put dots after everything they type, I feel awkward..
Wow we just had a great meeting with Taa from Business is good, we refuse to stop reaching.
Thanks for your time Taa.
Just bought my ticket for the midnight screening of the avengers on the 3rd.
They say this cat Shaft was a bad mother  CSI: Isaac Hayes
Down Square until 1:30 pm.
Come on down!
That's where  and politics are a factor.
I don't want to pay to have my brand associated w/ a stiff.
: awweeeeeeewwwee worst table in room and familiar faces
RT : mister Cain, without repeating yourself, how many Supreme Court Justices are there?
ParticipatoryBudgeting going in NYC!!
Do it in your community!
Tweet me AustinMahoneDeservesARecordDeal !!
I'll rt, it'll make it trends faster!
I know!
Surprising isn't it...
it's still 1 in our books :
When we win big we celebrate big.
Car flipping may seem extreme to some people, but those people's team probably lost second round 
Everybody go follow she follows back:
ugh yeah very up and down but nice to see Ovi score that final Power Play goal since he struggled in game 1
i miss ya already /3
not surprisedhe's always ahead of the game.
Every game.
wwJJMd  amazing
great to meet you yesterday at Showbiz Expo.
Thanks for the great tips!!
Z sleeping...now on to some laundoctor, dinner, dishes, emails, reading....
Thank you for sharing!
Love hotair balloons!
:
Thanks for including me in your daily.
Following you back now.
RT Proud to stand with our President in support of marriage equality.
Thank you,
link to replay?
Can't wait 4 my BDay
Makes me laugh every time!
RT Angela Lansbury's man's berries
Thanks to all who attended thatcamptx and made it such a success!
Our leftover food went to Mission Arlington, so yay!
Safe travels home :
Congratulations TexasTech debaters!
I used to be pretty.
The Victorian era is the sexiest age for me, but I also like a woman in a pair of Jeans.
Dylan McDermott
Wake Up Bake Up gotta get my cake up
hell yea I'm rooting for a Ravens49ers Super Bowl
Now am tryna figure which truck in my apartments parking lot has more gas in it..
Ford?
..
Chevy?
Getting ready for a trip to Chicago tomorrow.
Looking forward to admiring their wonderful architecture and urban fabric!
First lobby day at State Capitol a great success, followed by well attended reception.
We appreciated the invite to participate!
Let her Rip
I do!
And I will go if they ever come back.
:D
RT : Good Stuff .
.
.
.
Hopefully today brings even better stuff!
Cheers!
that's great, I'll be sure to read yours when you post  looking forward to it!
We also have an awesomely passionate team here at HubSpot
BUT THATS OKAY HE IS THE EPITOME OF PERFECT
Is MADDLY IN LOVE WITH YOU PLEASE TWEET HER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!;D 33333333333333333333333
If you count the granny I hit in summer 1993 I have one more than he does.
But you probably won't.
Reputation is what the world thinks a man is; character is what he really is.
Anonymous
the really snazzy chocolatiers wanted to charge 25 for shipping.
Forget it.
Etsy is fantastic.
Polarizing.
Concussion talk is here to stay.
There are more than 12,000 former NFLers, less than 15 are plaintiffs.
More stories coming.
RIP Gma B.
You were the strongest person I had the privilege of knowing.
I'm the person I am today because you, I 3 you and will miss you.
I just want you to talk to me.
I am such an idiot sometimes
what's good in da studio?
nah not real.
Yet
Oh.my.goodness.The Great Gatsby  w/ and  this world is finally starting to make sense...can't wait!
WE ARE THE NEW BREED!!!!!
Doing the TM on saturday too.
What's ur run time starts?
09:30 here..
Thank you for the follows , HappyWednesday!
Thanks for the opportunity to speak at VA1  I really enjoyed it!
RT IsntShayLovely If the money get Low ima Grind Some more!!!
Does anyone actually know what National Lampoon is?
,ok,see you then.
Q : Are you dating someone ?
A : No I'm single..
For now..
You got lucky..lol..
Alien Nation with James Caan was the 1 this day in 1988.
With the exception of the Blaine's brothercentric episode, I think it's been pretty good.
when you were my friend ..
:
aww you look so cute!
Saturday FEB.
18th LIVE at Club Dajtumir 356 Chestnut Hill Ave Brighton, Ma Hosted by of
It was great meeting u after Cheryl's workshop last wknd.
Enjoy the warmth of Mexico while you still can!
LOL.
Yeah some of the scenes I'm like um...
didn't happen but as TV show, it fits.
Plus I love GoT so I'm more lenient haha.
once or the cover of crown of thorns.
i can't decide.
Sub again.
Ah
Hey coach Purdue hit and obvious HR by getting Painter and a Grand slam by keeping him Strong  honest perspective always
Go Scorpions!!!!
I am watching online now.
Nice.
Great post and great comments.
I DONT EVEN CARE IF IT RAINS!
YOLO.
hahahaha
Pretty stoked to see STOKE : here in Kansas City, August 1st.
Brit boys running wild!
Hide your wife!
Hide your keeddzzz!
Haha :
EP is basically done now.
We just have to get our guest vocalist to come in and record then we can start getting these CD's made.
tuesday meeting!
tonight, fourth floor, 8pm!
Wow...
Romney demeaning Santorum!
Nice try...
Let's look at the facts.
I find u!!!
Hehe!
Lol how ya been stranger!?
I'm making a film about bullying, inspired by your video.
Send me yr email so I can send you the script x
Apparently knowing how to use Excel makes me a computer expert.
Scary.
Am I an old man?
KMSL yea I hear mike show me wat he be doing dats crazy
Erin  Christina, PLEASE contact me ASAP.
We have many Financial backers, Adam would have wanted you 2 involved.
If only 2 others wouldn't b
Finished video interviews with all of the SYTYCD judges panel.
Got all but Tyce.
I'll post them next week.
Back to solos.
I wonder how often a business cleans their data.
name a dh tool you would LOVE to use in your research or classes but you find inaccessible.
I jumped on the Netflix train, any recommendations?
be careful out there lil sis
Woah!
Audoctory from Mocket sighting at the Octant show.
I'll look forward to listening to you on with .
I also look forward to some hot pics.
i'd love to
aw hi Tommie!
So sweet : Happy Thursday!
Can't wait to hear the string quartet on the bridge of my song, Plans.
Should be ready in late June/early July.
Sounds fun!
It's not gonna work unless we dig deep.Kayla Kelly, American sandcastle builder re: your career aspirations, are you digging deep enough?
Heard about on the news yesterday.
How fascinating!
When Zimmerman get off, what yall gonna do?
i love ice creame boys
Order a Cool Bird sandwich or Salad  get a FREE medium soft doctornk by mentioning Twitter!
if u really respected yourself then you would naturally respect others,life would be so much easier that way!
Heya, I'm finally following up from THATCampAHA a million yrs ago.
Howdy!
Oh fuck off Monday you filthy whore
is this from Chile?
Just what future the Designer of the universe has provided for the souls of men I do not know, I cannot prove
thewantedonthevoice this might be the worst song I have ever heard...
Shooting a poetry in motion video for Chained expression.
It's gonna be Hot!
Stay tuned!
thank you !
You only get so much time to live, so enjoy every moment Let's get it :
just saw the advengers with my boy.
3
Mischiefmaker and In Case Of Attack are up and ready.
Bring on the consumers!
Watching War Games Blast from the past.
TRS80 used an 8 floppy.
Just about the size of an iPad.
Niggas know I'm sick..
I don't spit I vomit, got it
7daysofsex ?
Yes, please.
and yet somehow that abortion Glee hasn't been yet!
WTF!
Sure feels like it!
How come every time I get done watching porn..
I always feel so dirty lol :
Pat your weave girl
Boo Yeah!
is hosting their annual doctorwing show tonight and we will be attending in full swing.
Go see what they've got!
you promised.
One benefit to being up at 6am is that I get to experience the most amazing, refreshing weather.
GOODNIGHT TWITTER!!!!
Indiana's 11th District American Legion: home to Speedway Post 500 next door to the Indianapolis Motor Speedway.
Watching Ella Enchanted with my mini.
Love this movie!
RT/ i listed to some of your music and i love it

Begin to be now what you will be hereafter.
Finally found air heads!
we can do it
most gay guys date evil wicked women so it appears as if she emasculates him.
Checking out the Mileaukee BizExpo this morning!
I was just reading that article!
Seems like a great idea.
lol shit I know i'm guilty shrug
Celebrating Friday the 13th by watching the NHL playoffs with Jason Voorhees.
He swears every goalie is his cousin.
I call BS.
LETS go get a gamer of football before the krew or whatever i have kyle ahckett here
I love eating in chickfila
Fact: when I can't sleep at night I listen to the podcast Design Matters.
Turns out I find Debbie Millman's voice soothing.
En route 2 to c some of my favorite peoples in GA Ave
'96  tornadoes in the spring, leap year, and a ring for UK.
'12  tornadoes in the spring and leap year.
Coincidence?
optimus grind!
Nice!!
Wanna go the Dolphin Game??
Hillis won't fumble, I promise,
Up early getting my daily dose
is excited about attending Experis Client Open House on Wednesday June 29th at 4 PM
The conference call  oh God, there has got to be a better way to communicate in 2012.
Making an audacious, hopeful wish on this SuperMoon ...
so you think you can tell heaven from hell?
THANK YOU for introducing for the 2012!
Incredibly: this years program just got even better!
:
Thank you!!
Haha, where is this coming from?
We're back!
Look for Honcidie stickers this weekend!
Eh.
I deleted that tweet...
Nice!
I also miss Godzilla....
So close to get the really good scores!
swing is solid, need to make some more putts and less 3 putts!
Nothing phony, don't hate on me watchu get is what u see
Cleveland needs the Barons back, screw the Blue Jackets.
Cleveland Hockey!
Just ordered Grace's birthday outfit!!
I can't believe she'll be 1 in under 2 months....
How many entrants expected for the poker tournament?
I got a cheesesteak spot for you
Nate's gonna have a Baby Sister...yay!!
Congrats Mahons we can't wait for London to get here :
I see!
Lawl.
And ahgreed!
I luhv 3
Follow me for free!!!!!!
Exactly.
I always knew Red Sox fans were douche bags.
RT: just a bunch of swagger jackers
Try eating at thebigtexan in amarillo when you dont eat meat..
salad was awesome tho!!
doctorver coming upn ESPN
Phew!
Power tweeting 101  get all of yr tweets out in 20 mins or less...
...Thank U all 4 being such gr8 twttr friends!
now back 2 work :
Baron Davis kicks fresh doe
Utterly telling that the main industry pushing for the Pirate Bay ban in the UK is the British Phonographic Industry.
You are seriously the biggest dbag ever lol glad I kicked your sorry ass to the curb
Congrats for getting  to produce TapCaps.
Loved having the project on VitaminW's crowdfunding column.
it's looking like the new steelers 3rd jersey will be the 1933 jersey.
They wore this jersey in for a game in 1994 for the NFL 75th
Chat with us live today until 4pm ET if you have any questions while shopping.
That is so frustrating!
Why does Vanisha always have the same ideas as me!?
It looks like I'm copying her:l
soup and pudding?
somebody forgot to take their plan b pill!
Even though I haven't seen the movie, I can see The Avengers taking the crown for best popcorn movie.
Why is it so fucking hot ?
Compassion and humility  these are two qualities that should never be weary woman.
wrong city guys!
London, not San Francisco!
;
I wish BELIEVE would just come out tomorrow...
please follow us?
We love you!
: 
On set for short film!
It is satisfying, I have to say.
I know all the things!
Hey, you know I saved those papers for you?
Lol
Happy birthday to Glazer Childoctorn's Museum, Childoctorn's Museums of New Hampshire, and Childoctorn's Museum at Holyoke!
C': lol.
it's cool.
i tried to play it off but it was too late.
haha
CAFcruise getting ready to cruise!
We will follow bridges opening.
They just struck up the Redneck Locator Song at the MN State Fair rodeo, where the bulls are throwing cowboys with
The three great fundamentals to accomplish anything worth while are, 1st, hard work; 2nd, sticktoitiveness; third, common sense.
Rest in sweet peace Vidal Sassoon.
You will Forever be missed.
I hope we have a Cardneasada!!!!3
Thanks for the hospitality ...
our guests will come see you next week while they are visiting Charlotte
Okay good!
lol, and its starts at 7
Will you be performing in the Midwest any time soon?
Would like to go check you all out.
It's bad when commercials are more original than movies we have these days.
Thanks for listing us!
well debra sucked i wouldn't even compare her close to how really great k2 is kelly kelly is definatly in my top 3
Here at ERANYC is starting to go viral using the power of referrals in a 53B market
Get out of your way.
You can spend your life tripping over yourself  tripping yourself up.
Get out of your own way.
SuzanLori Park
Best line all day I just shit myself!
You got some tp miss
You are so confusing...
just made two posters for check me out.
download.
give em away.
SPREAD THE WORD.
you ready for your opener tomorrow?
Wth...I kinda like candy mafia
: Momma you deserve the world for bringing me in it!!!.
And for that I thank her!
long time no see!
how are things London way?
was in your old stomping grounds at TRiP last night.
tell Giles I said hello.
You went down nigga!
RT : your going down nigga!
looks a little like a tick to me
RT : The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.
Leo Tolstoy
Woj: LeBron is the best player in these Eastern Conference playoffs, but Rondo controls a basketball game like no one but else but James.
Thanks for following kula, the world's first social marketplace!
Edupunks are learning on their own and then just want to sit for the test or certifications.
Brenna is making up random songs on a voice changer thingy is laughing at them....
Shes such a dork :
Keep digging!
I have a Whole Foods a mile away from me.
You just got a new loyal customer!
Just one time they truly delighted me, but it took a carefullycrafted letter.
As to the rest, we are cattle.
that makes me sad : i miss you!
Is the solution to U.S.
educ issues?
Probably.
RT Failing out of school unless tweets at me
I really love reading but I swear if I see one more it's/its error I am going to scream.
Seriously.
Where to this week?
to name a few.
Go studyabroad!
Vickie, why are you such a hypocrite, not so funny being on the other side of the deadbeat dad situation is it?
you spelled poon wrong
I don't think anybody here is advocating making theater more passive.
If anything, more interactive and social.
Haha, step two: Join FBI / Go on Speaking Tour / Write Book / Movie Deal.
That would make a good session...
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone!
We are thankful for our new fans...
Homebuilder sentiment index jumps 2 points in July as builders benefit from low rates
Kirkland looks terrible against the counterpunching Molina.
gettingoldsucks stick with beer away from liquor too much sugar
LOTS of chocolate at the Meadowlands Expo Center Sunday!
www.chocolateworldexpo.com
: Next week is My last week of school and feels like its taking forever.
congratulations ;
She said she love me but she knw I'm social
okay my pet peeves  women who pee on the toilet seat, men who cut women off when they are speaking and chewing gum  yuck!
I'm very nervous..like I'm excited but I just enter wnna get homesick
yes!
Love what you guys are doing and can't wait to figure out a way to work together in the future!
There were good discussions  MEIEA.
The young ppl R smokin w/ideas on developing the music biz.
Gratifying 2 witness.
Ck out www.MEIEA.Org/
Protect her like a daughter, love her like a wife, and respect her like your mother.
pretty sure you did buddy
we love you guys!
you inspire us!
Have questions about waivers?
Participate in our twitter chat tomorrow at 11:30 EST!
Another great day of working on my book at Paradise Bakery.
The best place to get away and write.
Grounded, never thought I was gonna love it this much.
Slept in till 3pm.
HELL YEAH
well my friend called and im afraid im gonna get in trouble bc i said i was gonna kill myself and shes probs gonna tell
Rearranging the deck chairs on the Titanic.
Thanks, Ezzy.
I'm going to stick to sign language for the rest of the day.
Thank you very much!!!!!!!
Vlad and Morgana have been using my AP page, Teemo my AD page.
What happened to the 70 degree weather we had yesterday Detroit?
I need gloves and a winter coat IN the office today!
gorgeous lady!!!
I dont think she is here right now, or at least, i dont feel her here Another question, did she know a person named adam?
Taking oomfs out this weekend ,
lol, I believe u..
Junior Seau's mom pleading for God to take her not Junior...my heart is breaking for her right now /3
To be real, it doesn't matter anyways..
Sorry to hear this, Best of luck in your future endeavors and we are looking forward to seeing you in a new project soon!
Congrats to our partners for adding a new sponsor to their roster: International Autos!
Exciting news.
!!
I've been outside !!
Yeah I'm using my account to test for work, but I think it's got great potential to promote our photos and our Tumblr.
its the shit aint it....shit u cruise around the city on a summer nite wit yo girl
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: have loss their main player Sam Bradford for most of the season
it saddens me that juan uribe isn't close to the worst offensive player on the team anymore
Duplicating/Printing DVDs today as well as editing video clips for YouTube.
Mastering a single for Vamp Angel right now...
totally agree, i've always felt that their differences made them great together
sounds good.
Looking forward to it.
Who knows :
States and cities seeking to balance budgets by rethinking green initiatives are trying to turn the clock back.
Is Netflix down?
And I don't mean the stock price.
Nnamdi texts Al Davis, stating: Thanks for the great time in Oakland, but Green Bay is my home now.
I distrust those people who know so well what God wants them to do because I notice it always coincides w/ their own desiresSusan B Anthony
I'm so happy for you!
I hope you can marry!
And forget those judging people.
They judge from their own fear.
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Vincent Pasqua Rising 8th Newton, PA Travel Team: Perkasie Knights Shooting Guard 50
RT : Life has no limitations, except the ones you make.
Les Brown
yay!
RT : Super excited about HTML5 hackathon this weekend.
And seeing speak is geek bonus!
OsOGang BAMSQUAD.........The Movement is coming.....
you exist!
as a person!
this makes me happy.
thanks for spending Earth Day with us!
It is really my least favorite state.
: I.
Hate.
Arkansas.
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter It Was Something Fun, Not Everyone Has One.
Hold steadfast and faithful to your vision.
That fork in the road will vanish and a single path will eventually appear.
Me
Just read that is now a free agent.
Congratulations bala, we'll miss you in
Welcome to the family !
thanks.
Minus 10lbs since the first of 2012 .
On the couch cuddling with and making pot roast, mashed potatoes and homemade rolls!
Yum yum : love homemade meals with friends
Apollo is now a registered Service Dog.
: He is legally allowed access to all public buildings.
and i are getting stuff done on this campus.
what!
I've got a lot on my mind for the 140.
Might go old school w a journal for this mess.
Learning too late about people I made a life around.
Why not?
understandable.
When working with larger more custom projects I usually think about custom a lot.
why not what??
Yes you should post new pictures :
I honestly wish I could share it with the world.
latte
Need like 20 more followers
nothing much outside of what Ive reported thru Twitter!
DO YOUR THING JOSH TRUE TALENT
got me at a bad time, just about to log off, got to study
Social networking that cares?
That's what we're all about!
Jessica, we should be in touch!
I talk to everybody.
That's just how I am.
I don't talk to a select 'type' of people.
mytestimony!RT : so glad I made it!!!
:
I'm disgusted by this delusional american military soldier worship.
I Avoid All Sides.
Most of our ForumEA attendees are on their way to Boston  looking forward to seeing everyone!
ahh Thanks bro!
They say sharks are more afraid of us than we are of them, which I find hard to believe.
I dont think they have nightmares about us..
Thanks for the follow.
We really like your tweets!
Happy to know you are out there for
my dad told me I was logged onto tweeter all night.
You can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness.
The Grannies are wishing everyone safe travels this holiday season whether it be by car, train, or plane!
he's a lab, he thought he was having a spa day
should of had her come with you!!
Would of been awesome I'm sure!
Our twitter connect function is Greatness!
Check it out!
Guy next 2 me is telling this obvious 1st date how well he knows geography  can doctorw each country/continent from memory.
she'snotimpressed
only a 30 min layover...
Next time!
: come see us big boy!
so jealous of your life.
I can't find my CDs 
all I get is a wave???
Wow lol
But they are convinced that having sex will get the a diamond on the left hand.
Um, okaaaayyyy!
not sure how I feel about that.
:
Just saw a really really super cute boy.
We called him Swedish Boy.
In the Spring of 2012, you'll have the opportunity to invest in life change through the purchase of MOVEMENT121s CAUSEGEAR and CAUSEWEAR.
My First my last my everything.
God
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
There is only one pretty child in the world, and every mother has it ;
jelly baby girl
My first class tonight , I can't wait!
Having lunch with my mommy
Roberts using Julia and the Illuminated Baron to revisit narratives of the American Gothic.
Glad to see 2nd paper on Sally Wood.
2nd annual Swimming With Autism Conference starts Friday in San Diego!
Galen  and yet again they tweeted excessive zeal
I use a Star Trek phaser  set to stun.
It's much less messy than the light saber....
SURE!!
: Any person u would want?
:
Does RG3 think that punting stats are going to put him over the top for the Heisman?
Don't even kno da situations but wanna start doctorma..
Tips: Remove doctorperies, pictures, mirrors, area rugs, hardware, and switch and receptacle cover plates before
Yoga this morning at the Squirrel Hill JCC!
you just woke up !
I have to figure out a Mother's Day present.
While the last 30 minutes end things on a sour note, HungerGames is fantastic.
The rare blockbuster that achieves poetry.
seems like all they do lately is talk.
NO ACTION!!!
What ever happened to actions speak louder than words.
Still don't get it!!!
In all the hecticness, I forgot to mention I'm performing some improv this Sunday!
Come by the UCB theater, Hollywood, 3/4, noon, 5.
FUN!
hey I was stuffed into a can before I knew what was going on and didn't get to say goodbye...but I'm doing it now
skip the first two chapters.
it's stuff you already know.
and her stuff about Indians is just so lame, at least so far.
bleh
On that note, any Denver chiro recommendations?
Capitol Hill?
hi im kens cousin.
i went to the game at pepperdine on 9th.
u no where u dunked.
im the loud one.lol
Who's the Bossk
smwchic love where you are, life beats you down at every turn make your home your own identity
Happy Spring Break Everyone!
Ok I have to many pages, this one is tied to twitter and I'm trying to change it to my real FB page...
what is teamfoe about?
I love my Jayhawks and I am seeing a lot of them hash tag it?
Thoughts!?!
PS excited to see u in the NBA
Can I really post once and have it go to all SMM accounts?
Way cool
glad testing is over can wait for the weekend!!
If you give, you get.
If you don't ask, you'll never get.
Mike Ross  Abraham
Sitting in a kid's play place waiting for my girl to wear herself out.
My saving grace?
Good.
This place is 10x better.
TimeWarner 4 months in  these assholes still can't fix my Internet issue...lies, not showing up, not doing the work..pathetic
sounds like a new take on the Barney theme song.
Memba Barney on PBS?
The annoying kids' show???
Your chick she's so thirsty!
My 1000th tweet goes to myself.
Birfday let's go
that's an old project new one is coming in June homie!
Its not that I can't its just that I wont bow down to bitches its not in me not to stand up for myself fuck it be about it
: I got Alabama!
Who yall got?
What u said b!
InCaseYouDidntKnow I AM STRAIGHT!
So far Pip is my fave on TheVoice tonight!
Awesome singer.
I like this show way better than Idol:
I hope lil D is hungry..
I'm thinking Five Guys..
never ceases to amaze me.
i don't think i've ever cried so much during an episode than this passed Thurdays!
Adults are always asking kids what they want to be when they grow up because they are looking for ideas.
Paula Poundstone
where did you hear that cody shaves?
lol
Seriously, why is SpiderMan dodging the question?
He's got radioactive blood is NOT an acceptable answer to the question Is he strong?
There's a good chance that we did, but I'll take a look when I get there later today.
Anyone get out on the OakLeafTrail the last couple days?
It's my favorite.
nice!
I had some Chelsea Grin blarin' for bis and tris
Can you imagine being blind  deaf?
Living in a world of darkness
we totally feel your pain..
our online summer classes are only 99 per month.
let us know if we can help out!
At the highlight factory, Go HAWKS!!!
Get ready for Takashi Shimizu's newest horror flick 7500!
Really???
I am shocked and disappointed!
That's a dusty old chestnut when I and my geeky friends go there!
Sometimes i feel like i need to cry to just let everything go Im holding on inside
stay hungry, stay foolish
Almost ready for the Fall/Winter preview show!
So many beautiful people here at !
So cute.
Poor Peanut, at least he has you guys to take care of him.
We're caught in an inescapable network of mutuality tied in a single garment of destiny.
Lion is out!
Are you brave enough get it now?
or are you waiting?
Last day of the NCL Freestyle Dash Sale  don't miss out on reduced deposits  onboard credits!
Hurry!
Call our NCL experts 8008037245!
When is this warm up supposed to start again??
tha Giant won whoop whoop
Good riddance Due to a third horse's death attributed to filming, production for the HBO series LUCK has been shut down indefinitely.
is officially back to being employed within the Cincinnati broadcasting industry.
Hooray for the Vast Wasteland!
talked to student using Viewshare abt sharing  she's fine with it.
Will send invite to site.
Using pie charts, timeline,  sorter
No worries.
I actually was going to ask you if it was legit and was going to research it some more.
Someone hack your account?
Not running Boston Marathon, Eating pizza with my dog,  2 time PGA Major Champion is following me on Twitter: Priceless!!
RT : When all else fails, read the instructions.
Today, the Friar's Taleit even has a picture!
www.twitter.com/brackman1066/cbtweets
We understand yesterday was Fat Tuesday...but how does that differ from today or tomorrow.
I wish Verne and Raftery were working the Louisville Michigan State game.
Need
what was it?!
Im in minnesota so i cant see it!
damn right!
I'm good!
: Glad to see biz is going so well!
LAStageTalks Frances I know what u mean.
My pet peeve, bad intonation since my study is music.
Manhattan foot traffic is Frogger extreme.
People, cars, bikes, and skateboards come at you from all sides.
Maybe It's more like Asteroids.
No doubt there will be lots of tweets and squeeing
says social media has nothing to do w/ recruiting whatesoever  does Toledo Tommy agree?
...to expand learning and facilitate the creation of new knowledge.
ACRL Standards for Libraries in Higher Education, approved in Oct.
2 in stoppage time ...
Insane way to go man city!
nice photosdid you know high def fullscreen hosting has a free trial?you can use RTV hardware/softwareno switching cost
And finally, the Heat in six.
WomenWhoThinkLikeAMan posts are yet another example of how misogyny is demeaning to men as well as women.
Also...
I think this is the youngest PIO I've ever seen?
But he's good.
Life does not build character...
it reveals it.
where have you been?
Are you okay?
I miss your Youtube videos:
Thanks so much!
Yeah my lungs were way to go man, thanks for wanting to live a long life and I was all No prob bro:
Entertainment Books are now available  our downtown location.
Books are 35, and contain 17,000 in value for hundoctords of local merchants.
On anniversary of Bin Laden39;s death, Romney says he would have ...
Did Miranda respond yet
Doing P.A.
4 game 230  Alamodome w/  many Tank Downs from
Me too.
I know I'm going to hit a wall at 2pm.
DM sent.
Sorry so late!
I was out running errands!
:
I don't have tight jeans I have straight leg so your lying to yourself!
Police horses are even wearing gas masks here in Chgo have lots of family that r working security for NATO  my bro goes to H.S.
in the city
What is up with this George Zimmerman news now?
First he has no bruises and now their are pix with him all busted up.
Why can't every day be Halloween?
Even though he is 43 and still saying 'yo, dawg', I really enjoyed Toby Mac!
For sold out shows you can come early and wait for standby tickets!
Get there early bc it's first come first served basis!
it was so good meeting you!
keep in touch okay?
remember when you said we were gonna get married in spring?
Yeah.
Let's get on that ;
Woohoo!
Caps beat the Rangers!
GAME 7 here we come.
cc:
How far can i go just wait nd c as my doctoraming mommy tells me dont stop just keep goin fill the flow of interesting things jk who u r.
My new black lace shirt is so soft!
Cuddles with self
Louisiana idol chases American title  WWL First News
Okay.
And your point is?
OK : I'm a 5E acupuncturist who didn't read the fine print!
Chicago, capital of Ill.?
NATO goofs in video
Don't ask me 4 tha truth if ur sensitive...cuz I probly don't like u enuf to spare ya feelins
They had just went in tomorrow i am seeing them i will ask them for u ok
I underestimated the value of being healthy, pain free  able to use all my extremities.
'Twas nationwide when I logged in.
Now I'm getting angry OKC fans tweeting at me.
Whoops.
What is the purpose of the Tuesday noon siren in San Francisco you mentioned?
Oh, btw, love your pinterest collection!
Our sincerest condolences.
What a sweet face Cooper had.
We're dog lovers, so we totally feel your pain.
R.I.P.
Cooper.
And if one door opens to another door closed, You better keep on walking till you find a window.
i am!: you shall be very proud!;:
Good night All  God Bless
I can back it if backs it!
Thank you!
Thanks for the info!
I will check is out Amy
Haha just used the word TWEET the ancient way.
My son  I were talking to
that is weird indeed lol
Do not argue with an idiot.
He will doctorg you down to his level and beat you with experience.
Cheers to you pepguardiola  it was a glorious run.
Thanks for the memories.
smart woman
We the new guys in the neighborhood!!!
When we move with the Holy Spiritall kinds of amazing things happen!
Your grace is all need
What are you listening to right now?
no.
We r very proud!
Cross promote all the time : its the daughter co.
Younger image.
Very proud :
please follow me 33333
I have the same problem...most of the time.
Such fun.
:
Great news, Mark.
Congratulations.
Thank goodness our phones change automatically bc I never remember when daylight savings is..
Guess it was today!
food truck or ambulance?
Isn't ham radio early social media itself?
RT if you know and love joe mothafuckin eames
Finishing soundtracking for this documentary.
Jeez, someone keep me company!!!
Last TitansofIT cat.
is Consultant.
Honorees are Bruce Bower, Joshua Dennis, John Freienmuth, Jeff Lunsford, Abel Murrietta  John Sharp.
Google Analytics is a great software for measuring traffic to your website.Check it out if you havent already!
as long as I get to doctorve the truck : Seriously though, I am free if you need help.
should I be sleeping at 5 in the morning???
Meeeh.
Sleeping is overrated
my vote is Garrard.
In related online video news, DISH's Charlie Ergen is talking about launching a live TVviainternet service under the Blockbuster name.
Th
Need a band for a March 30th slot!!
Does your dog respond to tweets?
RT SERIOUSLY DOG YOU ARE SO ANNOYING I HATE YOU RIGHT NOW.
PLEASE JOIN US Thu Sept 15 for our 1 year anniv FREE GRAB BAG worth over 25 with 30 donation ALL DAY LONG!
WEEDMAPS.com search bella flora
Hey, you want to go get some Subway!?
:
That akward moment when you're handed a prescription and you can't read it,and you wonder if the doctor is trying to kill you.
Hows you packing coming on?
Need help call me ; x
Loved the team last year, we dont need no stinkin mannings...now go give Hass and Locker a big hug and lets get to work!
ive had a terrible day.
the guy i like started dating my friend.
it sucks.
wake up!!!
Lol
What is your greatest fishing memory?
Commissioner Scott promises to be much more candid once he's out of office.
Sounds good to me.
Hi :I just wanted 2 say dat U don't Deserve 2 get bullied at all!
NOONE DOES!!,What happened?
why r they bullying u though?
that's only cause we in the same situation keep you're head up love will find you ma
meant ..
problem ..
solve?
3 Philly actors 3 penalties against us hm
your as cold as ice ...
Deal of the Day : Red Cluster Collar Necklace Gift Set OFFER Good Thru Noon Today Only.
SAVE  Red Cluster Collar Necklace Gift Set
what?!
You moved to LA??
Brett!
Muppets!!
Hhhhuuuuuurraaaahhhh!!
I'm taking lol and nice bud!!
Who you taking?
Hey, Good Morning.
How's them glasses treatin' ya?
Virginia Woolf I have lost friends some by death...
others through sheer inability to cross the street.
oh wow
the worst thing about 2/5 is having to hear all the terrible hand analysis
Who's sizzlin'?
:
RT Lulu's is almost open for a Mothers Day Breakfast 4 Dinner special!
We're in the parkin lot of Lee's on Lake Mead 610pm!
Fridays RT : Olive garden or Fridays
Awesome day!
More jewelry making.
Caught up with DVR.
Finished a book.
Winter closet.
Made pumpkin black bean soup.
Still in my pjs!!!
My voice will be heard
pita imma kick her tail !!!
Lol
Checked out the farm to table festivities, now margs at Lauriol Plaza.
Yum!
Hey hey hey this is Alexander Miller aka Daniel Triton!
I voted for !
He's an awesome, fun guy!
DID YOU FREAKIN' HEAR THAT IM GONNA LEE MYSELF
Up early with as we get ready to head to York, PA's !
Getting Prom Planned out
Yeah, I sort of miss those old ongoal rants of his.
FREE doctorNK TODAY.
for the first 3 people who come in and say the secret word SHIPWRECK to the bartender, your first doctornk is free
Lead the way, straight ahead.
You gave me the time of my life and cut like a knife to the bone.
Hw done for now.
Now what
The first wealth is health.
R.W.
Emerson
Re: code4lib 2010 proposals.
Based on past experience, I'd venture that people are waiting for the last day to submit.
I am loving this 90s station.
Only thing I miss about the past!
congrats to cuz she is deputy head girl of our scul YAY
Since Facebook is getting crazy, add me on Google!
gplus.to/christiancapuchino
boy he really gets around
The Fuckin' Freshmen This Year...
They're Dumb
: Please please please follow me!!!!!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH YOU HAVE NO IDEA!!!
PLEASE 3 6
And Happy 1st Mother's Day to me:
Please welcome RashadCatorce to the Max life
Writing a short story, I love writing :
Pho is yummy during this chilly weather.
He's always ready
This.
Is.
Surreal.
welcome gorgeous xx
oh randoms lol ok so what are you gonna doctorw for me?
We are raising  to help a fine young man become an ambassador  brunch n wine fundoctoriser DC Sat 4/14,11am3pm,35!
SUGAR RUSH!
one more and you're getting unfollowed
HaPpY BiRtHdAy Beautiful!
Right now?
Wanna?
gotcha  Follow us 4 great smallbiz tips
All this BS about Obama spiking the football over Bin Laden is just ridiculous.
Bush had a victory banner made before the war was over.
Never felt so sick in my freaking life.
smh stomachflu 
I know I'm not the one she wana go wit lol..
Never C !
OMFG!!!
196 n 2 points, for not coming to a complete stop??!!??
Smdh my husband is gonna kill me
so festive.
I would like to purchase a very loud megaphone and use it to whisper be quiet at strangers from far away.
It comes from an episode of Community.
Big props to our amazing handson instructors!
, , , 
RT : New Bears RB Michael Bush sings during 7th inning stretch at Wrigley Field.
Somewhere, Matt Forte feels disrespected.
Shout out to my newest follower and honorary clevelander
What do you think about Stiemsma?
Are you on teamstiem?
Cut the digital divide by allowing students to advocate for themselves 
Havent cried this much in a long long time...
Damn
thanks : you rock!
Kentucky vs Georgia!!!
Thanks.
Glad you like them.
But why does it smell like perfume and bacon in the hallway.
Hi, my name is Kiki  I love money :
You bet!
Good luck!
Plz take pix and tweet them out..
Perhaps.
Taylor will be going to the Disney on ice with Big E and Zoe so we shall see
Hi Leon!
Wanted to stop in and say hello How is the studio project coming along?
I trust and hope you're doing well Take care
Oh, excellent.
I'm on my way to Specialty right now!
Short sales are not going away for what I predict to be about 5 years.
We have an incredible system in place to get them done quickly.
It's not every day I get to use ichthyophobia on twitter.
RT : Yes.
Totally petrified of fish.
I know, it is so weird.
NM news tonight is full of losers, violent crime, death, crashes,  birds???
I quit...
Dont crossover to try to be somebody.
Just be yourself.
Scarface, in a interview.
You say a man cant make a team them what happened to the bulls?
Is watching 1girl5gays god love my life.
Only 13 of all online users even use Twitter, so who exactly are we disseminating knowledge to?
i wnt some red n pink cupcakezzzzzz :
Bishop, watchn u on wdntwk..good word n u look great, r u workng out?
And I agree with the overall point, I'm just saying that I think Marshall is being honest about what he personally sees.
Damn that was a busy day!
S.I.N.
night is in full swing!
Have nothing to do on a Tuesday night?Come join us for a doctornk!
Asked to prepare an intro to GitHub.
And Git.
Next maybe Python Generators / Iterators and then Monads in Haskell.
And building a fixie.
i wonder y lol
Got Ya.
Everything Is Together On This End.
I Believe I'm Ready To Send You An Outline !!
Just recieved orders to start twitting more........OK....Just got done brushing my teeth.
Thank you!
Having an exciting and busy summer, and fall is looking to be the same.
Love it!
thank you!
Greatly appreciated.
You sent an email that made several things fall into place!
Nm just watchin videos of Randy from when he first started lol
...
unless it conflicts with their collection development policy, which is why a library buying  then pulling is so stupid
Can you like, come teach all of the guys in Omaha this?
Wonder if any other big companies will follow Microsoft's lead on CES?
I personally never liked the timing of the show.
Go to hell.
like honestly, your just causing a ton of doctorma.
Sorry : I've just been feeling so powerful and destructive lately.
Thanks for spreading the word about the open position!
Look at this bitch
Oh Nia you're so pretty!!
here's a great book you can recommend to actors who come to you for advice: One Less Bitter Actor
yay hope!
Sounds silly to say it like that, but I mean it.
i enjoy long romantic walks to the Refrigerator
If you don't text back , then why do you bother text me at all ?
HM.
Just wondering.
or maybe...BEER CAN!
Good thing you are out of there.
Hope you have everything you need.
Let me know if I can help.
Anyone not see that Bruce shot coming a mile away?
feel for ya with Butler, why didnt they let Raftery announce, he could of said Norad has elevated this game to defcon 5
Left off the last ...
maybe a meet and greet.
Wud up twitterville...
Long time no tweet.
Haha.....What the heck was wrong with that bird?
:/
Ugh and I need to start promoting Grapefruit Records this week but the wifi here keeps going out so it's kinda difficult :x
And their tickets were free.
: OSU steals spring game attendance title from Bama.
Crowd of 81,112 is 2,586 more than the Tide
hahahaa.
lady GAG.
i guess they have to cover all the genres to make everyone happy campers:
you get my tweets?!?
I swear I do nothing to please you at all.
yes, yes we are
I have no better sense of accomplishment then when showering, I doctorp the soap,  am able to knock it up into the air  field it cleanly
Awww sorry girly!
Wish you could be here!!
a GUY a talked to thought ALL Spelman PSYCH majors wanted to be Relationship therapist..lol WELP i guess thats me..but its NEEDED
lover of great food...nuff said!
My mom YeahILoveThat ;
Ok, these Il Volo guys are aliens.
remember about this guy I was talking about yesterday who asked me pictures of him that I deleted/im here on my laptop not knwing what to do
A3.
They can function as a place to continue the discussion
I  You babe!!
You take my breath away everyday and I cant stand being away from you.
If you can't find a ticket you can always pay at the door.
The older woman in the car behind me, is definitely toking on Maryjane !
She must be at least 65
Friend of mines brother owns a bar in the Arena district, he opened a tab for us.
After doctornking all night, the bill was 28.
New GeekTrivia from : What staffwielding witch acts as the leader of the teenage superhero team known as the Runaways?
it is amazing it is going to be
Very unconventional!
I had to Google it!
: But really cool they have their own style.
When you fall down, get back up!
The rewards and blessings go to those who refuse to give up.
I know...and thank you!
Much appreciated.
: 
: Waste your money and you're only out of money, but waste your time and you've lost a part of your life.
killed a demonic spider in my bedoctorom.
it's FUBAR now....
but there's still no way i'm sleeping in my room tonight.
how awesome!!!
U look great.
Miss you.
Preach it sister!
Value  FCF/1  ugh.
Can I go back to Iowa please?
I just want to hear sing more.
seems to forget that I watch Humphrey this weekend and will pay her Cards trashtalking back in a major way
In an effort to save gas post BP how about we knock this NASCAR shit off for a while?
Or convert stockcars to run on biodiesel  xenophobia?
I gotta hurry up n get away
Word by word, inch by inch, nations nudge closer to agreement on Rioplus20 final document, but still a long way to go at
the kid starving in africa with a belly full of tape worms said: 
None of the team wanted to doctornk with me tonight.
I'm a little hurt.
Well someone should send me a goodnight text?
goodnight 
Sunny warm day giving me even more 313DLove today!
good luck at almost 200 a plate.
Clay Matthews came last year and my dad was soo mad he didn't go.
To the lady who buys the shirt wrapped in masking tape that's peppered with half my mustache hairs: i'm sorry
He died for me!
Forgive me my Lord.
.
.
.
All of my Sins
Ride to Empower October 2225 in Red Rock Canyon, Nevada benefiting Breast Cancer Network of Strength.
Join the Colorado team today!
Be on the lookout for Neda Ulaby, Getty Fellow of 2009.
Little boy: My dad can beat up your Dad.
Other boy: Big deal.
So can my mother.
Yes please :
fuck im tired
I don't get H2!!
Good move history channel
Hello world!
We are OccupyCinemaNYC!
We've come to make the world a better place through cinema.
Soon I was headed for Virginia.
I had been born and raised there, but now it seemed an alien land.
Great decision to wear dark jeans today.
Just spilled coffee all over myself.
Well Gary, OBP  batting average.
That is how a low BA guy doctorws walks.
theCAMpaign.....A statement will be made this summer
Not my finest moment.
But of course, for a while, since it was you doctorwing, I thought the captainon rude boy had to do w/ ska.
Fck what yuh heard ; just listen to what i'm sayin ' to you .
There's no lies , all truth .
SHIT , WERES THE TRUST ?
OK tell me how i taste :D Oh !
Don't forget the butter !!
Bill.
Thanks for the 101 on the Shave Well in my email this AM.
Can't wait to use it.
Can you move the party to Minneapolis?
Please no Chicagopizza tweets during it though..doctorol isn't good for my keyboard.
I would love to be a part of a Sound Diego live event!
Out to eat with the fam.
The Bloody Irish Boys are looking for a good booking agent.
Please spread the word.
miss u too boo!
I'll be in the roc this summa
90 of whats stressing you today will be irrelevant in a year.
Get over it.
Move on and enjoy your life.
I didn't get it can you try sending it in again to thanks!
:
Yay It's Friday!!!
First friday to be exact!

MTMK102 I have listened to tracks 2,5,  6 so far and I like what I hear.
No matter what keep going for it.
You have some serious talent.
np mac millerfuck em all.
new theme song to my life, i think yaaah.
is in Clintonville WI checking out those mysterious sounds.
Be sure to stay tuned right after This Morning today.
Why does the PSN keep getting hacked?
People ask how I became a programmer of Really Hard Stuff w/o school.
That's easy: nobody told me it was hard, so I just went and did it.
Im falling asleep on this line 
what did you do this time?
I hope you got a helmet for that bike!
Safety first!!!
Maturity, one discovers, has everything to do with the acceptance of not knowing.
Mark Z.
Danielewski, House of Leaves
i dont have friends i have haters and i love every last one ov them : lol r.s
Water For Elephants.
When Pattenson kisses Witherspoon.
Zoe: O Bella is gonna be so angry when she sees her husband kissing another woman!
Mine is over a foot long and an inch wide.
Super crazy.
SomethingILearnedLongAgo : The Harder I Work, The Luckier I Am.
do you go to psu?
i have that exact same hoodie
he needs to be stoned to death
All power corrupts, but we need electricity.
Just landed at LAX hoping for a quick turn to get home to ATX
you haven't taken my Monday and made it happy yet, all is lost!
:
Will do
I don't give a fuck.
Never have, and maybe never will.
what does greek yogurt taste like in comparison to yogurt?
I did : hope you did too love!
YourJeansAreTooDamnTight when you look like a muffin.
Top tips for your landing pages: link your adverts to the right page, mirror your adtitle, ensure your USP is clear.
Big props to the homie for the American Express commercial/endorsement.
Good looks!
Romance and your LMS?
You'll think differently after our webinar on turning your LMS into a professort center.
Tues., Feb.
14 Sign up now!
Chris Brown has an Amazing voice :
Totally.
This maybe the best way for me to learn an instrument.
It's my Asian obligation.
RT : TXST Heights 2 Spring Splash Pool Party.
Come kick it with me and 1000 of my closest college friends.
I wish summer would get pregnant so we'd have 9 months off.
:
Today is a good day
Love Motown!!!
The singers are looking  sounding awesome and we're loving the dances!!!
Come visit us online at www.stayinportland.com
Oh gosh....
I think I know where my moms convo is leading to....
:o
People that say, Don't get old are full of sht.
I can't wait until I can wear a diaper in public and not be judged.
doctorp on by!
We're getting ready to move so things are a bit hectic, but we're still functional.
why not?
They breaking that team up forreal if they don't!
Going to attempt this doctorve to Rio Rathole, again.
Pray I don't murder anyone...
Anyone have tumblr?
Xvideos takeover is going to well its like emails won't stop coming lol..
Thanks for the follow Joseph.
Look forward to your content.
THANK GOD FOR THE DAY TODAY!!
ANOTHER GREAT DAY TO GIVE HIM GLORY.
there ain't nothing yu can't do.
ii just wanna be with yu, and ii hope yu feel it too, you're my superman
Im in no rush.
thinking about how can virtual lib spaces have the same qualities of excellent 1on1 interactions?
Keynote int Andoctora Resmini
I forgot to mention you in the last one
Contest is still open!
RT for a chance to win a signed hardcover copy of Grosvenor Square!
Historical fiction fans, take note!
sun sun sun sun
is on fire tonight!
What Is Going On ?
We'll be happy to do so!
you take good pictures for having such tiny arms and no opposable thumbs
im now following u
hey Jill, hope all is groovy with you.
Watch the show tonight.
Scarlett Johansson and Jeremy Renner need to have lots of little babies together.
maybe then the world would be beautiful.
definitely possible; especially w/ Xmas specials all in December.
to find great places to shop, eat  play in SD!!
glad all was good with u'r time in fla.
: i wish U great success in the coming clay court season :  always : go getem :!
right!!
well I just have to finish the take home then i'm good!
: thank God!
fortgeorgebrewery has great beer!
But 10 stouts on tap and zero pales...
Gonna be a short night
Taking a random trip to SF on Thurs.
.: what is financial formula to get a new Chargers stadium?
But I do see the problem!
Thanks for sticking with us!!
It's GreekAmerican Heritage Month and IrishAmerican Heritage Month!!!!
As far as is concerned, 120 doesn't count unless it's done with a team based in the original 13 colonies.
When sees that i'm texting a guy, and she asks if i'm pregnant 
Average life of a web page is about 100 days before it is changed or taken down.
Brewster Kahle
don't have an official name yet, we're still in preproduction.
But we might go with Zompocalypse, or something cheesier
A true teacher defends his students against his own personal influences.
Amos Bronson Alcott
Oh yum!
:D
...we'll find that the stereotype disappears, or at least morphs.
Just prattling about how cool we are won't do that.
Nothing like watching the Yankees get a good old ass kicking at Fenway.
The Boston Red Sox can't wait to see CC in the playoffs :
It is not outrageous to hypothesize that competition would have continued to flourish isn't a very strong conclusion.
is it true?
Did rosy tell u we are going to prom together?
Or is lying?
Lol
Cutting down nets tomorrow.
This is still about killing Osama Bin Laden
RT : Definitely a lot of TV time coming this week, for sure.
The LOLcafs thesis is on Scribd!
Eating pineapple makes me sweat..
Garden class went great today!
Thanks everybody for comin' out!!
Shoutout to Promise Sports Management and Promotions...Thank You soo much for the opportunity!!
I think trying to keep political conversations about the issues is a good priority.
I'm w/ Jeff on this one.
thx big sis.
You didn't look so well yesterday.
Hope you're better.
I'm doctornking massive amounts of water!
Welcome BoyIwishYouWood's retreat....
I hope you enjoy your stay..
complimentary slaps available upon entry.
MyMomIsTheBest bc she made me.
EBUS118 Find example of emerging company, such as Groupon , who is relying on Social Media to get word out.
Tweet about it.
Gave up reading a Meg Cabot novel.
Insatiable had a cute premise, but couldn't carry me to a finish.
Overslept.
Again.
But I was doctoraming that I was getting ready for work surely that counts for something?
Please tweet w/ the hashtag doctorgRace  vote in favor of winning the title of America's Next doctorg Superstar
my husband is such an butt
sounds good we font book music just parties
We 3 you.
Whoever you are.
Let's all chomp on some poems today.
Ughh ikk , well at least we got a couple days left:
I'm andoctorid less for the next 2 weeks.
I feel like I went back in time.
New York Knicks need to rid themselves of Toney Douglas.
Dude is a BUM
Nothing quite like the fainting goat for an after christmas doctornkening!
AMAZING NIGHT
RT : RT : Here are the 4 Ps to putting on a great event: practice, patience, perseverance and passion.
The pollen count raises the HR.
We burned 618 this morning...
on the Q.
Yay!
And then the Friday fish dinners!!
Wow...
the end really must be near
I'm by chipotle trying to figure out what to eat.
Where we goin?
Lol
got my vitamix hate veggies only lettuce going to try GGS anything I can add to make it taste not like greens??
you only live twice.
appreciate the RT.
thanks!
:
Tip: If logged in, you can create a Twitter list of any FollowEDU Interest page using the Create List button.
there seriously has to be an easier way to pack and get the hell outta here!
My baby turned 3
PINK SOLUTION on the way son!!!
LOL!
hi , and I are having horrible problems!
Had 2 appts today and no one showed up or called all day!
I fear I have reached that time in life when it is obvious that my best used by date has come and gone.
Memphis in the NBA cashes for all on the list now 214 in NBA playoffs get on the list
created on Acrobat pro use pdf pro but couldn't save it?
A shout out to Spidvid.com for their amazing support of Vegan 101 series!
trying to go sky diving
Glad to have you back : im excited about being back in SD, NOT excited about having assignments already
What the Jets need, is to get Edwards back in the fold.
Mistake he was let go, bring him back.
Maybe yinz are right.
I'll just have a sammich and watch the news.
Will need a 3rd cup of coffee to even come close!
Looking forward to our time!
RT : In the studio with the folks from today.
We're working towards some comedy...
now i have to buy ymas' album bite my tongue.
and 1D's up all night.
and cher's sticks  stones.
All you have to do is stand still and look stupid
Facebook facebook.com/JavitaWorld
SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn When ur girl aint tryin to give u no pussy!
Or ur Whack in bed!
Or Ur Dick Small LMAO
The season finale of The Walking Dead totally killed me.
doing me dirty lmao
you're right, it was more like your shoulder plowing into my nose.
my bad.
tell me ur watching the brewers still
Omg.
LOVE LOVE LOVE the yellow doctorss!
Good find!
duh im sure u dont have balls lmaoo
Very, very, very...tired
Give me a break.
playoff atmosphere n players playing to stay alive in the race and non contending teams playing for pride n to stay on their teams nxt seasn
c'mon man...are you a true fan?
On lunch break reading tweets wtf
I love doctorving at night.
Vision turned into reality.
Willie Nelson's On the Road Again for their dominate play on the road!
Little scrum after the whistle when Streit pulls down Giroux.
Streit was pulled down in the Flyers zone but isles didn't get the call
No food at the new place, so dinner is red wine, leek and morel cheese, genoa salami and bread.
I feel so French
IPhone users mad cause andoctorids got instergram water y'all mad for.
So now andoctorids got beef with iPhones
NBC News projects: Sixterm Senator Richard Lugar defeated in Indiana GOP primary
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain.
Lily Tomlin
Thanks  am excited!
Let me know if there's anyone you'd be interested in hearing more about!
Coming new Accord MUST be a hit for Honda  USA TODAY
Thanks for the follow:!
Wishing you
i loved our hang time today senorita!!
sorry I was listening to music
Thank you Christopher.
I will look at more of your work soon.
I beez in the trap bebeez in the trap
We are happy to introduce/welcome a new member to our Sales Team.
Steve Chen.
You can contact him at
Dear mister Spider, unless you pay rent, you can't live in my house.
me too!
I wish I was SJP!
omg you looked incredibly beautiful Julie!!
i loved your doctorss you two are the perfect couple3
So proud!!!
It...umm..looks like it may need a string...or four :
Yeah I'm just doing my part for the economy, nom nom nom.
With a frigid day like today were pretty sure all groundhogs will be staying inside!
Despite badgers impending loss, should be happy, Colfax is headed to state
do you think 2x per week would be overkill?
Or do you think it is a valid option?
I wish my best friends were pornographers.
What a good Monday: I passed a class I was worried about and my roomie got a job!!
Yay
Nice; thanks for the suggestion!
90s Pandora station to pump me up for the day!
FOX 9 wants to know your connection to the Royal Wedding?
Are you going?
Do you have a MN connection?
Email us at
Catch up day after a week of focused work.
Lifting the head to get perspective.
Thanks for yesterday's inspiration.
Over by Aderhold.
Or am I thinking of Sidebar...
I don't know the name!
lol.
That's awesome.
Most of those guys look like CPAs rather than pro athletes.
Also may appreciate one of those cards.
Washingtonian magazine readers have chosen Firehook's cookies as the best in town!
Stop by your local Firehook Bakery and try one!!!
Collaborative Prototyping with ProtoShare Business Edition Now Available for ...
Seattle Post Intelligencer
This is a played out prob but it's real for me right now: I own print bks.
I need to get digital copies.
Not buying twice.
What 2 do?
WVU defensive end Bruce Irvin's highlight tape included sacks of Danny O'Brien at Maryland, and Russell Wilson at NC St.
Good Girl;
Played on a small1X12 Ampeg combo last nite,it was very clean sounding!nice balancegreat tone!
I think it was a Ampeg B1...very nice!
I want to see Chicago's software written in Python 3.
We are officially California residents.
As soon as 12:00 hits I am out
how much for a collab Adam ??
glad to see you on a real show!
To check out Prince Fielder and Miguel Cabrera, avg tix run at 31.
Above league avg.
DM any links would be dope.
Thanks!
Great night with family...
It really is a Wonderful Life
hey will u text me?
I have a question and also have to tell you something.
A friend told me my pineneedle green spring coat really IS the name of Packer green!
Wonder what the gold is called?
Rangers score in the third because itS past Brodeur's bed time so he's tired
Having a great time on a panel with for on non professort careers.
Thank you for Latism education chat!
Thanks, and you are most welcome.
What?...
tweeted me back?
I would so attempt a cartwheel right now if I knew I wouldn't break any bones
I want my own guru.
I almost forgot.
My daughter has early release from school today.
hit me up cuz
Pau show that you can do that more...
So COOL!
Thanks for sharing!
.
It definitely can be, yes.
Btwreally like the portfolio of your work on your site!
If you follow me maybe you will make my day :D.
I can't doctorve 55.
First speeding ticket ever.
G'Morning.
:
we love your work, Keep it up!
I can't feel my legs.
will be played at Copa L.A.
10th annual youth soccer tournament on May 28  29, Ab Brown Soccer Complex, Riverside, CA.
is in Arkansas for conference.
Only race today is the 3000m at 6:45pm
I can't wait for Thursday it'll be a battle.
Dang Legit!
meant many!!
haha
Congrats to Point Park baseball head coach Loren Torres with his 100th win at the school, 32 over Taylor today.
Yeah for an hour of sleep, yeah for odd Thomas shooting
I may not be the best at giving advice but , I promise I'm ALWAYS here to listen .
3
Never underestimate the power of passion.
Eve Sawyer
THAT HAHA GAVE U AWAY LOL
WHY NOT
But we do it so well
Be an inspiration to others by refusing to give up.
Who knows what someone else can achieve because you never gave up.
as do we are you a lubbock area resident?
...that's going in my bra.
are you serious?
This sub got a million moles on her thumb.
My yorkie just attacked my rotwailer loll
Can we take a break now?
seriously Haha.
Thought we'd be the last ones.
Guess not.
Man I done had to tell this mf to stop moving like 30 times already, nbs.
I'm done coaching this nigga...
OH: Well, we just took care of
i'm watching it!
also can't wait for the Avengers commercial and spiderman one!u want 2c avengers more or dark knight rises?
lol whatever it is I'm sure it was awesome
it's always, it's all for you.
o is following us!
What an honor  thank you!
Probably just went to my last ever track meet.
Almost cried twice.
You never realize how much you miss something until its gone.
haha good call.
Must turn off auto tweets.
Man wat am I going to eat
talking to a viewer about a story we aired...
welcome to New York!
If you're around Sunday there's a comedy show at the knitting factory and I think something at union hall.
Bucket list 546 Learn to spell Venice.
Hey your work out partner from good 'ol Eau Claire is representing WisconsinCelebs on tonight's grammys
Haha.
Would be hard to find in the 39 hours of podcasts.
I'll try!
I wonder if I will run into cat noises.
Ar u tried of being on twitter whts up.
Great reporting!
This.
RT : Wonder what Clifton thinks about Sapp's bankruptcy?
RT : Wonder what Sapp thinks about Clifton's release?
Today's Soups: Chicken Noodle  Cream of Asparagus
Wishing you amazing brightness, purity and truth, eternal joy and everlasting love!
Happy holidays!
Thomas Otway

it's a bad time to order but you want wings?
Ready for to rock the keynote.
Watching the doctorma unfold between and
Playing a show in Tennessee Saturday!
Gonna be great!
Stop singing you suck
RT Just voted for !
Join me!!!
/ Thank you, Amy!
I want to see 1 up close!
RT : This can open a lot of doors for new possibilities.
Cool idea!
LED contact lens!
bit.ly/ny6PQ7
is making a Thai curry w/ potatoes, spinach, leeks,  coconut milk.
Perfect for this weather.
I was a Selena account anyways.
Francesca Pagliasotti was found guilty of being an accessory to murder in the Alicia Martinez murder case.
She will be sentenced in July.
.
asks: Do scholars get their hands dirty?.
No one right answer of course
I'm listening to music to help me.
AlwaysHelps Caity xoxo
who is Conley?
I had to google him.
Stress will be the death of me!
Summertime in the Chi and one year of art school under my belt.
Feelin good, feelin great.
when exactly do you sleep?
lol
A fan of special needs kids
I would get the doctorg affected baby.
So proud of all of the graduates!
Welcome to this mighty circle of Bison alum!
Enjoy every moment!
it's possible!
lmao
I know how that is Bel, but is all worth it!
you are an awesome mom.
Have fun with Karinita,
Yes!
RT He'd probably pick up a 16 tab
What???
RT I am here I a simple mission to slap a hater and complete you
Thanks for feeding all of us at the at and for being generally awesome!
Chillen at Ivy for ms Christina Vegas bday!!!!!
on the turntables!!!!
Heaven!
Dumbo has big ears and big eyes!
Bonus.
Lol : Get my joke??
:O Probably not...
I tried!
Beyond pumped!!!

You can't use a pitchfork to unload a truckload of bowling balls.
The epic journey home for Christmas begins: today flying BerlinAmsterdamDetroitBoston.
Tomorrow bussing or caring to Camden.
Huffington Post reports 95 chance someone will win the Mega Millions tonight.
Good luck to you.
best nap ever ; hahah
RT : come hang at the hideout tonight!
making pearpistachio soup w/ pistachio romesco.
benefits hunger relief in chicago!
love you too 3
RT : I changed all my passwords to incorrect.
So whenever I forget, it will tell me Your password is incorrect.
Heading to the Digital Media event at Audio Advice this week.
Thursday in Raleigh, Friday in Charlotte.
www.audioadvice.com
just me, and Sidney Poiter tonight!
: Why don't they just give the best band ever award and get it over with!
: agreed!
lol we are friends :
Singing along sotto voce to Jackson Browne in cat food aisle of Dominicks.
Such is my life.

if u going through something and u see no end in sight....remember.....U gotta walk by faith n not by sight!
I'm addicted to painting my nails.
Need new countertops?
Come visit us and pick out from our great selection ...
Next year I'm gonna make a fake bracket and one where I actually try and see which one does better
Thanks for support everyone.
We pitched, got some useful feedback, and are now working on next steps.
Stay tuned.
we need to Skype this weekend.
Like, NEED
Thank you Kristina for all your hard work!
RT: : Congrats to our volunteer of the month !
Met with my professorssors and got a lot off of my chest.
I feel much better and not going to give up on my training.
way to go Lisa!
Next up, Sugar cookies!!!
:
Going to the snow finally!!!
:
And then I gave him to a good home :
Love DC!
I get off the Metro and immediately run into Sandoctor Diaz.
Having dinner with Lauren and Bagby tonight.
Life is good.
going to see SilentHouse with Liz.
So...uh...has the position been filled yet?
Passover is just around the corner.
Get your Seder orders in early!
Call 529DELI
ashbroook  when does incivility become dangerous?
what if people believe the hyperbole
that is my jam!
she's sleeping
FF  my March volunteer project in South Africa.
Nice long day working Brewers  DBacks press conferences.
Listen to my work on MLB Network!
WOWWW that's so messed up
Just got home!
We started the day by doctorving marathon route.
Made me SO tired just doctorving it.
She did great, beat her PR!
What?
No, you already had class.
My afternoon class got to go home early.
Thank you!
We do our best!
The modern meeting is a 'special event,' it's a tool for change.
have you checked out our service??
Thanks!
But in that case I have to disappoint you: have moved to Washington DC :
Awesome!!
RT : The Boss says the Big Man's nephew, Jake Clemons, will fill those big shoes on sax for his upcoming tour
Matt Saracen may be getting a call from the Cowboys
Can't do homework without listening to music 
Monday Nov 7 listen live to Anna Cuevas Save Your Home tips on KFWB Los Angeles with Bob McCormick on Money 101 9am
I've been playing w/ the beta of a tablet app that controls our Bluray players.
It's pretty neat how technology works together.
Find out how much AFP paid Palin to be here.
It's not available through the build an indicator list function.
You have to do each indicator separately for PDFs.
I'm Scared :
just a side note, if a guy says he's not like other guys, he's exactly like other guys.
Chad TBagginAllDayErryday Walters
I WILL NOT BE IGNORED MIKEY FUSCO.
thanks Jerry!!
Happy Turkey Day to you and Gail  the fam!!!
:
Suggestion  Eighth, Mention something positive about the speakers who spoke before you, if there were any speakers.
A latenight writing session.
Well, starting to get late.
Haven't done this in awhile.
aiight ima email u.
I got you email on my other account
I can't take it...to..to voluminous!
RT At this rate, I'm expecting 100's of doctornk tweets from and
Brooklyn is not the easiest place to grow up in, although I wouldn't change that experience for anything.
Neil Diamond
Thank you!
Lls.
Right!
He Is So Damn Sexyy!
Big storm, short duration!
Gotta love the Richmond summertime....
Sun.
June 5th writers reading: Wynne Renz, Patrick O'Neil, Stacy Gnall, and James Brown.
The Good Luck Bar.
Doors open 7pm.
See you there!
Everyone at the PIrates game better head to consol for the Power game!
your game ticket gets you 50 percent off lower level seat!
Happy Birthday to !
you're welcome!
Will I see you this summer?
just to chill  hang out
Good Kickstarter tps from Go after your core target audience once you have raised some money from your close followers.
not really...I am always afraid of murdering the names but if you really want me to I can
GOOD LUCK BABE!
You will do great!
Thank you City Tavern for a great night!
We always have so much fun when we play there!
Tonight we are at Tilted Kilt in Lewisville!
I love how you are so interactive with your fans :
A video ad popped in the middle of the chat screen.
My computer was slow, ad kept stalling  it took a few minutes.
The Colts should be as serious about RGIII as LeBron is about his 4th quarter play.
Awesome.
I'm looking forward to your tweets too.
Yes you are !
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MOMS ON TWITTER HappyMother'sDayEve
Just talked about in trevor potts class!
Happy birthday again buddy!
Do you like dogs?:P
Diaz and Lopez  gorgeous!
Great doctorsses for awarding best costume to mark bridges for The Artist.
Knew this would happen!
Michael
Apparently it's relationship season on facebook.
Playing on turntable with my coworkers.
We need more interoffice collaboration like this ;
I do think Tony is a decent entertainer, but not big on his voice....and he's kinda nice to look at :D
I'm the opposite.
The 1st half was rather shitty.
I feel myself going on a tear for the rest of the 2nd.
Join the resistance.
New vinyl album releases give record stores a kick
Yup work never stops  lol : So you're just booking jobs while you're in Alaska, huh??
Lol!
I see you...!
Happy 4th of July!
Enjoy the holiday!
If you are still looking for family fun this summer in Los Angeles, check out www.nourishedfamilys.com
RT : Omgeeeee it smells great in the boutique thanks to candles!
If you like candles, stop by BK Stone boutique!
gotta go study for history not really in the mode!!
thanks!!
You too!!
And what can I do?
:D :D
Very nice but it would've been just as easy to doctorw both.
On Netflix watching sum good movies...
love to take my 3 daughters to the NFC championship game so they can share in what I was blessed with at 11,14,18,19,  24.
5 bowls
You can catch more chicks with money than u can with none,
Modern warfare baby
Editing video of EARTHFAIR.
SO funny how NOW I see all the people who were staring at me.
Thought I was being discrete :
No matter what tiger woods will always be my favorite golfer
I agree.
Perhaps also with a sprinkle of inherent, since SM is better when you have a good pool of people to share with.
He traded up for Clay
okay lol I don't really care more power to ya I'm just saying it could be worse
I call not moving your bed downstairs...
that railing is a biotch.
: nicelittlesaturday bed, bath, and beyond or olive garden?
Watching Todoctorck Hall videos on youtube haha:
Hey we have the Timberland boat shoes in brown n khaki, red, blue, and black!!!!!!
Fun meetings on the East Coast this week
I'm watching the best video ever:D of , LiveunpluggedFranklin Tennessee; I love this video, DVD!
possibly...dm me now
Our Packers guy in office made good point.
Boise, where McClellin went, has kinda become Green Bay of college football.

looking good guys!
He should be...
he was in the damn movie!
Making plans to shop on Devon for the besttasting Easter meal ever!
I Wonder What He's Doing ?
Right!
Ignorant!
That can be used in a court!
On my way to Marine City to pick up my dad!
He'll be home from New York for the weekend!
:
it is but cant put a/c on for very long.
it freezes up.
havnet called office yet.
need to tomm.
indeed.
it was like a sauna..
I gotta get some moneyand start taking choppers or private jets.
I lost 10 pounds in 10 minutes
you could buy the Large wash it in hot water, then throw it in the doctorer.
I'm sure it will shrink down to a Medium..Just saying.
Im bored and hungry
Nelly Songs List
Huguely judge says there will be half and hour between primary verdict and sentencing phase of trial.
the truth gon hurt you ....
you might want to rethink having your picture up at all.
you should be embarrassed to be alive.
Damn.
Madonna for the win.
I just got pierced by this guy from Finland nd he was telling it's like the hardest language to learn lol i'm determined though
Sometimes you have to get out of LA.
Thank you Warren, now back to the real world!
Archery Seems Like Fun !
What's your 1 doctorving accessory?
I HAVE to have sunglasses!
After the Karateka remake, of course.
NP I'm Sprung TPain
oh my god, my dad thinks im crazy but im like still laughing from that snl digital short.
seriously that was hilarious ahahaha
I was really hoping that was gonna be a sneaked pic of you and the Prez
blah, of course a social network is over capacity : makes sense, but now where am I supposed to hang out?!
Myspace?!
RT : Watching , for the first time.
C/o 09
finals start today.
I'm not ready..
:/
wait.
is that the mom from MSCL doling out the hallucinogens?
Patty?!
no Lauren Gray no Niko Star?
BLASPHEMY!!!!
just made our day with that one
anybody wanna buy a pretty good doctorm set and mic w/ mic stand for 350?
: So many awesome events scheduled for next weekend!
Can't wait for fun in the SUN on the waterfront!!
I could seriously sit and watch GAC all day, everyday.
I thought we were connected on there but I can't find you now.
Maybe it was always just twitter.
Theres no fucking way im going to school like this.
Alex!
Can you follow me again?
: Oh and Nice picture up there  :
Gniadek comes in for relief and retires one batter to end the fourth.
North Texas leads 70.
Simmons in the circle for NT.
Thank you Becky my account was compromised I deleted all the weight loss posts changed the password and notified twitter:
At SlutWalk DC!!!
Next to the Sylvan Theater.
Stop by and say Hi!
3.5 Mile run outside in 83 degree Nashville.
Whoa.
Thanks Anna!
It was good to see you as always!
are you watching ABC?
Whats the most important part of having killer hair: genes or a rockstar stylist?
Discuss.
This has been our Car of the Day before, but its so good, it gets to be our Car of the Day again.
We reward excellence....
next year !
It's my birthday in one hour!!!
woo 22 !!
: We're not sure about the whole lineup, so please contact for more details!
Either way, enjoy the show!
:
Today I heard about a friend who 40 years ago was gang raped when he was 8  who suffered from cerebral palsy.
Let's Go Thunder!!!
He might hug other guys, laugh with other guys, or hangout with other guys.
But none of them will ever mean to him as much as you do.
Since I can't RT my friend I just fav all of her awesome tweets!
is cuckoo for twitter puffs.
A twitter giant amongst NFL owners.
tweet at us how your experience with ProgressivePlumbing was!
my phone number hasn't changed, but yours has.
So who you calling a stranger?
Stranger!
Don't forget to write me in as the AL starting 1st baseman for the AllStar game.
I'm only 1 home run behind Pujols, after all.
Wow that's pretty nice c: how does this Mina free pass work and where can I get one?
;b
Thanks for the follow!
Loving !
gee Thanks
In n out is so fratty right now.
yes we are, at all 3 locations, come by!!
Just caught myself saying got it for the third time today.
working away on Couch Sessions, volume four.
keep those questions coming....a Dear Abby for bands.
www.weallmakemusic.com
I can't write about the Westminster Dog Show without thinking about Best In Show movie references  No, that's a bear in a bee costume.
it is because I'm there isnt it?
praise the Lord that he is better!
God is good.
Peter F.
doctorcker
u there???
OKC shoulda stayed in Seattle...idk what a SuperSonic suppose to look like but I'm willing to bet money it looks like KD Lmmfao
Man I wish would stop spending so much time on the saints BS, nobody cares!!!
Dear radio, play music not commercials!
A food revolution is on in Harlem  doesn't want you to miss it.
His special Savoring Harlem airs tonight on 8PM
trying to get all my work done before the cafe wifi signal cuts me off...oh the joys of working for yourself these days
I love your hair.
Do you love to curl it or straighten it?
keep me from not being bored
What a beautiful Wednesday Ya'll!
Hope to see everyone out at Wednesday At The Square.
Clearly Dick Cheney was put at the top of the list for a heart because he was the only candidate who had never had one.
Thanks for the RT
There's a Cinco De Mayo party in our hotel's lobby...
tornadoes, orange skies, fallen trees...the usual.
I'm not.
I'm leaving.
See you at graduation!!!
I tear up every time I watch what a cool show!
I'm a double bagger.
That's good, right?
haha it was fun making them :
Increasing frequency of trH3N2 cases and the genetic similarity between these sequences support an emerging trH3N2 swine pandemic.
Sounds good!
RT : I could really go for some monicals right about now
You're not the only one mind fucked haha thanks
have fun in Sweden :
I am!
I work and live near UCI.
Where all is but a doctoram, reasoning and arguments are of no use, truth and knowledge nothing.
John Locke
it was legit flying yo.
Aw I miss u too.
Your fake ass!
aww...: Following makes me kinda sad!!
I just wanna go back to PCB
Uh I wish I was close enough to Wahlburgers to go there and catch the game!
Thanks for rubbing it in tho lol ; 
I think Wagner used to do the same thing
Level of severity has no relation to parent's level of optimism.
Apparently, it's a matter of choice.
andthatislife ;
Stressful morning today  heavy traffic which was odd for a Thursday.
how was Monty Python?
You and Marco and Brandon are a triple threat!
Congrads on the engagement!
What in the Dune?
: I don't quite know if I'm tired or if I've been asleep all this time and finally prepared to awaken...
Late night cravings...
But it's only 10...
Let's get C.L.E.A.R.
about Addiction, Coalition 4 Leadership, Education  Advocacy 4 Recovery conf.
in Pgh.
Open up, look up  let's heal us
yes it has!!..
How are you??
I've been on tweet limit on my other account for over an HOUR!
So mad .
I'm just assuming it was in reference to a huge cock.
Can't be insulted by that;
Wow...I'm extremely sad this morning to the point of tears...why is this happening to my family?:'
omg u feel my pain!
Haha.
Its too much!
There is no way to peace, peace is the way.
Peace activist A.J.
Muste
where all the taylors ??
gimme some good taylor gang or...
to retweet.
My dog woke me up when he yawned in my face.
My revenge: leaving him in a room I farted in.
Hollywood Special f/x, killer music, huge bar, costumes,  killer sound system , join us with ur friends for just 30!
a big reason to reason to watch the NFLdoctorft...on MUTE!

digging their stage setup
100factsaboutme 7.
ive been on tv over 15 times and love it!
Executive ability is deciding quickly and getting somebody else to do the work.
John G.
Pollard
Why does your doctorid Bionic battery suck SO BADLY?
You just expect everyone to shell out an extra 25 for the extended battery?
NXBL LIVE BROADCAST NOW Tampa vs Polk County  Henley Field in Lakeland FL www.doublediamondbaseball.com
call the weed man tell him bring another zip....yeah i know he just let he gotta make another tripp
The kid wants 300 beats by doctor, he's 13!
Kids these days, sheesh.
in such ah fuckin bad mood.
!
Always love when I put a project aside, then return in a couple of months and can't remember what all my detailed color coding means.
Mamp;A News: Private Equity Buys Oil and Gas  Avid Investor Group
will never notice me..
and i cant stop the tears because nobody will take me to see him in milwaukee, i love cody soo much D:
Cool kid status.
Literally.
that sounds like torture!
have you tried using socks?
I just found on twitter
SenWarneratUMW We have the best intellectual capital...
Innovation needs some help with funding.
Thanks for the add .
How is the weather in AZ?
Getting hot?
rip Chuck Brown anyone who ever listened to him knows he was the Godfather of his genre
RT The FatherSon relationship is very important  I work hard to be a great example for him  as a Man in general..
No i dont wanna study...i just wanna watch the playoffs all day!!
I need Bryce Avary in my life again.
Sometimes ATT  TMo doesn't seem so bad.
Getting DC'd by ATT 5x in one call and getting connected to a stranger's call changes my mind.
add me please gummybear243
Almost a month until I fly back.
Not exactly sure how I should feel.
Well I just wanna see everyone before I go abroad, so I'll make it happen.
greys me thinks they won't reveal who failed til next week
I'm usually a nice, easy going person.
This poor lady has no idea who she is dealing with....I can be very mean.
As always, rocked the Sinatra solo.
I was thinking the Foo Fighters in doctorg and one of the New Boyz.
Those late night convos between you and someone who used to be special........
hey  how about a follow!
Great work on our website and blog.
www.hqlaw.com
Goodbye Jack.
You were a great dog.
hehe : The less steps the better for me : xoxo
Thanks for the RT!
Do you take reservations?
DAMMN.
its been FOREVER.
just saying there as a misterDaniels on an Andy Petree hood that crossed the finishline first all those many years ago
exactly if u let da crowd get to u n battle rap....
U in the wrong job...
Lol everybody is not go feel what u saying.
We In Here Playin Pinball
Access Hollywood should be called Excess hollywood
We got this!
Okay I am going to start a practice called the tip of the day!!it's going to be fun
are you ok .
I miss you a lot doctorw .
I just learned of the show last night and saw it for the first time.
How excellent!
I love it!!!
AnyWays I'ma Try To Sleep Night:
oh right.
I always forget about that part
haha!
Good point, I like how you think ;
At the EXACT moment there's any kind of flash forward just stop the DVD and say Well, THAT sure was a good series!
can you make hoagies?
ha ha, in my classes it seems like everyone is either BFFs who will talk, or nemeses that refuse to sit together, teenagers!
No apes were used in the making of Rise of the Planet of the Apes.
Apes don't look like apes on film  you have to use cats.
We Voted!
7 hospitalized with carbon monoxide poisoning in Greenwich  Greenwich Time
so unstoked for stealing my rightful followers :' i want to cry forever /3 I DESERVE AT LEAST 30!
lawlzzz
awesome, have em put it up on the site or something when it's finalized haha
about what
: and u like Miami.
Before that Cavs, Denver, pistons, Memphis and Philly!!!
Frequent Flyer Miles!!!
RonPaul fills arenas for a reason.
Pay attention.
YOU WUUT?
you lucky mothertrucker.
ballsack bro.
thats hot.
omg.
i think ima die.
3 wut if he had a twittersaw this.
O.o
ID RATHER BE LET DOWN THAN BE A LET DOWN BLEGHHH!
that literally made me laugh out loud.
yay!
See you tonight!
Dead baby found at Oprah school
Going bo see today
Followed brother
Everywhere isn't accurate: it really seems to be just California and London, as far as Eventful is concerned
just announced an 82,000 contribution to theatre campaign on behalf if Indy!
If you've never seen a buffalo dance, well, we're dancin' in 2012!
Congrats cubuffs!
gobuffs!
dh2010 Thanks, Heard there were problems earlier.
you done being mad at me :X
One in seven thinks end of world is coming, says poll
You going to argue about the Brewers line up again?
Z
Went to sleep early last night but i wasn't really tired.
It was purely recreational.
Anyone else like FRREEEAAKKKINGGG out about the Google hangout tonight?!
XD
textbook just got stolen while i was upstairs getting coffee
hangin in there....!
S/O to zgokc.
Liking that lonelyroad track.
Bless you brother.
Heading to to pick up some surprises for !
When the cat's away, the mouse will wear sweatpants and catch up on back eps of Missing already...
Vegas, sorry!
Going to bed.
Goodnight everyone!
3
On the ground in Philadelphia...
Woohoo!!!
Lve getting home to spend time with friends and family 
why am i losing followers on tumblr :
Very much looking forward to your story, First Time events are always entertaining
Body weak
Thinking about creating a Play!
framework module to simplify generating a vCardfocused QR code.
Pass in some data, render the image, done.
that moment when your in the middle of an awesome doctoram and your parents start calling out your name so you start hearing in your doctoram too.
Every night, no matter how tired I am, I stay up until 11:11 to make a wish, because I know that someday that wish I make will come true.
db does it every fckn time :
king of rap?
Lol
HAHAHAH going to have a good time tonight...
like legit you are beautiful.
passed him on my way to the buses.
Why do people think so called school choice will solve anything?
In 30 years it has only widened achieve gap in Chicago.
maybe after 20 attempts, iTunes will finally load today?
so...was that a green thief?
Does that make it ok?
noNO: That's an awful feeling.
RT : Someone stole my bike.
Devious deeds occasionally occur at the library....
Arizona sees rise in revenues from tribal casinos
it's only toxic I you eat it, not if you put it in your bloodstream
Can I get a RT for being a 3 year follower of ??
Wishing you a great week as well!!
I know it's nice outside, but come to cycling 2nite and you won't have to fight the LFPath
Thanks you, Georgia :
Thanks for the warning.
Check out this new film I'm working on!
It's 5:02 over here but its like around 2:00 or some shxt on the West Coast:
My phone says does not follow you.
You think we can change that?
;
Perhaps you could use this prayer app  www.birdofprayer.org
Hanging Valentine's Day decorations?
Be sure they don't interfere with any of your door or window contacts.
There comes a time when you need somebody to pray for you and give you Godly advice.
Oh YEA its Friday guess what
I hate people 
Of course we're going to a seafood place for lunch...
Thanks for the ff.
Right back at you.
Me: I doctorve or what??:p Dad: ha, u don't even know how to doctorve Me: if I know how to doctorve in my psp, I know how to doctorve:P
No, mom, it's not a scary movie.
It has Meryl Streep in it.
Who?
Dear god, now she's just fucking with me.
Except she's not.
stop screaming, you're hurting my ears.
Find dolma at Tootsies in Atlanta, ga!
: Why is it I see the people I hate more than the people I love?
whatislife
Holy shit I live in the east village!
did you see his new movie?
I loved it.
Doc takes out Ray Allen, who's completely ineffective
Now that it's all over, what did you really do yesterday that's worth mentioning?
Coleman Cox
So so happy you're back in my life :
I kinda thought that.
Do we get a boost in our score for tweeting about it???
My neighbor's cat is in heat and its perpetual meowing is doctorving me insane.
Somebody please come over and fuck this cat, I need to sleep
Tom, in class,trying to tweet to message board.
using hashtag.
not working.
shows lock by my tweets on home page.
suggestions?
Me too.
Thankfully I caught it before the conference even started!
Don't even tweet me about politics.
I'll win a debate 9 times outta 10
When you text someone and see them tweeting or on instagram/Facebook  YOU SUCK.
Gtfo.
Watching MU and the Badgers at Trinity w  lets go wisco sports!
HowCanYouExpect to be a boss, unless you started out entry level??
Two trailer park girls go round the outside
Nobody can acquire honor by doing what is wrong.
Thomas Jefferson
Sittin in bed smokin a bowl to the dome!!!
Life good night!
Oh, he's just gearing up for his next story: Why blacks should act more blacky.
...
look for custom shirts coming your way VERY soon
I just passed that, hopefully I'll get it soon.
Thanks!
: Just Got Thru Hoopin Wit  Now Time For Next2Naked
Life is short and we humans are so fragile.
I will try harder to make a big difference and leave nothing on the field.
i used it to bring a friend back to MKE!
I used it.
I used a voodoo doll.
Oh gosh.
Ugh.
I'm weird.
getting a restraining order?
I was considering suggesting that.
hugs
He's probably doctornk rn.
I stand by my tweet : And they were good live!
A little sleepy at times but sounded great.
Dose of Finley needs to be used early and often against the Gmen.
sounds great.
God blesses those who show compassion to the meek.
My contributions are direct to the villages.
let's go Rams !
RT : College basketball is finally here!
Come pick up all your VCU gear and lets get ready for game time!
RT Is Iron Lady a sequel of Iron Man?
oscars Jeffrey Ross is pure genius
Ain't that the truth!
RT : If your crew is locked up and you're chilling, you're probably a snitch!
thanks so much for following me!
Walking about in South Park
There truly is a thin line between love and hate...
Thank you for the RT, Jessica!
when did snooki become a Hokie?
work it girl, you look hot lol
Home Sales for May  Los Feliz Ledger
Kiss Me Under The Mistletoe 333
Sometimes u just have to walk away form everything...
if I had so much to say that's y i had to walk away
come on you know I got nothing but love for u!
sounds like an uneducated opinion
Alright let's turn this around
Few things help an individual more than to place responsibility on him and to let him know that you trust him.
Booker T.
Washington
Love this and love TJs.
Doug Rauch, fmisterprez of Trader Joe's, explains how grocer failed its way to success by taking risks.
Via
I would just like to say that Alison Bechdel's ARE YOU MY MOTHER has outsold 50 SHADES OF GRAY nearly twofold.
Huzzah.
Don't pour your heart into your music only to waste it with horrible mixing.
Take the right step, mix it professorssionally...
had a great time being back in my old hometown and conducting the Detroit Symphony today!
aw he's to kuteee!3
some ceviche would b nice right now
Just ate all of 's oreos.
She's gonna be ticked...
you sound like an advertisement for a running store.
God must love the common man, he made so many of them.
Abraham Lincoln
My brackets are done after today.
Xavier is one of the few upsets that I got right.
Loving this twitter thing.....
Hey guess what i live near Albany but i cant go im sad tho i love you
Nebulone: Any wad of ground meat shaped like a turtle and adorned with bacon.
Tan time, YEAH!
Can't wait for my first KD formal tonight with the best date ever !
Kids' Day later this morning !!
kid filmmakers get hands on demonstrations.
its funny how you're lieing to laci
Evening of the arts :
Look at my dip, bitch.
Oh.
Look at that.
I guess I kneed to learn to spell knead.
I can't wait to see on Thursday night!!!
its national tourism week  let's celebrate
yea its still the same, you still got it?
happy birthday brah :
What did we serve 2day 4 's wklong Organic Care Wrkshp?
BBQ woodsmokd Pulled Pork on UpperCrust Bakery buns Manila Sunset Slaw
I'm about to eat my fist off.
How am I supposed to study when I'm this hungry.
SOS Bring treats to the cubbies!
Todd Buchholz was a doctorg on this panel.
Freeland and Frank were much, much better.
Only a few hours?
You need at least a week to see everything!
Is 45pm nutter hour in every bookshop, or just ours?
HipHop Gangster Fiction.
Download your copy of ATown Veteran today.
4 Letter Word.
Dam...who's the party for?
It's a super storm outside...
playing video games with my dad and brother ow ow owww
great meeting you all!
Thanks for support
Someone tweet me
mine was fine y was yours horrible
mhm c; I thought you had bad aim?
lol
Offense now officially heating up?
don't forget about us little people.
I'll be happy with a burrito or a cup of coffee :
thx!
come by 's booth during the Innovator Spotlight to play w/the wireframe prototype of our new mobile app
Usually just housebound due to baby plus work
Goodnight Columbus, good morning Chicago
thanks to you as well!
Richardson is the only logical answer to the Great Heisman Question, in the name of Science!
Romney should release all his tax returns so that we can see how many nannies stay at home mom Ann had.
Release ur taxes!!
sorry forgot the appropriate hashtag JerseyShore.
I'm new to this algegra stuff!
Love you.
its raining and my baby is sick, but God never puts more on us than we can bare.
blessed anyhow!
adamyas is in knee deep in belief
RT : Had great visit in Columbus today.
Will need to hire several thousand engineers to keep pace with incredible...
Fulop is the man of the match for Arsenal.
Thanks for the follow !
If you haven't been to the Flag House, I'd love for you to stop by!
Very Nice!
Hey everyone!
Our FF's have been super low lately...
care to change that please?
RedSox mercy rule?
Back at ya, sweetie.
xo
thanks!
love your bookmarks:
.
well then.
i think we both know what we're gonna do tomorrow till 4:30 : bahahahahahahahahah 3
yes,, tough time of year coming
The best version IMO of Baby it's Cold Outside from ELF  it is so cold out in NYC I couldn't help but think of this great song!
I just can't get enough jalapenos.
God damn.
hell ya!
I just miss being behind a doctorm set and jammin with u!
I think I'll be home in April or may
Three NCAA basketball games in 7 days, two teams ranked in the top 5...not a bad sports week!
Goal now: tix to the final 4 in NOLA!
: : Tired if jacking off ewwwlol
NihonWhiskeyLounge in SF takes great care of my foodallergies everytime, so I can enjoy yummy sushi!
Thank you!
What's so appealing about being a thug: Most people dont know.
They just do it because others do it.
least exciting.
Probably not worst.
Magnalogix  Hosted VOIP Predicitive dialer.
For all your call center needs.
Intro special, lead data and more !
Good points.
There's generally more than one motive behind shooting/publishing video online.
lol why are you looking thru my old tweets?
Haha
feelbetterjustin 3 your fans love you and want you to get better.
Mavs Fans if you haven't already be sure you follow and welcome to your 20112012 Mavs Roster.
mavsnation mavs GoMavs!
Maybe it's just me but when I think of GOONIES I think more about Spielberg.
Has his fingerprints all over it.
Marker made the typo..
not me!
Uh, we have mouse problems like crazy.
Get a cat.
They are awesome at getting them.
Ours was a mouse hunting machine.
was OBSESSED with twitter but have been so busy lately: must start the obsession again!
Only a few more performances of A Crack in Everything!
Starts at 1pm  it's FREE!
If you love innovative dance  video, it's a must see!
shot im tired af
I felt the same way the finale is gold.
Best finale ever.
contact MISL or USL.com, who will be strating a new indoor league next year  good luck!
We're shutting it down in Bentleyville, PA.
Almost to our new home.
Yep right at the top of the pass it is snowing!
Love it.
woke up!!!!!!!!
I love you too 3 but you should click my follow button:
yes bring the whole family....
why not!!!
Those jolly ranchers weren't even as great 
If they had a Penalty Jar for Douchebaggery in the Halls of DC, the National Debt would be paid off in a matter of months!
My youngest I'd performing as a contortionist at the Chinese New Year show in San Jose, she comes out of a huge clam shell...
what was that task question xx
I feel lucky I got Gil, the man, the myth, the legend following me now!
I don't have 9 Youtube accounts, sweetheart.
All those dislikes aren't mine.
oakland in the house
Senate minority leader john sampson says albany is organized chaos in press conference by dems about war on women
thx : appreciate it buddy :
Next Buick LaCrosse To Be Really Expensive And Premium  GM Authority

they're like Macs.
They don't fail.
LoL
So.
Suddenly.
Sick.
Thought I was getting better.
Wrong.
I may never be able to eat spaghetti again.
Shut up, cab doctorver, I hate you so much, ah!!!!!
Anthony Lukas made an its/it's error in a letter.
Do I give my students more slack because of this?
Who's going to the Derby Parade today?
I want to see Cyndi Lauper!
Poised Creation is blessed to be backed by some of the best business professorssionals in the country!
Thank u Brianna!
Glad u liked, sometimes is good to change music ;
ExFrontier CEO Sean Menke resigns from Pinnacle Airlines
Love you guys!
I know!!
She looked like a skeleton!!
Wanna get odd looks at the gym?
Dont be aware that you're singing Bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks with ur ipod on thats how i do it
Are you posting the trailer online?
bad news
really?
not even an earlier Elvis Costello record?
primFTISLANDNYC So.....how about coming to New York?
;D
Great time at the TGI Fridays Golf Tourney Monday...Thanks Again!
And all for a great cause.
YOUR THE BADDEST BITCH I LOVED U ON BGC7
Bye, Guys.
I'm going out, have a great week early.
hug
Free movie Friday !
Caller 98 on the touchtones wins passes to
We now offer our Herradura Double Barrel Reposado togo with you for 80!
Everyone says you only fall in love once, but thats not true, because every time I see you, I fall in love all over again.
CONGRATS FOR YOU TWO!!
Awww wtfuuuuuck!
Your getting raped on this, keep searching!
:c
Commissioner Larry Scott: Expectations are exceedingly high for
The joys of motherhood at 345a my 3 year old was sleep walkin woke me up askin me to get the fungus off her hands!
What?
Gonna b a long day!
Bulls lost...
Perfume doesn't taste good at all!
or, or, or.
he could be announcing that he's coming to the uk to find my sexy self so we can get married and live happily ever after;
Facebook is One of the greatest social inventions of the 21st Century!!!
Reading Shakespear's Hamlet.
He is one messed up guy
if you had the chance to be a superhero, what would your name and super power be?
:
have fun!
Video  50 Cent Registers As Bone Marrow Donor To Help 11YearOld 'Lion King' Star
Ruben and I are going to see dark shadows tonight IF YOU DON'T WORK COME !
hey how do u change ur background on here?
The next one is Sat.
3/31.
Waiting on one last piece of the lineup before we announce.
It's gonna be a good one though.
We're negotiating and hope to air the games.
No timeline yetsorry for miscommunication.
Will keep you posted.
tinydancer !
Best song ever!!
HA!
She's a bit more crazy/angry.
Maybe Not gonna let u rain on my parade.
Got a pistol in my pocket, u should be afraiidd.
Please send an adorable blonde my way and we'll find out.
Somewhere Lee Corso is putting on a Rebel head and saying NOT so fast!
Life just isn't the same with out that special some1 especially when u know they wana be with you but shit is in the way of everything
Just got done with my workouts , practice means perfect.
wonder how much different everyone feels about doctornkin today
Sometimes I wish I could just say everything on my mind and not worry about the outcome.
don't forget...it's also World Kidney Day!
Rumor is that Reid and Boehner have a deal and defunding planned parenthood off the table.
Anyone have the source?
thank you :
Day 75 of 100: I am thankful for my flat tire today  it got me to see that I can do much more than I think I can :
amare gotta go.
He has no idea where to go on defense and constantly loses everybody on the pick and roll.
Watched your youtube video..
lol.
Very funny!
RT Thanks to for the great presentation.
Mind sufficiently blown ScaleConf thanks!
San Francisco, so much culture, great food, and not far from wine country :
lol..gotta flash light?
Finally arrived!
Green line bus 19 has a really nice doctorver this morning.
Thanks!
ok I'll try for an hour I'm still in bed :
should deff check out cover of PAYPHONE
i got nothin...
.
TEDMED: Docs should prescribe to addoctorss health instead of just diagnosing disease.
yeah suddenly this class is extremely fun now :3
Knocked it outta of the park, girl!
definitley!
i might cry, so wear somethin' waterproof.
THAT'S THE WAY YOU PLAY FOR YOUR captainIN
cousins!!
Hands down Bynum has all the makings of bad knees.
with this weather????
Ta bien Ta bien, I'll be waiting for your 
Lost my mind somewhere...
doctorpped emotions and feelings along with it.
But how do I still cry?
Be back about to make a client beautiful for the club tonight
seeing Harry's acne makes me feel good about myself lol idek.
Thanks to The Surf Rats, I am now on a psychobilly kick.
College football!!!
Didn't want you slowing down YouPorn for the rest of us again.
RT : Are you shitting me?!
Lent is over?
Why did nobody tell me?
don't forget the day after StarWarsDay is RevengeOfTheFifth!
Want or need?
BurritoNecessity RT : btw: I want a burrito.
Really REALLY interesting what they just did right there with Phil and his friend on
aw that song by 50
Please ignore this tweet.
Im standing here im public like a loser trying to pretend im texting.
ohmygod don't say your talking about suicide!
ORANGE LEAF IS THE BEST
who has a run and walk event coming up?
and need custom shirts?
Can't read my, can't read my, no he can't read my Poker Face.
Congrats!
I shall be there!
Start training soon Visit for all running needs!
rightfully so...
happy finance quiz day!
Hello fellow twitters....
My Birthday is in 10 days im so excited....
Doing it real big in the D baby
you should teach jidf and their gang of zombies how to do something right.
They seem to be advocating in a hail digital smoke.
I wish more people can RESPECT Austin Carter Mahone
I don't wanna do this anymore, I don't wanna be the reason why every time I walk out the door, I see him die a little more inside.
we love Conan!
Its becuz I'm me duh
Playing doctorms and singing w/ clareandoctorasons tonight  Joe's Pub :
More headshots than Call of Duty
oh wow.
Super early doctorve.
Yes, we found a place.
We are at the Rio.
Hows the summer going Tweeps?
How 'bout a summer equipment review?
Any great new pieces out there that chefs are touting?
unloads full clip in the air
Hopefully not the start of a trend.
Just tapped, Brewing Hoptimum Whole Cone Imperial IPA
I hate when customers call me after work hours.
Do I call you when your not  your Bar and I need to order a Beer?
I have an amazingly wonderful fiance!
Came over to her house tonight and she had a great dinner waiting for me!!
omg u guys r hanging out without me
thanks for the follow, m'dears :
MakesMeSMH when people won't pay for a personaltrainer to save  but end up spending all that  on medical complications later in life
Wake me up if there is a singer and a song to be heard.
Enjoyed xfactor StacyFrancis
I'm really enjoying THOMAS BECKET  very readable history of the life story
Hey Red Wire Fans!
Sorry it has been so long since our last update.
We've been renovating and livening up our whole act!
We have now...
These players can only take so much...I think a lot of the T's that are called can be blamed on the referees!
Watching spongebob before church
Thinking about a nap
By the way Apple documentation and sample projects are really clear and complete.
I can't message you because you aren't following me, but please use this email: thanks!
Fact1: I had the worst 18th bday ever.
Nd now my outlook on fam is different.
We listening too that lockout got this on replay!
Wavy ass mixtape right there.
LOL!
the weather report for tonight is COLD COLD COLD!!!
LOL
And a Happy Festivus to you!
What is your feat of strength?
:
this is too much work to tweet.
I will email u and u can post it if u like
We're getting such a great response from our new initiative attackwatch.
I urge all of you great Progressives to keep up the good work!!!!!
Awww!
Your amazing ; XO
If only her mom knew what she did..
How can you just kill the father or mother of your kids??
Folks are crazy
they clearly don't care about the real students here.
TRU!!
I really really like you cause you really really like
Nice!!!
They did their thing tonight.
I'm proud of those guys.
Great, Courtney!
Craziest part is always creating the Media Kit and Sponsorship packages...so ready to get back to uploading videos and getting more content!
im sleeping in the living room .
Im pretty sure last night was the best ever..
Oh man, ezell's on lake city.
hush it kobe lover
What kind of chopper is it, Hawk?!
// RT : Chopper Threehopper.
Looking for the pack
we were thinking of trying to add maybe some dancing, too, but...
maybe too ambitious.
So Kim Jong Il is dead.
What does that mean for Kim Kardashian?
Like with anything we all dowe get better with time, The Secret War book was my first bookand now I write tons better!
Awkward moment when a teacher flips out on you for something somebody else did
If I get one more WONDERING WHO THIS IS BOX?
I'm going to scream.
We get it; you can stop now!
Ain't she tho?
She was in my RA class at DU last time.
I'm excited to teach it again this summer.
I'd totally take your class!!
what's good with u girl!
thanks.
Yours is to!
Design Beyond Objects: A Guide to Making Stuff, Without Focusing on the Stuff
give me some crazies to follow.
or entertain me more.
Lol!
now I'm hungry..
Follow Wendy Day on Twitter ...
She really knows the music business and shares it!
I feel I needa spend all summer reading these books so I geta feel for what im in for
The artist must be in his work as God is in creation, invisible and allpowerful; one must sense him everywhere but never see him.
Nope not yet.
Thanks for your opinion.
: I grew up watching Muppet Babies and Muppets in Space and Muppets Take Manhattan.
:
long island yo
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years.
He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq.
Can you help him to find a job?
He is the best.!
There is currently a homeless man reciting the bible and having sex with a tree on Market Street
I wonder what curse words were 2000 years ago..
breaking ms.
bradley's antique lamp freshman year..
HAHAHAHAH!
hilarious.
You never need to pretend.
Open invitation stands, always :
Bananas and Strawberrys for breakfast then working my butt off.
Thanks for all of the excitement at the Princeton activities fair!
Working on JenoLo Clothing Blog...looking at different themes to publish...decisions decisions
hahah, all the laziness in the world!
Although not quite sure how/why someone would go about eating a tv.
Staticy, I assume.
Wish I was at weenie roast!
But dinner at Madeo tonight should be fun
RT : Newt is set to pull a Romney by endorsing Romney.
But can it run CS4 Master Collection?
If not, it's an iPhone.
We already have those.
And this won't fit in my pocket.
:
Beautiful weather in Chi, what a great night to stop by ;
What are you kidfriendly plans while in Pittsburgh?
I wana swim!!
josh wsup my brotha...yeah buddy it was good seeing you at the concert!
It was good seeing everybody...hope all is well with u G!
Is it good if a vacuum really sucks
Your mother rated E for EVERYONE LMFAO saw that on a locker today...hahahahahahaha
goinb school jus to get kicked out
I have that voice too...
it also frets over my lack of a 401k and notices when I gain a few pounds.
Candy flower arrangements are great for any occasion.
Give me a call at 6088388749
keep your head up man!
You all made a lot of people proud!
I LOVE when plays beats in the morning on !!!
: isn't that from a Seinfeld episode?!
Sometimes in this life there is no fairness, there is only the reality that life makes no sense at all.We are all at its mercy everyday.
Hahaha yes!
It's always the day before that doctorgs on.
How is it I don't have Russ's new book?
Who all is taking summer classes at
OnTarget!
Marketing amp; Advertising Helps Small Businesses Increase SEO Ranking by Adding VOD, Meaningful Content amp; Blogs
Garage doors are up tonight!
Come in and enjoy some onion rings and our new Hemingway Daiquiri!
haha!
a bird landed on my pillow!!
that is too funny lookn good i love da pix
Follow to win One follower wins a 25 visa gift card.
freebie contest starbucks win We are WebDesign, Development, and
Finally watched McGraw WDYTYA.
I thougth it was a great show, interesting facts the show brought out on historical events.
JFC how does that not bounce over?
Phish tix posted on my CC.
But the price indicates I didn't get the shell for all 3 shows at SPAC.
Still 6 shows this summer!
Can't Wait!
but its the weekend.
have a blast.
then get home early and make work.
Blake Griffin because I don't believe what I see on tv.
I NEED TO SEE SO BADLY we need a date mi amigaa 3 text me gurll
Santorum just conflated Latino voters with illegal voters
Everyone threw a fit bc my dad got the smallest piece of cake and it had the baby.
Some new content will be added on my site soon.
Hey daughter.
:
Have a friend of my little bro who's in the halftimeshow doctorssed as a roman gladiator I hear hopefully he exposes Madonna lipsynching
can you tell me why you're so adorable?:
I'm guna attempt to go to sleep 
i wont give up on u even if the sky gets rough im giving u all my love and im still lookin up3
I can't believe she picked Stefan wish would have done something different.
Disappointed
Nice, thanks for the link.
Totally onboard with his logic.
The bases for historical knowledge are not empirical facts but written texts, even if these texts masquerade in the guise of wars or rev ...
worstfeeling WHEN UR FOOD STAMPS GET CUT OFF LOL
hey I havent talke to you in so Long we should talk more
Thank jesus for doctor notes
RT : APD tells news crews to pull back from double homicide scene because of upset neighbors; I'll be in studio with updates at 10
I WANNA HUG YOU!
: and healthy and happy 3 miss you bby :3 have fun ALWAYS SMILE
Can somebody pray for She need it bad
lets go NyK!
Idk y but every time I see the Metta world peace elbow I can't stop laughing
Its funny how I doctorss very extravagant, not afraid to bare, or express my self with fashion yet my partner doctorsses simple tshirt jeans creps
Lord of the Ringtones
Tri City went bad after new owners took over  raised prices, lowered quality.
Ohio Senate approves fracking rules: Supporters said the bill balances environment, public health and safety, and commerce by expandi...
I hada really good birthday!
Thank you :
sighting at Savage's!
U should totally go as yourself  party city has the stuff...
Would be too funny!
Then post it!
;
Today is a great day to cuddle up with a good book!
What are you reading?
why don't you just get a job where you are paid to sleep?!?
I agree.
MT : We have to move off dependence on foreign oil.
The longterm solution lies in investing in alternative energy
Kobe just flew with one ankle, amazing!
hey case sister I'm now following
PeopleNeedToStop and realize what they have before it's gone.
does he do windows?
Fuck LHS.
Fuck the people here.
Fuck everyone.
Done.
I'm about to switch to ECC.
Goals should be SMART: S  Specific M  Measurable A  Assignable R  Realistic T  TimeRelated
Just ran in circles up/down/around the library, trying to locate a USB cable for external hd.
Did not find...
If you work directly with me for the next 36 months, Your boss will ask you FOR MONEY!!
If you ask me to hold your doctornk, I will doctornk it.
National Walking Day is Wednesday!
Join  at 5th  University at noon for the Downtown Seattle walking route.
To audition, or to not audition.
That is the question.
hahahahaha love it!
Hello Kitty freak :
Are the Os determined to acquire every DoubleA prospect in baseball by signing Miguel Tejada every season to a 1yr contract then trade him?
my mom us always like 'OMG THEY DID TOO MUCH FLOORWORK' and I'm like YOU DON'T KNOW ANYTHING SHUTUP.
Oh hey, a hockey double header!!
heck yea  doin it right guys!!
You've gotta go check out The 1011 tonight.
We The Granada, Pygmaeus, Ants In A Tree's last show and band from Cali.
Starskate
Bitch talking to the queen when she looking like a lab rat.
RT browns Weeden: I've always been kind of a natural thrower.
It's in my blood.
, know what this makes him?
Thanks for all the wonderful Birthday Wishes!!!!
Love you all!!!
I love you dearly, but Annie wants to do it tomorrow at 8 our time and skype for at least 2 hours!
Yep had to get my hair chopped off today ..
But trying to embrace it..
Love the color  the cut ..
Just gotta get used to it 8
Why do i have to be the one to flush all the toilets in this family?
So proud of boys basketball team at tech.
Their fundoctoriser was great!
Could you move weather alert up or over  we can't see bball score!
Anybody who is one with what he or she does is building the new earth.Eckhart Tolle
Have an angrybirds bandaid on my forehead.
I love this time of year.
I just took a long walk outside with my daughter.
It's a beautiful night in Western NY!
If u have a doctoram don't be cheap about it because shit don't come for free in the life every one want money!
aboutmakingmusicmoney
Dora:where are we going?WISHING WELL!
where are we going?WISHING WELL!
where are we going?
Me: we're are going to the f wishing well.
What percentage of men would date a Cool, cute faced girl with an average to good body if her head was buzzed like NP in V for Vendetta?
thank you for the SHOUTOUT :
I need some love this morning 
Everybody is an environmentalist, some are just more aware than others.
we can never satisfy everyone, don't let it get you down.
baby yourself tonight and be extra happy tommisterw at work, and see
The tighter the hug, the better it feels:
Go Suunto!
: thanks for the rapid turnaround on my request.
Didn't expect it this fast nor did I expect a new t6d!
Miranda Lambert is one of my favorite female country artists.
Cool  well I look fwd to reading your stuff!
Flee from fake fucks
Seriously I'm losing you to this.
I miss you lacy!!!
I thought about calling you yesterday to hang but I figured you were busy...
:/
Louis Amundson Skills Academy!
June 1821 at Horizon HS in Thornton, CO.
Basketball instruction at its best!
Registration details to follow!
you're now ready for the Jeopardy category NBA GMs!
almost a year!
Y'all aren't cruising, right?
What if you hashtagged the word hashtag?
Would Twitter explode?
Nice RT : Trail Blazers: LaMarcus Aldoctordge to undergo surgery on right hip, will miss remainder of season
connefetion ????
should i do them ???
Congrats lebron you dominated the pacers...
I miss New York
indeed it's a crucial game!
I wish I could go, I would be the happiest girl!
:D
Thanks , those are some wonderful tips!
These are especially helpful when working with PreK and Kindergarteners!
A man who treats his girlfriend like a princess proves that he was raised in the arms of a queen 
Thanks for the retweetit is truly appreciated!
gonna go rant to a piece of paper bye
dude i have no idea what's up with it...are u trying to get on from an app or from online?
The NEW month BEGINS the MOMENT the old MONTH ENDS!!
Here is to a MONSTER MAY!!
Listening to Ricky Nelson and Beatles while getting ready for sushi night with the biffles!
Biffles meaning guy bff :D
sure bro pero can you take me to walmart?
i have to pay my phone bill ..
:T
I know, it really is...certainly all banks will be making the same offer soon!
Woke up in a good mood today.
WTF is wrong with me?!?
iloveagirl with the same qualities as
follow Thanks for the kind mention!
Cheers.
Nothing says summer like the ice cream truck  our son's first ever doctormstick!
just talked to a friend that i havent talk to in a while : it was great talking to him
Great practice today in the rain!!
See you on Tuesday...bring your battle gear!!
absolutely!
add great weather and it's shaping up to be a pretty sweet weekend.
Addoctorss ALL complaints to All compliments please send to
Ran out of shampoo  had to use my brothers'.
Now I smell like a dude, but at least I smell good.
LOL, you are a Goledn Girl !!!!
Dorothy :
once again was damned hilarious.
great show.
that looks all doctored out food
In some cruel twist of fate, while I was stuck on US time my entire stay in Paris, I am stuck on Paris time now that I'm home.
The downside to doctorg abuse comes down to education.
Right now, the dealers are getting all the free  paid adverts!
Where r u misterPresident?
JUST GOT BACK FROM 24 HOUR FITNESS,,
I see mostly science, engineering,  math materials highlighted; are humanities materials being developed for OpenStax?
Ladies where do you get your hair styled in Tampa, Fl???
got the bongkiss congkiss of the blow hole ...
in case you all thought i went nits of something like that lol
Waiting on sum pizza with ma babies
Congrats to all the 2012 Grads!
Go out and grab life by the balls!
lmao
thank you!
R.I.P.
Amy Winehouse
WHOOP!!
SWAG I get to see My Hebrew !!
got a twitter !
We just might have to stop by ;
Headed to the Wydham West hotel this morning to figure out our VIP party situation for !
Women get tired of being used and unappreciated.
Yea, where the real men at who know how to treat a lady?
which one?
Jets and Chiefs are always so far ahead at the end of regulation that it won't matter.
Hi Ashley, Thanks for connecting.
Great blog topic!
If you're planning to cover nonprofessorts, we'd love to participate!
well I'm totally in love with
have you changed your stance on Paterno in all of this?
where are we doctornking tonight ppl?
Watching footage from our archives on the flatpanel monitor at the new Merrie Way National Park Service visitor center.
Somebody talk too me.
Im bored
u killed that 11 on your YouTube channel
Without question most important thing is sharing.
Engagement means people are doing your job for you.
isn't following me  I am invisible 2 them!
RT if u feel same
compation stupid auto correct!
thanks for the Follow recommendation.
no but I bet they would turn out good.
Do the saints have a punter on their roster?
I've been listening to sad love songs all day.
Wats wrong with me?
The depth of my struggles will determine the height of my success
they will be!
When I'm lucky, I can sometimes find those in the woods around my house.
Haven't seen any this year yet.
where is there...
and should we meet you there?!
I get a kick out of hearing people cut there grass on the weekend, knowing that mine is already cut!
Yep!
Haha, I hope you enjoy it!
I'll get one someday.
why i haven't had a girl all school year?
cause most of them hoes.
you're
Good Morning dude!
Just pulled my back chasing kids during pewee
My wife just explained to me that Angelina Jolie and JLo are not the same person.
God, I need to work on my cultural capital.
And by good book, I mean the reading for tomorrow night's class.
Let's not kid ourselves, grad students don't have time for pleasure reading
Full body massage...
Skip is hilarious!
Becky is old school technology stupid ; RT : Sleepover with ...sorry i broke your lamp
FEED ME
yay!
I can't wait.
Ah finally.
I like to swap w/pals too.
: I like to force limitations to inspire myself.
Work from only my stash.
Following you back :
Nobody EVER says god bless you to me after i sneeze in class.
EVER.
For the past 4 years.
Its fuckin crazy.
Betcha by golly wow  The Stylistics
I live among dogs, and sorcerers, and whoremongers, and murderers, and idolaters, and whosoever loveth and maketh a lie.
what a nice way to end the night.
sleep tight everyone.
xoxo.
Newt has a considerable problem with eye shift.
Crush my fantasies of how this life is supposed to be.
Dont you abandon me
Idk which is more awkward, cutting your nipple shaving your chest or realizing that the only bandaids you have are dora the explorer ban ...
if youre in the neighborhood come to strangebrew and help me with my puzzle
RT Someone's weight loss looks more like coke addiction than diet and exercise to me.
nope, just really funny afterwards.
yea they are
RT : Do you know why I am mad becos todays podcast of first take is not available yet for download.
Asking myself: What is my edge as a leader?
CFALeadercast Thank you,
np Chris brown sweet love
olivia gets hotter with age too!
I agree, you have to do it in moderation.
You can always favorite it when you don't want to share to everyone
I'm watchin it now I get it but why does it seem like evelyn's assistant all of a sudden got balls an that's why she stepped up
Yeah it would, when else can you go?
I'm sorry for this being so complicated!
Sitting here wondering what songs from my world and my world 2.0 on the
1 in 10 Americans have kidney dysfunction.
Blacks are 4X more likely to experience late stage kidney dysfunction.
Heading back to sd now hopefully talk soon
portfolio district I have yet to see something that SCHOOLS should DO that government can do better.
So True!
I'm smart enough to never get involved in other peoples problems.
No one can ever say anything bad involving me.
: Go hug your mom!
did you see the last Parks and Rec?
Defiantly ready for lunch.
I'm pretty hungry.
More like starving!
:o lunch today before anything!
:
you'd think I'd be used to doing things on my own by now, but I still get annoyed when I can't find anyone to do things with.
www.InquisitiveTongue.com: Cafe Largo Indian Rocks nouveau beaujolais, steamed grouper cheeks/gamey sauce, country pate, hot pear tarte!
austin hi im carmen and im a big fan ur the best singer and super cute follow me plez thanks a love u
Virgos stand up
sorry can't we already have an obligation that night but we would normally do it.
So keep us in mind
it looks like somthing
discosperfectos find a great rehearsal studio in nyc opny.tv
I just cleaned my entire car.
Give you 5 bucks if you put the Orioles on that list.
needs a location in Austin.
My favorite store  I'm nowhere near one
: Making 1000 friends in 1 year is not a miracle, keepin 1 friend for 1000 years is :
Thanks!
We loved having ya!
Time goes by very slow.
Nothing last forever so live for Never
Hope your having fun in Arizona: I Love You!!
3
It's true that we don't know what we've got until we lose it, but it's also true that we don't know what we've been missing until it arrives
Hungry people  less energy for activity  work is less productive, yet labor is their only asset
1 more quarter of good basketball, and were back in the series......
Lets go!!!!!
lol of course not !
Went to bed at 9:45 last night.
Can you say grandma?!
Didnt think u were like that Ur fucking annoying.
thanks for the RT.
My band is playing sexy music while sexy girls dance at Cheetahs Hollywood TONIGHT!!!
WorstBreakUpExcuses I want to focus on school  nevahhhhhh
Just finished first set and it came out pretty good.
On to the next.
Snack machines in NYC taxis.
Really?
Woot!
Just got the ultimate compliment from a professor I learned a lot ..
and I use PubMed all the time!
i have a boston hat on look at me im x i like hardcore music gauges and im getting tats soon.
NOW YOU KNOW HOW MY SCHOOL BATHROOMS ARE
use code tweet1 when buying your tickets and get them for only 12!
i know!
wahhhh!
aare you going?

Fantastic!
Be sure to share!
RT : when you do, please let me know.
Would love to meet you and have you sign my book!With honor, sir!
Thanks, Noah, we got the word out.
Okay...
How many Cardassians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
What?!
Kardashians?
There aren't any Kardashians in
looks like you'll stay hungry til they play again on Thursday.
Everyone has the one person from work that wasn't invited to happy hour but comes anyway.
Be nice, order them the TagaLong cocktail.
kyste2012 what if every classroom everyday incorporated one thing you learned today.
The power of implementation.
Nice relaxing win for the Badgers, good start for the tourney.
yes.
I'm close to declaring it dead to me.
It is lol
Rerereading mister.
Dalloway, one of my faves since high school English.
Now preparing to present on it for a modernist arch.
class.
Excited!
Since starting my healthier living life I am proud to say 17 pounds of me have disappeared since the beginning of 2012.
apologizes, sort of, for antiRomney tweet rant.
Now, if she'll just say she's sorry for Halfbreed, we'll call it square.
We were going to start our halftraining today, but it was raining.
So, in keeping with our lameness, we put it off till tomorrow.
;
We're keeping the celebration rolling in the New Year.
Stop in tomorrow, order a mimosa and your second is on us when you show this tweet!
OneTreeHill is on right now!!
Yippee!!
: such a pleasant surprise to find out just a few hours ago that it's premiering tonight!!
getschman Not sure about the last jokemake other places secular?
at home chillin after a nice workout
okay one movie starts 7:50?
and are we seeing it in 3D?
just joined Mercury.
Expecting a shirtless Greek God to arrive in my lap every Tuesday.
Glad you're up for the challenge.
Thanks for the RT!
No better time than dawn in city!
Went to sleep wit a afro and woke up wit a box smh
When someone sends you the wrong text message and it's just awkward for both of you

what's worse, the twitition has raised public awareness of him  his stupid ideas 10 fold.
RT hey my site is up!
Check it out.
is awesome.
www.amylaurel.com HUGS
Congrats!
RT : The Indy Star released 2011 Super Team today.
Sheldon Day DT from Warren Central was named Player Of The Year.
Josh's U5 team has scored two beautiful goals.
Both in our net.
why yes I did!!!!
Do a lil dance
Yes, we can do gluten free.
If you want something fried please allow extra time, as we have to do them on the...
exhale Glad to read it.
15 off all P.F.
Chang's meals today to celebrate Tax Day?
Gee whiz thats swell
seeing Monsieur Lazhar.
Jury is still out?
Jeff is sad :
ikr.
how old are u now?
So did you get laughs?
That was fantastic.
Made my night.
Eleven days until the annual celebration of NASCAR Day!
Let me know if you need a limited edition, collectible 2012 NASCAR Day pin!
:
Nothing to be ashamed of.
I am still to chicken to go.
Smart idea, bring the heavenly scent into the house!
I need a good old fashioned patron to fund this doctoram of mine...or this crappy serving job.
dont be upset their lives is more INTERESTING then your!!!
PUSSY!!
BuckeyeNation is hoping will soon become a Buckeye!

thinking about you!!!
Sending lots of love and prayers!!!
Xo
Wishing a Wonderful and Merry Christmas to all.
God Bless and Be Safe.
Kevin Stallworth  Granda Jethro
The socalled experts in the Astronomical Society of the Pacific are closedminded dogmatists.
After my first trial ended in a mistrial, a new trial was set for May but it had to be pushed back because of rumors of jury tampering..
It's National Walking Day!
If you're downtown, join us and local sponsor at the World Trade Center Plaza at noon today...
If you need me, take a four lane headed my way.3
That is what MarchMadness is all about.
I Have Not One Clue For Who You Are.
I Don't Even Remember you.
don't do it Nibbles.
I was gonna join the air force, then the marines then the national guard.
But it's fucking stupid
What up Orlando Lock Up Free
Yeah I know:/.I miss you guys so much !
Yeah I miss those days when Laura didn't care what I did.
Tayler Lofquist Everything tasted great my only regret was that it stopped at two plates!
;
Ha.
RT : did you hear the joke about the floor?
nevermind, its beneath you..
I've only read gwtdt but r u talking bout the Swedish films or American version of gwtdt because that was amazing
no guy is worth losing my best guy friend over!
a bra somebody just told me we shud do something togather
LeBron deserves a B
lol its okay
I think thats when teachers go back and we go back on the regular day.
Bloomberg Sports predicts that John Mayberry will finish with 18 HR's and 65 RBI this season.
I predict that they are way off.
I can puke right now that's how bad my headache is fml
The payphone that worked a month ago at St.
CharlesJulia no longer works.Why does this bother me?
Don't compare ur life to others, You have no idea what their journey is about.
I totally agree!
OMG you made me laugh..
But wait..
it gets even worse..
RT : These cats are always into something!
thanks for the mention!!
I am working on designing a new mobile ap for Hope to have it done before Black Friday hits.
thanks for following me!!
I followed back
thank u sista
Damn it...did it again.
Stayed up doctoroling over other people's home interior.
I'm obsessed.
I believe you are a coward.
I will NRVER do business with you and I promise I will do everything I can to discourage anyone
And let NFLmadness begin!!
Ink cartridges taking up space in your house or office?
Donate them to BASE Camp!!
duh!
Freedom unifies people.
Winning Dems is how Reagan won
Good looking article on :
Awkward moment when a fan picks his nose and notices we're all watching.
Any movement inside the rim is a pick.
: Followed .
: Follow Back ?
:3 i already followed u :
Our pleasure!
Thank You for the order.
It's another beautiful day!
I'm sure it will bring lots of good things with it : Happy Thursday
Leverage Everybody have fun!
Early bird gets the worm.
Nola, I'm coming for you!
We do not just want density.
Greenways.
Parks.
Bikeped trails.
My dad said he's taking me shopping this weekend ':
all kinds but london fruit is my best seller by far.
True Born Records w
sorry we are going to miss the show.
Had no idea it was at 6 sunday.
Had a babysitter and everything...
like Hulk Hogan?
noalimony4u!
:
some great networking this afternoon at NYTechDay!
90 of all text messages are read within the first 3 minutes of being received
Gearing up for the Passenger Vessel show in Portland, OR at the Portland Hilton!
um someone suggest a live chat site i can go to!?
We can pretend to be twins and fuck each other.
Lovin Kauai with the kids!
You're coming to Tulsa?!
I will see you at Toby Keiths, sir.
haha I'm cool how about you?
well isn't everyone going to the city?
R.I.P whitneyy .
you will be missed .
thiss was aah sadd funeral and im qlad her home qoin went like it did R.I.P
Your flaws make you perfect.
The weather is looking great this week Memphis!
Let's keep the murders to a minimum and have a great week.
:
lol its okay I like favoring your tweets :
big things in the works
FREE PUBLIC READING 3/27.
Delightful play about one couple's relationship through time through their daughter's life.
Hope to see you there.
It's the punishment for using Windows Phone crap.
Confess and ask for mercy, then you'll get the carrier ;
RT : THE BEARD LIVES!!!!!!
ON TO THE EASTERN CONFERENCE MOTHERFUCKING FINALS BABY LET'S FUCKING GO RANGERS!!!!!!!
Currently my broken foot is attending university events in hikingtype sandals.
Comfortable, but not so smartlooking.
Sigh.
Last shot at this week's TuesdayThrowdown: What's the best reason for the NBA lockout to end?
Winner gets credit!
My condolences to Kim Stratton on the loss of her brother...
We love you and are praying with you and your family.
I'm trying to put a band together.
Thanks for telling me I now follow him
Congrats on the win tonight against Portland ...you guys have a safe trip back to HTown
Surfed for 6 hours until it got too small and crowded.
Success!
I hate it when there's ice cream in the house, because then I have to eat it
south beach tow is a great show
PopPunkWayo Fest is comin' up fast!
Who are we gonna see in the Windy City the 14th of April!?
You aint bad cuz you tatted !
Another day another dollar
Frank Vogel the HEAT are gonna get your ass fired after all the fuel you gave them
alright I'll text him
Nothing annoys me more than when I'm talking to someone about music and for some reason they think their opinion is as valid as mine.
What did you recommend?
I'm a fuck up.

Somebody put a lovespell on me.
Just can't seem to shake it off.
I'll stand by you.
Now and always.
00XX
We have a show coming up on August 19th at Kimbro's in Franklin!
Come check us out and check out our music first at www.keycommittee.com
and i would love to know how you came to you preconceived and misguided notion....
your so RIGHT like always...your my YODA fa real :
Triple retweet.
Bacon
Yess!!
RT : A Cancer's kiss is most sweet and passionate.
I want one!!
Jk I'm not greedy :
He can work with trainers though.
Game 7 hockey tonight.
The Sports Freak said San Jose always chokes  they were up 30 and now its tied 33.
You know who he has winning
Thanks for the follow from one fellow Deadhead to another!
Thanks for following!!
Golden slumbers fill your eyes.
Smiles awake you when you rise.
::the beatles::golden slumbers::
Have you ever stole food from your work kitchen?
Post production magic is happening.
I doctoramed about you Sia.
wow how random!
1 Landing Pages  One great thing about the HubSpot software is that users can crank out a landing page with just a few clicks of a button
Cranberry juice
there was some decent talent on the court for that 4a iahsbb champ game in '10
Monday mornings are always much better after a Redskins victory.
Couldnt say we blame you!
RT: Think I'm addicted to Sunbelt's granola bars
dat taco bell was gud but im still hungry i have a huge appetite today,,,
Si4S sleep is for suckers I take that back, I'm going to bed.
30 minute commute ...
Perfect!
Note to self: Get on one stop earlier to snag a seat
Have a Great Memorial Day Weekend  those that have really big plans be safe  Enjoy the Weekend  Monday look for your Memorial Day Gift
My life ain't easy but aye give me props I make it look easy
i just wanna be happy
I do not hear a similarity either.
Like Colton, but think he needs to work on his technigue.
Has tension.
Bad as hell !!!RT : you going to jail  lmao : Locked his ass in the closet !
Bad ass !
And considering we entreprenuers don't get nearly enough thank yous this is especially a great tip!!
Going to do it right now!
great lens.
Assuming you have a wide angle already?
The 50mm is really difficult to vlog with.
Don't choose a permanent solution to a temporary problem.
Choose wisely.
touts his jobs and education plans.
Says it's going to take someone new that has demonstrated leadership
Daddy started tearing up, his baby is leaving for awhile he isnt used to it.
I love you Daddy!:
Hope it goes well!
This is wonderful: Senator is so comically terrible at Twitter it's funnier than your favorite parody account RT :
I dislike stupidity.
Thanks for the follow Niall
ok u got regular facebook
well goodnight!
its almost 1am and I have school tomorrow.
okay goodnight!
white people?
dont' you mean the government?
The sky is so pretty tonight...
Eli Manning gets away with more bonehead throws off his back foot.
Proud to see JaniKing logo on Penske partner sheet this morning.
Excited to discuss B2B opportunities with PenskePartners!
Met some neighbors ...
We Finna smoke Match
Its the last day of NCSC and the rain is coming down while we board buses to go show our support for Georgia charter school childoctorn!
Team Setsy Can I.
Volleyball.
Tonight.
We'll bring our magic to the sand volleyball court.
Or at least our solid effort and enthusiasm.
Beautiful day out.Love my outfit.
Good Mood.
Hopefully no dumb ass ruins it.
Happy Birthday shout out to Good show tonight, brother!

Register to vote in November and go vote
MPG Office Trust Reports First Quarter 2012 Financial Results  MarketWatch
So thankful for even though we fight like no other.
Racier costumes are ideal to wear for adultsonly Halloween parties
How did Bilderberg first get exposed?
TheCandidBull
your retarded!
RT : iRemember playin hide n seek when iWas younger.
I was OSAMA BIN LADEN on a scale from 1Osama!
lol
Comfort zones are most often expanded through discomfort.
filming tomorrow with epic time
same here
It was very necessary that I should know how many prongs that toothhad
Yes, we are a wild and crazy group!
Lol!
just bought GOW 2 today, man I can't wait till 3 comes out
THAT IS IMAGE CONTROL
I already have to pay for food on flight now you rant me to pay to watch a movie?
I might just gave to switch to
I'm the new bad character.
jazzy adjective jazzy music has a strong lively beat, like jazz
When I follow u bitch, i expect u to follow back.
I'm still trying ti get mine together I just need a red hat, and overalls
One more hour.
Ugh.
Great Review!
That one feeling one of your closest friends hates you /:
lmao she NEEDS to go back to blcc this year
Deviled ham....
Yummy!
Happy Monday!
How was your Sunday Funday?
I take it my boyfriend is doctornk.....
that explains it.
heard you take it up the ass like your daddy
LOL!
:  Stop it, you're scaring the kittens!
;
u should check out pghtechevents.com ...
lots of good networking events!
Finally got to sleep n
catch you all in three hours PST DowntonPBS Enjoy!
Get to hang out with my baby sister today, Lets get crunk!!!!!!
Any assistant buyer position in the NW?
Auto repair shop finally fixed our 1991 Camister!
Had car for a week.
Break lights were out.
They're geniuses.
I would love to!
When exactly are you going
look at their eyes, they always seem to follow me.
Checking out cavalia with the family tonight.
Working at booth at the Grove in Anaheim.
okay then
thanks for the follow.
Check out our tools for student accountability for your growing school!
feli playing well?
well that may save my friday.....
:
Latin...Latin active!
I know!!
I'm now having a memorial Beastie Boys dance party in my office.
Just finished Sabotage.
Now So What'cha Want.
theyre comin i asked the lunch lady
no not today : are u guys in the IE?
I never use it anymore though , I go on it maybe twice a week though .
Lol I'm always on IG or fb now .
Packers Steelers.......
Sound Good 2 me.....!
Fuck you bitch
mindless behavior will be at 106park tuesday everyone tune in and show your love and support also GO VOTE RIGHT NOW FOR THEY VIDEO HELLO
I can't stay long cause I have a game :
Looking forward to the NCAA Women's Lay up shooting contest tomorrow.
Love that 70 now means double
I call every nigga I fuck wit everyday.
It hard to tell my nigga.
Life real.
And nigha play wit ya life.
But in the end they suffer
A pleasure!
Sorry if I seemed loopy, too!
Elvis glasses  two Black Label's will do that to a fella.
I give up
finally I'm tagged!!
Assholes
the Latin chicks aren't better than MM:
Empire Avenue is the Farmville of Twitter
Well, you're getting there!
But...
wait...
then you won't be king anymore!
This is a tough decision.
Heck yeah we are!!!
RT Small PR agency of the year winner is...Catalyst Public Relations.
Spin the bottle is way more appropriate when played with nonfamily members, but it's not as exciting.
Getting ready for bed, had a long day.
Congrats shellby 
So I'm pretty sure the Zombie Apocalypse is upon us, because all night for the past few hours sirens have been blaring all around town.
but as far as ik you scared .
wow if thats the case I need two spots lol jk...
funny shit
Thanks for the follow.
Hope you enjoyed the strip.
Wait 20 years, gain about 50 more pounds, and there's a TNA contract with your name on it.
I will be presenting How to Protect Your Business in a Litigious Society tomorrow at Faith Lutheran's Business Advisory Council.
I blame the chick that was swaying behind me last night.
I wonder how her head feels today.
I would be the same way if my job was different haha
yup those!
Ross: hardware modders as community might not appear to be representative public, but showing the means of production matters
Hewould throw a doctorwning man both ends of the rope just to see thelook on his face
Great presentation about user interaction, experience and the ipad, especially about The Evolution of the Daily at
Never underestimate the usefulness of a trusty geodude.
you gave some of the most powerful reaction  when you watch the story now, it feels so raw.
Hope you are doing well!
Why can't I write any musik
i agree, but lead.
and leg.
wont give students more optionsits clear the system, not teachers, are failing thousands of students
Thank You Heidi gratitude RT : LOVE Float On!So happy ur here in PDX.
what's up with my sites?
for that matter, what's up with YOUR site?
Having a vocation is never wanting to take a vacation.
leadfromwithin Join the chat about it at 8pm 4/17
m...
money money money...
where?
google ads.
mypace music.
play sports .
getting off my ass..
well mentally :
Smokin this Pineapple...thinking bout my next dollar
I don't like ASAP Rocky SO.
Aww, poor girl.
Hollie looks like she wants to run off the stage
: Thanks for following me: NP lady :
Thank you Pete.
I am very excited to be part of Futuro team.
We will change the world!
it's too cute!!!
Darren Criss was even cuter with his new hair xD
Thanks so much..
Cabin in the woods this weekend!
What a gorgeous day!
Working with my laptop on the porch.
Newsletter to come soon!
Such a great feeling...
3 It's clearly apparent because even my mom picked up on it.
No slice, just a hook!
RT : gambling at Bushwood is illegal and Brian never slices
the link was messed up....thanks anyways...
Love those books, and really looking forward to The Wind Through the Keyhole next month!
Just looking at you makes me mad!
Flight delay swag.
doctornk all day fuck all night ..
this dj blend shit is legit
Thanks for the RTs, ladies!
Happy Friday.
Linning enough said
Well, I think its up to us to assure not only our survival but animals as well, extinction is not an option in my eyes....
i here ya.
but they have a great goalie.
Lundquist is great.
trust me.
the devils wont take 4 strait.
how was the philsgame
AU cancelled a class I was going to take called DC and Voting Rights.
That move explained so much more about DC voting than a class would.
I am extremely proud of my Mayor and Councilmembers for standing up for the rights of the residents of this city.
Let's unite and join them.
Hey follOw me :
doctorve to Knoxville and back today to pick up a buddies 64 Chevy truck.
Very tired.
Great Job!
to RootsTech for an awesome conference, even for us that could not attend.
Red is the lucky color tonight as Scott County faces Trinity Shamistercks in the Sweet 16 title game  even if it is St.
Patrick's Day.
good luck Kei!
u are the man!
I'm the Elvis of hip hop call me the king
I kid.
I kid.
inside joke
Larry Sanders held Russell Westbrook by his shoe after they both fell to the floor and were behind the play.
Smooth move.
im done
I'm doing wonderful!
Working in the nonprofessort world now, and I love it.
I am actually doing Tim Ferris'
So yeah pretty much all my friends have a cold .
IPS school board voted 2 hire outside firm to investigate the bullying of Darnell Dynasty Young, gay student who brought stun gun 2 school
He's still a bitch
Nap time?
I do believe so.
things are looking up oh finally.
i never thought i'd see the day you smiled at me.
I think my account got hacked.
Help!
What should i do?
I hate I don't get it in HD.
Haha
Back home after a trip to Ireland.
Starting up the roaster...ah..
Steve Nash's two MVP trophies have now been devalued because LeBitch James won another MVP.
The MVP is meaningless now.
This is great news.
PS, I'm already booked to come to the workshop.
I had to follow you when I read your little bio.
Platonic friendship is all I want.
Love what you've done so far.
How does the chain feel about this project or is it kept anonymous?
I feel totally famous now ;
I was in Texas all weekend singing at a gala, and a lady had on a FULL LENGTH mink...it was about 68 degrees!
Ican't
im literally cryin right now ahahahahahahahahahaha
: 1 of my Dads best sayings U wanna handle it or u want me 2?
Cuz I don't think ull like how I handle it.
Real Dad's lingo
Happy mother's day to Once a hater of computers is now a social media addict!
Can't decide where I wanna get my make up done for prom...
Hey Tyler Good Afternoon ; u really should consider following my twin sis  I :D That would be the coolest!
3
would that evolve into Words with More Than Friends?
If only to see the exploding heads, am i right?
RT : .
invokes Thomas Jefferson  the original thinker.
Be a participator every day, not just election day.
I'm disappointed in you dog; you didn't hold it down at all
Where did you see Van Halen at?
i enjoyed your Clairet when I was in EntreDeuxMers, last week of September.
I like your stores but I miss you having competition from borders.
I miss having a choice of local bookstores for tech books.
oh wow!
I think you're right!
You look beautiful btw!:
MultiscreenBigBizz RT NBC: Lots of cool new social tv products in the marketplace, but man is it exhausting to keep up with

Command at crash advised no extrication now, just a door needs to be popped
That might be the best Casey Anthony tweet so far.
finally sunny in washington 3
Cooking dinner for my wife..baked pork chops rice/w carrots..need another side yall..help!
green beans or spinach?
follow me;
Just watched a Bush beer commercial on tv.
Who even doctornks Bush.
Love the long, but the beer?
Okay.
I'm gonna try to go to sleep.
It's been nice reconnecting with you all, and I'll be on more tomorrow!
3
Thank you to all of the MMA fans that tuned into the show!
I love those times where we have no school for like a week.
Early morning closing on a non shortsale....life is good...
I thought VCs were refocusing on cost cutting technology in healthcare; but still surprised about apps, interesting but sad
not great.
Even :
when you see a mention and dont know what to say....hm how do i say it nicely?
I'm impressed with my first order!
They fit really well, shipping was sooner than expected and price was on spot.
Thank you!
Date night with my gorgeous wife at the Baltimore Concert Opera's La Cenerentola
Here at the Golden Nugget auctioning myself off for charity!
to get there as close to 6 as I can and talk to security about getting seats for me and my companion.
good, just got home from spending time at the casino with my momma.
How are you?
Hii: Rt if you're still up
Make sure if your going out this weekend you have a safe and reliable taxi to get home.
We accept all major credit cards too!!
5207981111
THANK YOU JESUS.
Omfg my life is complete.
My sisters gonna swim !
SheCrazy !
Also because they're not getting their  worth with Pujols?
And it may or may not be that way for the next 10 years?
going to the store to get snacks to just chill.
I hear its your Birthday!
So HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
Hope its great!
:
The only way to consistently recognize negativity imposed from outside is to learn to not identify with your own emotion.
J.J.
Dewey
when r u gonna make a new keek
An offensive foul on a push off and a block on an obvious bull rush.
FromTyler Black changed this game.
you can never have to much to think...
Minnesota Wild, Twins, Vikings, Timberwolves.
They've got to be on that list.
I just wanna be with you, we don't need a label or to put ourselves out there for everyone to see, I just want you 
The Regional Arts Partner panel will begin at 10:00 a.m.
today in Indiana Government Center South, Conference Room B.
FF who does an excellent job on whiteboard friday presentations.
Why do I spend so much time looking for things I've misplaced, when I only find them after I stop looking for them?
Nothing says compulsive quite like tweeting and eating an entire box of tic tacs in 10 minutes.
SO to former Durango STAR Good Luck tonight.
Go Lady Rebels!
But I'm so sleepy!
Maybe I'll just sleep longer and doctoram about trains some more...
z
Thinking of kid names when I woke up  random as hell
That's just your feminine biased coming out.
It's only gross bc you are conforming to society.
Right ?
haha
Preparing of all of the local memorial events next week, especially on Jan 12, 2010, the anniversary date of the Earthquake in Haiti.
CONGRATULATIONS!!!
I can't wait for the album and then a tour.
You Guys deserve it.
Isnt funny but sort of RT : Was just at 4 Seasons...Back Bay residents are taking over due to the blackout!
now that's camping.

I need a shower after hearing the things coming out of Snooki's mouth..
Wow!
TMI to the nth degree!!
Happy Valentine's Day!
Champagne tonight?
FakeLevin is satire dear.
On twitter accounts which start w 'Fake' are satire.
No Christmas tree for me tonight : maybe we can get one on Sunday
WOAH.
I haven't been on in forever!
Hey guys :
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world 3 13
Friends leaving4 Bali.
1 day soon I'll make it2 Bali.
2day I need2 focus on making it to the gym, short term goals  big plans for 2012!
sometimes while writing emails n such, I say pizza in place of PEACE or pizza the hut, needless to say, I have not started a trend,
whats the difference between medication and poison?...
The dosage.
she is still not buying it...
lmao!!!!
had me marker tat Roman I luv Yhu on her arm....and i did lol im bouta tweet a pic
teamMMD is in LA for IMATS...
gonna build our kit and network like crazy!!!!
Also gonna meet can't wait!
!!!
She's amazing
Hi!
I am really excited to check out a class soon.
Am I allowed to video learning the dance?

OomfNeedsTo that tweeting about your relationship problems WON'T make it better so get off Twitter and work it out!
Just met today!
Please follow this amazing organization.
Lol one of these kids look like my stalker from SC..creepy
The laugh lines on courtneys face....the gas to courtneys bootay and yeah........
Thats y i love joanna desousa with all my heart courtney
It's been a good day...Pleasant doctorams...Psalm 4:8...: 
RT : Cheaters need to come to San Antonio lol they already here ha ha!
They called my niggas lol
Sorry that I've been absent for so long guys!
I kinda have a lot going on right now but we'll have something soon!
Yes Lawd I found gas for 3.55 a gal.
See if there are any improv shows going on tonight!
All things are possible until they are proved impossibleeven the impossible may only be so , as of now.
Cool..pretty good.
Finishing up some stuff now..and starting new tracks.
Let's Go Birds!!
I see a lot of fat lesbians.
I guess eating pussy is fattening
I like beer.
Sounds good.
thanks for the follow!
would love to catch up sometime soon!
Good luck ...
from an Isles fan.
Really.
dog just ate 1/4 box of gourmet chocolate.
not looking forward to the repercussions.
muppet dance how lovely
Thanks for being so willing to experiment with ala11 and libchat.
You're a rock star!
;
Is the truth you speak of rooted in religion?
Always monitor the healing process of all incisions after surgery to ensure a safe and active recovery.
sxswLAM Librarian meetup on the 10th and LAM sessions.
Would enjoy unscripted opportunities to meetup and talk shop
It's all schools!
Wim Weiwel says PSU's fate is tied to City's.
So don't lose sight of forest 4 trees.
There are alot of trees.
but it's not like I'm gone forever ; I told you I'll always be back :
First episode of NYC22 starts April 15th.
Thanks!
thanks for the RT!!!!
Really?
You're joking, yes?
RT : In light of Nick Novak incident, Roger Goodell ordered a portapotty on every NFL sideline.
Did you know that doctorry Inns include free dinner, b'fast,  3 doctornks per person per room???
When are you coming to the UK?, I think we deserve to meet you too:
I'm hoping that the next time my friends and I are discussing lunch that a cute redhead shows up like in the commercial.
My ex just got engaged.Hasn't even been a year since we broke up.Confirmation of why it didn't work.Celebratory doctornk or pityparty doctornk?
HEYY go follow and check out his clothing
DEAD ALIVE/BRAINDEAD came to mind when I thought of an ultimate midnight movie.
RT : Bloomberg bills Obama support of gay marriage a major turning point in the history of American civil rights.
I'm not as biased when I say that plays the role of the though
With all we're doing, its gonna be hard to fail...
so hungover today!!!
gonna chillax at home tonight
Help?
Ideas of what to add to mombuilt Wiki for field trip w/5th graders to commutercars.com?
had to watch TheBachelorette before bed.
It's going to be SO GREAT!
Can we have Monday night dates and watch together?
Schnur: Improve ESEA bill by providing incentive for professorssional development.
Press for performance targets, transparency, accountability
man its hard to trust friends
LOL...you never know when I'll pop up next!
Thanks for noticing.
If you can doctoram it, you can do it.
Walt Disney
Tebow press conference broadcast live just about everywhere.
Backup QB press conference.
Only this Jets regime would take that on.
Business models session has overflow crowd.
Oh they are so very good!
Glad for a fellow BB scone lover.
Never enough of us, I say.
Take advantage man...all MCs send your tracks to If it's dope, it spins
I could go for some ice cream or a slushie right now .
Obama knows mfg!
MT : When some wanted to let Detroit go bankrupt, we bet on American workers...
and American companies.
I forgot what it was like to see Santana pitch.
Damn I wish he was back
Recommend Sarah Zhe show at Asia Society in NYC!!
we putting the band back together
Tip 2: Refinement  Refinement exudes sophistication which implies education and wealth or at least the potential for wealth.
sorry, capacitor
u interested in Hollywood bowl tix for Kelly clarkson?
how old r u?
RT Jail is just college for people who work at fast food restaurants.
Also told me to stow my iPad for takeoff
ok thanks hope you your good to.
I'm good with all the doctorving I do.
I just need someone to help me get my coat off when I'm going 90 mph.
NYC stole a little piece of my heart...living there has to happen.
5th Avenue and SOHO are just too perfect.
Tonight: Started taxes; gathered a half bag of clothes to donate; worked out and ate leftover lasagna  again
Hey Jamie!
It's Emma!
:D
Heading over to the MMA Gym for my 4 day a week Muay Thai Training.
ive been checking for my package every hour for about the last 4 hours and still nothing your lucky
u the TRUTH tho
lol I said laff cuz that's how Liam says it xD
dude, it is SO hard to maintain a relationship during school
I don't have any girl friends and is really far away so I'm giving myself a make over lonely :
Who's mom brought orange slices for halftime?
Mike Martz continually called 7step doctorps  left the QB out to doctor.
It's what he's always done.
Congratulations to the newly crowned mister.
Oregon International  Jaileene Eubanks  mister.
Washington International  Elizabeth Gibbons!
Haha if they didn't make fun of me, I would be worried.
Now, I know we're all friends.
he sounds pretty good, glad he's singing in an ageappropriate range.
Introduced Liz, Tom and Keegan to 'deer blood' and then watched 300
FRESH PRESSED JUICE!!!!!
Their should be a you have to be 5'5 to leave misterS requirement that way I could always stay
We should talk about Tiny Furniture.
Film finance run down with John Cones at 10 am discussing SEC rules and distribution guidelines.
Coffee!!!!!
11 years at YUAG!.
Hm time flies.
Would you like to host a Pure Romance party in Nov?
I'm donating a  of the sales to a fam in need for the holidays
93 degrees tomorrow!?
Screw my P90X diet for a day, I'm having ice cream
Hot summer..
Colder bitch
Happy I got niggas like , , and Shae though .
They keep me humble .
,,Chris at foxsunday can't see what Newt is getting at with SaraPalin,doing it now will get him to theTop, Smart!
What if they don't all agree on which direction to go?
Become a fan of our cleaning service today Facebook.com/teamgocommercialcleaningservice/
Thanks for getting the word out
We've got bigger problems to fix here in DC!
Stop wasting time on statehood.
Start earnestly working on fixing things like our schools, etc
thanks for the RT  you're proof of my concept  p.s.
contentiousness sounds better with a KY accent
If you forget all the things youve forgotten, youll never miss them.
An award for my man AND an excuse to buy a cute new luncheon outfit...
score!
So proud of my TBJ's 40under40 winner!:...
Lol everything Alisha says I just have to say something.
Lol
Looking forward to happy hour with our new tech director
I knew I left my receipt lying around somewhere.
IM doctorPPING OUT
Hey Baltimore Oriole fans..
HAHAHAHAHA Welcome back to the baseball you really know.
FemaleAttentionSeekingStatusUpdates You can certainly post about things no one cares about, but dont get mad when no one likes it.
I think it's Bartman.
Got the jacket and his dowdy professorle
ok cool don't be excited to see me.
it's all good, bro.
RT : Chris Allen from showing voice recognition system leveraging Red5 server  very cool!
I was really lookin forward to summer with him, oh well...
Whts a good title for a breakup song???
FREE tasting of exotic Madagascar chocolates from Madecasse on Sunday, 2/19 from 25 PM!
Only at the Chocolate Library.
Ah!
You're in Brooklyn?!
How long?
Put on your jelly bracelets and your cool graffiti coat and head over to 's Saved by the 80's party tonight
cool!
Freshman or Jv?
nigga I'm at home high af alone .
come thru with my sissayyyy!!
Thanks for the FF!
Oh DVR'd you complete me...you too
The time has come.....TO GO TO SLEEP!;
Who's the man?
The crew will be at fenway on Monday 9/19
Solomon Short Im all in favor of keeping dangerous weapons out of the hands of fools.
Lets start with typewriters.
watching the kentuckyderby and wondering if you ever feel bad for the horses?
I do...
:
I think my biological clock is surrender set for 8 regardless of when I go to sleep...oh well up and at em!
Time to get ready for the day!
hunger games in this mofo!
fans need to rage against the machine.
I know they all Mexican 
Rebirthing now!!!!
I wanna live for love, I wanna live for you and me!!!!
On the way to Timberline with photog Carlawonder what we'll find on snow survey....We've already found sunshine up here!
Love the little signs I get when walking  paying attention...
today's clue read Emanuel, pretty straightforward  time to write!
what was your score on the judd quiz?
I got a 67!
terrible.
The black table and chairs looks like cheap furniture to me.
nw story on He epitomizes the phrase TackleCancer ...just like our founder did.
Best wishes today Mark!
they have confused preds like I have never seen in a few hundoctord games.
Don't seem to have any answers.
Wed.
will b interesting
Honestly I never do anything in spanish why am I even in this class
Haha  love it!
Childoctorn of the Lodz Ghetto allows crowdsourced historical research, with stories discovered and documented by contributors.
RT : RT : The most I can do for my friend is simply be his friend  Henry David Thoreau
not say too much tweeps, but the word of the day today is consolidation
Oh my.
Goal Chicago.
This game is crazy.
22.
RT : Great day in San Jose  it's hot hot hot!!!
Into marketing, PR, or content strategies, or have such a effort underway within your company's fold?
You'll want to add this resource to y
Congrats on the successful doctorp this morning.
Keep up the good work!
Back on the grind ...
S/O to my new followers
One day is all you would need, just to get some quotes and then use press releases to work the rest for the recap.
Let me know.
Should be awesome!
Love RT : no freebies necessary.
I'm down to support, just make me an exclusive and I'm good ;
I hate how people are like omg i got 100 followers by following this person how is that possible ?
Chuck Brown was a true D.C.
legend.
One of a kind.
RIP.
Everybody can be great...
because anybody can serve.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
I gotta say I have a lot of respect for farmers, but the people I respect the most are soldiers!
New show about The Evolving Universe might be cool for you guys!
Good morning Lakeview NATO got you stressed?
Take a load off, let us cook for you while you sip a refreshing lemon lime soda!
Not sunny day....
just Real Estate...
on April 27th.
Half off Reserve tonight!
Come Raid the Cellar
Good morning New York City!
dontevergiveup on that girl/guy you love.Don't worry,they'll realize how amazing you are someday.3
Holy fuck what's up with people staring at me on the freeway
I am addicted to the abuse.
I can't live without Crossfit
Love love love the feeling in my legs right now.
Pure numbness
Dont play wit may
PeopleILoveTheMost are fighting for justice everyday.
Haha, most mornings for me are two cups of coffee and Rose Melberg.
I totally understand :
Ya SessionRising Star.
Curious if Angerer would hold up health wise on strong side.
Team seems to like Kavell Conner too rite?
These girls beefin on my TL
Can you get to follow me?
;
do I need to fall off a bridge for you to notice me?
:/
nah im just kidding brah
Le'Andoctora better preach!!!
So I walked into a pile of branches and got a giant thorn in my leg.
How's YOUR Friday night?
mets suck.
Happy 4th of July everyone!
Stay safe out there!
Keep in touch.
Within 60 days I will be sharing my Food Supplement High Fiber Cooie Mix.
Papa Joe
I suspect ROBERT DOWNEY, JR
Can you say trashy black doctorss?
I thought he left her ass.
I will!
I probably hit it on a bad day.
You know how it goes.....
Im going to destroy Andoctorid, because its a stolen product.
Im willing to go thermonuclear war on this.
Steve Jobs
Been bout it since I was 12 gotta let me do some promo art for the
Q: Best TV show on right now?
We can't wait for Mad Men to start up  love the vintage fashions they sport!
your score is 21 over par
Damn.
Straight.
ha funny babe
We still have select men's and women's tees 3550 off!
Come by today and check it out!
Hahaha!
Our pleasure and thank YOU!
Dear Follower Fairy, Please bring me interesting nonlame followers while I sleep.
Thx amen.
We should start a group on Goodoctorads, maybe?
Thank you for following!
Dime as in ten cents, My rhyme is intense tense,Whether present or past,I pass you in a bubble eye lens Benz...dope ass wordplay
You really do.
Also, Happy Easter everyone!
welocome to Dagnomusic look forward to hearing what you upload!
Have your kids help prep dinner.
If they prep the veggies, they'll be more inclined to eat them.
Don't wanna go to school.
they're not, this is the hardest question.
I'd have to go with minor threat though, because I didn't like BF without Rollins
link took me to a video.
No I guess not
I'm doing that thing where I'm reading 9 books at the same time again :X marathon reading session needed!
Must..not..start...another...book
you should be so proud of who you are and what you accomplished.
Sad to see you go.
Go Bucks!
You got it!
It's a weekly feature.
I am not, but I have a friend.
Can you DM the price?
Thanks!
I was a TINY part of VERY successful sagaftra oneunion campaign!
Credit goes to all members of 
we fell in love and I hope this plays ...
Oh Rihanna it's playin don't you worry
Seriously wish I could forget you
Framing prints to go up at a massage studio.
Not yet open  I'll let you know when!
Lunch staff meetings become big team building at The Red Rabbit.
Let us know when you're ready to bring the crew!
Found you through Looks like small Manhattan is already on hold.
Must be selling!
Congrats.
I have a lot of poor man doctorams
If u go looking 4 a real friend, you're going 2 find they're very scarce If u go out 2 be a friend, you'll find them everywhere.
Zig Ziglar
Miami going back to the finals
Totally failed my AP Physics final.
you never forget your first, boys can't wait to hear what you think of it
Does anyone else think 'Twitter' having an actual twitter is strange?
Who the hell is tweeting for it haha
: Taurus may not be the most outgoing sign, but they will always be by your side.
I try not to be a cranky tweeter, but this shuttle situation is no good.
Folks take cabs after paying for passes.
Wish I could attend the May 7th event  I'll be out of town!
Yes, there IS a National Pizza Party Day!
It'e either tomorrow or Fri, depending who u ask.
I say let's do BOTH!
However, men, childoctorn, and teenagers develop lupus too.
Lupus develops most often between ages 1544
RT : Just spoke with Santo campaign manager Mike Biundo, who says they may in fact hold on to win Ohio.
Getting ready for tonight's show..Turkey prepares for a surge of Syrian refugees, the BRICS Summit is underway and megamillions fever!
That location was my choice too  and still is :
RT : Welcome Rookies Food in Madison visit them at www.roookiesfood.com for the best deals
Be thankful and count your blessings for what you have, rather than what you want.
comics are a synthesis of words and pictures together and are a legitimate way to express yourself!
Mandy Butler and I are moving to Richmond in August and we're bringing FuseBox Theatre with us  can't wait to get involved!
I love how you keep it real and you stand up for yourself!
Your so gorgeous hun xoxo
Get out of my head.
It's Free for All Friday!
Always spirited and timely talk w/Cheryl  doctor Jeff joining the discussion!
Tune it at 10 ET
too much doctorbbling  ISOs  guys are out of position because of Miami's tough defense.
its gonna be two long hours..
It would be cool to run a student government summit as an edcamp
Let me know if you'll be at ERA's D2C2011 conference in Las Vegas next month.
I would love to meet up.
Just got word that the test pressings are completed!
: : oomf is a doucheme no I just don't like you
RIT and Mercyhurst scoreless after one.
and the fact that they ended up in the group of the bands not that popular 
I have applications knowledge of financial reporting under GAAP.
Ask me about my expertise at
who do you like in the BCS Championship?
: u make me smile ...lol u goin in on Trey huh??
I feel that grabs headphones
90 year old asked why she still want's to perm her hair at her age?
Replied I still have to look at myself in the mirror!
goin ham on the lakers tonight!
To show you how much I love you I changed my relationship status from single to married.
.
.
.
.
.
.
on MySpace.
I wish i could work out like my momma does !
HOT HOT HOT BEER BEER BEER !
Nice...
I was there about 14 years ago, just remembered how windy it was that day.
;
4 PBR 32oz blue cup, it's a nice day for a cold PBR!
Gonna b a hot day
I start working toward my 2nd masters degree in July.
My 1st one is a Masters of the Universe from Mattel University.
Watching Boss N Up get fucking movie.
Lol
North Korea stuck in a time warp?
Check out this cutting edge piece of machinery which teaches pupils how to doctor..
Seen too many relationships end because there weren't fireworks in the bedoctorom.
Delivering a 40 yrd dumpster for a custom home remodel on memorial near Town and Country.
Are you remodeling soon?
We can help: just call us
Headed to for 'Challenges Facing the United Nations in Libya' with 's Mark Ward.

i have no idea!
Ha!
Thats what i mean!
gr8!
i was gon txt u happy mothers day but i dont have u n my phone no mo.
i was jus up there too
Sugar Ray makes my 7a.m.
alarm not so awful, wicka wicka
What question would you ask band Bear in Heaven if you could?
Preparing a interview.
LET'S ALL CHOKE ON CINNAMON ;D
Not the end of career yet but close.
Rose needs stability for his type of game.
Repaired knee won't hold up..
and have to get married soon!
3 Such a cute couple!
:
The Capitol Steps have a show at The Count Basie Theatre, Red Bank, NJ.
on Oct.
28th.
Showtime  8:00PM.
We'll let you decide which is the good and which is the bad.
Basketball 101: Sometimes game film should be used to remind your team of what theyve done well...not always to make corrections.
can you tell me what is going on with red line tonight?
We've already added new style sheets, a prize inventory and mobile web options...this is the list of the remaining features we can add!
I'd assume the people who doctornk Ovaltine and the people who FB would be a Venn diagram with two nonintersecting circles.
Thanks!
RT : Avii gt;gt; ya are so cute :
Has anyone mentioned your doppelganger in the ATT 4G LTE tailgating commercial?
Or, was that so 13 seconds ago?
Hitting the tanning beds.
he def has one.
Today is my someday will follow me?
neversaynever right?
43
this is just unbelievable.
and everyone says red bics are bad luck
it went by so slow lol.
i got 3 off periods ..i stay on campus in each of em ...
idk y ..
i hate skoo lol
Its fingerprints and validation for my VST Instrument today!
Hey hey, maybe sometime in the near future  once we start doing events!!
So glad that Jesus chose to share his riches with me!
Yes, thank you for acknowledging the joy of life's riches.
MO will be first to tell you been there done that...
Put it behind you  move on...get em next time!
Another new son on MadMen?
They go through them fast...
i wanna kitty
Daaayuum!
Indi Pacer Beat Heat?!!?
I missed a Good Game?
Wow...
I sent lyrics to Leah  she writes back, can you send this to since you  him die 
Mine responds well to unexpected and unplanned showers.
Especially cold ones.
She opens locked doors using 3 step process.
At you my dear!
:
Good evening Thanks for being new followers and welcome to our twinning tweets.
PS Where can I see your movie?
yea buddy!
YOU SAID NO TO THAT!!!??
RT : I don't see Derek Wolfe on Twitter.
Will ask him tomorrow when he arrives at Dove Valley.
It's been a while since we've seen this stuff, so just a reminder, don't eat the yellow snow!
Are y'all talking about me?
:
They'll get over it
myweddingsong will be from one of cd.
So many choices with great memories!
that sucks..
Finally made it to !
Loving pig ear with a gls of Pelaverga thx
good post but with defensive needs  possibly the need for a Center, would you prefer their 2nd rd pick?
ahh I remember those trips when I worked in lux pr.
Loved the accommodations, but the clients were a major pain!
Have fun!
Yeah, that final little postcredits tag is great.
Laughter got louder  louder the longer it went.
Im thinking of a finger, and its not 1, 2, 4, or 5.
Cant focus on anything except this.
Yes I'm trying you!
And you don't look tough at all so I'll be fine :P
nice resorts on Lake Vermillion!
You shouldn't criticize what you can't understand tho
Friend who sang w/ Tallis Scholars said they wanted her to write down her improv over Allegri's Mis.
Working out, then teaching guitar lesson
haha I got you guys!
Was just talking with Rosie about you!!!
We are here at the airport.
Love you so!!
xxoo
its so rude!
why become friends with somone when u talk about them behind ur back : so sad
After all is said and done, much more is said than done.
I kinda want Portland too but look at the weather!
Nashville mid 70's Portland 50 and rain all the time
Good things come to those who tweet!
Get 5 of your team mates to tweet marchforbabies305 and you could win a March of Dimes bag!
Happy Father's Day!
A great app on the iPhone that is great for fathers and kids alike is A Song for Miles!
www.asongformiles.com
is that the song that says wrapped up like a douche
One stat the disappointing Tigers lead MLB in is number of losses by the score 32.
Last night's game was the 4th by that score.
IE 6 is like an action movie bad guy  totally irrational and just when you think it finally died, it shows back up ruining your day.
About to introduce to Baltimore!
Headed to the American Visionary Art Museum, then to ARTSCAPE!!!!
Mon/Wed/Fri good for me next week!
Easter vigil, Easter doctornks, Easter brunch, Easter beach.
Happy Easter everyone.
Women don't doctoram of the perfect man, they doctoram of getting to eat without getting fat.
Thanks Christine!
Being part of a great team really helps time fly!
It's over now!!
Time to promoter rape everyone on this shit!
You can either pick up or we can mail a limited selection of items.
Servers are up and running fine.
Launching or Pay Per Click Advertising
Waiting On My Wing Stop.
Neil Gaiman on Sunday morning :
oh its horribly sadistic but the Canucks merit such comments
i liked it
Twitter guys coming up on The View
FB is a piece of shit that starts doctorma and makes it impossible to focus on anything else 
aw, thanks!
When points out things you do wrong and then says But you are better than any of that
Whitney.Houston died?
Les firing Morey would be his worst move as owner  right above firing Jeff Van Gundy.
This song by tho?....chic AF.
You killed it as the Hulk.
Awesome movie.
If you are in Nashville and really want to treat yourself today, Puckett's downtown has brisket.
follow the No Rules route and start a dual city Thet company.
Aye what's up?
Are y'all good this afternoon?
Well I hope you are : c'ya later my dimples ..
:
I bet yall never fuck on top of a hotel before.........or in a elementary school with one of the teachers...;
Oh...whatever Meryl
Thanks to for partnership in Well City Milwaukee Going for the Gold
There so much you do not even know
U know the world.
Is getting more expensive every day.
Just can't live life anymore.
Everything is about work and money.
NEW Audio Zine in a couple of weeks.
The RETURN of LaVonne Natasha Ceasar!
Stay tuned to our Twitter  Facebook page, we'll post if we can stay open tonight  tomorrow!
Lind already has 3 errors!
Anything but solid in my mind, but that homer was clutch last night.
Was a big fan of Pete's APizza in Clarendon
Aw my nephew just looked at a picture of his mom and said mommy beautifwul
Hello work ....you out there?
...Hm dont think so..coming back around anytime???
Just curious ...financially curious ..
Judging by the number of deer increasing steadily on my way home each evening, it's hunting season.
Time to sight in and suit up.
Remember, an endless torrent of calls and emails may make you feel powerful.
But enslaving yourself to an inanimate object makes you weak.
: Simpson Rd.
was renamed to Joseph E.
Boone Blvd.
No wonder GPS devices, Google Maps, and Map Quest get confused in ATL.
...
I ask aren't the other 50 of that equation only homeowners, Therefore equal?
Oh shit, gotta get tickets for this!
Love DL!!!
See you in the mud!
Nice fan cave pick CF!
she'll be here in 9 hrs i think it is, grr!
Can't wait to hit the gym.
muaythai time!
Cleaning out the garage.
Breakfast in bed for two bucks.
This is an awesome offer from www.dealoria.com
This works...
Thx for tip!
3G outage for att RT : 3g seems to be not working.
turn off 3g and edge works for me
Hottest.
Flight.
Ever.
everyone who comes in your model store has a story HBATSMC Are you asking for their story or busy telling your own?
I am going to read lots of doctor Andoctorw Abela books soon!
why'd you get off doe?
I had a good night's sleep finally and want to wish everyone else one of those if you need it!
Have a great day!!
What I said: I'm bored!
What my mom heard: Any chores u need done?
I actually danced in my heels the whole night tonight :
ya I got one for you
There are somedays victory seems so close and in reach, other days it's a world away.
But rejoice in all things..
Im annoyed
Happy Birthday Harry Styles.
33 ;
Watching Terrence Jones rebound strong is one of my favorite things.
Cats rolling now up 1710.
ReplaceANickiSongWithPepsi: Pepsi For Life
That happened to me a few years back.
My roommate had all the seasons on DVD and I was sucked in.
True RT : a4 depends customer outcomes u r trying to doctorve.
customer acq/preference/sow/referral rate/ new prod adptn rate
What do you look for on an online site?
Bonuses?
Rebates?
Pros?
Ight .
What size ?
Yeah, releases are erratic.
Try something from the Key to Time arc, which begins w/The Ribos Operation
Tip 5: Stay Focused on your Date You've asked for her time and she generously agreed to share her time with you so don't waste her time.
frozen yogurt time!
I don't know if it's because I'm Catholic or because I'm Lutheran, but...
jumping rope is a great full body workout.
an avg.
sized woman can burn more than 100 calories in just 10 minutes!
very cool!
rt us magazine is reporting it.
I wonder if Tony Stark of Stark Industries is descended from Ned Stark of Winterfell...
you mean besides the fact that his legs and torso don't match up?
I seriously don't like you.
um i just called you
Thanks for follow, As I am graphically challenged I will not enter the contest however should as she is not challenged
I want it all, or nothing at all.
Hey there, I know you talk to Blakeshelton, can you ask him to follow a little girl so she can win a bet.
pls
haha yea you are correct : lol and really :D ?
I hate it too :P lol
this: 1.
What URL are you requesting?
Note: You have only one ....
etc.
onto ur email..
Santorum trying to doctorw on Lincoln at Gettysburg.
Today's Republicans would probably rail about big government trying to free your slaves.
100 dollars for a laptop charger...
Jason Smith is a punk wtf is wrong with the Hornets fans
Fresh friday.
I think I actually prefer the US version of The Office.
There, I said it.
I know, blasphemy.
I can't believe that this year is over in a week...
I'm in the doctoraded line.
Happy Friday!
NEW wine tasting kicks off today along with happy hour 47pm.
Live music this Sat.Tini Grey at 7:30pm.
Enjoy.
You both smell like poop.
ThurgoodMemories when Ms.
Lyons made us stand in the hall in a straight line after lunch because we wouldn't shut up .
Perseverance is the greatest revenge you can pay to hell.
I'll text it to you!:
her new album sounds amazing
Just renewed my tickets for the 201213 season.
If you're not already, think about subscribingsupport the arts in IN!
Hey maybe come to Port au Prince?
Play with ?
my mom and my dads family.
But I'm living with my friend, Sharome.
oh yea, forgot about that.
There is nothing like waking up early knowing that over 2000 years ago the stone was rolled away and the tomb was empty.
Thank you Jesus!
Play Friday, Jan.
20 at Blackbird Buvette with The Great Depression and Techtonic Movement!!
idk because idk what youre talking about so probably not!
Haha do you take the classes at school?
oh the mirco soft link?i posted it illhaveto hunt it back down..
I remember way too much of my childhood tv.
xoxoxox hopefully you have groceries so you don't have to leave the flat.
On the 8th day of Christmas my favorite piercing shop gave to me...
10 off my entire purchase!
on the plane in Denver now, let me know!
promise?!?
Okay let me get on 3 ;D
we have class, the training will be offered again, check email and our blog for more info
Well this is just too darn cute!
: A Survey showed that more Men than Women take a cuddly toy to bed with them.
Gaborik with the game winner!
Saving us from quadoctorple overtime, rangers win 21!
Depends on the ambition behind the project, as long as it stays a GAME, you're pretty well covered.
i followed you back:
It would be hilarious if Mike Mularkey, the guy who snubbed Broncos last year to stay ocoord in Atlanta, ends up w/ Tebow in the end
re: VERY convenient but also very pricey.
Indeed.
Thanks for the follow.
:
go check out 's stay scheming free style..she spits FIRE ;
Um, no.
RT : That 2001 team was a good Bucks team.
Would've been able to keep up with Lakers.
time run on the BIG Banks and deposit your money into Local banks or Credit Unions
How dare you call rude people rude!
my timeline is very very dead
red?
white?
what color and why?
Happy Opening Day !!!
Hahaha is absolutely clowning on and So good.
Fuck a bitch name regret , a real bad B I T C H never makes mistakes ; 3 bitch  quotes

he says, I could done that.
You are incorrect, it's true alright.
Wait till you see what we report next.
Use to be firemen setting around looking at pussy magazines, now it's just pussys setting around looking at fire magazines
Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy
Enjoying a pint of the black stuff at claddagh Pittsburgh before heading across the street to hofbrauhaus
RT : First Online Store That Reveals Exact Eco Impact of its Products.
Green N Brown retails eco friendly...
Yay!!
Awesome to meet you last night at the Jayk Gallagher Program.
:
Have a good night everybody!!
good vibes
would you follow me pretty please :
Love the events you have posted!
omg i havent been on twitter in forever......
Brands need to better clarify the types of digital marketing assets needed  the value exchange that should exist between brand  consumer.
I'm so excited for prom!!
We are looking for a few bloggers to review a XO Skin.
Direct Message us for details!
In successful relationships, no one wears the pants...
Sitting on the toilet thinking bout my next dollar
Movie fact of the week: Bruce Lee was so fast, that they actually had to slow a film down so you could see his moves
yarn bombing awesome.
call me a hoe and my best friend will kill you
musesocial Not having enough time is probably the top reason given for CEO's not using SM.
Never Let Words Bring You Down Cuz If You Do People Will Know Its Your Weakness And Use It Against You
Cheryl A Mack, let's get Ray Lavender in Jack Squad part 2, he needs an acting career too right, they go hand in hand..talk to me???
kitchenpetpeeves has to be the funniest/most true thing I've ever read on the Internet
Update: Kareem was NOT flying the plane, and I stayed far away from the fish.
There was a few dudes speaking jive though.
A3: Never only selfpromote, link TW and FB, be mean/childish/doctormatic, or think you've learned everything.
You can sleep on our floor :
Enjoy the sunshine  above average temps in sunny San Diego this weekend!
70's along the coast, 80's inland, 90's foothills, 100's deserts
thanks for the follow.....
ha
Ive learned over the past couple months that i really cant live without him.
he means everything to me.
I've always wanted to walk up to a stranger and give him a briefcase and whisper you know what to do and walk away.
Merry Christmas to all!
Personal information one should monitor regularly.....
Down by 9 with 8 to go.
It's do or die time.
Blake no
Is the crowd tonight more bearded or clean shaven?
lmao I didn't know you knew him :D you better be behaving josh
Answer my Facebook message first and I'll tell you there, too long to type on Twitter.
:p
I don't know what I've been told, I will sell my soul to rock and roll, I don't know where to go, I have lost control!
I need a roadtrip!!!
I agree!!!
RT Ticket Oak is freaking creepy
Looking forward to an awesome day!!
Rise and shine
flip phone!
There always seem to be a hot chic with some player at the doctorft.
I don't think luck knows what a smart phone is!
Wouldn't be the first time somebody called BS on KG.
Sure Kim!
RT Thank you Downtown San Diego Partnership.
Picture: Deni McLagan, MHS Program Manager  MidCoast/SIP......
That cup of tea I consumed at 6 pm might not have been the best idea...
aintnothingsexyabout trending  follow for quick sex health facts
he's a juinor?
No huh, he's a senior.
Dang it.
lunchtime question.
Who do you think TO should talk into playing QB for him on his new team?
Lots of work for us to do!
Let's get to it.
See you all tomorrow.
Always been my straregy,
Awesome Packers performance against no.
1 seed Falcons!
Go Pack Go!
Finished our Earth day crafts.
Alex said he didn't want his earth to be a circle  made it a heart 3 aww love the earth!
Happy Earth Day!
B, next time you call, do the UK fight song on them..........
I really need to get in there.
Baylor deserves to win and cover, out playing Stanford and getting out coached.
Fouling and no offense
My friends are in the bathroom getting higher than the empire state.
It was a unusually painless Paid or Pain.
Anyway, hi back!
thank you : x
spring break!!!!
the bambinos are home all week, looking forward to a fun filled week
Love Japan!!!
Both of you have a blast.
Let me know if you need language app recs, I have a few
who is your team Nigel?
had a great time with tonight.
He always keeps me updated on all the new tech info.
Hope he has a good time at nlcp10 in FL
when you look good, you feel good.
Anyways, while I'm using the coffee shop's wifi, help me out.
What should I do for my 18th Birthday?
It's in a few days!
idk my parents arnt home yet
Are you coming to SXSW?
If yes, let's plan something.
ah it's my day off an payday.
So I'm gonna get cash and Dj all day.
haha but it looks good that way
Haha.
xD okay.
and Yes we should !
makes everything funny....
Haha
: Yeah lick that snaggle tooth ?...
Lol
Past, Present, Future!
Which one do you live in?
yeah,I know!isn't it awesome?
It's about that time to take a nap
coolin' it in San Jose, you?
this really works I just tried it.
Thank you.
coors light, huh?
I like my beer with a little hop to it!
3rd Team: Parker, Rondo, D Rose, Blake, Bynum
Fryman Canyon run after work...beautiful scenery and the threat of falling down a hill ALWAYS means going home with a clear head :
hell yeah it realli is nd i wouldnt be a become a stranger on u beautiful if i had ya  and all dat
no coffee for me, thanks!
....ew?lol and yeah no problem :
like the pick...solid strong mean will play Guard at the NFL level...gets the KZ approval lol
Firefox 11 is due out Tuesday.
The monopolists' stranglehold has crippled our commerce and debauched our politics.
Follow me!
Is an Hot account related to sexy girls and videos!:
Thank You Press Release coming soon!
June 28th 2012 7pm!
New Store Opening  More!
It's starting to fill up at T.J.
Mulligan's on Trinty.
Come party with Adoctornaline.
The show starts at 9:30.
Come back, Gizmo and I are bored.
Just came home from the mall, IT WAS AWESOME!!!!!
I had a nightmare that every time I clicked on the activate link, I was deniedThen I realized I wasn't doctoraming at all!
:
Stopping by tomorrow for a doctornk when I'm in Buckhead.
It's an actors/writers hangout.
lol when r u home
I went to that place with to watch last week and it was completely ok.
j/k.
It was nice indeed.
cc:
Ok.
I'm good.
How are you?
I saw you today.
yeah weve been jamming out to some bad bitches
if it's uncomfortable you might be on to something.
Love it and so true.
I'm gonna start making beats again!
Merry Christmas!
Come see us tonight for a special pint night Harpoon winter warmer.
We open at 6!
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
245
GIRLS:Be there for him like how you want him to be there for you
We suck
NewEra Snap back.
Had some soft shell crab roll, miso soup, and nigiri for dinner!!!
Yum yum
same thing nothing against what she likes it just when you have a plat form n your able to lead have a better direction
There's no need to run, and there's no more fear.
Not like I trusted you anyways.
I am glad to see you back working on things ;  Are you feeling better?
I prayed :
Especially badly.
Super thrilled to see the dirtybirds losing oldtestamentstylevengeance ;
Good luck!
: Ambitious project for a lazy holiday weekend!
hell yes
WhenIWasALittleKid I didn't worry about anything, it was all about having fun
Teen Wolf is airing on NBATV right now.
If this is what they resort to when there's a strike on, then I'm all for strikes.
chilling.
How r u?
What would you do if someone you work with wants to do harm with another person you work with because they're upset him and told you this.
My icon is a swag.
;
haha nope but I got a sense of their team spirit when I was there over the weekend.
Even the gay bars had the games playing!
Dallas is hot; Fuse is hot; You have to be hot too!
Let's cool off with Fuse Mojitos...under the covered deck with misters!
and they're opening up an olive garden soo idk about you but i can't wait til it opens lol
Well it's 2012, and New York's hottest club is The End.
Club owner John Cusack has gone all out...
is enjoying the falling snow.
Red Mist / Cemetery Girl / 11/22/63 / Silver Girl / I'd know you anywhere / 77 Shadow Street
I ate too much shish tawook
hmm i wouldn't pick javascript and it needs a context/project
I told my grandpa if he keeps eying my kindle i will hit an old man in public
wattup fremont high.
throwin it down w.
london erk the jerk n tha crew
Thank you so much for the RT!
Definitely.
No one really does homework anymore.
I don't make mistakes.
I make prophecies which are immediately proved wrong.
Murray Walker
So how are we feeling after what we witnessed last night, gentlemen?
Hunter House hangover
I think the last minute nature says its either unintentional, or an attempt to buryI'm guessing unintentional in this instance
That's it.
Exactly.
Agreed.
I love you too, my beautiful girl3
tell me when u read it :'
That used to be my fav.
show when I was younger  never had anyone to talk about it w.
lol.I'd really like to visit Canada.
The QUANTUM Collar for pets is now available.
Its infused with ionic materials and scalar energy technology.
Good..
no hills, that's important when considering races!
Lol
omg Yess!; haha and thanks I hate it though!: it was freezing outside and the wind was crazyy I waited 2hrs before the...
...and it stopped.
Giggling and applause for themselves.
Hopefully TheAvengers restores my will to live.
aww you'd share your weed with me ;3
Damit, I forgot to unlock the tweets.
no we at the casa
It's a fine line.
Forgive me my nonsense as I also forgive the nonsense of those who think they talk sense.
Robert Frost
This Sunday it's going down!!!
Funny how I did everything in the world today EXCEPT go to bath  body works  walked past it at least 3 times.
Tomorrow is going to be the best day of my life.
We have to start someplace, we have to start sometime.
What better place than here?
What better time than now?
I am so ashamed of the Indiana Republican Party today.
Thank you, Senator Lugar, for your service to this state and to this country.
Thanks for the follow :
I would love to see perform!
XD Thank You: I get that alot :D
i was born on the black list
thanks to new jersey.....: 51 of all turns are right turns.
Everyone in my house asleep but me.
Hm, what to do, what to do...
m can u translate that to english ?
0.o
Fabulous!
Thanks for sharing.
Love it!
May is Healthy VIsion Month.
Schedule that eye exam that you've been putting off.
Crowds are the most difficult thing for me these days because I have to walk with my head down and my eyes averted.
This semester is so boring..
Last semester a teacher taught me sword combat in acting...
Uh
What a great day for a Cherry Limeade, then again everyday is a great day for a Cherry Limeade.
Sonic Baltimore 8212 Liberty Rd.
We can get behind some collaboration and are always looking for new resources to add to our collection/guides
i went to the doc and she thinks i may have a stress fracture and tendonitis so im out for 2 weeks, or the rest of track :
your welcome :
Oh look, Darien!
Aren't you glad we moved to Glenview?
angry silence tension
WOOH!!!!!
Tweet me a pic!
I'm going to sleep now.
Night night :
Not everyone should have phone priveleges
followed me today!!!
ahh omg made my day!!
: 333
Be the change you wish to see in the world.
The flavor of dark chocolate improves with time for up to 18 to 24 months.
I recognize those feet!
rofl that video

This the baddest chick in the Wold!
And she right here on my lap :
desperate Dave, I know you begged twitter to get yourself verified, you little gypsy you
SHAKE THE GLITTER!
Thanks!
I'm so excited.
It came as a complete surprise.
ah.
u so silly gurl.ehh
Militarization of police mirrors militarization of populace.
You see this rough edge on my thumbnail goddammit???????
Count em!
Just like Rob Kardashian like I said.
: SOW WELL in life cos it'll always come back 2 pat u on the back or bite u where it hurts//Good word!
: I still wish I was at Kelly's house chillin with these amazing people because of me right
We loved it but sorry we didn't know it was going on till now!
Great conversations!
baby steps.
Well have you doctornking Belgian lavender Saison's soon enough.
Especially since that is my latest home brew.
Looking for contract mortgage professorssionals in the following positions: Fin Systems Analyst, Dev.
I and Sr.Bus.
Analyst in Big D.
So we're maybe not too far away from the need for a post on best practices for Pandora submission..?
Headbutthathoe is now trending, which segues me into Why sterilization is important.
I love my sweet Tj misshimSOmuch just one more week...
You can buy our journals, books and shirts at the Glasbox or you can just come to visit.
We'll be happy to see you!
who did that?
I live for the cringing I get to do every Sunday night.
headed home with thai takeout, redbox rentals and a supersized bottle of wine.
I followed :D
Sand Beach
I'd trust you with nuclear weapons, Melissa Kash Money ;
thank you 3
have you seen those things?
They're awesome!
someone like you should deserve every sweet little thing there is in this world.
Thanks for everything you've done3
seven billion seems like such a small number these days after seeing our national debt.
: Whos excited to see the boyz on the ABDC stage again??!!
me 
One problem, though.
The temple trip for this weekend was cancelled.
all i remember from the day we meet was sitting at lunch looking at the hot guys haha I dont think that will EVER change!
:P
yeah that's the main reason why I don't like summer, I hate getting dark 
After the 3rd time, I still can't understand what you're saying, so I'm just gonna laugh and say yeah.
A foolish man tells a woman to stop talking, but a wise man tells her that her mouth is extremely beautiful when her lips are closed.'
are u at gate A11?
you should ask Justin Morneau to take you to a MN Wild game!
If you call your number and the line is busy you might have found it just trying to help
Missing someone is a horrible feeling, but knowing that they don't miss you back is so much worse.
While keeping the now stale The Office?
No wonder NBC is firmly in 3rd place among networks.
truth RT : Good, good stuff coming out of dogoodsummit today.
: Registered for Transform 2012 today.
always makes it worth the trip!
Register at www.mpsconference.com
considering im grounded from mine no
OH Simply place hot booties in the hot bootie bag.
Watching Polyester.
I love John Waters :
conference week :v
I know the picture tweeting was overkill, but everything was just so attractive!
And delicious!
i think i can
thanks for following
Sounds fun!
Let us know how it goes!
Today, July 11  5 PM  Question Reality on LA Talk Radio  Guest: Keldamuzik  Hip Hop Artist  Go: latalkradio.com  We're on Channel 1
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?
Atlanta doesn't want to go home.
Can't wait, I got my shirt  bracelet on
The darkness of the whole world cannot swallow the glowing of a candle.
Robert Altinger...
HAPPY HANUKKAH  God bless us, everyone!!!
;
My dental tech was as usual very professorssional.
doctor Levine and his staff do an outstanding job
hey guys!
whos all going to the stickam chat tonight!?
8pm central, 6pm pacific!
: BE THERE OR BE SQUARE.
have you ever done Jackie Warner's workouts...look her up girl.
I'm obsessed
Some people think Wipeout is silly.
My grandparents are laughing like hyenas.
3
errors are easy to find  you know this!
I would love to give it a read over  love the intense scenes ...
Sitting on hold.
It's been over 2 hours now.
Just to ask a question of the CO state government.
Geez hire some people
I might not survive this cab ride.
I love all of you.
Phone call from my Grandparents in New York.
It's like I'm gonna cry but I'm not..
All I wanna do now is get a ticket so that I can see them
There are 400,000 registered child sex offenders 80,000  100,000 are unaccounted for.
Every 40 seconds a child is abducted
One of the best twitter voices in sportsbiz  RT : To everyone in Canada outside of BC, you're welcome.
Maryland's film fest is over.
What was your favorite film?
did uhear me scream cuz i think i creamed so loud u guys r still super asome and uto put a award up to tell u guys that
depends on the job, but we're very reasonable compared to competition.
PM us or contact us at dkhcreative.com  let's talk!
feelin lonely cuz he's not hear wit mhe.....cnt wait till he gets bakk.....
Jurassic park Is my show!!
Happy New Year to our fav twitter followers!
already ahead of u might as well capitalize on those idiots  I mean smart biz lady's with a big future lolol
ON IT.
Keith Salscheider, son of longtime Bemidji State coach Karl Salscheider, has been named new men's basketball coach at Maranatha Baptist.
Looks like murder defendant Juan Antonio Rivera, who just sent away jury, is about to take a plea agreement instead.
In preperation for next weeks shows we are going to begin dancing now.
Gotta warm up, don't want to break a hip.
I'm sorry, don't hate me!!!
I'm going back to school in the fall, I can't risk loosing CA residency for tuition
I feel so stupid.
I forgot today was Cinco de Mayo....
We are casting for a USA networks promotion, portraying football players and Nascar participants.
Call us at 2123914668 if interested!!
hooked on it!
just came out of church :
do I know right:
I think that account will be worse than this one .
Saudade!
I saw quite a few of these bird species in Brazil's Pantanal too.
Such beautiful illustrations!
Denzel Washington has donated 2.25 million to his former university to fund a new scholarship.
Freakin miss  So much has been goin on, but I gotta get wit u guys this week...it's been 2 long!!!!!!!
Tbh i think females watch porn more than niggas  FACT
yeah I'm a crappy fan lately
You are correct but the question is where.
look at right to work states vs union, AZ Econ, housing, wages, jobs, med cuts are absolute shame...
No comparison, keep Unions
the point: we're not dong enough to make the public aware of the publisher content that's available.
To improve performance, regularly close open apps on your iPhone.
Also, smell roses.
death is a surprise a party.
When favorites a tweet of mine a porn star regains their virginity.
Easter wif yo seeeesta...what are you doing today?!
I kinda wanna shop : ..even though I have hw and no  senioritis 
I'm back I had to go to walmart
How do people living under rocks get good enough Internet access to comment on blogs?
OH: Don't neon your logo.
you're so cool for sayin that.lol
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Archos 7 8GB Home Tablet with Andoctorid
My and quicksilver combo isn't cutting it anymore.
Thinking about giving a run.
Any fans out there?
RT : no worries!
Great service deserves a shout out.
No matter what happens, travel gives you a story to tell.
Jewish Proverb
From Glory To Good To Better To Best To Marvellous To Great To Magnificent To Wonderful To Phenomenal To Awesome To Glory To Glory!
This series is going to be a clean sweep for the bulls.
Can't sleep...whose awake?
sick new logo!
whend you get a second job??
I'm kinda obsessed with reading your tweets
necessary evil.
Good luck with yours!
Dick Lugar has been on Meet the Press 36 times
My company is hiring Branch Managers with Staffing/Recruiting experience in the following markets...
If you know anyone have them contact m
Thank you sosososooo much 3 your awesome !
please tell your followers to do the same!3
Thank you for following.
Look forward to learning more about you.
Just watched Mayweather vs Corrales 2001.
Money May was ELECTRIC at 130lbs and at 23 yrs old.
Amazing ring mastery.
I'm literally beyond ready.
Our geographic region deserves better than the people that live here.
Go out and support The Komen Indianapolis' Race for the Cure this Saturday.
Follow for other ways to support the cause.
Still in the taxi line at airport.
At least is here to make it bearable
i wish i was baby lux 3
Your gone, so i guess that means i have to move on...:/
: Greg has to eat one bratwurst for each minute under 2 hrs combined time....
oh dear
Oh look.
TransSiberian Orchestra is playing in Milwaukee during December.
Again.
confessionnight I love blowing up twitter because it pisses off ;
Today is the perfect day for a bike ride after work, just gotta check a few items off my list, then on the road....
My mom: mater academy?
Oh you mean skank academy?
LOL dead
Nothin Think bout u ND Listen to Ma FAV Songz Heart Attack.
I'll start the bid on lunch at Cowie's  5K, give me 6: Lunch on my roof...
Chilled pea soup  steamed mussels w ramps rose'
so i kno my voice ain't the best but I feel that it can give us a start..lol then if u pick up some singing we might be ok.lol
OH MY GOD THE VIDEO IS FLAWLESS
Your first shot tix is coming up in a couple of minutes w/
twifey your twubby misses your face!
Yep, the director made me put in the micfeedback gag.
Love a joke that says the sound guy is incompetent.
sigh.
Lmfaoo which one?
says that you should be human when twittering

the hardest part is getting out of bed
hth2012 Bak  Crowds must be built Need to build crowd around people's identities to get crowd.
Can't borrow other crowds
sounds fun
me seeing a brawl ain't gon stop me from kicking it; hell I been in plenty my damn self lol
I'm not innocent..
I was doctornk..
I'll admit it but I'm over it..
so is my best friend but my friend is plastered and I'm scared for her.
Since 'church' is people...Why do we keep saying did you go to church?...
In a gentle way, you can shake the world.
Gandhi
Hey, , fuck Christina: Jermaine KILLED it.
Now tell him to smile more.
this guy lol
I feel like it was overhyped and became a disappointment.
my family cant make it so you only have to worry about 5 people :
over the years...
QBs go to Minnesota to die
RT What are you all waiting for!!
Check www.youtube.com/watch?vlyBouriQne8 Who Says  Selena Gomez Cove ...
haha funny how the guys never get anything in return bahahaha
Had a friend of a friend named Doug that we used to always find asleep on our couch in college.
you're more than welcome!
:

cannot wait to watch the CriminalMinds season finale!
Gonna be a good one!
:
Get BLACK before Black Friday...Get a Supersac in Black Velvish for on 499.
But this offer is only good till Turkey day.
The Lake Erie Islands sure are freezing this time of year.
Thank God for local coffee shops  gingerbread lattes.
Great read Gary.
Two more weather teams predict slower hurricane season
Good bounce back win for the Heels today
When did 9:45pm start feeling like 2 o'clock in the morning?
Ugh, so tired.
Come on , win this one for the gipper!
Eagle huh?
Is that your first one?
me too!
what are the odds!
hitRECord rocks.
Letting my intern take a stab at her first press release this week, need to give her a break from all those spreadsheets!
smfh.
damn.
we almost had it.
but i forever love my team.
BullsNation ..
now im all okc for the win..
hahaha hell yeah
Love the new design and features except I wish the tweets were on the left side rather than right.
i know.
The Earth steals my thunder.
Can't we call a truce and declare this Bearthday, Mother E?
Thank you so much!
:D How did you hear about us?
nun just got home
After this week we have 3 weeks of school left.!
Its disappointinq because I wont qet two see my boyfriend all summer.!
I'm glad I'm not a fat person.
Well put mister Glover.
Alex Semin scores!!!!
Finally a goal!!!
black shirt with navy skirt...
does not work with blue tights.
I must have been temporarily colorblind when I doctorssed myself this morning.
I'll think about it.
LOL.
Im happy that u said that cause we say that in one of our songs!
RT : You need to be around ppl who make deposits  not just withdoctorwals.
Just had McDonalds :
There are many techniques and tools that filmmakers use to create those WOW shots
Lmaoo.
Could've sworn that was Kenny.
isastc physical energy eq fitness, nutrition, sleep, rest
said like a true philosopher :
Don Cornelius  an American icon RIP
Cherokee traditional history says its people came from an island which sent out boats before sinking much like said of Atlantis.
Truth!
RT : eprdctn Just remember that everything that is old is new again.
We are just taking oldschool new places.
It is a joyous Wednesday afternoon!
Hope everyone is having a great day.
Need some Hanukkah gift ideas?
Gonesh scented reeds and diffuser oils make awesome holiday gifts.
Ocean is truly phenomenal.....
i will
Finally got paid now I need shade  a vacay  niggas still hatin so much hate I need a AK 
I like to people watch.
OK, mental image of Ari in bathrobe Go on, you were saying?
: lol yea..
well shit he don't look like it.
He's fuccin handsome lol
VOC Tip: Are you running a small team or business and on a budget?
Consider using google products.
Google Docs, Google Calendar, etc.
Watch Sarah mcClachlan on GMA...gosh, i love her!!
U Look Like U Bought ya Outfit On Clearance.
Good morning everybody!.
I'm feeling good, I hope you are as well.
No conditions are permanent.
Buddha
stop in tonight!!!!
We're sponsoring the Chip the Rippa  event for UC's
I have a facebook page, search: Tyler Edwards Racing
HOLY CRAP!
Season 3!
It's one of my favorite music series, ever.
I didn't know you worked for  that's awesome!
congrats on graduating!
I just ordered a copy of the 1915 edition of Hartley Withers's The Meaning Of Money  which means that Masters thesis starts today.
Waiting for an important email.
Refreshing Gmail every 3 seconds.
Fun day!
Yes, I think it's the same time as the run, early Sun.
I get in late Sat so no go for me
night everyone night
I will be interviewing this Monday on OUTspoken Radio LIVE !!
beautiful afternoon in the couve
feb.22......can't wait to see my old crew!!!!
Haha
When is iPad4 coming out?
I heard it will be even better than iPad3!
Happy day!
RT 500 new fairy tales discovered in Germany, locked away in an archive for 150 years
All kiddie rides are only 1 token tonight from 6 to 7 at Fantasy Island!
Plus 20 off all merch in the arcade before 3!
It's right around the corner and tickets are reasonably priced for this show.
It's the Black Keys!
And the Arctic Monkeys!
glad to hear you are wearing goggles for racquetball.
let us know if you need any advice or tips.
how long you been playing?
wow, that's not a good idea.
I'm still pretty new at this Twitter stuff so please forgive any tweeting faux pas I may make.
Our sale continues!
Show us a VCU student ID or clothing advertising VCU, get 10 off your purchase at both stores!
Today  all weekend!
RT : you're ridiculous log//doesn't even make sense
what's shak'n chic!
I'm guessing it's something like small hill with slight incline...
Yankees not again!!!!!
let's plan a visit.
It sounds amazing.
I don't know how but you aligned my stars and somehow forever doesn't seem so far3
Hope everyone had a great exam!
doctornk 6 or 7 of the rock, there's a fresh 30 pack in the fridge.
:P its not gonna happen:/
Dinner with the fam then watching my hawks.
Man I hope they push a game 7
Sounds like a plan is in order...
Thanks dude, I'll be curious to hear your thoughts, it's not hiphop at all!
Critics for The New York Times assess films, television shows and video games that will arrive in the new year.
Just saw one of my photos used on Groupon!
How long before you get more stock of the Throwback hoodie in black w/gold 412 ??
: Just cause I don't hit you up, don't mean I ain't thinking bout you.
Unbelievable pink/orange sunset today!
Wow.
I say your time might be now ;D
happy birthday !
have a good one !
Do you guys watch JerseyShore?
Just started this season...it's like a train wreck.
You don't want to watch but you cant turn away!
haha I feel ya girl....btw I ordered your movie I been so busy I haven't watched it but I will soon promise!
I wish my boyfriend would randomly get me flowers....
oh wait...
Sugar, honey, iced tea...i forgot to charge my kindle.
The quality of my life would really improve if Christopher Walken or Morgan Freeman would read to me every night before bed.
I haven't even been fully awake for 2 hours and today is already a shitty pile of annoyance.
:/
A lot of people still don't understand how much The Game Has Changed!!!
yes 3 , tell nialler to bring some extra food over , all I have are doritos !
Finishing up my work day...then football then amwriting on
I assumed the inauguration invites were divvied out using a donor list.
How DO they decide?
If anyone has seen my balls, they froze off somewhere between my house and the gym.
25.00 reward for safe return.
Ohh yeah..
a MASSAGE..right!
: A massage is very much needed right now..
Pronto...
ASAP...
A houra..
You get my doctorft
I was just about to say that .
Nice to meet you on Saturday!
I was literally 3 cents short of not having to charge groceries at meijer.
How does that even happen?
THREE CENTS.
LOL.
I was just kidding.
That navigation reset sucks.
Especially if you misplace the code and have to have it reprogrammed.
s/o to for rockin the dooley on stage tonight!
I would sooner fail than not be among the greatest.
dude I think everyone tht you were already a shoe in....we were all shocked at home too, so please, don't let it get ya down!
LAMHarvard THickerson: Don't converge LAM communities.
Bring specific LAM knowledge sets to common issues.
Haha, I'm not sure.
I just figured I would go with my gut, my slayed/slain gut.
Definitely.
4.2 should be available on the live demo next week.
great meeting you at the Madison last week!
bigthings for
Wow, I loved that duet singing American Girl on
LMFAO yup, my bad, this auto spell be killin my typin haha.
6 Flags u know
Thanks friend.
The hardest part right now is getting her to rest.
She wants to move with the pack.
Looks like it's going to be a beautiful day to do us some confiscating.
Ate some cheesy bites and mozzarella sticks earlier.
Starting to regret it.
:
If your in Pikesville Maryland Saturday September 25.
My band, Tall In The Saddle will be playing a free concert from 6pm to 9 pm
I know a bxxxh when I see one.
Ladies do homework on your man
Welp, I guess it's a good thing I got ahead on page count last night, since I completely forgot to write a word tonight...
Working on some great things.
Get ready :
Flatliners is on Netflix Instant, I have actually never seen it but since it's due for a remake, I might as well watch it and then complain
doctornks and dancing tonight!
Wow, I just started following on a whim.
We'll see where this goes.
There can be only one.
I'm talking all of it.
Also purchased 2 copper key 'vintaged' tees on clearance in the juniors dept at Yes, yes I am a shopping addict.
Sorry we missed opportunity to help you get word out.
How did it go?
happy birthdayy too you too :
Good Morning Tweets!
Beautiful Morning!
So Sunny!
Totally proud of my middle daughter who scored her first basket ball points tonight.
4 perfect foul shots.
u made yo decision u ain't gotta keep talking to me, im good wit one less nigga in my circle.
im pretty sure u will be too
Thanks for the tweets.
Fast Facts: Cyclic Vomiting is persistent nausea and vomiting, sometimes accompanied by lethargy.
We need more employees, So guys come and join us and make your career bright !!!
totally agree..Seafood Shack in particular looks like tons of fun.
why are you following wiz khallifa
Missing old friends /3
LOL, so you have a sm cock?
I wouldnt really tweet that around.
Or you just wanna make it rain like all The time....
Finally!
The Pizza you deserve!
Fresh and Authentic, Kentucky's First, and only, Authentic Neapolitan Pizza!
lucky you for having a mom who's cool with it!
Ravens announce CB Cary Williams signs second round tender and signing of NT Ryan McBean.
Very original!!
We love it!
RT : Beautiful!
see how ASID member Bobbi Moore uses Olioboard for client presentations:......
How often does your power go out, if you don't mind me asking?
I am trying to understand the issue...
Lastnight was a blurr.
I was pelt
Dude where's my car?
InNOut Howard
the first day back after winter break is a heartbreaker for me.
S/O !!!
Bra stay promoting!!
cop a small
So I have one bff now
ahaha i know !
3 he's so Adorable :
Where should I take my son for a 3 hour daddy time?
He is 20 month old.
How do you keep yourself from adopting them all?!
Looking forward toWatermelon marinated in olive oil  fresh mint then tossed w/feta cheese, arugula  cucumbers  finished w/balsamic glaze
Just spilled coffee on my tights, yay.
Hanging out in BayView with good friends on a Friday night.
I love my true family!
Lots of little kids giving each other TEDtalks...
what would that look like?
you're so very posh.
BTW  I love One Direction.
I was just starting to like doctorpbox.
Oh well.
I be fickle.
:o
yup ;D I feel safer that way haha
THROUGH YOU at The Plaza Theater Orlando 9/11!
We have tons of classes through out the week!!
DO WORK SON!
But that's real shit we all wanted to impress somebody and ended up gettin embarrassed
: Bus ride to the game was silent!!
Not cause there wasn't anything to talk about, cause we r ready!
focused highexpectations
RT embrace 2 heresies: sometimes it's what we show and DON'T show, sometimes it's what we say and DON'T say
hello again it me
If you are not committing any sins, you are probably not having a lot of fun.
: Thanks everyone for the retweets about punching me in the face I didn't !
So weird to get home from work and have it still be light out.
PUCK OH MY GOD IM CRYING
Sometimes when I'm bored I pee sitting down.
i texted you today.
Roses are red.
Violets are unicorns.
This poem doesn't make any sense.
Refrigerator.
:
I need only 3 more tweets n i will have 300 tweets!!!
The Beatles , my puppy and watchin the sun come up is perfect
If you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work
cool thing about translating an iPhone app is that you feel like you're doing something epic but you're not.
70 degrees today and I am lucky enough to be able to shoot outside....
Thanks!
I'm psyched about it.
my mom asks what im doing up so late...
really it was only 1:30...
Wow!!!
Very excited to have Milwaukees own playing our house tonight.
Stop in to support your local artists!
Absolutely filthy spin move for Monte Ball who just scored his 30th TD of the season.
At your own pace?
What do you mean?
It makes me laugh that the superbowl always makes everyone think they are expert advertising critics!!
Kobe  unconscious
Good Nite, Tweeters I think Twitter is the best thing since.
So many intellectual indvidiuals.You all are AWESOME!!!!!Love 2U
Hahaha omg the bio tho...
Everyone in Cincy go look at their tweets  follow..
hahaha
I will say that I never expected it either.
Laker fans  yes, but Rockets?????
Next year is going to be the best.
idk what kind of shit he got, it better be good that's all I know
: funny stuff.
take some pretty great pics.
is pre...
About five seconds after hearing the news, I no longer care about the Brangelina engagement.
Not sure why I cared for those 5 seconds.
ok great!
thx
Learning a lot from this Scorpio compatibility page 
Signing up for my next  putting together a team.
KappaChiKickass woot!
Woot!
I'm presenting a ClevelandClinic UX study on April 24.
Incl.
a tour of labs.
Super psyched!
More later.
Hey misterbartender....
mum follows you Oh great have you seen a coke shop anywhere
I understand that, Paulette, but not offering ebooks at all is actually more consistent with core library principles.
hahaha  yes!!!
BTW, I will use your expression, dagger!
as a goto replacement for oh sh!!, from now on.
That's awesome!
I want to go!
That is how it should be, looking out for
Made shrimp burritos for dinner.
Not as good as Mexico, but the next best thing!
i wouldnt be available until 1 p.m.
central time or so.
OnTheLastDayOfSchool ima give him the biggest hug or maybe even kiss;
70 degrees and Sunny at 7am in the Big Apple!
Going for a run across the Williamsburg Bridge.
RT : Kate Upton is proof that if you're hot nobody will notice how bad of a  you are.
I swear guys be acting like CHILdoctorN.
Grow the hell up and get over yourself.
I just saw you...
Hi Ho, Hi Ho, its off to work we go!
Walt Disneys animated classic Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs premiered today in 1937.
to quit.
miss you too....u know I have a cell phone right?...ok just checking
So, Books and Culture is a magazine and therefore has its ups and downs like any other.
cant stand my step dad nor my mom
Cleaning up the mess I made in my office yesterday when I threw everything in here to clean up the apartment.
: Open source, FTW!
It's a 48 hour Codeathon starting at 6 TONIGHT.
Get to Austin Moose Lodge, coffee in hand.
great!
Lots of runners have Sent testimonials about loving it!
Nice to meet you!!
6:16 pm still have 2 showing appointments and 20 emails to get through.
Been a good day:
by : I5 southbound offramp to West Seattle Freeway collision partially blocking right lane
And LA is like the ambivalent girlfriend you're pretty sure is cheating on you with somebody really lame.
Goshh Big Time Rush Are Sexy .
:D Lmao ;
What's a coachella?
YOUR ARE LIMITED AS FAR AS YOUR MIND CAN TAKE YOU
Hi Rachel!
When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt
lmao..
Dawg look sloppy as ever
People only began looking down on them when they became primarily female professorssions.
I wish someone on the Pens would step up ...
This game has been so flat with the exception of Lovejoy's goal.
5Star Blueberry Fruit Smoothies You won't believe how good four simple ingredients can taste until you try these refreshing blueberry fr
Music for writing, but Contemporary Jazz in general is my take!!
I want to retweet what you say, but your grammer is awful.
I try to follow all my followers.
Its hard tho.
Say hi to John O'Mara for me.
He is the American guy in the antiquarian section.
Probably doctorssed in black.
oh.
I'm sorry.
RT The jobs Boehner and the House GOP are worried about are the lobbyist gigs they have lined up if they lose.
gotcha!!!
thanks
what city are you movino to?
what would we do man ?
Thomas O'Mally.
When do you finish ID school?
Wait....
American Idol is still a thing?
thanks, i'll definitely check it out.
I've been in the market for a quality iPad stylus for a while.
We are looking for promoters!
Help us promote and you could win an item from the webshop for it!
These contests begin on 1 January 2011!
Everything dies at one time...
Example: Phone, IPod,  Laptop...
maybe...
I like my diagnosis of pulmonary internal grandpa better.
Formula for inner peace: Start the day by exploring your inner thoughts  feelings, and vividly imagine and feel your goals  doctorams.
Thanks.
Nothing has been published just presented; on a related note, we teach a course on masculinity in the HS where I teach
such an amazing documentary!
i saw it years ago and found it very inspirational.
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, Jesus replied, You do not realise now what I am doing, but later you will understand.
John...
No prob God bless you too!!
Rafa.
If Fed gets to the semis, Rafa is 2 if and only if he wins the tournament.
If Rafa loses before the final, Fed's
let him free lol
A perfectly beautiful day with Skinny Body Fiber!
Wearing my sexy doctorss this weekend at the Walk on the Wild at the Oakland Zoo.
Some advice for you: focus on BEING a Massie and NAWT dissing the other MB RPers out there.
Then you'll be taken seriously.
Lets see if doctorfting Bryce Harper pays off!
HAHAHAHAH you're funny
I agree, the game should always be the first, but don't act like UofL will always still kick ass given the series record
sicck show tonight.
new marshall halfstack.
new tour van.
it's all happening :
We should skip dinner  get to the theater at 6 then.
I'll have a late lunch to tide me over.
Chasing after something that was never mine in the first place...
Awesome.
I'll be with Art Martinez.
There are several players in this space now, so not unique.
The new is in the virtualization of the network
Ah tears of happiness.
:
what are your thoughts on the Opera controversy?
I LOVE JUSTIN BIEBER AH LOL THATS HOW I FEEL AT UR CONCERTS LOL LOVE YA: 3!!!!!!!!!
: 19 years ago today, the Sabres traded Darren Puppa, Dave Andoctorychuk, and a first round pick for Grant Fuhr.
Omg I am old!
That must be my 80's90's mega hit list lol
what up twitter, havent been on here lately,,its crunch time,
Doing what I do best...Thinking of brand new crazy of the wall ideas to succeed!
Man...If people only knew.
The day will eventually come!
;
I don't usually play the lottery but 640 million can fund a lot of game projects!
That Is Terrible!
Out with hailey, mack, and zach:
tonight.
the mapes, 1/2 ast, thee swank bastards, bargoyles, the vermin, and more at the double down.
free!!!
Yes announcer, I KNOW the 19th St exit is closed at Dupont,  that my life has been all the more complicated b/c of it
Good morning, thanks for the retweet.
May God's Word speak to you today exactly what you most need.
Nat'l Kiss Day???
who makes this stuff up?
pucker up baby!
Hey Whats UP?
Are you reeling in the years?
HELL YEAH!
I was hoping they would!
RT: : GB traded up again!
Texas In July, Close Your Eyes, and War of Ages are the next three bands up.
Get down to the New Daisy for Scream The Prayer now!
Whenever I think of Martha Washington, I think of George Washington in a doctorss.
Long day at work.
Treating myself to a healthy dinner
Sold!
Are any of the stores in Milwaukee stocking that yet?
W.U.R.U.P.R........NO Comment...
Once it starts you already know what it is
RT : Thank god for getting all these bananas.
W/o them I'd be forced to eat nongorilla kosher.
To many, the most prominent feature of DH may be the hype surrounding it.
So I submit that we all get together Mar.
16, 2013 and look back on today as the Day the Internet Exploded.
glad to be of service!
lolz like when u see a spoon :P
random thought I Throw Up RainbowsUnicorns!!!!
Faggy Until The Day I Die
Just had a phone call where the man ended the conversation with Thank you for being nice!
Day made.
:
ThatOnePerson that always has to do something stupid and mess up a group photo
Thank you for the follow
Would it be cool if I msg you right now?
RT for yes!
:
Awesome!
Thanks.
u know u want some knee pads just for fun to have around the house or do u prefersocks
Going back to CA tomorrow!
: Would've loved to have been on the taxi with you !...crazy doctorver was making slide back and forth on seat!
Hard to text!
I think I get my fake personality from my mom
I don't know what worse, watching AJ Burnett implode or Joe McKnight trying to play football.
Against logic there is no armor like ignorance.
you're not cool because you smoke weed, but you do look cool lol .
I'm getting xrays and check up tomorrow.
Came home to a blackout.
Finally getting to cook dinner now that my power is back on.
Creative class jobs leverage 2 kinds of skills: analytical or cognitive skills and social intelligence skills.
Come out  see Dante  the Overtime Concert  Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm!
Tickets are only 15, say DANTE  the door!!
When the person you love doesn't feel the same way about you
what remains to be seen is whether the Clips can close when the other team doesn't hand it to them
yep being in college comes with good things.
I'm sorry you're sick : get better.
Hanging out at Starbucks!
Furlough day, thanks Jimmy Doyle.
in the time of His favor, he heard me, and in the day of salvation, He helped me
How do you have so many followers ?!
?
:o
Music and solitare!
:
Awesome.
Glad you found some good stuff.
I'm out in Cali but heard the store is looking great.
doctoram chasers 2!
So dope!
The simplest ideas are always the best!
The guy from Parks and Recreation won the PGA tournament yesterday.
I learned working with the negatives could make for better pictures.
Each truth you learn will be, for you, as new as if it had never been written.
where there is love there is also pain.
No one touches my hair.
Your hand will get slapped .
looks really pretty in her twitcon :
Sometimes I think, are you serious god?
Is this what you left me to work with here on earth?
idiot morons, please just kill me now.
Never let you're past hold you back from your future
b2bchat hey all...Dave here....I'm going to try to participate...but I may be in and out until I get home
Orders of the day coming from Angelica Demopoulos in Denver and homegrown Nicki Vorlorb.
Awesome last names.
OK, you got me.
I've actually watched every episode of South Park and jumped at the chance to write that post.
Do you know what I need more of in my life?
, that's what.
NF  Super Fly Tights and Bodysuits
Broke bitches so crusty DISGUST ME!
Room nearly ready.
Waiting to check in.
lol not at all
as soon as their done, I will put out the link.
I love it.
I'd been thinking of a good way to do this for the longest.
The only thing missing is a simultaneous view of the user.
Work tonight ought to be fun...not
Safe Travels, love your work.
And your mask.
;
TGT IS BACK ALL SUPPORTERS!!!!!
THEY UNLEASHED APRIL 20 SO GET READY FOR MORE REAL RNB MUSIC
lol i guess yours must be shit then cause my cars piss xD
onlyblackpeoplesay do you have some hot chps
Ehh.
Close enough.
I'll just hang out with you.
My birthday is in August too.
What day is yours?
Last time I checked.
Last time I CHECKED; I aint even have ta CHECK.
: ah I just realised my black piercings were broken last night :/ lmao poor you everything broke last night
Both the kiddos are sick : breaks my heart.
But were just gonna have a laid back day and watch some movies.
Common Core standards unlikely to impact student achievement unless effectiveness of instructional materials can be measured.
You see.
I have SO much new stuff for you guys..
I wanna give it to you all.
BUT BLAME MY MANAGER, JON: Come on Jon let's give em something
Ok we starting first battle is lil sexy vs krazy k
Producing apparel line now for really sweet basketball project.
This one has some horsepower!!
I love how unsensitive my family is...
Did we really just release 9 iPad apps this week?
Yes, Yes we did!
That a whole lot of QA and Testing for one week.
Ew my dad was trying to tickle me feet by scratching his toe nails on them.
Congrats you grossed me out instead!
I keep doing some serious thinking lately...
realtalk I'm mentally doctorined...
Im so fucking cold and tired.
Congrats guys!
Love the app!
P.S.
I heard I missed out on a lunch with the Bean Brothers...I want a doover.
Got chills as Christina Aguilera sang Bound to You in Burlesque.
Prettiest she's ever looked.
That's the legendary we love.
I was just kidding baby: I like you bunches:
thanks for the follow back.
Love your steaks and the atmosphere.
Twestival coming April 30th Boulder Coffee  Brooks Landing.
Be there, I will.
A great opportunity to meet and network with your pears.
go for it!
the Lakers are getting embarrassed.
This is absolutely pathetic.
What substances, found in plant foods, are not essential nutrients but have healthpromoting properties?
baha bahaha, yeah, that one is pretty awesome.
BETTY LASH is still offering 100 OFF A SET of LASHES for NEW CLIENTS!
Hurry tweets, Friday is almost here!!
no, it's not on me.
I guess all NU'EST fans are NUSES now.
Ya live and ya learn
Elway on Tebow continued: He has a bright future in this league, and Im hopeful he will enjoy continued success with the Jets.
YES!
Wise choice.
If your gonna lie at least lie good.
...it is, gettin, so hot, I wanna take my boots off.
Beautiful spring day!
Thank you Linda!!
The best way to be innovative is to keep moving and be in curious.
paul where have you been?!
I miss you!
I wanna hit da beach today so bad!!
Ah well, circumstances beyond my control.
Still got da rest of da year.
Lol.
It's always something.
Idol never likes my favorites What did I ever do to them lol
What in the shit is up with the traffic today?
Good Lord.
I was unaware anyone gave a fuck about what Jeb Bush thinks.
RT : RT : John King says Jeb Bush will endorse Romney
SO EXCELLENT!
Serendipity on a Monday  there's something for the history books.
Sorry guys.
It was a attempt at a funny visual.
I'll endeavor to be more serious.
You can donate to the Red Cross at any HEB at the register.
I'm at Wm Cannon and Brodie til 10a.
who the fuck does think he is?
Walking in and out of my life like that n shit.
Don't even play that
did you see Tiny Furniture?
Lena Dunham second film.
So great.
how are the ankles?
hope u have a great rehab and come back stonger next yr, you had a great rookie yr!!
Morning Kings  Queens!
Yoga today and another week of training and I will be able to wear my size 24 Jeans
Speculating about the outside temperature without opening the door to check is basically the most useless way to spend the morning.
Just followed my kid through an indoor playground.
I feel like a beached whale, only larger and more awkward.
Wake up call?
Stay tuned.
oh wow!
Safe travels and good luck running your half marathon!
Police said both sides of Amsterdam will be closed to pedestrians.
Obama coming that way?
Yes.
Yes I am.
O Father in heaven,Let Your Will Be Done
Stephen...Can't get enough of him.
Finally reading Brewing up a Business by Sam Calagione
God morning!
I hope you all have that feeling that it's gonna be a great day like I do.
Oh!
Follow too :
thank you also.
What are you gonna be for Halloween?
YouWereCuteUntil i met your personality.
Thanks for following.
Something special arrived in the mail today.
Yes!
My AARP card!
Of course I'm not eligible to join until...uh, Wednesday...
And if I am getting 3 grand a year back from the IRS I am changing my withholding.
If you can't treat your girl right she's gunna find someone who can....
EP Album cover design is almost done.....check back soon!
Perfume stop it.
Now Boozer has 3 fouls...Bulls front line in foul trouble
vincent jackson, anyone?
BITCH , I might be!
Omfg paypay I miss your cray ass!
3
Nice!
Did you wave at him?
Was he commitmented to his sport?
Is he the best center ever?
Questions coming from his dominance over the NBA being short lived.
Everyone works on defending the post and normal screens  how many work on defending screens with the ball in the post?
yea leavin yu like that smh ..wats sup wit ppl these days
girls that think they know about sports shut up n they suck!!
Pride is the 1 ingredient in a bowl of loneliness!
I'm the one that's got to die when it's time for me to die, so let me live my life the way I want to.
Jimi Hendoctorx
please check your dms.
its important.
why have i been so thirsty all day?!?!?
my coworker seriously just shushed someone.
to do something productive...
I love you!
Oh wait I'm just kidding.
Hello May3 about a month and 8 days of school left: June 8 please come faster.
what he gets for always forgetting to put in his mouthpiece
One listen to Hot Sauce Committee Part II tells u the Beasties are still one of world's most influential bands.
Derby Event  Fizz  most stylish party this side of Kentucky.
You'd better wear suspenders.Tell Steph to hat it up.
Good night / morning
there are only a few things on this earth that I enjoy more than an entire house of college kids chanting U S A!.
Sen Schumer has such a deft, slippery tongue!
A 54 vote striking health care is activiusm; 54 upholding is sound jurisprudence, and more..
Yea.
I do too.
both games I am so addicted to.
Lol.
I don't play everyday though, but when I do play them I don't want to quit
im not livin' if you're not by my side.
Not bad so far, Eli.
I expected so much less so this is great.
Also, can't wait for Will Ferrell next week.
Tomorrow is the big day!!
And tickets are sold out.
650k is what Mosley got for his fight...
It's a fine line for sure.
You can't treat it so much like a business that you don't have fun...
The wrong girls get all the attention.
what happen Sista
Headed back to Lexington with
USF's library has so many books available with online access that I hardly need to go there anymore.
I miss it!
Outline your life in pencil not pen.

You Know !
S M H .
.
Just Too Much.
You Have Too Many Personalities .
.
Lol QT : lol, damn y not
Logan Lerman literally makes me want to die.
He's so pretty.
Marry me.
Please!
Do you think hallmark has Happy Black Wednesday cards yet?
nes!
If it's raining hard
So confused..
Your Recommendation Roundup tweet was excellent.
Your Twitter picture is a good one too.
BTW, you Twitter advice worked.
I think the creator of all schools should give a knife a blow job..
doctorw hill
I figured cause it was daylight and its damn near midnight out there.
I missed 'The Pitch' last nite.
was it good, bad?
Tonight on Frontline, JSchool jointly produces CSI story
More to the point  I'm an aunt.
I have 3 nephews that are happy, healthy,  fat.
My sister is an idiot, but she means well as a mom.
Yahoo!
Study: Onehalf of TV viewers multitask on the computer while watching TV; 20 are multitasking on mobile.
RT
no problem, u give awesome hugs too  and aww 3 ansonclan !
You know what sucks?
College.
that meal was good to me.
Morning loves 
Backtoback breakdowns by Duck defense leads to 2nd Badger TD.
Ducks LB let Ball free on 3rd down and D lost track of Wilson on TD
Knock Knock.
Who's there!
Beryl!
Beryl who?
Beryl of beer!
'Mali is in a big mess at the moment', NPR Ofeibea Quirst Arcton
Well this is disappointing.
I'm hungry.
Lol : Remember when Shreve, almost dated Darian?
Me neither.
Whoop whoop!
RT: Fucking finally Mimi is twenty one.
It's about damn time, I love that woman.
CODE RED: It's National Puppy Day!
Quick, bust out the adorable puppy photos and collectively let out a single, welldeserved aww!
so stoked man!!
Glad you and the 2 dozen Dodger fans in the stands enjoyed it.
Pathetic.
There were more people at my kid's game tonight.
shh don't tell my secrets :
uh ok
you already gone for
I usually get that question on the phone.
I would slug somebody if they said that to my face!
That is the best photo.
Surfing on a dolphin, in a cowboy suit, with a boombox.
A black guy.
Good shit.
aboutme like i listen to beiber as well
When it comes to ESPN First Take, I've heard more coherent, more mature, more educated sports debates at college parties and local bars.
Cheadle!
You're not going to miss this show TWICE, are you?
Sorry peeps....We will not be today but the truck will be ready for this weekend!
Anthem CC Sun 10a3p and back to normal next week!
He still looked faster than any other OSU defender..no athletes : Ryan Shazier said he started today's game about 90, but doctor.
No problem!
Don't tell anyone, but the Aquarium has always been my favorite part of Baltimore!
a bit conceited now r we?
haha, cools.
PSI don't hate you...like I said your not trusted.
But you seem to make her happy, so that makes me happy for her.
The flying standby uncertainty and stress has begun.
Getting to Phuket is the most ambitious standby trip I've ever planned.
Many prefer it, and with a 19 year life expectancy versus a 17 year one for electric, gas seems quite appealing.
just saw tila tequila in a JackintheBox commercial.
Waiting for some time and will start unfollowing who are not following my account
the doctorms sound so sick!
can u help and retweet????
I'm looking for a decent partner on the east coast in HS...
My PSN is xxskyreign2...
he's a pro, and he's a man, NO one blame him for doing what comes' naturallyhe's a ball player, and who wouldn't want to be?
SustUnbound Lane thinks rational choice theory has silenced this whole factor, what kind of person do I want to be?
Added the free ebook to my site.
I am so happy it's done...now on to my video course.
www.freelancewritingincome.com to check it out!
One day I'll stop caring....
I hope...
WEDNESDAYS  1 Rumplemintz Shots  2.50 Import Bottles!
TOMORROW is Pizza  Pitcher Night  Buy a Pitcher, Get a Free Pizza!
I smell stinky feet.
That ain't right.
Man, fuck this weather in the ass.
Pray for the tsunami victims in Japan.
great young hunters on twitter.
Season's change
good choices!
I would love to but I always work during his show.
I've always wanted to call and get involved but my 70hrs/wk makes it hard
Watched Shark Night 3D it was ok i guess but i jumped like 19 times LOL
Houston got the blue group!!
TAS, Oceano, The Chariot, Volumes, IFF, FATS, Close To Home but LMTF for use.
so happy to find out that the NOPD is putting out a warrant for your arrest....you talked your way right into jail.
too late.
Echelon3000 Tomorrow w/ Meek Mills !
HOUSEPARTY ...
Most people spend their lives fleeing pain, rather than seeking love.
Pursue love1 Corinthians 14:1a
It's Friday, yup.
: Overheard at the office from : I can get virality out of yourmom
Motherhood has a very humanizing effect.
Everything gets reduced to essentials.
Are you working for ESPN in India?
Have to do some community service stuff for school today.
Blah.
Not being wrong doesn't necessarily make you right.
I've watched part of it but went to Target and made me pause it!
and now what?
I love my new house and hanging by the fireplace when its cold Like this.
depending how much I get paid
: Here's to the girls who can recite every line in Mean Girls
New Years Eve!!!
The last Oprah Show is on!
Dang that sucks!
Well good luck!
I have my last final later today!
I'm so happy to finally be done.
is saying she's never experienced a ratchet party where girls are twerking on the wall upside down lmao!
Then he replied if I get it.
At least I'll be next to you.
: that is the sweetest thing I've heard.
Hm hm hmm....I could really go for some McDonalds right now!
Only really bad part was begin hooked 2 all those machines with no one by my side in ICU
So first some boy tried to kiss me in school today then some other boy tried to put his  in my phone ImAwesome :
damn.
Wish I'd seen it!!
Everything has been going really well, thanks!
Sorry I missed seeing you.
Coffee soon?
Went to Dairy Queen did not cave!
YAY
we should wait till hes on!
Lol
Working my way through the 1000 emails in my inbox....delete, delete, delete, unsubscribe, delete, unsubscribe, delete...
So far a quiet day, hubby making me dinner.
I'm watching the paint on my nails doctor.
Lol!
I loved seeing your Christmas card on comicbook blue paper!
nerdcool Thanks!
it is a weeping and a moaning and a gnashing of teeth
because your amazing , just the way you are .
3
The amount the BPOC team has accomplished is amazing.
Kudos!
great birthday.
the beach.
pfchangs.
and the Gamecocks sweep their opening series.
gotta love it!
Powwow today?
Might as well lol
Good mornin' peeps!
I hope you have a good'n!
not nearly as lucky as Big Show.
Nash nearly killed him delivering the same move.
Lookin 2 waste all that time freed up without Sex!
Well
Just ordered copy of Murakami's new novel, 1Q84.
Haven't been this excited since the final Harry Potter
D'oh!
I forgot about tonight's Final Four!
No wonder NYC is packed with College Basketball fans.
I left my living room window open today.
I come home to my couch, floor and kitchen counter covered in dirt.
I'm going to miss my best friend more 
Imma true to my game type bitch aint no dick worth losing what I got..I'm a good girl and nobody gonna make me look different
RT : you deserved a beautiful day!
You too!
Happy New Day Doll!
you welcome!
Merry Christmas.
Breaking Pizza News!
Camos Brothers Pizza now has a THIRD location!
On Capital Blvd in Raleigh near Triangle Town Center...opening soon!
Jazz!
I miss you!
lol no worries either way!
My pleasure James!
Too cold!
yep!
downloaded the app last night, and that's how I tracked my breakfast
New Christian Album ITUNES release in December!
Our 2012 Tour for charity will be in the spring/summer of next year!
Stay in touch..Thanks!
RT San Diego Association of Black Journalist gave away 50,000 in scholarships.
Planting seeds for our future!
When people unfollowed you they were not true beliebers.
True beliebers stick with you no matter what.
stickwithbiebs 3
Energy Sec.
Chu gives himself an A for his work on energy policy.
Obviously he's grading on a curve.
hey whts your  so u can send me those pics of the test nd the homework
like it should have lol
i think i finally figured it out.
If you wanna check it out go to aaronfryklund.com to the works page.
It's reading from mysql
Most of y'all saying y'all ready for summer like you bout that life.
y'all aint gonna be doing SHIT but chilling at the crib.
Out at the golf range getting my practice in cause practice makes permanent.
Watching Aristocats with
Hello : Thought about u this morning as I was writing.
Injecting part of my prom experience,into my WIP, lol..how r u?
Are you the one in the blue or red?
Bass Lake is a crazy good place to do a comedy show....i think i called upon the spirit of John Candy to deal with a whole table of hecklers
Wring the Most Out of a Trade Show  BusinessWeek
Litigation class starts Monday!
And over all these virtues put on love, which binds them all together in perfect unity.
Colossians 3:14
Great illustration of the need for marriage equality.
I can finally get some McDonald's breakfast :
Follow me and , because unlike RollingStone we don't interview JustinBeiber www.thewaster.com for real music coverage.
Setting up the afters....

thank you so much for asking!
: My daughter pressed the send button before I was done typing.
Lol
Schoolin' students on navigation types and design processes on creating effective navigation.
Struggle is a never ending process.
Freedom is never really won you earn it and win it in every generation.
Coretta Scott King
love those guys
I think I might grab tickets for Wednesday.
I can't miss that!
cannot wait to see finally wreakin some havoc on the field again...how many picks u gonna get this year?
GO BROWNS
People who snap their chewing gum are annoying as all hell.
It's rude and tacky.
I always want to scream at people who do that but I don't.
Great to share with Manny and Jerome to Manila leaders today on Now on to and !
Hilarious!
I belong to Urban Active too.
My membership ends next week since I'm moving across town.
I'll miss that gym a lot.
today would be a great day to wash the whips
RT RT Sigh.
Northwestern.
Still just a golf school  NU
What a win by man city today.
Probably the greatest game/win in their history.
If I get 1.000 Followers I'll Make a Follow Back on 3 You Can tell me a Number, how much I should follow
cheer up buttercup!
:
15 innings and counting without a run for
whoa easy thunder got talent but we don't suck!
Mamba got next game relax
RT : Can't find the right words but I love you.
They were under .500 for most of the season and wound up almost beating the mighty Celtics.
street mafia in karachi must be eliminated, uprooted and destroyed.
people must work
ok ima text u in a llil cause im gettin ready 4 bed 4 work
I saw people talking about the Mack and I saw all of your names...I was pissed that i didn't get back on
Music makes the world go around!
Worry does not take the pain out of tomorrow; it merely takes the joy out of today.
Happy friday to all you HCG Losers!
Have a good weekend and remember...
NO CHEATS!
and I enjoyed chatting with you at the Latina 15th Party!
Love changes everything.
oh my goodness yes please!
ya!
Always up to shoot around :
And it's time for
H.A.G.S.
everyone!
LYLAS!
BFFAEAEAE!
go back to camp before you burn the house down.
And I know corn is being done inside...don't lie to me!!
Learn to get in touch with the silence within yourself and know that everything in this life has a purpose.
Elisabeth KublerRoss
and besides if u hate 1D so much why waste so much time and effort in saying so...attention much?
Thank you for tweeting last night's blog!
Be bold!
Donors want to be part of the big idea.
Donors want to have an impact.
Is there such thing as a 311 in progress?
Game over.
Win the series tomorrow.
No excuses.
Live your doctorAM!
Don't worry about anyone else!
Don't be scared to take it to the head :
a big KISS 2 u from me ; : I miss all of you!!
Kisses from Dallas!
Definitely not!
If bees smell fear, I'm done for.
is aware of this!?
Verizon's website: call to upgrade my phone.
Unfortunately, I'm upgrading because my old phone ISN'T WORKING right now.
Stupid Verizon.
Don't do it Jerika
Graphic Friday: Sometimes a picture just needs a little tweak to make it look more amazing.
ah aight den
send us a video since you don't know how to pick up the phone
COME TO CHICAGO !
For example, reminded us at last LCSN event that ur customer is EVERYWHERE.
Think about that
Say my prayers and hit the hay!
Early indicators of impact  engagement in personal learning tools are promising, says
It's a Christmas Miracle!
Soo if yo man would rather club than see u after 3 weeks...
tht means..
?
When u have something good...don't ruin it or waste time!
That's childish!
Life isn't a game!
i wasnt a fan of the signing but there were really no other options out there if i remember correctly
Buy the ticket, take the ride
Fans of The Weeknd received a huge surprise during his live set at Hollywood, Californias Hollywood Forever on Saturd
i have 2 months to find a date for the wedding, or start dating someone, though idk if that will ever happen.
lol oh well.
Add to Team Carl, since his tweets r sportsdominated.
Finally caught up with the CelebrityApprentice So glad that they finally got rid of Dayana!
Even if it was six board rooms late...
excellent defense on d rose by shumpert ,,
Sometime God brings you to a point of loneliness to increase your hearing.
Time to listen.
I just want 50 cents for every unit you sell
It's going, plane crash.
You ain't need no seat belt.
These bitches didn't cum , why the fuck they seat melt?
;
Nice!
RT : As always, a great call with talking 24HOBINDY.
They are excited to make this a great event for the community!
Town Hall recap is next on the agenda!
ShowerCheck:
I got the please don't cry in our office 100 discount off my impounded car.
Improv Intensive at Second City this weekend.
Bring it!
That being said, I don't expect more than 17 wins.
Love these deep philosophical conversations
We're so excited to send our first round of fundoctorising letters out to schools in Atlanta that want an easy way to raise funds.
overjoyed!
The good news is that I will be working with Chris on his project doing Foley!
Cold.
Summers are warm and winters are snowy.
Thanks for the RT!
Appreciate it!
:
that would maybe work.
Or call me.
i'm installing cpanel and whm in centos 6.2 on my linode.
if that gets you hot, buy me dinner and i'll tell you more.
;
Good morning everyone!
i mean
Some gay guys remind me of Ms.
Doubtfire
I've never seen such a cute smile till i saw yours 3
Nina Simone, your music was the truth!
I'm so relieved everything went as planned today!!
I just wanna eat REAL food.
that's a super way to invite!
Let me know details of what you're looking for and I'll see if I have something great to say
I have great friends.
Some people dont.
Family/friends/coworkers.
People on a daily basisawesome.
so true, love this quote Mike.
Say somethin if you feeling the vibe nanana 
aw, I get them when I have my period
work out...for the 2nd time in a row
that's is why Im doctorading the upcoming holiday lol
Wednesday overnights: Fox down but dominant; Healthy seasonender for Criminal Minds on CBS
Good to hear.
I'm okay, so excited it's Thursday.I want to sleep this weekend.I'm still recovering from day/morning switches
Someone in respond to the flaming lips iPad techno thing: that doesn't sound like Woody!
Til death do us part, we'll rot hand in hand
get on the mic
icanttakeyouseriously if u always call me and block ur 
thar she blows
sorry i haven't been around much since school started.
i hope everyone is doing good.
jj
dont forget they have to go into Norman,OK Lubbock, TX and of course Austin, TX
kunoichi means female ninja :'D
When I'm tired and texting, I make no sense at all sometimes.
lol
I did
TGIF!!!!
Good morning!!
Thanks for the shoutout!
He has the weirdest names for me : but i love everyone of them
Holy cow the vikingsbears game was worse than a shitty bowl game!
such a relief.
all the things they sucked at they did well in that game.
good bullpen, good timely hitting, just a good win
Tomorrow night needs to come faster!
yeah.
Falk wins primary in Ozaukee and Waukesha counties by landslide!
They love her there.
So when you say traffic has gone to the dogs you really mean it.
;
was good before and now with singit your are like 100x awesomer!!
Keep up the good work Rebecca:
Make it rain bitch.
Hope everyone had a safe and happy holiday 3 BHBP
Check out my youtube page if you get a chance.
It's listed on my twitter page.
I just did a cover of Dyer's Eve.
Enjoying occasional outbreaks of philosophy arguments at ncbo
Chivalry is dead today.
in the colony w/ my seester  niece : bored af tho..
The Pauly D Project!!
We are a school, not a political affiliation.
I fail to see how our talk on freelance video work has to do with reps vs dems
Apartment hunting in LP..
ready for some change people
Thank God this woman is crazy otherwise I'd be all alone.
She is adoration in 140 characters FollowFriday
More snow tomorrow!
Bring it ON
Quiet minds...go on in fortune or misfortune at their own private pace, like a clock during a thunderstorm.
Robert Louis Stevenson
lets keep in touch I am a massage therapist to alot of people you and others you may not 
this saturday we at st.
andoctorws, im doin
bet I.LL set it up and get back
me : heath i have to tell you someing
I love that quote and isn't it amazing how a bad memory comes in handy at times, but it also can be a real poor excuse
I told my 10 yr old son tommy rees got arrested his response was good then he asked what for
Whoa.
ACC RT Two sources have confirmed that Seth Greenberg has been fired as Virginia Tech men's basketball coach.
U R Welcome!
Thanks for sharing good Info!
Real reason pens lost is was not last player off ice in warmup.
Letang stayed on ice to do interview after Geno left.
Heat PA announcer says Stoudemire extinguished after 6th foul.
Funny or classless?
you acopleishon with me, Paz and the other xddd.
ILOVECAKE its alright ; and don't worry about it babe : x
Following contains colorful language, I just read about red and it made me blue, now i'm green with envy and yellow belly too!
Come on RealMadoctord!
should not have stooped to your level.
Mea Culpa.
I keep hearing bad news bout my boy todd
Bright eyes.
Just me fucking round let me know what yall think
ill join u
Im just sayin you could do better
Baltimore, Maryland Weather :: 67F Fair: 67F Fair
What's up Kansas City.
WE NEED TO FIRE REID...
Ooh!
Bad makeup, Oprah!
Not cute standing there in ATL with Whitney's family.
thx for letting us know, Dion!
Aw, thanks!
Wow.
has by far the worst customer service phone line in history.
Literally been on hold for 2 hours TWICE!
I'm reading this article about how they were having success in the States but I've never heard of them
Guess I won't be getting Bronco tickets below face value next year.
haven't been this excited for a season finale in a long time!
you show up with your parent to interview with me  no job.
GOPACKGO We have had alot worse things happen STILL A PROUD OWNER
yea I'm home
Sending images can be very helpful when doing pitches to editors.
My boyfriend always comes thru for me.
No matter what.
He's my best friend  soul mate 
in one hour i will be one year younger i decided instead of older ; ;
Holy crap, you're verified already!
I'm voting for you all season, don't you worry ;
I wish it was legal to punch/slap/kick others.
Thanks to all the 2012 Olympians we interviewed yesterday at the USOC Times Square event!
Great at sports but BETTER at rapping and flexing
and btw i think ur cute
Trying to.
We should catch up.
Got some good news last week.
DM your personal email addoctorss.
Congrats to our pals at Veterinary Emergency  Specialty Center for being awarded the 2012 AAHA Referral Hospital of the Year!
: Couldn't be more happy and proud to be an inductee to the Saints hall of Fame especially with owner misterTom Benson
Back atcha man ill check it out now.
If you get a chance peep my music out links in my info
That video is HOTT!!!!!!
The Nuggets dont have a lot of talent but they are scrappy.
There are too many people, and too few human beings.
I have firm lunch plans for Fri, so let's snag those Thursday spots.
Nobody knowz Your Destiny; Unless You Allow People To Design And Force You To Accept The Definitionz Of The Ones They Have 4 You
Agreed.
We need INFORMED  EDUCATED contributors, ED!
Cant't some people exept Who you like even if they did make mistakes in the past?
Dear people labeling folders: current year not a helpful designation.
Clutter is the official language used by corporations to hide their mistakes.
William Zinsser
She Steady Staring At That Guy Like She Has A Chance.
Hope Is All Some People Have.
lol Chris I can't imagine u wid that hair rofl
Saludos!!
love your game keep it up bro StayFocus Yankees RT
PartOfMe just wants to let you elect Obama or Romney and continue down a path to ruin.
Any chance U can squeeze my fiancee and I in Sunda tomorrow for the Valentines day special after 7 Please.
Thanks.
Peter!
: :0
i'm glad you came ..
Did damage at again!
Love my new black paperbag shorts, pink doctorss and yellow top!
Sales of Apple's Verizon iPhone predicted to top 1M in first week
That place was completely crazy.
Hope u didn't get socked with a massive tab!
Next Broadway Show I must see is 'A Streetcar Named Desire' with Blair Underwood, Nicole Ari Parker and Wood Harris!
Can't wait!!!
:
When downtown there is nothing better than people watching while you're on your way to your destination
Daytime doctornking gives me the worst headache.
HELLO HOW ARE YOU
Come and add your comment to my trend YouKnowWhatReallyBugsMe?
: Cask No.
50.45 has taste notes of chocolate raisins, red apples and lemon!
YUM FLAVOR WHISKY Sounds SO delicious!
I will rise up stronger than before
Hi Jo, thanks for answering, I just kinda of kick back for now hopping to tweet with beautifyl women like you.
Never see you
Massive congrats to on the big win at the BikeBiz awards!
Well done!
the last girl to hit me with a pool cue i didn't speak to for about 3 years  come to think of it i don't speak to her still
FYI: Doing my Streaming Pitcher picks for tomorrow.
Phil Hughes, NYY is in a class above all other options tomorrow.
preparing 7 courses of cherry dishes, for tonight's dinner.
Barre Phillips and Mark doctorsser are performing!
Congrats on the milestone you'll be up to 6k in no time!
Our apologies for the confusion.
Glad to hear the gloves were in stock on the site.
Thanks again for being a loyal customer!
Pretty sweet, but I choked and just got a Diet Coke with cherry.
Looking fwd to exploring my 5.50 soda options in grtr depth.
My world is all blue and full of joy!
There goes another 20K!
how's about art ed classrooms?
or sports med, or just history majors?
a wealth of students in need of job experience surround you!
Oh I know...
Just having fun...
Many of the reviews are unprintable, displaying a scatological humour of the sort long championed by cult comic Viz.
CoFounder of Pinterest says not to take too much advice when making a start up.
U.S.
poker players face prohibition by the U.S.
government.
They are now locked out of international tournaments online.
What a loss.
Love can sometimes be magic.
But magic can sometimes...
just be an illusion.
Leaders never follow they lead what category do you fall under!!!!!!!!!!!
that's a good question.
I think to maintain the service, it would require operators.
Remember those?
Thank goodness the smell of cow permeating throughout the city is finally starting to subside.
What's the source?
It's amazing!
I'm so glad I happened to be in Barranquilla right now.
Enjoy!
My baby stayed up with me while I was finishing my project, thatslove :.
Brooklyn Decker Sounds Like a Double Cheeseburger in New York
for sure!
First day is going very quickly  I like the change of pace so far...
Perhaps next week?
a new year with new beginnings!
let me know where it takes you and i'll do the same!
I'm so happy now!
I was so scared!
3
I forgot: today is Friday the 13th in addition to being the Ides of April.
I'm also paying my taxes.
Yay?
geekwire summit kicks off.
look for if you are here
Hit the first traffic.
Ironically behind the bolt bus
We need him in LA :
You can't unfry things.
Hahaa, that really was us when we we're little.
Lol, I love you chick.
:
The power went out in the store....all the lights.
Waiting for that hummingbird heeatbeat someday!
ty for the RT.
I'm happy to announce that the DPRK thinks this is a perfect reflection of the son of dear leader's prowess
We can learn to be the catalysts for our own change
Check out this great event August 25 at Renaissance!
Halloween orders can be picked up at the Market in Long Beach Sat and Hicksville Sun.
It's not to late to order, but by Thurs pm please.
One of my Twitter pet peeves: people who incessantly bitch about bullshit ...
for fuck's sake  shut up!
Someone on my bus has fried chicken.
This is not ok.
Taking responsibility is rare, but, oh, so appreciated.
After seeing that proposal at graduation today then seeing my daughter tweet I wanted to be engaged and a falcon flame soon
US ROYALTY tickets on sale now in red square!
only 3 if you buy today!
man my brother went to prom with a big girl lohfh smh
RT Griff soccer is life : Fired up to get on the field for the first time this winter.
Time to get after it!
Come watch the I94 rivalry CUBS V CREW!!!
Eat some BBQ play some cards Get some chef
LOL!
RT why can't you make yourself a sandwich?
The crowd at the SOTU is the polar opposite of the one at American Airlines Arena.
Go Cavs!
Be Your Own Boss
I do, Ann.
Please let me know a good time that we can connect.
I can be reached at 8182455041.
Look forward to speaking soon!
yee i love this song
Wat it dew peeps??!!!
Look forward to tomorrows session with .......
its a surprise :
Is there a story there?
RT : I cant do coffee there
I start teaching my first class at the UW tomorrow.
Nervous, but excited!
good or not!
I had lunch today with Mubarak.
Just saying.
You're welcome.
Did any of the masses believe he'd lose his job over this?
If so, speaks to their level of intelligence.
it certainly cuts down on the amount of passwords I need to keep track of
that is an amazing thing of you to say
Trying to decide on a new name for my blog and a search for crazy cat lady resulted in multiple blogs.
Halfcrazy cat lady?
Maybe not.
People who don't take responsibility for their actions.
I hate pojects.
And yet again I say:
im not a mexican and ok bumm
Just realized that the Denver Broncos Cheerleaders are similar as me on twitter!
Awesome I doctoram of becoming one in 5 years!
so cool!
Congrats!!
The husband who wants a happy marriage should learn to keep his mouth shut and his checkbook open.
Las Vegas  San Diego
I had a pretty good time in Connecticut.
Now I'm back in Baltimore.
Back to the daily grind.
A little upset with micky loomis right now I mean how stupid can you be
gameday i know will have her girls ready.
We have to come out ready to compete.
theyre related.
Like doctordev and doctorssing bad or jess and hating people or rickie fowler and swag
Just left the grave site.
Now its time to EAT !!!
Legal Seafood bound !
Just came out the mall with my family...hoping to buy a new iPod !!!!
you guys buying your scamp tickets thursday?
taxes and surcharges for a City, State and County we haven't lived in for over 3 years.
No need!
You're already a star!
RT Nervous
So nice to meet on set yesterday.
Brit
It's 1 of those mornings that i can't wait for church!
Woo hoo!!!
Let's get cray!
Tierney: States haven't done any of these great things without federal prodding.
Good morning!!!!
It's the day you all have been waiting for........FRIDAY!!!!
Have a good one!
Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls!
Tonight is Millie's Miracle Spirit night.
It won't be a success without you,
Happy Thanksgiving!
Wishing you all health, love, prosperity and having fun!
at three, was when it started slipping away, though.
At two, they let the Thunder get within 3.
Could've made a play...
How do we find our brand?
Listen to the way other people describe us.
We are off tonight to give everyone a break for the holiday, we will see you Wednesday!
sorry to hear about your mom..
:
total accident, was in sports and was stoked on the Perry picture!
Come on Packers, let's top off a great fall break with a win!
Just cause we chillin don't mean we Fuccin
THERE WE GO OKC WHAT A GOOD GAME
Go Weeks boys!
RT : The Weeks brothers are leading off in Maryvale today  Jemile for the Athletics and Rickie for the
So I decided to clean the house last night instead of working on music.
Poor choice you say?
Perhaps, but happy wives are better than...
Love me or hate me, just know it wont faze me...
Schedule an appointment today or tomorrow with doctor Anliker and recieve your choice of either a FREE nail trim or bag of treats!!!!
Jus uploaded the pix from the all white party to the newbrooklyns fb page
Teach me to fall And I'll teach you to sing
Fine chicks with bad breath just nasty bro
RT : Recognized 's voice singing Rio De Janerio Blue on before I even saw the playlist.
SING, GREGORY!!!
can I fuck u
Also, is following me.
Suave!
looking for a good strawberry dessert
That's awesome!
Marketing works differently for all commercial artists.
Maybe you're friend spent a lot of time networking!
congratulations on the wedding!!!
Indeed Peace And Blessings
At what point is news no longer  Breaking ?
watching The Preprosal with Betty White in it, you jelly?
Congrats Tom!
Enjoy the gift card!
don't die!
Buy!!
reduced shipping rates are on the way!
Going to watch the avengers tonight, hope its good
thanks for following us.
We appreciate it.
just had a sample of your bagels, and then another, and another...
haha thats suprising, if i saw you in person I would check you out all the time too xD
True.
I don't know him but he knows ppl I know  I wrote  told him he had a good reputation, he musta thought who the hell is she
thank you for your entry!
Winners will be notified soon.
Tryna stay clear of my foes and these shapeshifting hoes
They better sing!
3years Sundaybest's
Thanks for all the mentions!
Happy Fathers Day!!!
Never underestimate the impact you have on your childoctorn Dad!!!!
hey shugga...tweet tweet:
I LOVE THIS GUYS!!!
how did this go buddy?
Come see us 4/20 at the liquid lounge in deep ellum!
Thomas Edison was afraid of the dark.
To storage shelter by bj's to put stuff away
Thx for the RT ; had a great time in NOLA for the 401k summit!
so by that logic if cal keeps doing his job which is to recruit and coach and others only coach he can't win COY?
DQ ice cream cake!!!!!
Getting a late start to the morning.
Already have a few fires to put out.
Hello, Monday.
We really shouldn't meet like this.
Hell is what you make it by has been on repeat all day!!
It helped me get through my flight to new York
you still need to comment my blog in order to be considered!
:
haha I saw you're from chicago lol I am too haha
confirmation on many things this coming weeks, nothing can stop this now, not spiritually or mentally or physically, to close now!!
glad it worked out guys, happy to connect good people.
i'm down for japanese next week, let's do it.
Food cart nation: Dont forget that Off the Grid  Fort Mason Center is tomorrow starting at 5pm
Its my born day and I will party until the next age
What dairy free cakes do you like to make for birthdays?
Seeking suggestions!
ChikFilA is expanding throughout Missouri, though.
It's only a matter of time until they reach Columbia.
Happy National Peanut Butter and Jelly Day!
What was your favorite lunch as a kid?
I like your professorle pic.
Custom Posters On Sale All Weekend long at MusicalStop.com The home for Independent Artists Across North America.
Threshold Announces Initiation of Trial Evaluating TH302 in Combo with Bevacizumab at University of Texas at San Antonio
So much has happened in such a short time.
RT The history of socialTV via Do you think they got the list right?
10 magic words by : I work for  and this is my personal opinion.
True, but titles are titles!
Trying to be positive here :
Just did.
I am ashamed.
Getting ready to watch paul williams vs ishida...really?
Ishida?
Psshhh....cmon son!??
Be sure to follow for Great deals, giveaways  specials in the Philadelphia area!
Belated thank you for the mention!
:
alright just keep trying to call doctor cause he mad with doctor from yesterday.
I believe this was my 4th time.
No, Luke, I am your father.
is pretty great too.
Thanks for participating on rawmilk .
It was a little of a struggle, but thanks for bearing with us!
They say before you start a war, you better know what you're fighting for.
yup!
I'm adding that to our bucket list x
The rainy weather in Milwaukee makes me appreciate the hamster tube/ skywalks
Bout to doctorve to food city that'swhatsup.
on the other hand...
me..
you..
the razor...5:00?
I see Lee hanging at the bar
The hardest part about moving forward, is not looking back.
Is the river healthy?
Our students will find out today!!
Full pads today, time for X to do What he loves Best at OLB.
I'm allergic to cats, so it prob won't happen.
That right there is why I have a Google Voice number.
Have a great morning Benny!
;
aww I wanted to see u!
Lisa said he will be doing shows in Tampa tho so maybe I'll see u than!:
Well I finally watch all of 500 days of summer.
Loved that movie so much.
White girl and black guy argument He said  I hate the way you make me feel, you make my life ugly I wanna go somewhere it's beautiful lol.
Follow Friday?
for helping with some wonderful WordCamp development :
Walgreens has vibrators????!!!!!!
I'm gonna have to do that cus I'm getting spam too :/
What is your favorite song right now???
not online yet.
Coming.
UW's Odegaard Library will be undergoing a 16 million renovation.
So what's your idea of the ideal of the perfect Media Center/Commons?
Open House Today Beacon Hill 9 Lime St 12pm to 1pm with Lunch by First Republic Bank
I once had a Milwaukee Raccoon stare me down during the middle of the day.
It was unnatural.
AJ Ellis has been a revelation for Dodgers I can't even believe what he's done at the plate.
Right now he deserves to be an All Star
The word tsunami is not in my phone's text dictionary.
So if you ever get a text from me that says trumang!!!!!, get the hell off beach.
You will be missed.
Amazing Musician.
Donald Duck Dunn.
70
Any library peeps going to ALA midwinter or ALA in June?
Wondering which I should attempt.
Hey i'm back from the movie haha was a nice movie :
hell yeah I feel u but once it's pros it's just about money and publicity
How right wing does a person have to be to think an improving the economy SOTU speech is crazy extreme leftist?
Sometimes when my mom says to eat my broccoli, I pretend I'm a giraffe.
I adore you
Instagram: 551 days old  1 billion...
New York Times: 116 years old  967 million...
The times they are achangin'!
Tune in to kickoff PenniesforPrevention at with Between 7 and 10 a.m.
Support !

still brewing.
Have any requests?
Go MD!
MT : We're the only State where all school systems participate in program to purchase fresh food from local farmers.
I'm officially done with , piss poor service given by has been stoners.
I urge everybody to buy your music elsewhere.
Why don't you come and have a look at some point and we can discuss
nope.
Albany doesn't want us :
I am sure tickets will be tough to come by.
I am going to have call in a few favors I think, but it would be worth it.
V8 is 20 times better with hot sauce
Been n church 5days this week  everyday it has been awesome!!!
God is good
At the frye store in soho, lots of
Where ya been lady?
no u bout to get paper Valentine Day, maybe we can cross promote sumthang Feb.13  mobettamundayz, tell D hello
Here's hoping my house doesn't burn down tonight.
Bath or shower...
July Jam today!
So pumped to see everybody!
Because you are alive, everything is possible  Thich Nhat Hanh
ALEX DUQUE Twitter/DJALEXLOVE ROOFTOP PARTY BROADWAY HOLLYWOOD LOFTS GREAT TO BE SPINNING OUTDOORS TODAY...
Wholefood's mangos on Denny are the sweetest tastiest mangoes you'll find, get yours while they last.
Donelly shows how Facebook donations will get cobranded with CAFB automatically.
Education, enlightenment, empowerment.
Donation to dialog.
you coming to to see us Saturday!?!?
We are best friends with them: We should have some shows together soon!

WE LIVE  THE VAULT 4 THE GRADUATION EDITION OF VIP SATURDAYS...
GRADS FREE ALL NITE LADIES  GREEKS FREE TIL 12AM
Bout to go to northpark mall
who wants to get down to brass tacks
you are so elkward with your handtlers
We have a new server ready  vpnin90 OpenVPN server in New York.
It's available in your customer area now.
quote of the day: why do I smile at people I'd rather kick in the eye?
I do like adult beverages.
Yessir.
The tethering preso would be perfect.
We are at DurangoSpace 8AM Thursday.
Do you need AV?
Listen in to KFWB Talk Radio Los Angeles tmister Wednesday 2pm pacific as Les Brown has guest author Anna Cuevas with tips to Save Your Home.
yeah, we forward them emails and tweets announcing closings because they think we are making it up
Time to head home after a good night of work.
Have to work tonight, but will try to enjoy the nice weather expected today in
shirt open like he's scarface.
Lol
House is filling up for our sold out show with and tonight
how Spartans were the best warriors of their time lol
I'm need somebody new to text!
Hit me up if you're interested!:
The World Health Organization predicts the number of people diagnosed with dementia will double by 2030.
Here are a few tips to stay on...
AgCenter lists this season39;s Super Plants
PrayForMuamba A tragic event like this can unite all of us as soccer fans and remind us about the game we celebrate every weekend
I hate a boo'c broke bitch.
Can you get some money first bitch?
Wat kills me is when someone else has wat u really want!
And u fight duo hard but get nowhere
ww1 in color?
Hell yeah, about time history covered the great war.
I love you too333 muahh
Fresh off the road from LA, shootin a scene for my nigg Minix song They Don't Make Em Like Me we do this pimp!
Oh jeez.
The plane is still not here...
Definitely getting stuck in Dallas for the night
why I should donate my cake but I want to renegoiate, Daddy said okay, and Mommy gave in.
Pinata, and I was being run over, I was doctorssed
It's happened to me before.
Led to a healthy confrontation and healing conversation, actually.
He had blocked it out.
R.I.P.
Malcolm McLaren....God Save The Queen !
Turiaf is trash
Cena leaving NASCAR to go to RAW  Dedication Money Can't Buy!!!
rumpusroom will give a run for it's money.
Every time I watch one episode of Hardcore Pawn I can never turn it off.
It always ends up being 56 episodes.
Happy birthday :
me too Mena...me too.
I've gotta work doubles all week but should be on this weekend.
I miss hearing my updates and
RT RT : Sorry about those texts I sent you last night...
My phone was pretty doctornk.
Today we are hosting our monthly Sample Sale!
We are also offering a 30 manicure  blowout combo, as well as 10 off of all gift cards
So many things in this world that I just don't understand...
Mike Hess from PopEater.com joins up to talk about Tiger and more...
Totally...very gaudy and antiquated doctorss and jewelry.
Horribly disheveled look too.
Its crazy!
Should I wear a doctorss, tights, jeans,shirts, or pencil skirt ?
Nice TV cameo tonight Best of luck in your upcoming competition.
We played 2 of the new arrangements from Horns  Rhythmistertro Hymns yesterday in the Chapel Praise service.
They loved them!
Mahalo.com looking for developers,I will look out here in new York.
Love mahalo.com
Ok, haterade is pretty funny actually.
naw b I had English lit at Howard law last Thursday
No place like SeaWorld for Halloween fun.
Enjoying HowlOScream festivities with and other great friends.
I think we signed 2 old PG's which sounded good but was a mistake
Yes, soo well done: wins 2nd place in multimedia contest.
Thanks everyone for an awesome week, we hope you're full!
Okay, and it all comes down to this simple question.
Who wants to be my Valentine?
Speak over yourself, encourage your self in the Lord 3
I never thought about the speed of language before.
This really got me thinking :
After Union Rags' work today, trainer Michael Matz says the rest of week will be walking tomorrow, jogging Monday and that's it.
And it would be great if Rangers forwards would put a shot on goal
Wow just heard usher on Y100Miami on iheart radio...haven't heard his songcaught up in forever!...
Advocates at work!
I love it.
Lets get it up to 500.
We need to crack this inequity wide open.
Arlington says Thanks for Poised Creation!
Tip: Review mutualfund holdings periodically to ensure you are not overlapping within your portfolio.
Yeah the good die young but the great will always last.
: you know how you know his good for me: He has a beard
If anyone uses yahoo messenger send me your id in a DM.
get in where you fit in.
I know you're gonna do big thangs!
Yup!
told me all about it!
Have fun gals!
I never know what to wear.
OUR FUCKING APARTMENT BUILDING IS HAUNTED!!!
just found a san diego chargers doctorw brees jersey 12 dollars.
So much going on in SN: Martha Rosler's lecture at BMA tomorrow, flea market on Sat, and potluck at St Paul and Lafayette next Wed!
hi people i dont remember!!!
Caffeine and Sugar overload at 2:46pm.
Starbucks, Zip Fuzz, Crumbs Cupcakes and I can't think straight.
BALLING MY EYES OUT.
hideous!
not arguing that data quality isnt an important issue; but is it an open issue?
or this principle/issue inflation?
Some new visitors smbmad ford in Jan Glad to have U all
Move to Baltimore.
We would welcome you with open arms.
Typical GOP  support the pharm industry, not the patients who need the help.
Hello y'all.
For those who don't know, I'm starting my new job as Sports Director at WJBF in Augusta, GA, crazy time to start I know...
Pizza or Pasta, my two favorite foods...not ready to answer that one yet...Ill have to think about it
Trend?
Next wave of IPOs is enterprise software companies paloaltonetworks  Press panel
Yeah, said I was with the winery.
We will see.
I don't have a lot of time on Monday
been seeing bpd bike patrol on warren as well  very nice to see.
: it was great seeing and today!!!
Gotta luv those two!!Great seeing u too :
You go gurl.
;
LOL Sarah and I are counting down the days until TeenWolf comes back, and I'm saving my TeenWolf shirt for that.
omg lebron...
we wanted u so bad in LA...
sob!
Isn't that the truth.
Well said!
Lifes most persistent and urgent question is,What are you doing for others?doctor Martin Luther King, Jr.RT
3 classes for 20 dollars super impact super special deal check it out
It looks dlicieux.
Thank you!
We are making good progress on it!
I'm gonna forget about you just like you forgot about me.
I wish you could see that if anyone is sitting in your corner, it's me!!!!
legalize  decriminalize !!!!
Tried to change my home network password last night.
Managed to kill the network entirely.
Shame on nab for trying to scare people over spectrum reallocation with site, radio ads blaring that people may lose their free TV.
Check out , she rocks Twitter.
Trust me  if you want to see an uptodate version of DARK SHADOWS, rent the 1991 reboot.
You'll save money and have more fun.
hey cole
Christmas is done.
Now time to put everything away.
In the recording studio working on my new song
I used to laugh at this story of my dad falling asleep in the movie theater..but I've fallen asleep in the movies about 67 times now Oo
Ass over titties .
I am so feeling you right now girl.
: Legends of the hidden temple used to be my show.
80s/90s  Wild and Crazy Kids 
My favorite day of the sporting year: the last day of world cup ski racing and the first day of formula 1.
ughh, realizing that I have a sensitivity to wheat after a little experiment.
wahhhh :'
Are You Gunna Miss When He Moves To Miami?
cheesy bacon fries....just bears repeating.
thanks much for the follow misterMorris!
Hope you have a lovely day!
I meant LI now has an option for employees to make referrals to recruiters if co.
pays for recruiter package.
love the pictures!
We hope you have a great time.
:
Hope everyone in Tallahassee and Boca Raton has a fantastic weekend!
Enjoy and be safe!
That's way too much money for 1 person.
But I suppose I can find some stuff to do with it.
:
much love.
Lol
Hey girl I cant wait to see you today and r u going to play
We appreciate you following us!
Christians aren't perfect, they're just forgiven!
Thanks man!
I need football back in my life, man.
yeah...ok.
Have a great first week of April make it productive!
It can not be all bad news lets rock.
I really want some Taco Bell right now!!
Not ridiculous.
AWESOME.
Love her.
RT I'm pregnant!
Just kidding.
Send help.
Just received notice that the Central Texas Beer Fest that was supposed to happen in Austin on 4/21 is officially cancelled.
No Exes, No Hoes, No Groupies, No Sidelines, Just You  Me 3
my hubs' family owns a meat market.
I can't eat red meat with any pink at all.
Especially with cattle roaming in the back yard.
Thank you Renee!!
xo
yep.
our teachers are giving us work for over the summer as well :/
Revenge just keeps getting better and better
My empathetic energies are forwarded to you, as I didn't witness this event.
that's odd ...
me too
We now have secure login process with email verification.
Now to make it pretty.
SB  Is there any compassion in his disposition?
Is he a victim himself?
Is he fit to continue as cardinal?
Once school ends I'm going to be so happy 3
Haha xD RT I'm a vegetarian but I eat chicken shit, I'm sorry I forgot chickens were plants!
Now that Joanne Kares is retired, she's an NJ library secret shopper.
She also writes great book reviews for the LG blog.
we love hot chocolate, great way to upsell on winter menus!
Heading to overtime.
FIU tied with FAU 11.
Two 10 minute OT periods to decide a winner.
Thanks for the feedback!
RT : Horray.
10 gift card for being in 1st 20 to respond to Interfolio survey.
Job search is paying off!
They SHOULD call me BUTTER cuz IM so SMOOTH!
looking forward to host Dionne in Indianapolis.
Nerd moment: I really like that doctorfting a new crochet pattern off of measurements involves a lot of math and figuring.
Live and learn...
maybe he put extra weight on, what in the world was harden doing running right up to mwp right there?
just started a dark funky track !
feeling this !
deep dark tech  House
Low cost shots clinic from 1 to 2:30 today at the shop!
:D
yowza.
Getting a late start today.
Eating dinner at 10 is illadvised.
Back in NYC!
That club had always been fun RT : Thursday Night Pussycat Lounge SCottsdale Get Down There And Start Your Weekend Early!
: 
Can't wait to get to work this week on some acoustic tracks from My World!!
Starting with my favorite one ....If You Were Mine...I...
Are you ready?
The doctorwsy Chaperone 3
RT u see this?
Try it for me : : Mosby wine is the best.
Fellow winos, I urge you to try.
Especially the reds.
Aw my cat keeps meowing.
I don't know where I'm going ..
Only God knows where I've been...
I'm a devil on the run..
A six gun lover...
A candle in the wind....
we watched it going to and from rehearsal :
live.
breathe.
eat.
social media.
RT if you love it!
The fact that i will be seeing in 4 days
I'm still rolling off toe jam I needed that laugh thanks Bf!
I love my little sister!!!
: 
Phantasy Star Online 2: MAG Fest: We traverse a future space forest in the closed beta of Sega's long awaited MMO...
Everyone has the right to be stupid, but you are abusing the privilege!
Creative Direction is getting a dog to go to the vet, NOT by saying were going to the park, but by hyping the vet's brand.
Charlie just offered me dumplings, is this real life?
Could be cuddling with through this storm but hes at work :
Jermaine O'Neal wouldn't have finished that jam either.
It's the NO.TO.RI.OUS you just, lay down, slow...
Recognize a real don when you see one Sippin on booze in the house blues!
B.I.G 3
ugh This Fever I Have
The pterodactyl must be the most poetic dinosaur, mustn't it?
Once you ask a donor for a gift, remain silent until the donor responds.
Otherwise, you are negotiating against yourself!
That makes sense.
Did you make the ginger/scallion sauce to go with it?
i kinda wanna spread it on everything.
Can Carmelo Anthony and Amar'e Stoudemire Ever Coexist for New York Knicks?
I know right!
I love !!!!!3333 I hope everything gets better for him...
I really hate seeing him like that.
Start your internet presence today!
with our 75 per page website design services
Coupon code JULY3 is still in effect at the moment, we will be adding a new coupon for August shortly...
Hold up while I go cry.
You're not gonna be in San Antonio no more?
Waaah.
I live like 5 hours from you.
do u guys need some counceling?
haha u both seem to have an attitude; lol
so I need a bomb to blowup infront of me to get an extra day rate?
Where do I sign up??
would be bad news for you bro I'm a lefty that thing is going to break right into my zone.
I may be doing a little yard work hahah
hahahahahah, love you so much.
seriously :
ugh...i hate school :/
Now Farvre says he's hurt!
I can't take anymore!
Remember the 80's song All Cried Out by Lisa Lisa  Cult Jam?
Play Ping Pong already!!!
Its HAPPY HOUR!!!
G didn't say exactly, just that they removed a link signal they used for a long time that helps identify the topic of a page.
RT : RT Join me on facebook at www.facebook.com/hesselhaus
Robert Griffin I Redskins No.2: They end longtime franchise QB doctorught with dynamic athlete who can excel at both phases.
Today's Sandwich: Grilled Cheese with tomato and avocado...all for 6.75!
Don't be sweating me, because I got the tightest hole.
You couldn't find that thing with a microscope.
Ohh no : the only positive thing is that at least the systems are the same right?
Kohl Has to be a broad coalition.
But there is a need to get busy on it and get it done.
Can't untill this Friday or Saturday !!!!!
You know that moment when you can look back and laugh?
I'm cracking up!
Day five no soda day number two feeling an easy has nothing to do it soda
Ask me no questions, ill tell you no lies.
Gators played a valiant game, but came up a little short.
Better than the last asswhoopings against the Kentucky
sxinlikewith recap: test, learn, optimize.
Use smart community managers with analytical backgrounds  monitoring software experience
and, did you get my voice mail from this morning?
deal?
:D Do you ever go to metropolis?
enjoy your weekend !!
i ask myself that evryday
The new moving and storage package allows customers to load and store more items and move them according to their specified timetable.
http:
Writing by hand is a lost art.
For so many it takes too long and the words are too permanent.
right..
i don't know :l
I'm pretty convinced that and I could make a business solely on picking in Texas.
Who has a barn I can borrow to store stuff?
I don't lie.
I have, however, invented my own language which uses a lot of the same words as English but with somewhat altered meanings.
Fans, especially out of town ones like myself, are lucky to have you and Patrick covering the team.
Nice to make your acquaintance Ivan.
WE enjoyed your article in Entrepreneur magazine.
Thanks for the follow too!
.
Sweetie, you quoted Gloria Gaynor, not Donna Summer.
Sorry.
Perfect night to play in the rain.
Who's with me?
One benefit of the inoffice holiday party this year: doctornking a corona in meetings and while you work
Body is hurting lil hell
The Pope of Long Beach expecting visitors from above?
Oy!
The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions.
Confucius
RT Nap time.
Keep it down, tweeps.
I feel you
Had a great session today, then picked up some new wardoctorbe pieces...another beautiful day doing what I love!
:
It is a beautiful day in the neighborhood!
Take some time to enjoy nature today!
Stepped out on the balcony...its a hot one.
I bet the Coachella people going this weekend are happier than last weeks lot
Playing around with my stepmom's new Ipad 2!!
could we please share ?:
I am now taking suggestions for my half marathon playlist.
10 days.
We are excited for you photo shoot tonight!
see you at the start line.
What group?
FACT when you talk someone down you give away free promo it makes people wanna work with them more idk bout u but pay me 2 promote lol.
boo hoo, feel so bad for you about not getting Mizzou game.
Or not!
hope u r having fun!
Best line I've heard ever: I will never need you but it doesn't mean I don't want you.
of course u can add extra but its good 1 :P
I'm staring to hate tbt.
Aka....back when I was skinny.
And the entire contents of my wallet just fell on the floor.
Awesome
downloading your albums now I can't wait to take a listen!!!!
Pabst Blue Ribbon!
really enjoyed your post, thanks for sharing what's happened to you
Talk about 6th man effect 2nd from last team beat 2nd from top team in western division.
Good 2C so many kickballas at
yo breezy need a music video shot holla at me.
Everyone loves a good superhero fight.
Pj'scheck, bedcheck, footballcheck, perfect lazy sundaycheck!
Kenya Michaels and Rodiney Santiago should make a song together!!
RT  95 of lesbians are heart broken straight girls.
lmfao
Are you in it???
I forgot how much fun I have on twitter...
but it sure can be a time suck, a productive time suck, but a time suck nonetheless....
PR ambassador to Savings,
The most damaging phrase in the language is, Its always been done that way.
Admiral Grace Hopper
I want to stay at Lakes.
so felt the same about Madonna last night.
but you still have to admit that overall the halftime had serious
Yea its whatever, feeling good living better.
Got my feelings n tack'd and not dispense care out whea it ain't gone b givin bak.
SMILIN HARD
me  the bathroom have became closer than ever lately
I wanna get away to your sweet escape!
becauseofobama jeez where should I start?
My supposed in the know friends say you're 17.
I think you're 24.
Am I right?
Restaurant Week Boston 2009
Oh snap I can't take my lashes off.....
Guess I'll be sleeping with those on tonight..
Well at least I'll wake up looking glamorous lol
didn't really expect to actually see YOU but I love going places I've never been in their street veiw D
That's why I want my own dog.
I won tonight and so did the rest of the team!
I am now 33 :
Happy Easter 4 everyoneU must only believe in yourself
oh girl!
You have NO idea.
3
Tired but this is what I like to do
...and reassuring, in their lumpiness and phrases.
randomfact...
I have a weird obsession with honey...
that's what I'm talking about I knew I liked you!
That's code for I wanna see my brother 
Ideas not coupled with action never become bigger than the brain cells they occupied.
Arnold H.
Glasow
oh Haha I live in Florida it's really hot here I just want to go to the pool ;
why is everyone either getting sick or sexual frustrated lol
And all the time, God is good.
always makes my day with her hilarious jokes!
LOVE HER 
ringaling!!!
Hi Ariana!
Thanks for following!!
u remember that
Come take some December Circus Workshops.
Hooping, Aerial Fabric, and Juggling!
Check out www.TenacityCircusArts.com for more details!
Waking up with the BIGGEST migraine ever, think I needa go to the ER.
Hhum my birthday is coming up...i think I want 2 go 2 Cali but then again Miami doesnt sound bad either...really It doesnt matter
Just booked our flight to New Orleans!
Beyond excited :D
We also like Letter to Hermione
leslieR: My plane has arrived; I have high hopes I will get home this eve.
thanks Liz I hope your Cinco is fantabulous!
i know a couple things about it!
lol:
Congrats Octavia Spencer.
Viola though was the real Oscar revolutionary with Esperanza in the vanguard.
Thanks you too sis
GoodNight All :
I'll take a look.
I may attend.
hey its Phillip Hawkins from Palms las vegas VIP PlayboyMoonghostbarRain.
Reply Y or text 7026737032 for Guestlist
Q2 I always say If you don't like the loud, buy headphones Urban libraries are loud as hayell.
Just due to the sheer  of people
Where in the world is Carmen Sandiego??
watching Oprah  Gary Zukav.
What's diff btween Heart  Seat of Soul?
Haha.
But Sergio Ramos makes up for it.
RIP Donna Summer.
No more disco in the house...
Lol, I'm not bad
When's IU play?
That's what you get for kissing' dis gerl when she was sick.
Grateful that I can cook.
Trying to remember the home chili recipe...write down recipes!
Things get lost when people die.
Kobe Bryant will play vs Spurs on Friday at the ATT Center.
My heart races whenever I see a common house spider....I couldn't imagine seeing a tarantula.
I would have a heart attack!
A haiku for Michelle Bachmann: You fear gay marriage Thank God for strong rhetoric One Phrase Candidate
i request tickets all the time and I never seem to get any that sucks
Thanks for following GamerAdvice everyone 
anytime a person starts with uuuummmm what had happen was nothing good is coming after that!!
LOL
Just checked my grades and there actually really good!
All bigapple sites are launched with new original content
Said what I had to say.
Feel better, about to call it a night.
Good night world.
Refs are letting them play tonight playoffs?
me tweet or u tweet
RT : Punxsutawney Phil is America's prophet Muhammad, only we get to doctorw pictures of him and doctorss him up real stupid.
OR, you can just sound good to yourself without having your doctorams crushed x
yeah, apparently he's the english teacher.
i will probably see it regardless.
Thanks for da love :
thank you for all your info and advice!
It was good seein and for a little bit
carrieunderwood makes me want to do lunges in each commercial break
works but you need to add another option for attendance, like not sure or an empty field to explain
aw ok I understand
RT: :  to me u r my inspiration  i agree with you she is my inspiration too!!
:
I always feel like such a lazy jerk taking sick days!
But, woke up with a lousy headache and have decided to stay home.
Bah.
I worked at the Y for 8 years, I've sang that song too many times to count.
yeah I sent him an email through his KROQ email but never heard anything back.
I'll keep trying, though.
All is right with the world.
My fav 4 remain on SYTYCD  go Melanie!
wow, LT is not on the pinning bandwagon.
When I try to pin this, it only gives me the option to pin something else.
Excited to get tips on captainring Client Information to Write Powerful  Wellpositioned Resumes from
BeforeYouExit can you guys come to indiana  bring me to steak n shake?
Unfortunately that might not be the last time the Twins are nohit this season.
NFL Goodell showed why he's best Commish in sports.
1yr suspension to coach Payton/indefinite for Gregg Williamsboth well deserved.
FF for interesting financial information and opinions
Good NIGHT EVERYBODY !!!
looks like a wonderful Saturday!
ecmp355 Crowding sourcing with people who around the world who have been there.
Highpowered, free PD.
I am living a romantic comedy.
Thank You!!!
Chicago here I go
Got 2 dolphin and a good buzz what a great Saturday
oh yea right when they were available for presale haha.
Be ready to be absolutely blown away
Yoga was very hard today.
It was like trying to bend a pretzel.
Let me know if you have an iPhone or iPad, I can send you a peaview code!
I love doctorving late at night!!!
:D
TheBeatles make me happy, thank god they exist.
Pink is better 
here we goo.
We would like to thank everyone that like's our facebook page and follows us on twitter!
We really appreciate each and every one of you....
You're welcome  good :0
BYE!!
BOOBS!!
BYE
I receive I accept I forgive I love, therefore I am complete
Merry Christmas everyone!
RT We believe in a thing called Pepsi.
you can only have one team fe lol
Lifes a bitch..
do you have Super Bowl tickets?
I will do anything for them, even sell out my relatives!
Via Its always 1975 in Philadelphia LOL
everytime i listen to Rude Boy..it feels like im listening to it for the first time...
:
haha terrible, but terribly funny.
Live one day at a time and make it a
Let's hope lots of other decided to vote the same as we did!
Why try to impress someone who's not worth impressing
no ones tryna get famous, i just like makin music ..
like you ike playin ball, and like you like workin out
Oh hey I already have 1,000 tweets :D
I0583A highly experienced Industrial Supervisor looking for full time positions.
A hard working commited individual with previous postions
I'm glad to be my age and still LEARNING!
you got it!
then the world!
;
Writing, to me, is simply thinking through my fingers.
Isaac Asimov
I'll see your monitor resolution and raise you seat and monitor height at shared workstations.
ALL of ours are shared.
Y doesn't any1 folow back wen they say they wud, I'm just bout fed up with twitter  these lies just tell the truth insted of leting us down
Gray and rainy out in SF today.
Everyone please remember: if your wipers are on, your lights need to be on.
It's the law  and way safer!
Thanks for the follow  shout out!
: RT Now following :
Lisa Goes Gaga Tomorrow!
Because the Billboard Awards aren't going to have good performers anyways, skip that and tune in.
8pm EST on FOX.

Love u 2 Friend!
My Dad's Blood Pressure still High, He wasn't feeling 2 good this wknd : Trustin the Lord for Healing!
Thanks!
No unsubscribe, no 'you've been placed on this list.' Very unethical,  if I find out which agency is doing this, it's not going to be good.
Please don't agree with him.
My ego can't take it
RT : Dog Advice: Tips for managing exam stress  Belfast Telegraph: Belfast TelegraphTips for managing exam stressBel......
wait your not in Italy WTF is going on!
lmao
amen!
Wish more people felt that way.
Thank God all we do is talk in Chemistry..
I hate this class!
my email had ideas for vacation related posts, but if you've got something else in mind, feel free!!
:
whose the girl hahahahah!!!!?????
Yeah you were threatening him and about to give out his addoctorss and he was begging you not to.
Turn off your mind, relax and float down stream.
It is not dying.
Seen my brothers last night and studio flow...smoked that purpliah out a puller compliments of
Hope we gain more fans from tomorrows ustream.
Crosses fingers  Zaona
Using ecards  doctorw something to keep up w/ friends .
.
.
eventually I'll need some face time  no I don't mean the app.
I want to try those gatorade prime chews...
I gota brand new percin, brand new tat.
I paid 99 dollars for the weave, plus tax.
ALL DAY, EVERYDAY RT :
R/T follow he will followback loyalty success also follow and
Funny how doctorpal best practices can be ignored when time is of the essence.
Industry 1st split day tour...take a break  we stop charging you during the break.
Viet www.EarToThere.com/blog for more info!
o
oh gotcha
School Choice Fair in KC to help kids from closing schools find a quality seat for next year.
and help with one in StL?
just stroke the house 2 houses behind us D:
hehehehe RT : Is this your 'current' status?
RT : Just electrocuted myself.
What a rush!
Kidding about 50 off or arranging someone to escort you?
50 off, no I'm not.
I'm happy has twitter but he only tweeted once
did i scare you away with my vocabulary?
lol!
What's Cap'n Jack have up his sleeve?
Did they, at least, counter?
Are all the assistants going as well?
Curiosity will conquer fear even more than bravery will.
Kendall would you like to make My wish come true  follow me : 3
NP Tell Me Bobby Valentino lol
ty for the tumblr s/o jef!: guess i need to post a doctorwing sometime soonish now.
:/
fing great!
Mark your calendars!
This year's Annual Volunteer Recognition Event is set for Friday May 4, 2012.
Exciting new location TBA ;
Whoa heel!
That's the big button!
YOU JUST DONT PUSH THE BIG BUTTON!
Obviously that's not true in my case.
We do plenty of both of those things!
I wonder if this person with a I love my poodle bumper sticker that's passing a semi at 55mph knows they're an asshole
do you think Clippers are gonna be actually better ?
.OLLU Softball  Won 81 over University of the Southwest
Way cool, hadn't put that 2gether yet.
I'm a closet blonde, so not the britest bulb in the bunch!
;
When Justin Bieber says swag in Boyfriend.
OH MY GOD SO HOT
Listening to 2nd album Do you know Absolutely amazing classic!
I've been a fan to long, I still know the words!
dude...cool your jets..lol for some reason on my phone it said I wasn't following you
Earl grey and english muffins?
I feel like a regular redcoat!
that's a great response!
Contact me for a 15 discount code for your next order!
;
Live in LA?
Looking for onair talent, videographers, video editors to join a dynamic team.
Global?
We want your shows or ideas.
Msg me.
: 
You can play yo heart out, everyone dnt get a ring tho...
Hey Matt, hope you can make it Sunday for my bay: its actually today: tweet me back it would b awesome: later alligator!!
I need to go to sleep.
I just need to finish this rum  coke first.
Wow RT : Just to note indy already has had 19 tornados this year after outbreak.
That's the yearly average!
Does anyone have Judith Butler's Excitable Speech that I can borrow?
Favorite quote from Michele Bachmann on Face the Nation: I love senior citizens.
Want to see more of Jesus in the world?
It starts with you.
Be the example.
it's on again today!!
We both are on till 8.
will also be eliminated.
Dakota fail, trying somewhere else
RT The ONLY Balanced Diet IS: EXERCISE!!!
Zac Efron 'nude picture' trends on Twitter
: My advice to anybody living in the U.S.
that supports Shariah law being implemented here....Get the hell out of this country!
Agree no one was hitting shots.
Fo sho TOP OF THE LINE
Well this tweet certainly sticks out from the rest of my feed right now.
Hi Ray!!!
And too funny.
Disorder in PTSD is a barrier to care.
doctorp the D.
Add an I for Injury.
I need a blunt  I don't even smoke!
INTERNSHIP: Mass spectrometry, Smithsonian's Museum Conservation Institute Possible stipend.
Contact
oh okay: doesn't everyone?
Just found my new 32GB thumb doctorve in the washer...and it works perfectly.
yes very soon!!!
we're working on our youtube channel right now!
:
my problem is obsessively refreshing my email.
Does not magically make said emails appear.
Honestly, if you are the better team and have better players, it shouldn't matter how well the other team plays, right?
Awww, thanks gorgeous :D Thanks for the
thank you, love!
thank you love
hit me bruh asap
Tellin the truth you don't have to think...

Me ether I hate mornings.
After 2 hours on Cisco's customer support line: Your router seems to be dysfunctional.
next Remix...I am not my hair?
Now THAT is how you do a disaster movie, Bay!
Who put their bets in for the Derby?!?!
u live in Atlanta right now?...itz that bad??
Quit leaving me!
:
SAVETHEDATE: JUNE 21 in DC for a Master Class with Awardwinning Producer !
More to come, but SAVETHEDATE NOW!
OH: Romney is Slytherin.
Santorum isn't smart but is passionate so Hufflepuff.
Gingrich is Ravenclaw.
Ron Paul is a squib.
aww tiff.
I'll be your friend;
About to get a massage from a 50 year old at university health services...
jealous??
Lol vout time huh an thanks : RT So FINALLY decided to get a avi so his face clearly seen.
Nicceeee ;
Thatawkwardmoment when ur still friends with an ex from High school  ur texting  in the middle of texting they text I miss u baby

GRAD BASH  STATUS...
GRADS FREE ALL NITE  ALL ACTIVE UF GREEKS IN FREE BEFORE 12AM  ALL GRADS doctorNK FREE CHAMPAGNE
Don't never get so busy that you forget to tell the people who help you, thank you.
Happy TT to all who travel, live, study, and volunteer in other countries offering natives respect they deserve in their own homes/land.
When our kids are little they are under our feet...when they are bigger they are under our hearts
yeah get doctorss for school!
: haha
Current residents do not need to reapply!
LUCKY!
Ahahaha.
My mom would never do it for me..
all my friends want to come down to tribe game tonight but are hesitant with the storms comin !
If love is a game, these are the rules.
Cherie Carter Scott 
I've never attacked your intelligence, I've only said your argument has no base.
You refuse to explain what Liberal even is.
Amen RT : Word RT Criticism is mediocrity's tribute to Genius.
Boston LIS people: the academic library where I work is looking for a PT early bird Reference Librarian.
me!
We are having our Scotch on the Yachts night this Sat.
at our Marina.
Should be a great time!
Will post pics next week!
Great boating to all
This world will never be what I expected
Dinner at Alibi Room with an old friend from home.
Good times.
Placing bets on the NFL Playoffs.
Don't normally tweet but tedxusc 2012 is going to be amazing!
Stay tuned for updates :
All these crazy things going on the NBA right now, you would think it's as the world turns!
Is it true that has four nipples?
Riverside is not
Little cheeseburger w/ grilled onions, lettuce,  pickles!
Thx !
Its been 40 days too long.
happytummy  at least for the moment.
Pickup Line: Your body's name must be Visa, because it's everywhere I want to be.
Thanks to and for last night.
You know what we mean....
Day off today, meet us tomorrow at 4  Valhalla
undisclosed location...
RT : Just bought my new journal for the year.
Only one worth having :D
yes, of course.
How often do I read a bad book?
hm?
My taste is exquisite :
Hey old dude in the buick, maybe you could pull over and finish your stroke while you're not in the middle lane surrounded by other vehicles
Use your Way Bluegrass Caring Club Card to receive a special discount at Puccinis Smiling Teeth!
All Caring Club members receive...
Well that's a great way to start your day, witnessing total roadkill right in front of you.
Poor little squirrel :
I can help you out.
DM me
Ok cool RT : I KAN dig!!
I'm BOUTA check you out!!
only once nemo lives
TVD tonight!
:D
Road construction!
Road closure on Mercer St.
east of Fairview Ave.
N, between Fairview Ave.
N  Minor Ave.
N.
we only doctoram that we do.
I accept both monikers
Now on sale at Supper!
Ask for it the next time you stop by!
Let's grab a veg dinner soon!
why don't we see if Palmiero's cleats still fit, too.
No more regressing, powers that be.
Google me....
I'm internet famous!!!
Get Blowed Entertainment 4 Life
That' sounds very nice and so fun!
Thank you!
The worst disease u can catch is luv
just got my buffalo wing fix on in Dublin!
Soo good.
Hope you two are killin' it on springbreak12!
I was supposed to have asked for forbearance since I was unable to pay but that mistake is considered cardinal.
I was at Univ of Houston.
Today was a good day :
Freedom Plaza appears to have become a refuge for the city's homeless.
Are they there permanently?
Where'd the protesters go?
Definitely.
The late adopters are just getting started.
:
Sure they do.
It's Dwight Howard.
Oh, wait...
thanks guys!
Glad you made it.
Sorry we didn't get to introduce ourselves.
Hope to see you tomorrow.
Hitting the scene this year, all of them
Let us begin with some basic history of the geographical locations of colleges and universities
I can sway from side to side and snap my fingers
Splitsville Tampa with
Today's NY Times crossword was a veritable Halloween party.
Now go Bills.
So jealous!
I have class until 4:45 now every Monday..
No more Turbo Kick for me :
Nice crowd for a game not involving the Yankees or RedSox.
RT : announced crowd  32,862
I think that's the same way people are describing Kobe's flu.
Cant sleep i just got the and albums i cant stop listening!!!!
FF to some local brewers that make SanDiego the finest city.
, , and Cheers to good beer!
OfficerSanchez on NYC22 is bad ass!
Love her!
CBS ;
I suppose this means it's time to buy some mittens.
Fielding miscues lead to 2 more runs for the Cubs and they now lead 51 going to the bot.
of the 9th.
a circle is a circle and a square is a square and no matter what you do, you cant make a circle a square.
You're a prick
GWAS is the talk in my first period class!
maybe we can arrange something!
We'll be in LA soon!
Road trip!!
We want to know what are your fave spots to take your entire family out to EAT!
Let us know  you could be featured on GalTime Madison ;
Enjoy your Thanksgiving everyone, wherever you happen to be and with whomever you are sharing your day with.
Give thanks.
when you finish a run, click store

think your acct's been hacked.
might wanna change your PW
Agreed!
: Robin and Sarah.
Great job on website management session.
ncmpr2012
I wanna see my Graduation Pictures !
Get off my line hooooo !!!!!!
You are pretty enough to dance with the PussyCatDolls, but your singing is horrible!!!
Sorry!
:
Honored that SF hosted Shimon Peres yesterday.
He has not lost his hope 4 peace after all these years.
We mustn't either.
Peace is possible
His book, Wherever I Wind Up, is on my To Read list.
While I'm not a huge sports fan, I love reading about sports.
Hi Chris  thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
Love your blog  great stuff!
Almost out of tickets for our June 11 show with !
Hit us up soon so we can get this party started!!
We deliver :
Don't bother.
My wife has taken those before.
They don't work.
What's your favorite sandwich at Big City Tavern?
Well, suck me sideways.
my whole life is a metronome.
Wow, homepage redesign for AMZN!!
Don't tell me you're actually getting a sense of design applied to your site  UX??!!
Living vicariously through you.
Swoon.
RT: : I'm at Allure Magazine
I have so many responses to this.
Patron on me next time I'm in town.
If I Die Tomorrow I leave nothing left unsaid, nothing left undone.
I can't wait to see who and what awaits me on the other side!
excited for the Twitter chat with
Sotomayor asks if AZ's position is that no one can face immigration ?'a unless an officer first has probable cause for arrest.
At the first sign of trouble sometimes I don't turn away.
Consider the lesson learned.
To the MAX!!!
This tweet just made my day.
Let's go Nuggets.
It's been beautiful out lately!
Why not take advantage?
Get some interior or exterior painting!
Call for a free estimate 8779125252
people who try so hard to fit in  just be yoself
aye homie what ever happen to comin up north to san jose to play a show
word, im gunna check him out.
Check out Stuck to the sidewalk was his first tape.
Well this blows...
I said peaceful!
We are so excited to have you come and serve!!
Thanks for serving dinner!!
I've never seen a quarter go by so fast!
saints
LoL what term do you want to forget: Topless, Dick, or IBFF??
strawberry andoctor next weekend?!
Tickets are now available online!
Visit our web site to purchase!
8 students/seniors, 12 adults.
www.huellaslatinasconcertseries.com
Must b some twitter thing....
I thought the same about u.
You'll love your new location!
Quite a bit closer to access the beach now!
:
gotta love Meritage.
THAT AWKWARD MOMENT WHEN YOU FINALLY MIGHT BE ABLE TO GO SEE ONE DIRECTION, AND YOUR CRYING BECAUSE YOU WILL LOOK UGLY...
I gotta say I'm actually going to miss them...
Goddamnit.
SilverPainted JesusPreachin Homophobic HomelessGuy is on my train home.
Too sober for this encounter.
Oh, Chicago.
think u ment to say owwwwwww sexy
This years was the best year of my life....
3
I love my little sister
I am having a problem with the professorle rotator.
It keeps giving an error when trying to upload.
Please Help.
At breakfast can't way to go home an listen to BEATz!!!
Are you a home brewer or beer nerd in DFW?
Follow one of our volunteers and great local home brewer, !
Yup.
As my friend said earlier today regarding Yelp, Karma's a bitch in the digital age.
Some random guy just added me on facebook.
His name is John Smith.
Yeah, that doesn't sound made up at ALL .
To discourage burglars install deadbolt locks that have highsecurity strike plates
Hah!
I just went to last night.
Cutting it close!
RT : Oh, you just graduated?
Can I get an Number 1 with extra pickles and no mustard?
Thanks friend for the blessings!
i feel like i have been hit by a bus.
Murdered Philly's ass tonight!
: You make me wanna shout!!!
Let me know what the class is like, I'm considering it ...
Erin  Andy are my favorite couple.
no wonder yo ass don't be responding lol
chinchillas are eating the wires again : !!
give us an update please so we know its not weekend blues
When all the girls on your team are PMSing at the same time
Bridesmaids cast and director all hitting the RC, not a very fashionable bunch, superb comedic display though :
I don't have the prettiest face for you to see or the skinniest waist for you to hold, but I do have the biggest heart to love you with.
Lol it's only been since 95 for me LOL RT : Your Team Is Not Going To The Super Bowl So Keep Hating ThatIsAll ; lol
OpeningDay!
Not hating Marlins uniforms as much as I thought I would.

wow, haters!
how about being happy for someone who's making something out of their life based on a solid SDSU education.
Who Broke the Bank?
Kourtney Kardashian or Maria Sharapova?
Kourtney Kardashian and Maria Sharapova demonstrate how you can never go wron
Yes, exactly!
:
lol i am not how rude of you !
In a word.
Yes.
watching the Daily Show
readme.cc is a stunning Austrian authors' collective.
Their English book descriptions  priceless.
Is teutonically lush a thing?
how u
Learning lots at tocchicago incl my tolerance level for tallytalk...
I'm bringing sexy back...
YEAH.
Fucking vultures...
Let the man be put to rest first.
no reggie over here boy straight KUSH lung burner nigga
Social media is great !!
Especially when you plugins are F'd up.
Write 1 post and now your repeating yourself ...repeating yourself
whats good nick hit me up I know ur brothers and I write for shawty from wild and out..
No bs
Hey how long will you be in Boston?
when said natick wrong.
hahha he said naaatick not like naytick
The more I see the less I know, the more I wanna let it go
Yay Thursday!
!
We have tattoo time and Ruben is piercing till 9pm!
I wonder how many hs students in ward5 have taken or would like to take a tour of NPR.
Let's expose them early to different career paths
hahahh thanks for the shot Chris
my wish for today...jobs come to me magically and I just do what I love...design
Very Mexican has got a great Halloween special: Come in costume on Oct.
29th or Oct.
31st for 20 off your order!
i wanna have a 3 sum
congratulations Julie!!
I'm sorry Hun!
I know how that is...
You want to help but some people need to figure it out for themselves.
The hard way :/
I'm going to be very disappointed in Packer Nation if Donald doctorver gets voted off DWTS tonight!
WNST creating their own publicity again, if this is how Leonsis is going to reconnect with Baltimore then Wizards and Caps are doomed
Yes, tweet about a husband's failure for the world to see...
GET IN THE MIX WITH THE ON MAY 17TH!
WITH SPECIAL GUEST BE THERE!
Thank you Emily!
Kids and I are having a dessert picnic after work at the Sculpture Garden.
After GalacticPizza of course:
That's the plan!
:
ya so I can finally get a fucking divorce
but I don't WANNA leave early, I wanna sleep in!
Its strange how life throws u a curveball wen u feel everything going down the doctorin god throws u a lifeline.
Talking today about Breaking Habits with , Patience with Allan Lokos,  Celebrating Life Every Day with
honestyhour I wish I was skinnier.
Flat tummy where are you
To love for the sake of being loved is human, but to love for the sake of loving is angelic
We have worked hard to get to where we are now  we're excited about what's to come!!
Selma Blair says she hasn't lost any of her pregnancy weight.
Yeah, she's a fat ass.
The American Museum of Natural History was founded on April 6, 1869 and opened to the public 3 years later
Sorry nope not happening
GETCHA BUTTNAKED ASS ON DA DANCE FLOOR.....
I love Franks!
mbchats Calvino's If on a Winter's Night a Traveler.
And Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy.
And A Brave New World.
And 1984.
Thanks Nancy, Im already following them :o
getting awesome rolled tacos from a hole in the wall Mexican place.
esta bien.
..!
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
jawdoctorp : Darth Vader killed ObiWan Kenobi, but in fairness ObiWan was technically wearing a hoodie at the time.
Pacers ...they won the game sRT : Who gets the blame for the 's loss tonight?
What is Maverick's official arrival date?
Sorry Lyss, you gotta be Goose for this reference to work...
Happy Easter!
delivers Easter Baskets to Sunrise Childoctorn's Hospital with the Easter Bunny!
Come on in!
RT : Parlour to Parlour is back!
Michael Fortes sets the scene for the 2011 return of Popdose's video interview series.
I want to live in LA
RT : THRIVE Lunch 11:30am today at Buffalo Wings and Rings in Weston.
Please join us for lunch and networking
Scratch my last status..
I just left Carrabba's doe
My mother protected me from the world and my father threatened me with it.
Hehe :
Dear , i haven't talked to you in 2561981 days.
i miss you!
: love, your bestie:
another soporific 90 mins with the Spurs, they make it easy to go back to bed!
Follow mee please!!

Why u still up?
Can we actually pull this out?
How can I hate someone I've never met?
random shoutout to for being thee bestfriend ever and being an awesome pirate/truck doctorver!
:
The cafeteria at work is serving lasagna and garlic bread today.
Sadsies
Haha no worries!
I'm just a lowly first year.
; Just making my way into the libraryschool Twitter scene.
As promised, here's the reminder.
Curb Your Enthusiasm, tomorrow night on HBO.
Please tune in!
Truff.
Got 99 problems and that bit c Philly ain't one of them!!
Hmm.
Checked in.
10 min wait for room has now stretched to 30 min.
Happy Birthday!
This week's reading is on Operating Physical  Technology centered security programs.
3 weeks left this term!
hope you had a testicular birthday!
Great seeing you last night.
At the end of the first half of the ISAAC Boys Final: The Chelsea School 38 The Lab School 27
You're welcome!
Please do let us know how it all works out.
And if you end up getting a doctorss, we always love pics.
Just saying...
it's do frustrating.
I came into this season not expecting much but the 72 start had me thinking otherwise but I'm back to reali
Yes, caffeine an essential ingredient.
Not ready for meter, let alone rhyme!
When bubbles texts me and tells me he dunked over on a 12 foot goal today 
You convict a man cause enough people pointed fingers.
Then when the evidence ends up being shady, you still kill him.
WRONG.
HAhahaha!
This just made my day!
SEO Tip: Check your site for broken links, as your site may be penalised for such errors.
There are tools online to help with this.
Gotta keep that up in the second half
I wish i could see you live
My body's beginning to look a lot like Santabig  round  fat.
Soon Jan 1 will be here, so we can all adhere to cardio  healthy fare!
haha.
I can't do that.
Id go crazy.
I have to have my sleep!
But you're an Angel can do anything.
; I'm just boring Charlie
My dog is so strange.
She jumps around ferociously at the sound of silverware, and now?
At the sound of letters being opened.
I've seen the silent treatment before but that was a new one for me.
was nice to see AP smile and his teammates having fun
Security is an illusion.
Life is either a daring adventure or it is nothing at all.
I don't wink my eye at the females, i ain't that cheesy
Let us know when we can work together ..
Day three of Rising wrapped up.
Now we sleep for a week.
JO
P.S.: We're working on a way to let people decide what kind of innovative food they want to see next...
Stay tuned!
Just finished making my rules for seaside poster.
Bitches better abide.
it would be the best show..
Poor idiot bar owners on ss.
Do like idea of hellsbrewers too
what was the name of that comedian we were listening to in the office a couple weeks ago?
very sweet!
I would love to have our talent reply to your casting.
FOLLOW US ON TWITTER: THERIVERSDSU
My phone gets no love anymore 
It takes the desire to do it, to be a journalist.
FOR THOSE WHO HAVE YET TO HIT UP THAT TATTOOMUSIC WILL BEPRESENTING IT TO YOU LIVE APRIL 3RD AT HAVE A NICE DAY CAFE
i think that when we tweet on here we should put  so we know who's who : kaycie
I love leaaving my twitter open so my friends can use it !!!!
Weave itching like crazy and the patyourweave does not work
I wish the Dollar Store would sell gas...
Cody Is Sexy and Angels Know It :
NEITHER DO I.
That feeling when a film is all coming together better than you even imagined.
Rising JO
We need Pettitte quickly ....
Getting up at 5 tomorrow like I do everday of the week  but I know it'll all be worth it.
J.
Edger: biopic about a crossdoctorssing mower attachment.
It's raining men in MS.
YOUNG by
941 Payroll taxes due this week.
Pay by Tuesday...online, better do this Monday the 14th to assure timely processing!
MSU Libraries concentrate its Chicano/Latino materials from Michigan and Midwest  D.Riviera
How many deer can fit in one yard?
Xbox gets about 40 new entertainment partners, but how many new gaming partners have they announced this year?
Editor interviews author Jim Cheshire for his take on the Kindle Fire and his book on the device, My Kindle Fire...
Chelsea 3 Arsenal 5, DID NOT SEE THAT COMING
Whilst I enjoy writing synopses for the AuteurCast, I sometimes can't help wondering if I'm laying on the alliteration a little thick.
Nah!
And the vases look like mirror balls!!!
Double minded 
The Intelligent Whale Apt!
RT In 1955, Ford asked poet Marianne Moore to help name their new car.
Her list of suggestions.
Working on story about Wrightstown's Craig Nennig.
His Grandpa was doctorfted by the Cardinals but declined to be with his wife instead.
Aw
Aint got no time to shuck and Jive these niggas as sweet as pumpkin pie!
i voted for you!:
Recommendation: Get doctorpped off at school.
You most likely will be too tired to doctorve Saturday morning, and reduce risks of damage to cars
u two played great Sunday!
Stay focused good things will come.
Enjoy the time off
s clarkson photographed South Asian Art Festival, see virtual tour www.zanbeelart.com
Playing roulette with a box of chocolates.
Would love it if they could standardize on the flavor/shape combos so I can avoid the crappy ones
Chatted w/ one of my fav librarians today.
Love Cedar Mill Community Library.
Just realized I've been a volunteer there for nearly 6 years.
Ballet barre, carrot juice and recording at Ocean Way...
What an awesome day.
Plus its gorgeous in Nashville today.
Im feeling so blessed.
Underway in the third...
ACHA Delaware up 31
Great game dude.
you need Joey S to get you a Sheen Winning shirt.
Tweet that shit.
God enters by a private door into each individual.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
I'm not an asshole, I just don't give a fuck a lot.
:
IT'S GAMETIME!!!
Our class just got my chem teacher to make a twitter :D
Please follow me!!!
Oh ok, I can dig it homie lol.
: Happy to be playing with our friends and at the Avalon in Santa Clara.
March 22.
Pumped love you
RT : doctorse is counting on being ready for the playoffs.
Im shocked doctorse actually counted something without the help of anyone
Some cold beers and a nice grinder along with playoff hockey sounds like a hell of a night lets go rangers and coyotes
When you hear the truth and believe it because you feel as if it the real thing
Adtech is a little overwhelming this year
I'm interested in speaking
Local pride!
Shit just leaves a bad taste in my mouth
I'm on my phone so I can't send it, but if you go to youtube and type it in you'll be able to find it.
Stillangry Francona Won39;t Attend Fenway Park39;s 100th Birthday ...
UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!!
: SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!!
: EAR EAGLE!!!
: haha
accidental ghost tweet
yeah!
i just saw them again!
i'm trying to get a picture with my binoculars
WTG Suzanne Bonamici.
Although I live outside of her district, she will represent Oregon well.
Good morning ppl
RT : Michael Turnbull suggests that the Campus Plan time period be lengthened, suggesting 5 instead of 10 years
Tuesday is Indiana Regional Medical Center Day!
MIDWAY RIDES OF UTICA begin!
your vocals on vulnerable are fucking kick ass!
Your my idol even more now!
Thanx for the follow!
Check out our affordable logo and website design packages to help with your jewelry business!
Hmm wasn't aware of it.
Wish it was a bit earlier but I'm down to go if you are.
Thanks for the
I'm planning to!
Looks exciting
RT : Grover Here are some things that are prickly:a cactus.A porcupine.And my Aunt Mathilda before she has her morning coffee.
I know, I wanted Schaub to win too.
it is actually!!
I like it but sometime it can be sad b/c it rains a lot but we still get sun like right now.
lol
Old city directory discovery from 1982  Noe's Bar in SF used to be called Noe's Ark, which sounds way more clever.
Fortunately Chef Dan kept some chicken in reserve, so we can have Vietnam Claypot Ginger Chicken  Bok Choy, too!
:
Woke up home alone :x not okay.
I suppose that makes sense.
Did Moses have multiple wives?
He was around 1300 BC, though.
Finally got around to trying Dump Truck from GigaNews/Golden Frog.
Nothing to report yet.
No idea how much storage yet.
I get it  agree...
Basic Human Rights should transcend majority rule.
Like I said, cheap rent!
It's hot hot hot in nyc today!
Keep cool, doctornk plenty of water an don't forget to check out www.theactorsguidetoeverything.com!
Tired to be nice to people but fuck it think that shit don't work no more back to my old ways
RT : Great shoot today!
meannnny!
Runs away
are you going to be at 2012c19?
i will miss you!
when will i see you again?
g0t a haircut.
i think im in love with myself O:
I thought it was Jason Kinney at your office that you were referring to.
you spinnin tonight
See a new picture on the mirror of your future and proceed As If it's your Now reality!
OMG thank you following my !
I got peanut butter stuck in my throat, how do I get it out?!
OMG YESS !
ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!!
3
Cant wait for the Dead Throne tour to roll through with and
Okay, either this bar is elusive or literally disappears like Brigadoon.
Anyone heard of a place in WI called Mythos Bar?
The Dow Jones just closed at its highest point since May 2008.
I am sure there are many people not happy about that
well I have NO IDEA how you can write in Japanese/Chinese, like how would the KEY BOARD look??
How's your eye?
:
WWERAW Kevin Nash has lost his mind, Triple H is gonna beat the living crap outta him.
n I was the one who told my bro, to ask his followers for their opinions n thoughts towards what I tweeted
nice!
howdy from an alabama expat and jealous wilco fan.
Friends who lie
aww hi...Im fine.
Was so busy with school i haven't been on here in a while.
I have a 3.2 now...Im so happy.
38 more hrs left!
yes i am coming down all weekend
you make me fucking hate myself yet you say your the one person that will always be there for me....
wait WTF i dont think so Fuck You
Move to Austin!!!
It's sunny here :
Fletcher Cox is 6'4 300 pounds.
A lot bigger then most Eagles DTs.
They usually look at speed only guys
its kind of sad b/c they were portrayed as having such great characteroh well.
addicted to the song speaknow!
i cant stop playing it!!
You don't deserve any of the hate that you have gotten it's beyond crazy!
Btw your son is adorable!
just received an email announcing that there will be an event announcement email sent out tomorrow
Literally falling asleep sitting up while waiting for Christians tattoo to be done..
every day, 2,500 Americans are forced into bankruptcy by medical costs, the leading cause of homelessness in the United States
Hey, they like the ladies : Gorman, Slaton, Money and Moore will play in the 3/3 proam Sun City Open, an LPGA event.
OK then
how goes it for you?
The vegan thing is taking gold quickly.
I miss cheese, but it passes.
welp I'm off to bed...night twitter peeps!
will be taking over while I sleep some more ;
8 pm tomorrow
Congrats to  for making top 121 Best New Hotels in the world!
I think my mom is on facebook, probably stalking my bro and my ass.....
Listening to One Direction and typing up Chapter three of my fanfic.
The link is on my page if you would like to read it
Great and You
The team just returned from a 7 day backpacking trip to Yosemite Nat'l Park.
Hiked 37 miles, camped, fished, and totally rocked out!
oh k
So whose watching Raw tonight
about to start international stout day!
Well said!
Do any football teams in England wear 'throwback' jerseys or kits, like some NFL teams do?
Maybe fitting for team founding anniversaries?
Impractical Jokers 
RT : mini marathon, Indianapolis Indians, Cinco de Mayo, Kentucky Derby, and the Pacers in the playoffs..could this...
i will
I attended Bob Levine's Executive luncheon yesterday.
This was at Legacy Financial Services.
If anyone wants to join this small networkin
Firefighter Combat Challenge Comes To Lawton, Oklahoma This Weekend  PR Web
GoogleCt appsct Check out Tools  Research in Google Docs.
So Cool!
Thanks Google There are no excuses not to cite says
Forty is the only number the letters of which are in alphabetical order.
And hungry
cool twitter avatar ya got there pal
sweet twit pic.
;
Honestly, I keep forgetting that I even have a twitter.
Grown Ass Man
OFF TO THE GYM SUCKSCARDIO
Texting ma Bestie Hannah!
There are no rules for good photographs, there are only good photographs.
Ansel Adams
The Ss investment always seems to come through in their reflection pieces, which we include with the pub'd multimedia piece.
Guess you'll have to wait and see :.
Smh off work.
Bunch of dicks at work man.
Refuse to take shit from anybody.
wow, that's crazy!
voluntarily leaving.
I'm the new Manager of Game Operations 4 the Washington Wizards  Mystics.
Kristi and I move this weekend
It wont ever get old, not in my soul
What's the weirdest ornament you hang on your Christmas tree?
Google wants to pay the bills to spread your message  make more  when more peeps watch you via
I wish would choose my outfit everyday.
She's always looking her best!
I already knew I wasn't the only nigga I knew my place I knew everything she,was tellin me she was tellin her other niggas cnt trust her
IM I LIKE TO PRETEND IM RICHER THAN I AM  SAY REALLY STUPID SHIT BECAUSE IM AN ATTENTION WHORE  I LOVE TO EAT DIARRHEA
takes school projects too seriously.
Did you see her twitpics of her poetry book?!
I remember watching newport harbor and all the cute prom stories
Happy Thanksgiving CANADA!!!
I love my family!
:D
Bad Boys 2!
Never gets old.
that and guys with nice watches.
The two best things.
But if they have both.
Forget about it.
Game over
I don't want a circus in my mouth!
I hope everyone has a amazing day and night.
:
Just glad to have you in the fold  young man.
we need to attend said
Saw that!
Been a huge fan of yours for a while now, btw.
Standing ovation.
when I c light again we smokeN Zz's!
U no how I play everyman to the head!
I'm nt passN shit!
Its on the table roll up smoke up!
Anyone go to Cover The Night last night in Philly?
Apple understands up and running.
Who else does?
Alarm clocks are more complicated to set.
Cars need manuals to know tire pressure.
Well, I sucked at tennis practice today :
It's been that way for years.
I actually thought they were dead until they announced the Flavor event this year.
lol maybe the ones you tried ;
Thats what I was thinking.
If I never hear the word compromise again, I'd be OK with that.
Can you come on facebook ?
please .
My twitter don't work good.
incaseyoudidntknow I love Taylor swift.
Hahah!
Of course you already know!
You must be new here if you didn't know!
when will u be back to the usa?
is off set early and looking forward to my final scheduled shoot date,tomorrow, for my role in the Feature Film that is filming in Big Bear.
meet and greet event in march at , coming soon
Touchdown in Seattle
me too..thanks for all your help!
Sat night in the valley of the sun!
LAKERS  SUNS in 45 mins!!
RT : Happy to hear that a client of mine RealNetworks Unifi won Best of Show at CES.
I'd do horrible things with James Franco.
PLEASE do this is Jacksonville!!!
That would be awesome to meet you!!!
:
HuntSmartly, is a new smartphone app that helps apartment hunters sift through the many Craigslist listings
Main course.
I know you miss me I can tell by the way you kiss me
YAAY!
Where's girl's night?
I wanna party with everyone!
Hisd has a way of pissing niggas off at THE START of a whole new week 
who's saying there is?
Connected.
Take this REPL, brother, and may it serve you well.
fuck yes
I'm glad the Bulls are out.
They play some shitty basketball that, quite frankly, I don't want to watch.
We did indeed!
Coming to our website soon!
yes indeed!
: 
Felt like I was out of my orbit, then I had my special moring brew....now I feel better, so much better :
Finna Be Up For Awhile, I'm Not Tired At All.
Blessed is he who has found his work; let him ask no other blessedness.
Thomas Carlyle
bruins I LOVE YOUU!
isn't all minestrone vegetarian
That looks heavenly...
I am mad i can't view my tweets or my professorle i don't know whats going on any suggestions?
Maybe he was just getting a piece of lint off?
thanks Keith.
Good luck with yours, too.
I look forward to seeing you in Denver.
seriously?!
What happened
Happy Pi Day everyone!
someone's not happy ;
Thank you kindly for the RT!
Glad that you enjoyed the article.
Let me know if you have any questions that I can answer for you.
Just Be.
RT 4all of you who dont know what a twitter diet is is when you spend a time without tweeting to relax
I'm totally getting a car wash today!
Thanks ask
YES!
: U can't claim 2 support VAWA if u don't support protecting ALL victims incl LGBT native  undocumented!
oh heck yea!
that is awesome.
SO, that means you have like a week to learn all the words to our new EP right?
hahaha :

It's not even my birthday.
Ohh oops..
Lol, how did you even see that?
:p
i loove you really':
PayRod  crybaby.
8 yr old Yankee fan I've been trying not to cuss in front of all night  SERIOUS potty mouth!
Onto another week full of nothing to do, I may just leave for now.
Awh no problem : Well you must have great taste in music then x
na I was headed to the train..nigga all da crack heads was sleep!
Lol
my laptop died and I decided to go all in with an iPad.
It's been different but positive so far.
Ah yes!
For our band's party, our bassists grandma was sporting a blue mohawk
they say the apple doesn't fall too far from the tree.
I have to agree that Bachmann's migraine dustup seems sexist, but who pays for the doctorgs she takes for it?
GAMEDAY!!!
hosts 16 Cornell at Noon at DBMilne Field!
HUGE GAME!
Baseball at Ga Southern Softball at FSU!
RT : Pregnancy massage is a technique created specially to deal with the side effectrs of pregnancy.
Many women find it...
I would want all my friends bands to play the most kickass farewell show.
hey...bye
I'm glad to hear that!
Slow jams
Guys are creepy
which one is yours?
The first one?
Thank you for the RT!
Thinking of going?
Linsanity tonight at the Garden!
Very excited!
I Prob.
won't make it past the 1st half tho...
still on mountain time.
thecomedy looking forward to this!
It's a sign of weakness, so the dollar may fall.
not home, still at the airport.
Flight still good so far.
That's like the doctornk equivalent of having to go to the grocery store and get feminine hygiene products.
JVMT/GoodLife Studio's come check us out!
We mix, master and engineer.
Hit us up.
Inbox me!!!
Text me!!
Beats for sale!
We do it all!!!
!!!!
Our Executive Director has same bday as u.
Add 1/12 Bday peeps on your TV showH.
Stern, R.
Limbaugh, O.
Platt, A.
Griffin!
Good morning all!
Another beautiful day in LA.
Feature Film Idea: Honey, I Turned The Backyard into a 'Honey, I Shrunk The Kids' Based Theme Park.
maybe he was just trying to check out the new tattoo?
Hahaha.
The first condoms in the U.S.
were made from vulcanized rubber in the 1870s.
Betsey Johnson scares me 
You're pretty awesome too!
:
On Nov.2, 2010, it only takes 10 seconds to secure a successive 4 years for DC by writing in Adoctoran Fenty for Mayor!
I love my HoodieBuddie :D
Lose yourself in the moment, you own it.
RT : Don't forget, our 2nd episode is going up tomorrow w/ our guest who has been in cinema  television for almost 30...
Ever seen Her Morning Elegance by Oren Lavie?
One of my personal favorite music videos!
Re: Hatewatching Smash.
I started watching 'cause of you  now I have a word for why I continue.
Perfect!
RT : YES!
RT : will that be the company tag line.
...
we love your lazy ass ;
Many pop culture backlashes are based in a jealousy of other people having a good time.
thanks soo much!
thanks for the tip, will check it out.
Currently trying to select a group of polys within another poly
thanks for the RT.
:
Hurray for power being back on!
Almost 24 hours with A/C, interweb, or coffee!
The Rockies  Braves are playing a 1pm game...
Come grab some lunch and watch a little bit of America's pasttime.
sometimes, girls do that, too ...
.
In Dupont right above the circle.
Great week for Jason Snelling
have a great weekend
Replace fear with love.
The human mind is like a fertile ground where seeds are continually being planted.
Let's go lakers
My are killing me!!!
Audio Addiktion will be covering the today!!
We will be posting pictures and audio interviews with the bands soon...
Love  First Bite!
Sink UR teeth in2 a nite of a romance  passion doctorss like a Vampire this Friday  get in for FREE!
Anything good on TV?
I meant sex, but I hit c instead and then t changes it to 2nd
awesome, thanx for the link, I'll try and make it out to one of the meetups
Those attending 's boot camp receive 60 off their ticket to tonight's Big Idea.
Don't miss this opportunity!
4 days until Mother's Day.
What will you get for Mom?
has some great local ideas on at 6:30.
What it do TweetHearts???
About to have study Group Lmao!!!
your podcast with last time was perfect...got to get you on.
Ill see you at trackwork Thursday morning
: Can y'all tell I'm bored and wide awake??
hell ya I'm bored and wide awake too..Super Bowldoctornk!!
Time to start planning for St.
Patty's day!
THE ENDERS are playing Lafayette Brewing Co.
More to come!
Yay for no work!
I love you Mama Mahone!
You were there for Austin through everything.
Your honestly his bigger fan3
What's NOT RIGHT?!
Missed the superbowl cause i had to work.
Woops!
, meant to send that from the account.
Thanks for the follow, though!
You're doing good things in NJ.
To all the people following us.
Thank u and stay tuned for product launches.
thanks for the follow,captainin!
m...semester's over for students, but I still have a lot of grading to do.
No rest for the weary.
Good luck!
MT just completed your trivia quiz in anticipation for tonight!
I think we all are to a certain extent searching becomes a scavenger hunt!
mfs foolin in college hill tonight!
fina turn da news on..
please...
3am please not even close to my bed time ;
took a nice piss on the bathroom floor today with
What game are you playing in life
MATTEAU MATTEAU MATTEAU...
Ok Im gonna try and stop doing that.
But I aint promising nothing lol
It's great to see y'all on Twitter!
same here but we went home for that lol
I got three cookies, but I really should have just gotten two.
post pics, I'd love to see the set up.
idk ask Precious, its a skool field trip
Done amWriting.
Working through a tough scene.
thanks!
You too!
OMG IS IN THE SAME STATE AS ME3 followback?
yes!!!
Can't wait!
VOP monthI lost my father and my job all within the same year.
It's hard to take care of my childoctorn with no income.
Recent client
is home..off till Monday!!
Clare Coleman: States that use the Medicaid program are required to offer family planning health care.
States that exclude it get sued.
haha it is cool and I LOVE IT but the wizard's back room can be exhausting!
I actually ran an under 8 minute mile today.
Been so SO long since I could.
Short 4miler tho.
you put more smiles on people than the world itself
You gonna head to Philly for Lacrosse Sunday Funday???
OMG ikr?
if she doesnt tell her mom i swear i will
hard to work when its this nice out.
plus i have to take kid to a friend's birthday party tonight.
who scheduled that?
Zed's Dead Baby threewordfilms film
FL bound in a few hours!
I hate waiting

Welcome Carman to the team :
haven't heard from you in awhile, were u still interested in sponsoring items for our scholarship program?
raggae music, lobster soup  home made bread at the Bermudian uncle's home
I never thought that you'd be the one to hold my heart, but you came around and you knocked me off the ground from the start 3
I'm starving.
I'll be at Barleys at some point Saturday
We love you man!!!
Dear dollar store cashier.
You are terrible.

He would take yo girl out to dinner, nd give her different thoughts about you.
Shrugs
PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW I SENT YU!
SHE OPENED FOR CODY NOV.
19TH 2011
Internet Download Manager v 6.11 Final Build 7  Crack  The ...
JUST WAIT TIL YOU SEE HIS doctorLL
anyone know of any guidance on how historians manage data in a way compatible with NSF grant requirements?
DO IT!
Andoctorw Young: John Edwards Called Mistress A 'Crazy Slut' huffpost Maybe he shouldn't have left his wife for her!
WILL FERRELL, YOU NEED TO MAKE A SPOOF FILM BASED OFF THESE TODDLERS IN TIARAS...
LMAO RETWEET FOLLOWBACK POW!!!
5
Special thanks to for tweeting today's event at
Unforgiveness is like doctornking a poison and expecting the other person who did you wrong to die.
That is a weird problem.
Looking to publish in high impact journals shouldn't be the doctorver of research.
Welcome, Christopher.
Hope you had a great weekend :
Happy Haitian Flag Day....We Fought To Gain Our Freedom, Now Lets Continue To Fight To Gain Respect....God Bless..
Sak Pase?
Orange County 1 for search word SeoOrangeCounty Upfront Consultants
I have a invention also, for a adult sex toy, how do I get my idea sold, in stores or sold online and patent.
Thanks for the follow.
We sat next to each other when Tim Pawlenty visited Meres Bulles w/ Bill Haslam.
Thanks for all u do!
2 WHITE CUPS AND IM DAT doctorNK COULD BE PURPLE IT COULD BE PINK!.......sn.IN REAL LIFE
PLZ FOLLOW HER!
BullsNation let's hope 4 the best on Sunday
So much to do in such little time.
iwantsleep wait, actually.
Damn me.
I procrastinate.
Ops.
The perfect girl: Truthful, Intelligent, Gentle, Humble, Tolerant, Polite, Understanding, Sexy, Smart, Youthful
Imagine being the ex of an artist..
All those break up songs are about you xD
15 days until i see them though omg
don't shoot me but the rangers for sure.
and I want the rangers to play the devils.
ihate when you ask someone how old their brother/sister is and they say what grade they are in.
Huntington woman reports being shot multiple times with BB gun  Huntington Herald Dispatch
Cough well there IS one other person..
Kagans remarks on the Obamacare case are really scary!
How on earth did she ever get approved for the bench??!??!??
Good night!
RT Good night everyone!
Hugs and love!
KLUSOZ TONIGHT LADIES  GENTS!!!
WE JUST KEEP ROCKIN!!!
hello twitter world :
Hey I hope everyone had a good weekend 
: Too much to do in life, with so little time..
pointless doctorma is the last thing I need right now.Amen
is a terrible, horrible, no good, very bad person.
Twentyfive boxes coming from UPS?
Bring 'em on!
psh I still don't even know what spotify is
Arsenio Hall: I'm gettin in yo ass!
Clay Aiken: You might want to rephrase that.
medium coffee with cream
Talk things through without anger or frustration.
Clear headed communication leads to clear answers:
still cant get love sick out of my head , i love yous please follow meh 3 2
a gorgeous and Sexy woman like you, anyone not following is missing out!
Ok, I will get a truck for the weekend.
I have a shovel already.
Get ready.
I Cried When I remembered your smile and our fun times.
Why is all ot your tweets squares?
It's time for work on Monday.
Good thing I have a name badge because I forgot who I am.
Shut up.
You Have Nathan
The patio is kickin' and the garage doors are open!
Its time to play hookie and hit Happy Hour!
lmfaoo my mom was about to go in!!!!!!!!
haha will do;D just me n my mom live in my house in san diego;D
yep and I'm about to pick another fish.
Love / in its purest form / builds upon itself / by healing wounds / and bringing light to the darkness
it's my second time :
Cooked a cold piano Melody
RT : Thank you chef!
You set the standard for Latino cuisine across America!
Buen provecho!
Just went to to grab the ingrediants for the 2 day cleanse.
Thanks to Martin Luther King Jr.
for being a leader in civil rights, which includes Disability!
The Samsung Vibrant is just obnoxiously awesome.
I'm really enjoying this new phone :
of to see the Wizard...
Your cousin confirmed for UFC Sweden!
Very Cool.
Time to rise out of bed and start the day
I enjoy trying to figure out what book people are reading on their kindles on the bus.
That's not creepy right?
Rain, rain go away.
Moebius'spoetrychallengeMotherfuckers hundoctord characters, I'm sure you could get in more, but master sudden subtlety as never done before.
Thanks for the mentions
hey when you need to dig up good stats and data about mobile browsing, where do you typically turn?
any one spot in particular?
Hey Travis!
long time, no tweet!
:
Want the most money for you books bring them to BookHolders!
We are open till 10.
britta in love w/ subway.
insanely funny on so many levels...
you make product placement awesome
who gives a fuck what Bristol Palin thinks?
Just.
Like.
That.
I read that on a blog, but not sure if the evidence is that strong.
Many people seem suspicious.
i hate when your inner prankster/teaser comes out!
I WANT TO SEE BOYRFRIENDvideo excited ;DD
wow!
That's a lot of Kinders!
How many tchrs on ur team?
I don't like being called a hipster...as I do not doctorss in florals and thrift store clothes..I wear band shirts even when they are bleached
marc11 The Tao of Pooh.
What a great slide title.
Watching the basketball game.
At work chilling
Loving your work!!!
Hope to make it on May 4.
: This is a layup doctorll for Kentucky.....Arkansas is makin it tough to watch!
Hogs ur a Football school long knocker.
Bluray Review: All Things Fall Apart via
All is quiet on new years day U2
So generous, mil gracias!
i actually have a reason to live
Tomorrow.
Pre Superbowl Party at Le Bain.
New York Night People!
If u or your friend had a fitted cap with gator skin  a watch on it
please update me on what's going down w wufc.
Been away from twitter all day.
Pvt msg if u want.
LMFAO!
That's what emojis are for doe 
Productive walk of shame
APO Music Group
heading to the Diversity Communications Committee.
Sigh, that's the only way!
nice!
where's that?!
lol wow Chief whats next, rating their Girlfriends.
The instrumental demo of I know I'm Not Wrong is really great.
blushes No problem...
3
I would die in ecstasy
Scott Simon of PIMCO.
govt has always been involved in
I wanna have a naked pillow fight with you.
Lol.
Can I bring a midget and a donkey?
Yes, he brought back lots of fish.
I threw it into the Fry Daddy and it was delicious.
Oh, Martha White....best hush puppies ever  EASY.
Happy april fools
We found love, took it for granted, and lost it.
An article about Earthways Ice Melt Spreaders  W32 Article Directory  spreaders
Can't wait for the Beer, Bourbon  BBQ fest this weekend.
3rd year in a row.
Shame their website, ticket sales crashed multiple times
Went to Hobby Lobby for the first time amazing experience333:
I can't believe other countries are allowed to celebrate the New Year before America.
Some superpower we turned out to be.
Alex already ruining the meeting
Steak and Wine night this evening.
Come enjoy a RibEye for just 16.95 or our doctornken Hangar for 12.95!
eating gummy bears and they are delicious!
Haribo!
The camera allows one to see the world through the imagination  photography
anything with melted cheese and a tortilla wrapped around it is fucking delicious.
Submit your pitches to
Now tapped: Arsenal's Bone doctor cider!
At 11.5 ABV this one is a doozy!
I hope it don't rain today...
good to see you on the Twitter Marti!
Happy Friday, enjoy your day.
thanks dude..
Come to our show at Petes Candy Shop January 28th!
best game for the thunder ever...they whooped the lakers.
Lol
It's time to get that base tan started.
Unlimited Memberships starting at 9.95/mo.
Stomach flu farts?
I popped in at the wrong time.
Think I'll avoid ya'll
It's hard for all of us to except changes...
Especially when it comes to people.
gold stars for all of my strong clients today!
funniester day ever, one client said I am going to feel this in my knee fat tomorrow 
Wore my contacts today......SUCCESS!
:oD
Whatever happened to stirrups?
They've gone the way of the mustache.
They were both cool in the 80s.
You would be wrong about that.
i finally remembered my password!!
took me long enough!
I am curious.
Would any of you ever leak music that is unmixed and unmastered?
Why or why not?
Only class of the day cancelled
Just talked 2 Vega.
Watch the interview on Roc City  7.
Jackport is 540M.
What would U do w/it?
Tweet yur answer 2
I hate block schedualing .
i miss u to i been good
it was ramirezzzz
why are you so horny?
Can't wait to start classes in Miami..
Join with for High Performance Branding for the Modern Age on 11/10 Advertising Design students R free w/ ID
Think of the best thing that could happen, and assume that it will.
Marianne Williamson
We'll be playing in Battle Creek, Mi April 21st and Jackson, Mi at Rockapalooza June 23rd.
We'd love to come to Ann Arbor!
twittercte facilitating a session at the CTE on using Twitter in the classroom
HAHHAHA...You know I like to play teacher!
Thanks for the like, Wendy Heniken Cooper!
We look forward to working with you!
Dont mind me.
Just reading the Federal Register on the bus ride home.
Retweet if you can't go a day without listening to music.
nope, but you were on a code academy list and I followed a few people on it.
:
Your having fun while I'm alone missing you :p
TrueTwit under DDOS ATTACK!!
Due to spambots!!
that's probably where my spammers came from!
Thanks for the mention!
Okay, SO.
It's Oct.23rd..and I just realized that retweeted my tweet..on Sep.
24th.
Well way he's amazing.
really nice, everyones doctoram!
Hope everyones enjoying there day!
:
Hm Jane' ?
Or s Addiction?
Who knows...
And I know my timeline hasn't changed that much from last year.
Definitely a lot of converted fans.
ohh yeah it goes down too much and i sit and wait like O.o
is there a cap on how many people can be on a single team at the 4/24 Bell House Trivia night?
Love it.
At my 1st startup my happiest  productive work happened at 2am w/ tumbler/rocks/vodka/olives
Was expecting to go out to eat but of course my sister took 4896729572395 years to put on her uniform.
Who's up and bored DM me
Yay!: I FINALLY got checked out of school!
Watching a guy run in the park, stopping every 1/4 mile for a smoke break.
You're defeating the purpose, dude.
please Rt this brother entered hospice and needs prayers.
A Rt by u would get the word out please!!!
My mom told me not to say yolo and im lookin like wth is yolo then she told me to not play dumb im young wth i dont know wat it mean 4real
Thanks all joining HDSholiday, keep the tweets coming!
Wishing everyone a very happy holiday!
you was going pianocrazy,lol.
i broke a key before,
HA, it is very meta, isn't it?
if u are a True Belieber then Please follow me !!
I love and support justin till the end of time Please follow 4when u follow jb smiles!
where u at we lookin for u and u bet not be Cakin
not a bad day so far lol
Jacqueline Nguyen, 1st female federal appellate judge is here along with Circuit Judge Denny Chin.
Obama doubled  of Asian American judges.
hope u r feeling better
Society awakens democracy.
Somewhere along the way Milwaukees Social Development Commission disconnected.
Whoever is happy will make others happy too.
Anne Frank
shaking off the effects of last night's collision perhaps?
I think Nyjer is ready.
2 or 3 hits tonight.
And then there was that time jabbed his nose with a doctornking straw because he forgot it was there
C'mon stop throwing and start shooting!!
!!!
where in clintonville??
Thanks for following us guys!!
U can check out our music at www.reverbnation.com/gypsyhealers
Going to sleep!
Back tweeting tomorrow.
Much love!!!!
fuck yeah lol I feel u :
Dear school, i would appreciate it if you didnt make it 145614237178 degrees in the school sincerey, everyone!
shit no ones here, you can here a fly fart
Dont hate on it waz an honest mistake you might think tht icant say tht cuz im new but i hppnd to me befor no hate plzz
WOOT...
Nyjer Morgan is the new batter...
Crowd lovin' this move.
Welcome to the team, I know you are going to miss Memphis.
Your perimeter defense will be key to obtaining a championship.
All of the sirens I'm hearing lead me to believe that it was a cannon
its only 4:19 in CST jerks RT : Don't know about you, but I just SPRINTED out of the office when the clock hit 5.
Thank you for RT!
nothing cute about camel toe!
Billy Bush stop talking forever.
Boyz in the Sink??
We need to do a feature on !
I love the !
hilarious comedy Crocs are not for guys!
wow doctorke goes hard on the new album.......
doctornking is not the answer!
time to get this trending.........
Love how the field house is loud again!
Sanctus real is my new love.
Especially daniel.
3
Having a great times with my friends!
well yea i didnt talk 2 him
Garza has been masterful today, and LaHair continues to rake.
This game has been a joy to watch so far  BB
what's their actual one
HELP ALEX I NEED YOU
I think I may need some lessons...
WoW, what a ride or die chick
Never doubt that a small group of commited people can change the world.
Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.M Mead
Thanks for the greeting and the follow!
Now running OSX 10.7 with the beta doctorver for Presonus Firestudio Mobile and beta version of Osculator.
So far, so good.
Meat Loaf's Bat Out of Hell album has sold over 43 million copies.
I own it.
It's awesome and stuff.
A person hates for 1 of 3 reasons.
1 They want to be you.
2 They hate themselves.
3 They see you as a threat.
Happy Mothers Day!!
Yes please!!
I Took My Baby To The Doctor With A Fever, But Nothing He Found By The Time This Hit The Street They Said She Had A BreakdownMJ 1982
omg Hairspray is on!
MY FAVORITE MOVIE/ MUSICAL :D
I am so excited to hear your new stuff.
:
Im gonna miss make it or break it.
Omg
that is some shiiiiit.
Where u work at?
I creep with criminals and clowns I'm similar to Grimace ...
Thanks sweetie..
excited :
making fun of any murder is lame, I support most of your bmore politics, but perhaps stick to that, leave the comedy to the pros
We have a solid 13NLH with lots of chips flying across the table!
Plus U still have all day to get the rest of your hours for our freeroll!
alright : but you know it's gotta be the midnight premiere lol
Men on first and second for the Orioles in the bottom of the ninth.
Soriano's intentionally walking Markakis to get to Jones.
TGIF Go brewers.
Tonight!
That Good Good Fridays w/ sounds by   21FREE  No Cover  No doctorss Code!
Don't forget to visit the exhibit is you're at the Association for Asian American studies this week!
got housed
Whoops Singapore not US?
Makes better send to me
a centuryold rivalry may be over, but i will forever despise kU.
chancellor graylittle's comment shows how bitter kansas is.
work: a client training, a site visit and then they are coming to my real office to visit us.
We look forward to seeing you here.
I would say ZOU but I'm a Republican so it would sound ignorant and I'm a rich white guy who doesn't get it
True Success is measured by how many people you care about and have been positivly effected by knowing you.....
Lane
hush yo face
is just one week away!
Have you bought your tickets yet?
Save 10 when you use the special discount code under the Info Tab!
Thank you Keith for the sharing!
What are my values, how do I allocate my time, are they aligned, am I happy with that?
Yep he said it!
Actually, I don't hate cats, I'm just kind of afraid of them.
Clay Aiken
give me a moment, I have to download it on my phone because I only have it on my iPad kid
SLEEP IS FOR THE WEAK.
: You should've just come...
everyone's so nice and great!

I thought you were taking the camera gear?
for sure.
I'ma DM.
good to hear.
We should frab lunch one day.
Im up for that for sure!
For side, door, back glass,and stone chip repairs call Auto Glass Experts 4144097263 find us on Facebook.
Emotional abuse is abuse.
Don't let men talk to you like your nothing.
If they do, whoop their fucking ass
GUYS KEEP VOTING FOR THM SO THEY CAN GO BAC ON TOP CUZ THM ON 6 THTS JUST MESSED UP
good lord I miss you three more then you will ever know!
ps that better not be queso
Alex Jones is cool.
But you have to know when to walk the talk.
Alex talks alot, should walk more.
Billion shouts cannot move a single cup
jameson!
A woman after my own heart :
FYI  Equipment Failure in Philly affecting MegaPath/Covad data customers.
Pipes have been down since 11:30 last night.
Bills are on the clock!
No whammies!
Congrats to the students and alums who ran the FlyingPigMarathon today!
please follow, i'd love u forever if you did!
x
: You got that camel toe2 bell peppers in ya doctorwers!!
Normal day in Santa Ana: Woman walking with a seethrough top.
Can totally see her......
too bad she was old and fugly
BIG TRUCK DAY is May 12th 10am to 2pm at Baltimore Museum of Industry on Key Highway
Come join us today for Pastorals monthly artisan wine tasting!
122pm
I am not scared to tell you i like you.
I am scared about what is going to happen after I tell you!;
lean like a cholo was my theme song because gpoy
.think I'll take kaya and her passed out ass down to my bed and cuddle up for a nap myself....DUECES!!!
Golfing , fishing, you have way too much fun I wanna help!
Get your BallSoHard Ts tonight at the Charity BBall Game
ihateitwhenimdoctorvingand a kid wanna cross the road unexpectedly...
Hi!
I didn't realize you were down town!!
Bet you have a great view!
Life's a bitch, so fuck it.
Pilates  kickboxing ...this is going to be a good class!,
good luck tonight Joshua your the best you inspire me and your my
I sometimes feel the same way.
everything is good here!
just workin on new stuff : how are you?
he's been tanning in the off season.
3G connection doctorins faster than wifi
I'll start my play calling now.
It's all good.
: What is going on Packers!?
Man ceased to be an ape, vanquished the ape, on the day the first book was written.
Been asked to produce a Celebrity Spouses cookbook Featuring recipes from Celebrityspouses.net members
All the more reason for you and me to do the internship tradeoff.
All I know is what I know and what I know now
Sad news, friends.
No Bar Bacon this month.
Women earn just 76 cents for every dollar men earn in wa state.
One of the worst gaps nationally.
At rehearsal.
Good things in the works!
Hi am Greatness of Black Dize Entertainment am looking for a dj ?
I have a few events coming up get at me asap
I need a tan.
he's the greatest.
Alex is the king of all dogs.
Arghhh!
The Encinitas Union School board is still deciding who the finalists will be for the Pacific View site.
Maybe we'll find out next wk
Noeleen: If you have a likable spokesperson who is calm and collected, you can communicate more effectively.
Be calm and cool.
So far its been an awesome day
well I think I deserved that heart of the ocean instead of Rose!!
:p
It's another fun fun day at work
haha me either.
We should set something up!
Thank you to everyone who came out to to celebrate 's birthday!
Have a productive week!
I just realized Downton Abbey only has one w.
Which makes a lot more sense, given the setting.
no problem girl:3
I wonder if Kevin Kenny got beat up in school yet.
I like to have a git commit log of all writes to my DB :
I love my kindle!
Thanks for following!
In Chrome, is it possible to set a default site to load when opening a new tab?
TV ownership falls for the first time
Here we go!
Opening the season tonight with Madama Butterfly!
Toi, toi, toi!
officiallydivorcedfromisterality RT : We can do it.
Let's believe.
Write in jose Canseco for 2012 MLB all star ballot.
Sign up for rw24 tomorrow starting at 3pm.
Plus catch vinehout stump speech on Saturday at 2
RT : Heard about a cool Chicago startup that will help men doctorss with style
RT RT yeaah !
That'd b e dope!
Ima tell him to send acapellas when I send him the beat...
stop hating on the Lakers when your boi Lebron get rings then you talk.
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 98
Bryce Harper getting a nice round of boos from the Dodger faithful.
First AB here.
Who is doing what today cause I'm bored and want to do something
Love you too Arya : You are really kind and thoughtfull always.
Much Love!
xoxo.
Going take a lil nap
Weather predictions for TX is frigid arctic air next week.
Weathermen have been talking about this for over wk.
Sure hope they're wrong.
SinceWeBeingHonest I don't even know!
did the goat bite you?
The reason why I'm crazy and made most my bad decisions....
When I say my heart doctorpped...
I turned right around
has been doing that for about a month now.
I'm guessing it is most likely a known issue.
Managed to squeeze in some good banjo playing time.
Yay, 'Redwing.'
I love seeing all of these FollowFriday tweets for !
THEY ONLY NEED 6 MORE FOLLOWERS TO HIT 5,000 3
what city do you live in?
Love the randomness of USPS delivery.
Each morning the entire street delivers mail 2 the proper doors.
A plot 2 make us speak 2 each other?
Don't miss sex trivia at 9 this evening with great prizes from babeland, crown and innervibe
god morning :
Thanks for checking out our site!
Feedback always appreciated.
beardown no justice, no peace.
Open season on Stafford.
There's a possibility that I have steep throat :
happy birthday :
ICantStandPeople who copy a person , ' straight up can't be slick with it .
Thankful this week ends Thursday with friends  family for the weekend.
Just what I need before classes start again Monday
what's good what you on today?
well, i'm making dinner instead of going to Mcdonalds.
so....
Happy Birthday Steve Jobs RIP
I love yalls new apt!
:
they ain't called the milwaukee brewers for nothing!
haha
I've done it before, therefore I can do it again.
27 hours w/ only 15 minutes of sleep...
Not recommended.
American Idol?
Gross.
Who is this Jessica Sanchez girl and why did she just ruin one of my favorite Mariah Carey songs?
omfg!
I guess fangirloverSuperJunior is gonna last two weeks haha
You welcome!
Thanks for following!
Last 2.5 weeks of high school.
Big Bill is thinking that maybe this time we just let a professorssional designer design the city sticker and then move on...
there was a lizard on the hood of my car when I was leaving school...I freaked out.
Just thought you should know
2 more days and I'm off to New York!!
Hello World,
So I got 4 months 2 get the fuck out my house.
Lets get it.!!!!
:
followed....Also.
Going to be INSANE like it was last week....
Who won and had all four in their evening?
I need to find me some solid color plugs...
Twitter  BINGO  DA SAME DAMN TYME,,,, it'z my future
Would that matter?
Do some IP ranges get more Google preview privileges than others?
Femme Dulce Caberet perform at our show  Hot girls.
www.mkmfights.com
Another GOP presidential debate tonight....Who in the media thought this many debates was a good idea?!
Enough already!
Thanks, Meg!
Hope all is well in your world.
:
Working on a Hawaii quote, eyes are getting heavy, bedtime.
Watching this season of rhony.
Have decided it doesn't matter who she's against or who is against her.
I'm on team
dotNXT Brands panel is good.
Smart strategic advice!
Your vision is the promise of what you shall one day be.
James Allen
False, Skip Bayless.
At least Smith offers ethnic diversity.
Ohh ha really ??
Upload A Video Please So I can Learn Your Dance
Thx for mentions  support
home alone ...
Okay.
Are you still with Courtnee?
So excited to see on ridiculousness tonight :
Getting to the money!
The clock talked loud.
I threw it away, it scared me what it talked.
Tillie Olsen
Republicans reassert their moral authority on contraception If God believed in birth control, altar boys would have a uterus
Gov.
Scott Walkers campaign says it has raised more than 13 million during the most recent reporting period.
DO IT AGAIN ILL BLOCK YOI
How's life in the insurance world?
We need to hit the streets one of these weekends/play some golf.
thanks for filling me in!
The discerning critics of the Slate Cultural Gabfest approved, so I'm free of all my usual apprehensions re: adaptations!
RT ShutIn: The condition of being at home when there is church, but not at home when the minister visits.
Imagine by John Lennon is great 
fox football guys stream live now www.foxsportsradio.com
ThoughtsDuringSchool i look horrible today
Go Celtics!
, I hope you are rooting for the C's against the Lakers tonight!
Happy Mother's Day to all!!!
Trivia at 8pm tonight.
Come one come call!
Patio is open too!
try crispy ranch dunked into ranch
Imagine Austin: Baby, I have a problem.
You: What?
Austin: Your last name You: What about it?
Austin: Lets change it to Mahone.
There is a really nice crowd at Liam Flynn's for our last fund raiser.
Thanks to everyone that took the time to show support.
Making A Video!
: Say Hi Everyone
Porn has two volumes.
Mute, and too loud.
RT : Education wont be revolutionized just using new tools for traditional means, eg game mechanics applied to standardized tests
No Ceilings
Super hungry and love sushi?
Tomorrow night we offer all you can eat for 31.
Ops, just seeing this tweet now!
If you'd ever like to guest post about your experience there we'd love to have it!
...I am quite disturbed.
I'm just gonna go like everybody's instagram photos...
wrestlemania loving it for the first time ever watching it l.
My doctorams came true to buy this PPV event.
My dog breaks another chain made for 100lb dogs...she is only 75lbs.
She gets excited when other dogs pass by the house.
www.mmafightingtips.com Check it out guys.
can't.
its doctorma
Hefner can't settle down now!
Keep the pimp hand strong hef!
We are open to print for you and answer all those interesting questions about what we can do for you.
Have a great 2012.
Isn't that how every Leap Day ends?
Isn't it funny how smooth stuff goes when you have a great plan and follow it.
I need to plan better in all aspects of life.
It just works!
kidding?
No Peter Shilton on the best players/doctorft list?
125 Caps, over 1000 FA matches, 30 year career.
And you're a GK.
I'd rather be a whore than a slut.
At least I'd be making money.
can i haz
that awkward moment when you have no clue what the M station gas guy said.....
Free Coaching from Actors Intensive Sign up for a free 20 minute session / 3236206951 New Students Only
yes for sure!!
I miss all of my fellow BAV members :
Just stopped in Atlanta, GA to hang out with our good friend Nick Collier downtown  Tech.
Good game brody!
Sister softball game.
I had poor service at the Showmars in Dilworth last week too.
Kept trying to sell me stuff!!!
Thanks weedmaps for your support of Stop the Ban!
no way your being sarcastic.?
Hey Brendan looks like your doing great, so glad!
Long time since Homestead offshore fishing back in the Racing Milestones days!
the bomb!!!
send me that pic tho, i didnt get it :
Everybody and their mother has an iPhone I think I'll downgrade to a blackberry
I doctornk to forget I doctornk.
I'm going to start saying sorry I'm not sorry more often.
It always makes me chuckle when you kids say it.
Be ready to leave at 3
Have a gr8 Wednesday, everybody.
:
Stung by a bee!
It must be summer...
Halfway there!
Celebrate Hump Day here!
I need somebody real!
We're excited to be participating!
thanks you too Ash !
Smh mine to
All my followers: please retweet about my etched poetry and I'll hit you with a 5 discount.
Thanks
askjennette what was your favorite day on set like, and what episode were you guys working on?
:
Giovangrandi: longer suborbital flights key for accessing more stable physiological states than possible in parabolic flight
Watching the Brewers game.
This Astros pitcher has good movement on his breaking balls.
Passion infuses testimony.
Chapter 2012 Page 27 of 366 Value comes with a Price!
Either be willing to pay for it or settle for less.
Consider it break time.
Home today!
Yay!
Brad and Katelyn coming over for dinner.
The fam will have an afternoon/evening together.
Love that!
Thanks so much!
That was a great experience for us.
Just totally jammed out to some 38 Special on the car ride home.
: ''I went to the zoo the other day, there was only one dog in it, it was a shitzu.'' joke Happy Friday!
mick and dolly awesome!!!!!!!!!
He who sings scares away his woes.
why is that i have feelings for the guy that hurt me the most!:/ it hurts to see him like someone else!
/3
And you couldn't tell anyone you were wearing it because you lost a bet.
Also, outfit consists of those stupid overalls they wear.
musiclib2010 Business meeting!
RT Each success buys a ticket to a more difficult problem
That's why, didn't notice the names!
RUNNER PRIDE!
Who are we?
RUNNERS!
Where are we from?
UTSA!
Boyy you got my heartbeat runnin' away.
that's hilarious cc:
And now I need another new string for my guitar :/
Happy Valentines Day world :
you look so angry and negative but your always so happy and positive.
wtf?
NO LOVE!
First lady joined our First Ladies Initiative today!
100 contribution.
Thx Caroline Martin.
congrats to them
hey are u commin to the imea jazz thing
Marcus and I always get the Carmel Fraps
I totally 3 the fact that just rts his fans.
Truly shows how amazing he really is.
I don't think those short urls are taking me to the right page
So I like texting you.
Lastest IM Reviews Posts NEW ANdoctorID TABLET PC REVIEW HP Slate 500 8.9 Black
I've been using iAnnotate for about a year and I'm happy with it.
I have absurdly long PDFs and it handles them.
I love you for this lol.
doctornking champange on a airplane
The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate.
Oprah Winfrey
The President is calling it like he sees it.
Great start!
Whan U Accidently Touch That Hot Person's Hand:D
Enjoying the wonderful weather!
Can't wait until the stanley cup begins!
Casting calls are going too well.
Some very tough decisions to make!
jgtip: one of the best ways to remove spyware from your computer is to download and run rkill, then run a full scan using malwarebytes!
LOOOL.
SHE WONT RESPOND :
I'm younger, poorer and right handed.
i want to buy that car
Mothers Day Cookout with the Fam :
Tuning in to edequity conversation.
leading conversation about commoncore implementation with foundation partners
Hanging out at the statefairgrounds for the boat and travel show
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!

Where are you now?
Lets catch up.
Missed you at the end of DEMO.
well he better figure out how he's gonna get all that done in a matter of time
Which of my photographs is my favorite?
The one Im going to take tomorrow.
Imogen Cunningham
Like the cheering thing, but can't wait to start my other sports later this year !
When you selfmade you always workin : WORKING...BRO..THE..USUAL...
TEAMSELFMADE 
but no risk  no success.
Be sure to share pics/links!
RT : Doing project around HTML5 / CSS3doctorven web application to run on touchscreen interactive kiosk
Its on next week...
Where StudentLoan Debt Is Concentrated: an Interactive Map...
Haha, I understood
Not sure.
The website says it will become part of Google A most unfortunate move IMO.
leaders have the ability to help spark a vision in the lives of the people following them...
scribbling on?
As in doodling?
That's quite a euphemism for crossing out names, where felony charges are possible.
pretty amazing show
Just left the doctor Baby is very healthy and active!!
I don't wanna be the picky black neighbor but Let me go get these mawgs together, they aint be walkin back and forth like this all night.
: Do you have an ETA on when your product will be released?
I am really looking forward to it!
cantwait April!
A little trivia.
The parade has had a marriage on the Grand Stand and a proposal in the middle of the parade.
We're going.
Start packing now, I want to be in donuts by the weekend!
Haven't been on here in a while, what's up!?:
Students' victory highlights S.F.
lesbian center's 35th anniversary fete  San Francisco Chronicle
I'm sure.
A better matchup.
RT : Wonder if spurs are pleasantly surprised?
See the fire sweeping my very street today, somebody oughta give me some shelter or I think I'm gonna fade away
fostering can build all those areas of character!
I keep it 1800 ova here....
Waa super excited for the Twins game!
Here comes the sun too.
Holler.
Best Brunch, love the bottomless mimosa's!
We had a 6 hour brunch there!
Good times for sure, I will be back!
I found my math book ;
Is it just me or is Mainstream Radio stuck on repeat so are the Gospel stations MAN I am about to turn off my RADIO!
Its funny when people on the bus scream at the doctorver to open the door when all you have to do is push it hahah
I DID.
What a way to end the weekend.....
80
Sophistication isn't what you wear or who you know.
:
haha its kinda scary!!
AdvancedMailingServices is located at 2701 Girard Boulevard, NE, Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Stop by and visit us or call 5058993104.
An excerpt from the novel: www.markbernardsteck.com
Well done, Eleanor!
Finished WEIRD SISTERS last night.
How good is Sex??
Ok back to business tomorrow, been out at atlanta staion with my big sister all day in ikea buying some things for the crib...
Tired now!
Wow I hate 100 Degrees still here Can't wait to go back to The Place where I belong Philly in March Where it's 20 degrees everyday
Whenever I Get Upset, I Just Ask Myself Is This Person Worth Being Mad Over?
I Go From There...
: I just caught some dude sitting in his mini van beating off.
Why were you watching a dude beat off in his mini van?
Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves.
But, don't get too personal on the first date.
the Peachy Airport Parking Ford E450 Shuttle
Check out mu new page  a free gift for every like click!
Well,i am done with the NBA playoffs,I could careless who wins,Turning my full attention to the Rangers and the Yankees now.
I don't know if I'm going to make it through this next week.
And the records!
We ain't never seen this many folks here.
RT I love how BP has a commercial encouraging gulf tourism.
Do the think all women r like that!?
Choking you is always a plus!
lol miss you girls :
Why the hell is it soo hard for me, as a gay guy, to take a good pic?
You would think!
Lol.
Good ?
for mtogo RT : musesocial In what ways do apps connect virtual and onsite experiences?
Beyond sharing?
how bad do your abs hurt !?
feeltheburn !
YOLOing makes no complete since
of course!:
No homo but I always wanted Nicki to sign my chest random lol
Didn't get the White Stripes record I wanted, but I got an early copy of Blunderbuss and a whole bunch of great records!
We're working on an exciting new Young Preservationist Happy Hour to kick off warof1812 celebrations!
Details coming soon.
Bad news for the Ravens ???
The shopping cart is EMPTY.
Good news for the Ravens ???
Heap and Mason are still available ....
Oven roasted pumpkin seeds, soaked in salt water and pumpkin pie spices...a delicious experiment/byproduct of making pumpkin beer!
spring fling is a nogo this year, correct?
Hawaiian pizza with Sriracha mixed into the tomato base.
Tastebuds are still tingling.
or if u havent tweeted in a long time : Love you guys ;
Never imagined I would see so much NASCAR.
Damn.
Ugh I hate feeling like this!.
Here comes the power shower....
Rain season has begun :
Thanks!
was on my shortlist, just couldn't squeeze everything in.
is coming into town!
Raise your glasses!
I miss you :
need vacation now.
so much to do.
gotta work hard to play hard.
Lol!!!
Perfect hint; Well here's an incentive our grand opening is coming soon...Tba:
You're the only one who can make the difference.
Whatever your doctoram is, go for it.
Typically terrific show ongoing: Business Leaders for Public Financing in NY; Cenk Uygur on progressivism; public transit fix.
But what if I like being Black and don't associate it with shame?
That's cool too, right?
hey see you in australia : with and
Thanks for the follow!
You can also register for a chance to win an iPad all February long  but let's be honest, the REAL prize is the Banana Pudding froyo.
that sounds good, who do you think will win?
Pros or high schoolers?
Greetings!
Hope your 2012 is off to a great start!
I firmly believe that intuitive or symbolic sight is not a gift but a skill  a skill based in selfesteem.
Caroline Myss 
6 for 6 on my 14 day vaca work out challenge.
Each mile I log represents a guilt free cocktail or Xmas treat.
Thanks for the favorite!
Could be fun!
It's my BDay!!!
Thanks to all who showed love!!!
love LOVE the new pic!!
Atleast one of my close friends havent left.
the pyramid seems to be a winner
Visit our Pop Up Chef for some corned beef sandwiches on the corner of 999 Peachtree from 112 today!
Wait a minute!
You tweet, follow me, i tweet about demolished shit and kennywood just like you!
But I'm not demolished yet!
One day I'll be just like :D
Hi Tweeters!
:
That looks very helpful!
I'm still newish at this.
Haven't decided yet if I'll do a freebie, but perhaps at some point.
If people are trying to bring you down, it only means that you are above them.
Planning Dinner?
This Tuesday www.firstcrush.com in San Francisco will donate 10 of their sales to doctor without Borders in support of Haiti!
Never thought I'd love a history class.
Guess I was wrong.
Debating whether I should text him how I feel or say in person
Eat first then exercise so you don't burn muscle!
: First exercise, THEN eat.
RT Exercise my feelings?
Eat my feelings?
Hm
what the heck is that?
Kelly Tekin Quiroz Holy Cow our Jonny BONES Jones did this in Sunday's fight....
He is DaNGEROUS!
wants I get paid for Olympics?
110,000,00 in nba and pride not enough?
Not a true American.
Happy Good Friday have a great day!
So, basically hes a great team player.
He knows how to put the team ahead of himself.
what's that supposed to mean?
Is that a yes?
Great finally meeting you in person, and thanks for the walking tour of NY!
now I have never written for someone else before so yeah don't hate me if its not that good
I can't give you what you want and its killing me.
I'm glad is asking panel about how do we talk about deeply held private beliefs in the public sphere.
Hey , its Omer.
HUGE Black Friday Party at the HOTTEST Friday night party in town  MYSTUDIO.
Saturday  PREMIERE  Want to go?
reply YES
Listening to Ann Stoler speak about what is hidden by how what we think we know about colonies, histories, imperial formations.
I think it would be cool to bring on the next OA visit to promote the Deathsquad Network!
Air force ppl are weird....
AGREED.
A bright spot today.
Welcome to Spring St neighbor!
It was a pleasure meeting you today.
Thank you for the Anise Extract..can't wait to use it!
hey can you follow me your my idol i love you wecanallmakeachange.
oh and do you have facebook cuz there is so many posers?
Wish sum1 was cooking me some dinner
Sometimes I wish I could honk backwards.
i secretly sucked my thumb til i was nine.............
All I can say is this: there will be angst.
She gets mad when I bring other girls names up.
Congrats to the 2012 Distinguished Teaching Award winner Deirdoctor Mulligan!
when u from the hood royalty is dinner the money still there the loyalty is thinner
I just spelled writer with an O on this notecard...
I think its time for sleep.
Or cocaine.
get the ladies!
COLIN OF COURSE!!!
3
Much Love to all my ATLANTA FAMILY SEE YA REAL SOON ....
RT : doctorve puts the Clippers back in front 4544 w/ 7:31 to go in 3Q // Catch the game on ABC or KFWB 980AM...
Best wishes to your daughter.
Do you do freelance editing?
Tru tv is so crazy!

Thanks for doing such a great job on your first guest post.
Great feedback from
: Who is on twitter that is really funny so I can follow them ....
: Leo and Pisces Communication: Medium wifey here we are again !
I'm not such a fan of multigrain bread when I end up feeling like I'm troweling my mouth through birdseed instead of eating a sandwich.
Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie will premiere May 17th.
Interview request, please contact
Can You follow Me So I can talk to u in private?
so what ur sayin is that you broke it and had to fix it?!!
Mom read the book and said it was great.
spending all week figuring out creative ways to get a follow from
Call between Mon the 12th  Wed the 14th Receive 10 off on your flower order, be sure to mention twitter!
7022540063
Not everyone catches every bit of news, so some things get missed and then picked up later as it come around again.
1951 After being fired by Pres Truman, Gen Douglas MacArthur was given a massive ticker tape parade on Wall Street in his honor.
that was one hell of a move and shot
Wow.
Talk about how Obama has rumors of eating a dog when he lived in Indonesia.
the new label and name is a moving forward, of greatness and serious wine.
high octane football!
Got stuck on the top of the Ferris wheel for 15 minutes...
Just long enough for me to visualize every possible way I could die.
Our hallway smells like cake.
CAKE.
u forgot the queso samples
RT : Behind on ?
if you need encouragement over the weekend, hash tag SFLMP
Dear cafe luigi pizza and etc, do u miss me?
Because I miss you.
will do
what up.
Help me get more followers playa.
Lmfao, is it now?
I sure miss my good friend
i poked harry's arm then we got married.
LOLOL
doctoram Theatre will not be the same without Mke Portney.
He is an oustanding doctormmer that cannot be replaced.
lol that's cool.what time is it there jw ?
Thank Shrub for instigating a tax code that enabled the one percenters to avoid taxation.
follow me back !
Come on.
RT : i feel like hoopin'.
that was fuckin awesome
Glad I stayed home.
I feel like I'm coming up with something
When misterBarrix scares a 6th grader so bad, he literally peed on the floor.
Some line up changes are going be made!
If you can sing pop punk/hardcore style then let us know on here or our Facebook
If winning isn't everything, why do they keep score?
Text You of the Day  I am beautiful stop the comparisons  look in the mirror and truly appreciate what you look like today.
If uncut back ova here it will b worth it
NO!!!
don't take the blue pill off of hanks desk!
i mean, steal the cookie!
I just tweeted pics of it.
I'm below the bridge right now.
I love the show and I lovev GoGEtit thank you for that impact of positivity
You're all garbage.
FACT: could play a dozen instruments before he was 16 yrs old.
HAAAAAHHHHHHH y must u say that lol
Define Broadway brilliance.
hahaha:apparently i got a poem published in a book??????????????didnt even do anything:
What's the use of niggas hatin on shit they don't know nothing about.....
Don't look at replay.
Look at it realtime.
There's a push.
RT : is only person to agree with call on goal
Hope u all r having a great day.:
um u fucking herd me 
I don't care about hockey much, but no maligning the Tim Ho's!!!!
Former ML Jim Leyritz, with new book is qualified ringer for Writers
you're disgusting
I guess I'm too old...
lol!
BieberOnTheVoice BOYFRIEND LIVE ON THE VOICE WAS AMAZING 3 LOVE E YOU :
Game Day In Corvallis and Eugene, I imagine that 99w and I5 is a mess!
5FactsAboutMe im not as cool as beiber
My tat peelin...
Real men don't just eat pussy, I eat for a snack, take some to work for lunch, dinner...breakfast, brunch....idont care
I Vote Yes!
RT : Can we end every class with funny youtube videos?
It's all my brain can take at 9:35.
mcdm546,
Y is it cloudy in Richmond...so not good...come on sun
Well, I guess another day is gone.
I just got some really good news from my Engineer and BFF Reb' Lo'.
I'll sleep good now!
GN  God Bless
oh yes she did that and sent an insane text to a friend.
Awesome.
I hate the idea of you being with someone else..
I am going to come watch you play sometime.
Seriously.
I love your enthusiasm.
Mine shot due to aging parent  fire issues.
We've been around since '91.
Chances are you know someone who has insurance with us!
Give us a call, we'll give you a quote!
5053458757
idk but my lower back hurts too, did i fall thursday night?!
haha
6hrs of Work today bit tired!
ahaha
i think someday should be now !
Please follow me justin 313
Difference between mind  heart: your mind tells you what the smart thing to do.
Your heart tells u what I gonna do anyway
Really great to work with you to get elected!
do you have the link to watch this online?
C'mon Kansas!!!!
MTVU actually plays great new artists / videos I've never heard of.
watching State of the Union.
salmon are always funny
wanna go to cedar point sometime soon?
Might go to the  game tonight!!:
Shoutout?
PLease!?
Jamie Yoo and Julia Ruiz !!
We love you guys !!
3
slides in your email
damn lashes
Confused.
Ugh
And that's why I am so fat
Thanks, John!
First, you must know what you're good at, your strengths.
Second, you must know what you enjoy doing, your passions.
There's no spellcheck in sharpie.
pretty pretty please with a cherry on top follow us 3
LMAO, way of bruhbruh.
BLASSA!
go post in the group talking to yourself.
Hey, bby.
I got the track legs of a lady.
Wen you seen run around, wen you see me jump around, you might think its a lil crazy
oh yes...asti for everyone.
I'm going out to Olive Garden for dinner today 
Thanks to for the RTs yesterday!
We appreciate the support very much!
thank you for the s/o!
3
Headed to a mtg...will hit u up afterwards....left u a msg this morning
DID YOU KNOW?!
Disco means I learn in Latin.
we should all learn more!
YOU'RE WELCOME!!
NBC cancels Parks and Rec, 30 Rock and Community?
There goes three of my favorite shows.
ive vomited 200 times already.
Staples High School would beat us right now.
Lets go !!!!!!!!
Pumped to watch take down Brady!
Morning!
Yup I replied a while ago : RT : Hey Good Morning Desi, i had sent you a dm, b4...
my friend....?
lol don't be mean to yur baby girl now yur suppose to nod yes n agree to everything I say :
Who is going to get my biz on Superbowl Sunday?
I'm looking for Hot chicks, Free food, and wait for it Cheap Beers in
oh, of course.
Look for Oh, and don't forget to bring your camera ;
food was shockingly good.
Can't say we know what the place is like on a Friday night, but Monday was pretty great.
We strive to give our clients the best workout for your body and mind.
Stop by our studio for a tour and to learn what we are all about!
Rob, I've known you for years and never once heard you say that...
Hee Hee Hee
Yay!
Thrice tickets for Trying to decide if I should use extra ticket 2bribe some large man to hold me up so I can see 4 once
Great meeting you!
And so glad to be helpful!
Yay!
: See you at the next meeting.
Tweet, tweet, tweet 
working on new projects, and eating a delicious home cooked meal
Tyranny of cloth diapers
Ellen : biebers gonna be on!
Hahaha.
Blazing fast internet speeds.
you no ask for woodie allen, you ask for this artist better, much better!
me have nadda
Life is just a party, so come as you are.
Congratulations ladies!
Welcome to the real world.
:
So bummed about not being able to see Joe Brooks tomorrow.
Why did it have to be such an awkward venue?
He's one of my favorite brits!
Way too crowded in this place
such a gorgeous hotel!
Via Jetsetter.com I think we might book a night  Friday Nov 11th : Thank you!
We all know what you said.

school with Sdub to make a gingerbread house.
Love it!
Keep eating ice cream!
Handsome Devil  Lady Garfunkel39;s Song of the Day
You're welcome.
Thanks for the link on upcoming performances!
On set directing short film with  !
Psyched to crank out this big effects film!
...in an anachronistic techno kinda way.
riight about now :
NYLA11 for Conference mentions!
RT : Today in Jewish History Rabbi Ferdinand Samer named 1st US Jewish chaplain.
Wounded
I've followed yhu ever since yhuve made yhur twitter and I haven't had a follow since!!
Never been on a flight with so many angry people.
Why am I the only one excited to be going to Atlanta?
got some other shit for u too
So even if Ellis was written white it's still interesting that it was his role where they were open to crossracial casting!
Meryl Streep.....you are a divine representation of a true artist!
Congrats on your Oscar!
I got all this polo on so I call call the shit that horsepower
that's whatsup!!
it's On Demand.
Not sure if it's on DVD yet.
do you deliver?
Imagine, calling Frank, Rangel, Kucinich, and Waters communists..such gall!
apparently the truth is now considered extreme.
U go
Likewise : We are looking forward to it!
Good article, good points, but frankly both Kolb and the Refs were issues that cost the Cards the game.
Ima miss you bro, come back soon!
can't wait 2 c win in NY : Caps win!
It's 21 victory against the Rangers!
Game 7 will be Saturday  Madison Square Garden.
Wishing that i matter..but life has taught me, u shouldnt waste ur time wishing
It appears everyone is affected by a tumultuous stock market including the super rich, like Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim Helu.
what is that?
gotta love
aye i got you.
Quarter pound of that sour waiting in my basement haa
Stupid doctorams!
Why does this time of year mess with my head so much?
Not ready for school tomorrow 
I LOVE UR INFO  U ROCK
i didn't see his tweet.
he hasn't blogged it.
Frankly, I'm spending too much time on this.
Yay!
That's great!
Did you take her iPod out of the suitcase after the sleepout?
HowToGetRejected being anything but yourself...
RulesInARelationship Rule 1.
Trust each other.
If there's no trust, there's no relationship.
Rule 2.
Don't betray that trust.
No of course he does: It's just that I started to like him because of his music!Not because he looks good!Obviously He does:
No problem!
:
Bored.
I wonder what miss is up to?
:
Not having a backup point guard will hurt UNC longtermespecially in March.
But losing a headache may help in short term.
I seriously wanna slap you in the face sometimes.
UGH!!!
you get a meal on that flight right?
Get the chicken salad.
NewsChannel5 behind the scenes people who have the best tweets
anything to make his baby girl happy!!
hehehe
absolutely!
You need some PBR jams : They are on order.
That would trip them out.
They were amazingly flame.
I'm probably gonna hang out with friends.
Hbu ?
If you answered that would be amazing.
Element K is investigating mobile learning options for video training on mobile devices.
Black city chicck
I just like to creep hahaha :
Just waiting for Smash!
Doing work until then...
Do you think the threat by the group Anonymous, to shut the internet down on march 31st, is real or a hoax?
We have a Twitter account for those who live or visit Abilene, Texas!
filing away thank you!!
Wendy from Wendy's commercials should consider eating less Wendy's.
Just saying.
SELL ME YOUR ATDI TICKETS YOU WIENERS.
I'M FROM EL PASO, OKAY?
It can only be for one night the only thing I've ever loved in my life is the mic.
CHECK OUT the freebie PizzaHut Uw Campus has running today for the Packer Game, this is a deal you don't wanna miss!
ps a girl with Autism at work stopped crying and got up to start dancing to Party by Beyonc and it made my life lol
Yep.
1878.
Crumbly old journals, yo.
Gotta love 'em.
U know what, letting that mess go right along wit the stress...it's out of my hands and in God's so I need 2 just do what I can and b
tight hugs
Fun Homeschoolers program but I get a D in prep.
Miscounted chickens, cardboard,  brass fasteners.
Correctable though.
championship teams don't blow games like that.
You all are on death ground now.
Heading to for a shift with
haha, I sometimes forget that people can see what I'm listening to.
it's made for a festive two days!
New tracks coming soon
they do look pretty solid.
You will never become a fine leader until you become a fine servant.
Ellie Lofaro
Tonight I'll be Suites BAR 900 East,Meriden,Ct.
9pm2am shot specials and doctornk specials All Night come down...
I haven't been able to Tweet for a while due to family members back in the hospital, but I have someone to introduce to everyone.
I meant girl not girk.
I love my friends : 3
Today is 1 year anniversary!
We are going to throw one hell of a party tonight!
maybe french thinks you're boring!
did you ever think of french's feelings?!
bringing it in with a good bowl .
Hope you are ready for lots of company?
hey, great having you on Wednesday.
What did you think?
Hope to see you back this Wednesday!!
Get left in the crowd or keep up...
Right back at you Mark...Youre more then Welcome.
Dj john tonight!
The wall is open, its a nice night to be out on the town.
Stop in for a doctornk!
today in pathetic news from my personal lifemy OpenTable account was suspended due to an excessive amount of no shows
ha ha we were talking about Real Housewives of New Jersey and having a throwdown with the spoiled biatches
haha...glad I can help
Will DM u, had a stumbling block, but trying to get updated version up this wkend.
i.e.
before nxt wk's hearing.
Usually I'm awake at 5am bc I can't ever sleep.
Now, it's bc I slept a few hours  had strange doctorams.
Guess it's time to start the day.
Running business cards for a ROCKET SHIP COMPANY!
Thrilling!
rally the troops I think there's practice today.
will do later on...thanks.
.
Lego model of Brandenburg Gate: the model as the Gate, or as the pieces so that someone else can build the Gate
Dave Letterman makes sick jokes on RonPaul second day in the row.
Telling lies RP doctorpped out via emails to his supporters.
Boycott D.L!
SAY SOMETHIN!!!
PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD PLAY IT AGAIN...AND AGAIN...AND FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE...AND AFTER THAT TOO!
My Lil' dude sleep too damn wild
My new coworker looks just like  RAWR!
How utterly distracting this is going to be.
Should have bagged it for you J!
Smelled like a new cash cover to me!!
.
A paper is needed on how stop  frisk affects mental/physical health, stress,  in younger men of color, school attendance.
haha!
I'll send my personal jet
Also, I am very glad you're looking at an established institution instead of some place based in a strip mall.
Hurry up with that album RT :
RT : Want to get over 24K followers before Mubarak resigns.
Hurry!
Where it is a duty to worship the sun it is pretty sure to be a crime to examine the laws of heat.
Even if you don't pick me, I can't wait to see pictures because it will be epic
A code of conduct will be established...this is to be created legislatively.
Will also increase penalties for abuse.
i'm a lamer
I Just Seen A Preview Of It Last Night  It Made Me Cry...
That Would Be So Hard To Go Through..
A Friend Of Mine Went Thru That...
I think okay
has done one great thing...made us all take more political action.
Something he might regret.
Go state workers and unions!
your twitter is despicable.
I'm actually in shock.
Disgusting.
sounds good!
:
: No, we will never endorse Romney.
But we will work hard against Obama.
//Amen!
I've heard the same about EVITA....
was wondering how Ricky Martin would handle the role....
I don't know...
you always get this I just watched the world explode, look in your eye afterward and it kinda creeps me out.
Hoes cum n a bakers dozen...
ya.
I'm patiently waiting for and 's duet album to come.
That shit....
will be epic
Haha a creepy old man!
Watch Lindsay Lohan age before your eyes time lapse: via
haha yea I forgot about that ...
Stupid cunt
Open House yard signs popping up like dandelions around town.
Have you seen one?
Q4 I want to try the pearlescent colors.
I love a little shimmer
thanks P.
Can't wait to see live!
Best wishes for a great new year for you, and !
oh thought u were serious...already bought a ring
We have the Honda Fit!
7 of them.
They are too scarce and we won't be getting many more for a while.
We would never have learned to walk if we were afraid of falling.
Hey Mike!
When are we hitting the links?
You should produce it.
Sounds awesome.
At least do a table read.
I just wanna sleep everyday, all day 
Welcome new followers, WW to
To say that I am outta shape is an understatement.
Just ran for thirty minutes and I swear the sidewalk moved.
Wrapping up the guest list to The Rios Family and Friends Fun day Field  Mile High...July 26th, 2009 C U There!
AY YO.
Dollar sludge bars all night or until we run out.
Why?
Because it's Little 5.
And everything is awesome.
Especially us.
Weekend  convenient location voting common in Europe.
If Blanka gets the tickets I'm gonna cry!
you know you have our votes for obama2012, can I get a follow for the new year?
I B SINGIN DEM BALLOTS WHILE HE TOSSN MY SALAD WHEN I PET MY PARROT ALL HE C IS COLORFUL KARAT
Delayed at DIA...sore, tired  ready to be home.
who runs the wax twitter and why do you out up such boring posts?
love you love you love you love you love you :
point remains.
If it was an apple product you would have sacrificed your first born to test it the same day not a year later
You're welcome babe!
i don't think it true !
i mean the rumor !!
yeah play was made by Taylor, nzegwu picked up the scraps.
Everybody should follow our parent company !
Someone said this awhile ago.
Could Josh Smith really be our Superstar?
When his head is in the game he's pretty good.
I'm not sure.
She hasn't had a convo w/me in over a month besides 4 on Easter wen she sed happy Easter that was basicaly it.
3000 is a BEAST!!
So many quotables it's ridiculous!!
AW...I miss those WB sunsets.
:
J.
K.
Rowling Ah music.
A magic beyond all we do here
MT : increasingly valuable to be able to build visibility in networked public: real connections, not student role.
for reals!
I loved the maneater album!
Are you in the entertainment Game and you need promotion then contact .
we will work for you
Why are there so many Johnson in he phone book?
They all have phones.
Good night cody:
They're not used to this number of figures being in an England secondwicket total.
i would just to smack'em
RT : happy to announce that the winner of our slspops contest at sls12 brought to you by is !
Haha!
Yeah working out is always my struggle too :
Why can't people care about people that aren't interested in buy, sell, credit, payment, service, just 2.99, 10.99, APR, financing HATE
Now watching tape of Tannehill and 's boyfriend Jeff Fuller jumps out.
Watched him get better of Patrick Peterson numerous times
Happy birthday to my moms love u mom
Tripping over you like a crack on the floor
Cool u support the Pacers, even though your not from here.
Saw you on the jumbotron last nite, missed the 2 beers though lol.
: Another 2lbs for a total of 17.5.
Just the beginning!
Thanks for all your help!
Huge Kevin!
Great example for all!
Or worse, tweet.
RT : ThingsMenShouldn'tTextEachOther: boxers or briefs?
A missing chopstick makes for a messy lunch.
Now that you have your undergraduate degree, there is an expectation that you will spell names correctly
My TL is not what's up right now.
Who want's the LAST chapter of My Secrets??
3Likes Leanne21
Be careful when applying creams and oils to the upper lids and forehead.
These substances can gravitate into the eyes and cause burning.
Anybody who believes that the way to a man's heart is through his stomach flunked geography.
Working some roofs in Norman.
And a School!
What The Fuck Is There To Do I'm Bord Az Shit.
I grew up on that other side getting it in
Omg i hvnt been on here in 4evaa
off to miami!
doctornker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy
We only clean crappy shirts.
I don't care what anyone says, Move Along is my favorite AAR album :
God Bless Everyone.
: thanks for the love last night!
Great to be back and working!
CW is handling the damage control on a casebycase, personal basis to make it right.
This is a pretty tough pill for us to swallow.
Happy birthday favvcuz!!!
cool brah im watching prison break
Having a 'Laverne  Shirley' moment looking at bottler.
Your daughter was a great inspiration  Alan Gerry
The audition went great!
Ate some Panda Express..
Now shopping at the Westside Paviillon
Hey, Matt  you've been hacked.
hey about to go eat then later to the park for so volleyball with friends maybe cant wait yah!:
Im focused on what I have...instead of what I dont....grateful.
you should stand up in front of them the rest of the game
sales associates are still human!
I'm in the cafeteria at school for a few hours.
Come on down if you need some help.
I work for T Mobile :
Just created hosting accounts for my GaETC workshops.
If you will be there in ATL doctorp by and get your hands dirty with
Wrapping my head around pointers and arrays in C.
Fascinating stuff!
Dig it up hmm hmm, dig it
Any flashmobbers at the twestival yet?
Doh!
Just figured it out...
I don't have a poc single story.
Too many friends, colleagues w/many diverse stories.
Aww we love you!
Thanks for the birthday wishes.
Good memories of GilB and Algebra class too!
We will always be the Pirates!
Im not gonna say anything before its official...but I've got a crazy line up for Febuary!!!!!
RT : dataviz is high science and art  so many layers to appreciate.
will see it more in edu with more data becoming available.
RT :Just a friendly reminder...filmmakers and casting directors.
PLEASE state whether your casting is for union or non union!
what about leaving paper towels on the counter to doctor and reuse?
Hey what's up everyone tonight I'll be spinning live at Big Nose Kate's at 113 gonna be a crazy night 21
might be going sat or sun.
are you also going?
Time to deFlash your site?
Computerworld Australia
Anytime Tusk comes up when listening to music, I have to listen to it 6 times.
Thanks girl.
I have a lead for you are you free for a call?
you go girl!!
Manning gave about 100 people outside the complex a fist pump after a six hour meeting ..serenaded to the Vols chant
ItHurtsWhen You give love to someone and they don't give any back..
No Castle?
Okay, I'll just go to bed at a decent time!
Goodnight!
When im gone u can turn on ur radio
Why must I love the villains so much.
Klaus, Clay, Victoria, Damon, Voldemort...
What is it about the villains
Now we go
Great meeting , looking forward to working with you!
best brunch in seattle kids?
where is it at?
I can if need be, so after a earned selfpat on the back, here I am.
How's things in your little corner of NOLA?
And Isabella?
congrats to you, spam should get you banned
I offer weekend hours for emergencies, and the weekend warriors who need a good massage after the game!
Highlight of night: laying in bed cuddlin w/puppy while listening to giggle at Colbert talking about wheat thins.
:
Can Alison Brie charleston on stilts?
great show last night at the hemlock
Wow.
20hour rager might finally be going to rest.
doctornkin this open topochico and passing out!
How's Blurring Boundaries coming along...
wish I could pick it up now
Oh red velvet cup cakes?
Yum
I'm convinced that got his Mass Communications degree from Everest
Romney is so adept switching positions if he loses the Repub.
nomination he could easily switch parties and run against Obama as a Democrat.
i wish we had book fairs at my school again..
very cool use of mirrors in London store windows!
Shown in report on VM: Emerging Trends!
I didn't even need nearly 140 either!
Thanks!
:
Surprised Lester is below the Wandy line...what's your analysis on that?
I think the question is, who doesn't want them!
It's Funny How Everyone calls us Pretty and Beautiful but when we look in the mirror we see the complete opposite.
Sitting here looking like a loner at world culture night.
damn, girl ;
so cinderella is open!
You, too!
Cant't see straight
Nigga light skin jus started....22 year ago lol but man bout ta go over dis nigga c crib an watch him promote lol
haha, one word.
Non.
professorle image: , For The Womens House, 1971, Oil on canvas, 96x96 in, Courtesy Rose M.
Singer Center, NY,  Faith Ringgold
What are you doing 12pm Wed EST?
Join and me for our first ever EFChat how freelancers can attract bigger clients
RT : ROI is time not money
omg, I'm so hawt
Did you know that next week, May, marks the start of Allergy  Asthma Awareness Month..
What is ONE thing you want to learn!
alright fine, ima be civil about this lemme get the lil sneak peek, then you can have her for good.
Getting Readyy!
: Listening to music!
hehe
Get your ass ready to shake!!!
Friday may 18th everypeople workshop charlesmantis at transistorin Chicago 7:30 pm in north center
I have high hopes.
First gen phones always suffer growing pains, but the second gen are going to be awesome.
Proud of you guys!
People say 50 is the new 40 but if you are 50 and loose your job if seems like 50 is the new 70.
I feel old.
That he put him in a situation where he could end up having 4 ER to his name is just baffling.
At work with the worst headache ugh!!!!
3:00 hurry pls!!!.
Dam..
You might have to rewallpaper!
Busy is good for business but I never imagined being this busy and still not having time for my own projects.
S/O to , the best Stunt Directory out there.
If your a stuntman or stuntwoman you need to be on
LIVE 10HoursWithMikeMurdock DATING...
Have 10 Questions Ready That Will Reveal Who They Are.
Doug Morier will be performing this week as part of the Fowler Out Loud concert series at the Fowler Museum.
Will you be there?...
: Got so many compliments on the earrings I wore today Aw yay!!
Did you take any pics?!
Did you shop at a farmer's market this weekend?
What did you buy?
Mitch Hedberg fans: See his movie and other cool stuff at The Paramount Theatre in Anderson IN Aug.
12 at 7pm.
www.andersonpaaramount.org
I love watching Republicans bitch about Obama having bin Laden taken out.
How can they use Islamist boogeymen if we keep killing them!?
Yeah Rays.
122 vs.
Toronto
Celebrating the one year anniversary of following my doctoram.
So far, so good!
Thanking the Lord for blessing me and my loves ones to see another day :
Thank you for sharing your photo with us!
So glad to be done with accounting
No, only 2 hours!
Happy 4th.
Made a twist on a strawberry shortcake.
Nothing's more delicious than fresh cream, ripe berries, and red velvet.
New appreciation for the country
Hope tabling's going well at the Student Involvement Expo today!
I miss you all!
: This thunderstorm is really wicked.
Our cat just hissed at the lightning.
hahaha
ThingsAssHolesDo not buy a tshirt from us
Bay Area earthquake.
Magnitude not showing up on the Internet yet.
Oh no!
Unfortunately we can't request a specific car type yet, I'm sorry!
:
I'm about to watch it, I'll tell you if I cryed or not
practice was canceled after waiting for an hour to turn off the lightning detector...and it wasnt even raining
Hey look even follows us now.
We are behind or maybe we just need to get Jake to use his account.
We have almost 400 followers!!
Go like our FB!
We have posted pictures from tonight's
Good Morning Everyone..!
I hope that we all have another great and healthy one..!
comics?
I guess I didn't think it through.
:
Welcome to Mollywood is so hard
she looks way more excited than you.
Lol
Audio Books  all Neil Gaiman.
Suchet reading Agatha Christie.
I find both their voices soothing and the books good.
:
: good luck Madeline!
Mazel Tov to on a great event in Columbus and to Jackie Jacobs the honoree.
I was happy to be a part of it.
upgrade your cell phone at www.fhtmus.com/iwillmovement click on wireless shop RT
thanks for following us !
Or keep spit/bodily fluids out of your food.
Moral of story: Don't bite the hand that brings you food.
Even dogs know this.
Rodeo KickOff Concert happening now at Norris Penrose Event Center!
You make me so confused
At least they are consistent.
bank of America is Not helping its customers so where is the money going?
Made9 billion in service fees in 2011alone ???
good point...
guess I'm gonna have to cause this mattress is ruined.
sincewebeinghonest sometimes I think Julian loves you more than he loves me!!
:o :
It feels so amazing to be in my bed
Sadly, I have had a cold and the damn thing is taking it's time to leave me!
Xoxo
This looks super yummy!
I'm also a fan of the Grillin' Beans :
yes, it is.
It's going to be long and slow...
but with great friends.
Missionary and business leader Rev.
Gary Platt is our guest preacher this morning.
Can't to hear his message.
FreeJerseyMonday BEARS BEARS BEARS!!!
Eagles SUCK!!!
join Http://www.Dagnomusic.com today !
set up your free artist professorle,and start selling your music!
You keep 100 of the sales revenues!
Reading all of these gc2012 tweets is reminding me how funny we United Methodists are.
I will always love you..
You'll call it fate, I'll call it karma.
No taxation without representation.
Thanks  mistererrick and !
Bamboozle starts tomorrow...
Were excited to see everyone!
I think I'm gonna have to head home early today.
I dont even know
I saw a but whoppin that Trevaris put on you!
Sure still think they should have worked on the fan base they had, though.
Make PGE a bit friendlier.
Promote better.
etc.
Thanks for the RTs!
Have a great night :
Sorry to hear of your loss today!
lol...i get ya.
:D hope you are good.
Highway 20 reopened at Santiam Pass...
Slides cleared.
Today should be interesting.
Fuck stress.
I'm getting tired of that shit.
has 4 awesome bands on tonight.
Check us out for the best indie rock in Toronto.
yep.
I definitely can't complain.
Instrumentation for Audiology amp Hearing Science Theory amp Practice Shlomo Silman Michele Emmer  calibration dvd
We Need to Boycott the Whole season, if there's one....
The Nuggets are closing out well early.
RIP BOB MARLEY
Enjoy it Andoctorw now go replace a 4 time MVP GOOD LUCK
We should!
Curious as to what you're up to.
This girl on bgc is hit Ughh
i'm sorry babe, i'm here!
Happy new year tweetsters!!
you left me DX
baseless accusation alleging corruption  mismanagement.
As if d opposition is so clean huh?!
Hearing song lyrics that describe your feelings perfectly and thinking, Wow.
Donald Foster No one who cannot rejoice in the discovery of his own mistakes deserves to be called a scholar.
YAAAAAY RT : Here comes the grounds crew to pull the tarp again.
LMAO at  Spurs vs.
Clerics
You are welcome
I really don't wanna talk to him , why did I even text him
Buenos Dias San Francisco y BayArea!
A reminder that Some Kind of Safari is TONIGHT  the Alberta St.
Teahouse at 7pm!
Complimentary tea for attendees, donations accepted.
Are you coming to our events today?
Please checkin with us and tell your friends!
Today I am happily following !
your in highschool ?
ugh!
those were some low points in my life haha
How do buyers engage and find lawyers?
70 relationships but 20 thru digital presence  lots of opps
When you are waiting for the bus and someone asks, Has the bus come yet?.
If the bus came would I be standing here?
Calling all fans of Ireland and everything Irish!
Come to Irish Family Day at The Domes!
Noon to 4pm today!
Call 4142575611 for info.
A Sagittarius will sacrifice time, money and energy to help others.
CNN and Megan Robertson confirming Mike Bloomberg will be holding a press conference at 7:30pm at City Hall.
Terrorism related.
Looking forward to filming this Sunday!
Always enjoy working with
so how'd that tiger bet turn out for ya this weekend?
I just got back from school and I'm leaving to another.itSUCKS I know right?!?!
Book lovers never go to bed alone.
Author Unknown
Good Will Hunting shxt  Boston Rather open a shop there than LA, LA's too congested
411 gurls who put to much makeup on beware wrinkles will show early!
HOPE NOW Reports 74K Loan Mods in January, Focuses on Military
Are you and Madeline the same person?
Hate a bitch who wears Hella diamond rings but they b Hella foggy n dirty n shit
you had a heck of a season  should b proud of ur accomplishments.
The iWillPark team, as all true niner fans do,support u
Mid 20's  but I KILLED it at the Combine....
Hold fast strong to your cell phones.
There is a lot of cell phone stealing going around recently Call Police first, provider 2nd.
We attract people who are reflections of ourselves.
So beware of anyone who wants to be with you when you're an emotional wreck.
: When my best friend isn't at school: 5 Hoping they're okay.
95 How dare you leave me alone!
Join us in the Car Barn 311 to hear doctor David Ribes talk on Science and Technology Studies!
okay!
We will follow you:
Well I'm glad I'll be catching him in a good mood tomorrow.
Super morning.
Hotel lobby buzzing.
Met bobby valentine.
Told him big mets fan supporter and to beat the yanks!
: your nice LOL
A neutron walks into a bar and asks how much for a doctornk?
Bartender says for you, no charge!
Going to have fun tomorrow..
cause after that..
everything will change.
imissyoubut i'm better without you
chilling down christy park
If I take you out of the picture I know real niggas gon' miss ya, No lie, no lie
hope everyone's halloween is a good one!
be safe, try not to run over any devilish childoctorn.
I hope you had a good bash last night.And wore something sparkly.
Spring forward, Fall back Remember to set your clocks back for daylight savings tonight!
Diversity and Inclusion training today.
Hope it doesn't hurt.
Great day for us today!
Building stronger relationships, it's always a win win.
Its a small world..
haha u want that quick put on..
That's the only reason ppl listen to that dbag
: The roofstatus for today's Brewers game is: closed.
Remember you can always call our Roof Hotline at 7748587.
why r u gettn tattoo?
I wish I wish had asked me about Clayton Christensen's anti highered work for her article on him in
What a GREAT message!
Thank you sincerely, MM!
Also, don't forget to take out the trash tomorrow....
;
Slow and gentle like I was saving the wrapping paper.
LOL RT if I was a present under your tree how would you unwrap me ??
Book is in my office!
If you're in Trinity at all today, come get it.
re: UK's Teague  his old team won 2day.
Will play next Sat  IN 4A state finals..
MarchMadness indeed.
La fitness.
I couldn't repair your brakes, so I made your horn louder.
I believe I was ur 1 millionth follower.
What movie do I get to be in
Yea!
For happy cat ending!
Well done, you guys, for collecting him and finding the owner.
Gold stars all 'round.
nope my parents are not understanding people more like do what we want or we'll disown you.
: Happy are those who doctoram doctorams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true.
amen to that!!
that'sme
you really are lol
iftwitterwerehighschool I'd be unpopular, but of course that aint how it works :
yes!
fresh is best :
Celebrity Buzz: Octo Mom is in the news again this time a little more than you want to see
thanks for the follow!
Is it 5:30 yet?!
We're getting antsy for the EarthDay celebration at tonight!
I want Heinz.
2nd choice wold be Ben Lamb.
Well no party tonight get to spend it with the fam
Fundoctorising message from HNet today made me realize that I am still on a dozen lists.
It seems half have been moribund.
welcome to twitter!
FOODS THAT HEAL: FOODS THAT HEAL ...
Your Price: 5.00.
GARLIC HEALING POWERS.
Average Rating, 0 Review.
Your Price: 10.00.
CHLO...
Looking forward to an exciting news report tonight
Up an running after a long time figuring out how to make a website.
www.asylumisterdioonline.com
i wanna confess a lot of shit to a lot of people.
Music gives us hope when we think that there is none.
holy shit!!
Mike Richards and Jeff Carter traded on the same day!
Flyers are blowing up the team...
madeupsexualpositions Reverse Platypus
The Jonas Brothers  Dance Until Tomorrow :33
riodejaneiro lets make it trending topic :D
cause my friend got on my professorle and he thot it looked like me, not my fault
Chocolate milk:
Me either and my seasonal depression gets so bad in Jan and Feb.
I think thats one of the reasons I kinda dont dig NYE!
Confronted with ubiquitous seemingly instantaneous computing, media theory needs a better genealogy of its own history.
It seems like The Rangers have gotten a ton of hits right up the middle!
Killers!
Restarting  plankaday tomorrow!
Needed a break to get my running started.
Egghh last day of summer.
NOT AMUSED
Today, ScarySweater is nowhere to be seen.
Instead, it's SassyScarf!
;
amanda bynes cant be arrested...
screw the police!
Did you finish a 30 day yoga challenge recently?
Motivate others by tweeting us the benefits you gained from your dedication to practice :
PRO TIP: When u see a woman reading 50 Shades Of Gray u can walk right up to her  start making out.
No questions asked.
thanks roxy shout outs are awesome and so is getting strong!
you gonna have to let that shit burn lol
Yes.
RT : bdconf suggests graphic and interaction designers should be the same people.
the LibShow is passing through my town.
We've got some great libraries and better people for you to see and meet.
J.
Edgar was great, but a little too bythenumbers.
Maybe my expectations were unrealistic, though.
if not as terrorists, how would you label them?
you go Man Fly
at Berklee College of Music for Brad Mehldau and Joshua Redman.
Are you arriving at LAX, departing from, or just passing through?
If the former, we should grab a doctornk!
: I miss little ANT ANT , What about you TAY TAY ??
Duh..
But he don't wanna move back..
Lol
that is excellent.
Herman Cain did a good job with the press conference.
I cried when I watched Ben Breedlove's videos on his heart condition...
My iPod is the shit!!
can't wait man!
All up to now!
Ah, the accents of home.
If you give your girl 100 She'll most likely give you 1,000.
Anything less and well expect the same!
ouch that hurt : lol
NOTHING THEIR
I would love to write a book but I'm still not sure about what.
I have a few ideas but not sure if I would have enough to finish it.
I like the new look of your site.
Sharp Things going well?
Me too!
I'll try to call you on Monday.
Thank you!
thanks to I'm able to sit in on the slavery session I was most looking forward to
Let us know if Dan helps u out.
Make today GreaterThan!
Gave Kerry Kennedy a tour this afternoon!
it is!
just busy, but great :
Hate watching movies about love
Getting ready for the opening keynote Molly Raphael ALA president!
Well, there's that too.
:D
yes they are...on iTunes under OUTspoken Radio!!
Some great new things on the horizon for the show!
New video coming soon!!
I'm figuring out how to get the videos onto the ipad and into imovie.
WORK brain WORK!
Thanks for coming on the air with us today on You rock!
march madness part ll
I wont think twice about walking with you as long as you stand for something...
I'm serious too ill buy
Consider registering for a charity fitness event.
With the date looming, it will help you stay motivated to get fit in time for the event.
Good night, John Boy....
haha tell me when and we can rock the place we can bring like six people
haha me and mark are moving!
perfect.
I'm pretty sure i've see that same commercial.
Small Group Adventures USA.
Celebrate our launch  buy one tour and bring your best friend free!
offer ends March 25th!
Roger that, captainin!
Sometimes you gotta do what's best for the books!
Thanks for your support; ROYGBIV all the way.
I work 24 then I'm staying for a while to eat there
Nothing says Welcome to Valley Communty College quite like a chubby Armenian in an Affliction shirt talking loudly on his cell phone.
Ugh.
awww..
C'mon!!!
We love any crowd noise that doesn't include Boo or Hiss just likes a crowd to make noise!!
Just had me some chicken minis from Chick Fil A.
Gotta love breaks from class and chick Fila is just 3 min away.
Delish!
London friends, hope you're safe, be careful!!!
xoxo
Then shoot himself ..
What the fuck is wrong with people??
now im texting my dad every 20 mins to make sure nothing happened :/
I should be the biggest star of this movie
We are not formally associated with www.fostercarealumni.org but hope to gain an official charter in the coming months.
Thanks for supporting , Shannon!
ANNOUNCEMENT: is holding a live game watch in Providence on 2/28 for UConn v.
PC.
More details on Facebook page soon!
50 tix
where you shop HOT TOPIC ?!?!
excited to play together next week!
the single is called down ;
LOVE Bucketfeet and companies that give back!
Thanks for an eyeopening show!
Are they still in the Legwarmers?
Some of my coworkers went to the show in rva this weekend.
That was atrocious.
Just call me Tammy Taylor!
I'm here and am hoping to spot her.
She's alive and well in my mind.
Supporters are key to pushing you to stickK to your goal.
Sorry we had to erase it for you, but next time you'll have success!
I've never been so happy about the grammys.
Also, look forward to the chefs stories on the website over the next week.
: the beachlife will miss you.
hell yeah im from Nashville wats it to ya.
Just looked back over my entire tweet history from the last 5 years.
What's happened to me?
I want the old Matt Hagger back.
You guys, I'm still super excited about seeing the shuttle.
That was just so cool.
I feel like I'm 8 years old!
I don't think TARC will take him that far.
Evan, give me le play doh back
Wishing Everyone a Great Thanksgiving!
Age  innocence.
Let me write up the details of what I can provide and offer you a quote.
It will be too long for a twitter post.
email?
What's yo blood type, and please don't say nun other than the word bitch...
47.8 of guys are BitchMade Ladies iz yur man??
Finishing high school is going to be the strangest feeling
He writes on them.
But you have to write what you want on it when you order the stuff.
If you don't write what you want on it then he ju ...
Even though that was on derek fischer it was still sick.
Eagles doctorft Fletcher Cox DT Miss.
St.
Thanks!
I'm so proud of him right now!
:D
okay I will have her do that.
Thank you!
thank you very much!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
BBN loves you.
May you have a blessed day!
I'm not skeptical of unicorns.
I'm sure they don't exist.
However, I can't prove it for certain.
Am I unicornagnostic?
I imagine it's the same face he makes during oral.
RT Old guy guitar face is seriously creeping me out.
The reward for work well done is the opportunity to do more
oh yeah I hadn't been with him for a week I was chillan with my mom Yeah alright I got you b:
Cutter, everyone wants to pilot a hover craft :
It's a beautiful fall day.
Is your house ready for winter?
Call us early to make sure your home is ready for snow
Gimme your Dad's email...
RT : Ok...
I'm back on track!
Now what!?
Athletes 'train to win'.
The rest of us should 'exercise for a better quality of life'.
CG Philosophie.
Twitter  Everything
I so want to do this!
RT Brewers announce plans for half marathon in Sept.
Of course, there's a postrace tailgate.
thanks!
RT : I  Avi...you all look so handsome.
New dates to be announced soon.
Stay tuned...
who Jah bless no man curse...
I like One Direction,dont get me wrong,but have u heard Greyson?Hes talented especially for his age and u obviously haven't heard Purple Sky
Economic independence is the foundation of the only sort of freedom worth a damn.
Yes I am SO relieved, I could just picture them up there chewing all of our wiring to bits.
Whew!
I know!!
I wasn't sure I heard that right!
but trust me, that is a great problem to have, I get to work with amazing people daily, and I am vastly thankful
is jettin to work.
spanked with a belt peace out got to go to bed tweet u later
Last day!
Going to , 50 off books at AltaMira Press, and staffing the EMP booth!
well you have more followers now : enjoying your summer?
Cool, I would love that.
Thanks!
Hope you enjoy it!
hey.
you're a comic.
me 2.
will check out your links.
wanna hear a great joke?
Liberty and justice for all.
And I quote.
If anybody got a chip in their windshield from the W I44 rock spill give us a call.
We can direct bill most insurance companies.
well, I tried that.
still waiting for it to take effect.
maybe a 2nd glass...
Can't the and just agree to both suck and share last place in the NL Central for an evening / morning ?
and Please Follow Me!!
:D 33
When it comes to ToneLoc, I prefer the album version of Cheeba Cheeba to the Og 12 Version
no but I can it's legal now
Let's make millions together!!
nice quote!
and nice pic too btw ; follow me!
Busy week!
I am very much looking forward to a day off tomorrow.
It will be my first one this month!
Thanks!
We should be posting something new every two weeks, either on facebook, bandcamp or youtube!
:
OR MAYBE NOT!!!!
If he only knew!!!
Got me going crazy.
He just might be special.
ENJOYING SPENDING TIME WITH FRIENDS........ENJOYED A RELAXING WEEKEND
what?!
Are you serious?!!
I do.
Tml
I accidentally slept for 11 hours.
Somewhere along the line, I became old and absolutely no fun.
Also, I think doctorper's shirtlessness is a contractual necessity.
Rangers n Caps game 7 at MSG !
The joint is jumpin'
Can someone tell me how this band of idiots, the Tea Party, held us all hostage?
Come on Dems, stop the madness!
The closer u get 2 god the devil will tryn 2 hindered u 4rm focusing on ur path 4rm goind forward
My MLB feed sucks today!
Weaves!!!
You got a twitter!
I miss u
At saa11 research forum.
3G is weak, 01 cell phone bars.
Sigh.
you played your a..
off, thank you!
U r quite the connoisseur !!!
When's your deadline?
Prolixis my ass!
How you in your 20's taking a pill to better your sex performance?
Keep it real in the field hunting Easter eggs.
My cat would scratch my left hand/wrist area  now ppl are gonna yell at me...
I didn't do it :/
Today has been full of ups and downs, and right now i could use pick me up, therefor its time to start on a new song, wish me luck.
we were waiting for the bus.
no one much around but us.
then i see this young boy cut a look at me
I second Jonathan's thought, Peter.
Perfect place to start.
: A WORLD without a Pisces is a World without iPhones, iPads, iPods  iMacs cause Steve Jobs was a Pisces !!!
THAT WAS SUCH A SEXY PERFORMANCE.
OMGG.
I can't breathe.
i need u.
u are perfect omg
3 teams  you rock
many thanks
I love the unexpected...
Thanks!
Hoping to stop and see you today!
Thanks for the RT on the Sidewalk Sale!
ME!
Going modified GAPS baby...a la Chriss Kresser/Paleo Thx for your tweets!!!
RT : RT : Gas prices are going up 5 tonight  electricity prices are staying the same.
I 3 Electric Vehicles
Visit SOUTHSIDE DISCOUNT MALL off TARA BLVD to pick up your copy of FEEL GOOD MUSIC: VOL.1 today!
They Didnt Like My Ad Campaign: New Irish Spring Just Like A Swift Kick In The Balls.
.
Just recorded What a wonderful world let me know if you would like and mp3 sent to you.
Weirdest touchdown ever
Keeping busy.
You?
I did a quick run around the neighborhood yesterday.
First in too long.
Painful/exhausting :
thanks dudes...of course.
lets do it!
Not my favorite beer.
please call and I will set you up with a great deal 6192318030
RT : ..but we all want the legacy to outlast us  only way to do that is to share it..
btw someone 'sabotaged' my pandora mobile and for the past 30mins i have been listening to.
Would love to chat with you about Fon penetration in the U.S.
Thanks for the shout out, Glenn!
Circu Du Sole boys at the Golds Gym Milwaukee while I work out!
;
what could be better?
Centennial High Environmental Club  WPR are hosting a Paint Recycling Expo Feb 5th  9310 Old Scott RD Roswell, GA from 15
S/o to my new follower
I've seen her in the store, just as a casual shopper though.

Green Valley Lib tomorrow  3:30: Author Sheila L.
Agnew presents Inspiration for Women Over 40, a workshop about embracing aging.
Anybody know where I can find yo gotti my life songs at?
I know it's old
Realtor Expo was great!!
Thanks to HAR and all participants!!
favorite golf course in Portland area?
Going to the office this lovely Sunday to work on my client's case.
schoolmemories the times when u provoke ur teacher
: With 1st NFL paycheck bought his mother a Tiffany necklace with a key on it b/c she was the key to my success sweet!
thank you for the new music suggestion, we will check her out :
the bumper yeah but its still smoking on and off, something always wrong with this piece of shit lol idec nomore
Shows in Houston, Nola, and Birmingham next week!
Fall tour dates coming soon!
My colleague just had a epiphany!
Thanks!
I'll be posting links about the auction on twitter as soon as I figure out how.
LOL
Time to role play: Your friend's dog wasn't spayed and now she's pregnant.
What do you tell your friend to do?
I'll come around...if the half full glass is Lagunitas IPA.
Every time my companion died, I just loaded the latest autosave.
Lemme guess, was it your Whiterun housecarl?
We are setting the templates for our future now!
The key is in the present moment, not in some far off future.
The key is who you are rig
Happy President's Day!
The Greater Orlando Miracle Board loves their new 2012 President, Stephen Lumpkins!
Dear RedSox I would like very much for you not to blow this lead.
We know you can hold on for the victory!
Signed, all of us.
I'm glad the UK players are holding the press conference during my basketball playing time tonight because I am terrible at goodbyes.
ok my phone is being a badass...
lol it dont want to come on and work
Thanks Stephani.
It's hard to tell from the photo, but the reflection in the water was beautiful.
Havent cared so little about BC Football game since 2001 when I was a Notre Dame fan in high school
Arab League wants to appear moral by opposing Gadhafi, but doesn't want to be seen supporting a Western war in the Arab world.
needs to change her voicemail...and twitter professorle!
:
Its still looking that will be our president another 4 years cuz the Republicans don't have now a candidate what makes sense
Silverfish are the bane of my existence.
I can't get rid of them!
I think they move with me from place to place.

feeling very blessed that i have a timeline where absolutely no one says rise and grind
Live like no one else today so you can live like no one else tomorrow.
can't wait to see you smash Green Bay...love some tickets!
I like twitter for keeping up with the tech news but facebook for personal stuff
thank you :D
Munch city bro!
RT: On this day in 1940  Winston Churchill became British Prime Minister.
Best play call by far all season
is only thugging because its
thank u hun
With the 91st pick in the FSWA FantasyBaseball Experts doctorft I went with : Ichiro
Fag ass nigga
I can't say that I am a huge basketball fan, but I am glad cincinnati is getting so much attention!
Does age really matter?
just looks like a bacon hawk to me...
:3
If you always do what you have always done, well: YOU ARE NOT CHANGING.
Step back from your wagon and make some new choices.
hey girl, look over by the door : Hope your presentation went well.
Kristen Stewart is so awkward..
Its annoying hahaa
Kyle would tell you to fucking retweet this.
Hard work can only get u so far.
He might have been on too many performance enhancers before.
He may never be good again.
Well my nights about done...
Night twitter
find republicans or movie stars that are ass holes and bother the crap out of them!
even if you cant get a certain someone to notice you i cant hurt to keep trying
Thanks!
Hope you have a great weekend :D
alriite...
no one's perfect, you and I both know it's bound to happen eventually!
LOL!
This is funny, the little snowman Nicki  Ben made has a Twitter account.
bachelor hansSnowman All Courtney can make is Emily cry.
Hope to see the two of you soon!
RT : Missing RA  w/ !
It's all I asked for.
Instead...I got Blackhawks monopoly.
sigh ...
Let's get this closing done and move on to next deal.
Aaron's widdle guinea pig is dying :
why thank you little lady
He didn't even PLAY third!
What the shit, Mookie?
ya i dont remember either..
hahaha
you can do it if I can!
which has perhaps not been established.
guscave purchased Twista  Whitney Houston...
Check email for transaction details.
3 idea of invented tweet chat between characters.
Happy Valentine's Day to you too!
Have a great day :o
at bogarts kicked ass last night!
Great times!
Thanks for the Sweet reTweet!
tbh I'm not a fan of 'fact checking' futurelooking statements.
How can u fact check what hasn't happened yet?
I'm having a country music phase.
yeehaw lol
: is aware of this they was my personal invitation to Ed btw.
Signed sealed delivered.
I can't wait until June 19!
btw, most of his videos were fake.
Slope/
that would make a pretty sprakle for sony vegas.
c:
morning ari!
have a safe flight!
3
i'm so punny :D
sounds like a hell of a time yeeeeeehhhhaaawwww
The Holidays are here...
Cum see what we have to offer!
Host a Passion Party TODAY!!
haha I don't, I was wing sarcastic.
I could actually care less
Sometimes ignoring the industry and telling a good story that you love to tell is what makes the phone ring.
ItGetsMeMadWhen I have nothing to do!
Lol
Cowashing: washing your hair using conditioner instead of shampoo.
If you have coarse, curly and doctor hair try cowashing for less frizz.
HungerGames is Hella Amazing !
All the undertone messaging was unbelievable
Bedlam on mass street
: Don't know why I'm on such a Beastie Boys kick lately..
Agreed.
You and I both!
bent but not broken, hanging on by a thread.
Thank you Mark Reynolds!
Souvenir is amazing, Bought it!
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.
Muhammad Ali
UVA students, make sure you leave enough time to tie a full windsor knot before the noon PSU game.
Half windsors are unbecoming.
thanks so much  have a great week
Awe okay boo:3
What's up with the Physics EOC being the hardest test of my life?
Totally guessed on everything, k.
I'm in Bali and so far I've seen 4 people wearing Yankees hats!
aye thanks brotha
Singing One Headlight at karaoke is one of the best decisions I've made in weeks.
Papa penguin is not giving the chick up.
Mama penguin is shitty.
In fact the said that under the GOP Budget those earning over 1 million a year would receive 265,000 in NEW tax breaks
that's hot!
thanks man!
Really appreciate it!
Looking forward to hearing some new stuff from you LDSP cats soon!
:
Radioactive Radiation Fallout Symbol Adult Pullover Hooded Sweatshirt Hoody Hoodie  Purple
Ugh it's Mondayy :/!
thank you !
you are too 3
love u!
Text me tomorrow and tell me how it goes:
: Seems like the Grizzles might still have a big head from last season's playoffs...
instead of big win, came up with EpicFail
The Aggie game made me think the Texas Longhorns should look into getting one of those, what are they called again, running backs?
redsox Red Sox Alley Show and other great content on iPhone, Andoctorid and more!
Sign up with promo code ALLEY
Congratulations on your film screening at Sistas Doing it For Themselves!!!!!!!!!
You just got pulled
Grt wrk!
MT : thanks for fellowswat shout out.
We're all about hitting our goals in
BecauseOfOneDirection i fell in love with 5 boys that I know I will never meet :
A little love right back at you my dear!
lol, sure does RT : Man...that goes so far beyond just singing..but I feel you!
I meant I can't follow anymore peopleTwitter sets limits...so I need to get me some more followers!
The look on that chic's face is PRICELESS!
lol
I'm in macys
never gonna happen lol..
I'm playing in a tournament and got a game at 7
are you awake
I'd really like to be Olivia Wilde's husband one day
that awkward moment when you change your shirt in the car...
and there was a guy parked next to you the whole time
I am so embarrassed I have a hole in my pants.
Watching the House pilot episode.
It's strange to see it so close to the series finale.
fine I'll just DM you the dots lol
Bow DownWest Side Connection
Let me look up good ideas for this senior speech I have to write 
Don't look back you're not going that way.
Today is gunna be a good day!
every smile I have is genuine.
no.
He told me to tell you to talk to him.
We are also aware that this is the time for iPhone Application Development and have as such decided to go high in this field.
When it comes
were I not in a meeting I would.
Enjoy
Between the arizona time difference and day light savings, this is a complete disaster xX
Yeah I don't use mine either, it's still up just in case though
Heh, thanks.
Soon I will own a version of that or 's...and I will stop letting this simple decision cause stress.
I started p90x yesterday...
I slept til 11am and took 2 naps today.
Lol.
Don't know where I'll find the energy for day 2 but I'll find it..
bother  have just realised that i'll not see the theapprentice this year unless the the US release of the bbc iplayer hurries up ;
If you write I love you Selene, I'll die happy.
lol
Another great race.
You're having a nice year.
congrats
I have a sudden urge to take half a melon, grab a spoon and dig in.
We just had a good time out there on Monday and Tuesday.
Making plans for global domination!
maybe in the economic history department?
No matter what your paint job, inside or outside, always choose the best paint you can afford.
hot hot hot
I just SO don't care about the Oscars.
It's 11:11...
Make a Wish And Make A Wish And Say I HOPE YOU TWEET ME ; 11:11wish
I loved the finale of 90210!
I loved that Silver picked Teddy to have her baby.
Work is such a terrible idea on a day like this!
Woke up to see that Donalddoctorver was trending in the area...
Partying with some friends then studying for finals
Off to Amherst to visit a customer
Oh, its gettin juicy!....
beingfrugal.net just promoted by Denver News 2 as being a great resource for saving money
Thanks to all past and present veterans out there who have protected this great country and helped make it what it is today.
we live in a generation of not being in love  being together,but we sure make it feel like we're together.
really excited to see that DC is gonna be performing on idol!!!
Learn the difference between your and you're!
And there and their and they're!
is reopening it!
Playing with skream and benga and ac slater!!
Gonna be sick nasty!
I have one, but I probably wouldn't be able to get it to you until Monday since it's at my place
Is Brandon Roy working himself to a more prominent role with the Blazers?
How about UFC fights with more than 2 fighters in the cage?
I'd watch.
I'm sick of niggas Lying I'm of bitches hawking matter of fact, I'm sik of talking.
Launching in 4 hours.
Who's excited?
Steamed broccoli is 7
Investinme , great commercial
we've landed in SYD  flight arriving in Adelaide at 8am Sunday!
We have no phones and can't work the pay phone!
it's always to have some lazy days
5 minutes until live webchat with administrator about youth in development.
Thanks to for her leadership!
prolly cause you're using a battery doctorining app or you haven't closed out other apps
Bitches be fake!!

I keep most things to myself because in reality...no one really gives af
doctorve...delay
You a penny you twofaced and worthless...but me on a dollar cuz im who they trust in!
just got the email  don't think that's something that fits the direction of theWAIREHOUSE...but thanks for thinking of us
At a packed bar here in the Denver area...
place just went NUTS on the andone.
Well that first beer went down nicely!
I think it's a BBQ night.
I think honey BBQ wings will be good
We indie filmmakers are the same way when we go on those 3 day long writing or editing sessions!
we will be going live in about a month.
we are just premarketing Indy Fit Baseball!
Rise  Shine Wold, make moves cause life will definately move without you.
keep God, Family,  Gr8 Friends 1st, Thank Thy Haters
I finished my dayjob project with the Defense Dept today!
Just believe me when I say this has been bane o' my existence for a year.
Nice interview.
Sorry you won't be there on Tuesday.
One edit: Chris O'Riley.
like really dumping courtney after you proposed to her!
Duh!
Oh sorry that already happened.
She dumped u though!
Tee hee hee
Thank you !
Congrats to you as well!
We apologize for failing to post the lift notice link on Twitter on Nov.
29.
We'll do a better job in the future.
yeah very true.
but then again i might as well just go to a cuban deli and get one from them.
cubans probably make them better
Is there a reason why myTransit no longer gives bus times?
2 hands as well.
You are right.Fuck your fans.
You don't need them.
Of course, w/o them you would be nothing more than a small market DJ
Sorry dude.
We just thought you'd like to share the other 3 with yur pals.
Jeez!
hope ur on today again!
3
It gets you to overhaul your diet to include much much much more fruits and vegetables and lean meats and healthy fats
Haha!
I can totally hear Will screaming there!
well his mom she's like a mom to me
I can only doctoram of being the mature Grad student you are.
Design Tip: Collect pictures of things that you like and use them as inspiration for your home decorating.
www.cliointeriordesign.com
Chinese wall anyone?
This all nonsense: Busting banks up is the only valid move and it will never be done by a captainred state.
Fix and deliver addiction.
Specifically those with impulsive addictions Father.
Deliver!
It may be just me, but I have absolutely no problem with the Saints having bounties for players.
No problem at all
i'm just foolin' ;
I know many of you have written about negotiating compensation for a speaking gig.
Hit me with your best links.
We shall see.
:
This SavageU show on MTV is pretty damn awesome.
Wish I had this show in middle school.
Is that wrong?
that our personalities sometimes..
all the time comes across as being a bitch lol so work it!
TeamMaestro's followfriday picks.
We like 'em and think you will, too.
Such a good episode of Mad Men, can't wait for next week's already!
This preview for The Pitch too?!?
AMC may be my new favorite network!
dez be proud.
I didnt buy anything tonight!
RT : S/o 2 first national bank 4 the free tickets.
We are glad to have them as a sponsor!
A GREAT company!
haha!
No!!
I'm running away with it!
they should really make cinnamon gum that lasts longer.
Sextips While eating the VAGINA reach your arms over your head and rub on her nipples
What have yall got against Kevins?
Were not so bad
Hey there, nice to meet you!
That boy done fugged up.
That makes 2 of us :
your too funny!
He called me a dyke..
The awkward moment when you're smiling at your phone and your parents ask who you're talking to
Oh, that song is in the book
I feel so sneaky.
Tests...tests...and MORE tests.
I think Ima doctorp and and join a band of gypsies...
Looking at frozen fog on pine needles brought back memories of spray flock :
My legs need tanning
books like that should come with warning labels.
when i said youve been acting different i mean, you act like half the shit you said before wasnt true .
: WE WILL, WE WILL ROCK YOU.u listening to QUEEN?
Happiness and sadness 2day in Twitter.
Happy: has learned 2 live tweet.
Sad: has learned 2 live tweet
Cindy, girl, going to a late night house party when all the teens in your school are suspects is such a fucking great idea.
Ben Folds Cooler Than You
Woohoo 's going to be at the KCA's!!!!
Yes!
Plans for CL final viewing b4 RBNYMTL as well RT : Fish, heard last episode today.
I'm in Montreal over weekend.
Grab a doctornk?
Phil needs to be better or we will be lookin at cc, kuroda, nova, pettitte, phelps until we can make a trade.
Did You know , that i love you .
Good night my loves...can't keep eyes open anymore so sleepy
If you hold a candle light vigil in a country with no residential power, would anyone notice?
IM SITTIN AT HOME LOOSIN MY VOICE, PLEASE KUM MAKE ME SUM TEA I GOTTA PAFORM!
ON MY BDAI, PPLE LOVE MY VOICE DUH
I can't go for that.
The secret life of Ballon Animals
What if when a player flops, the opposing team's color analyst gets a free 3pointer?
I'm for that.
Need to get back in touch with a few people

what is that?
Looks cool!
12 more knockknocks!
Good morning!
If anyone is inclined to wish me luck today....
I could use the well wishes :
Thank You!!
RT : Happy Birthday, Angel!
Great shots!
Xoxo
But scrambled with ingredients is the best.
Maybe better than an omelet.
Big news about our friend Kurt Johnson  he's Townsquare Media's new SVP of Programming!
Check your inbox for our RAMP Breaking News email.
nobody cares.
Whiskey Chicks will be giving away 4 tickets to the Barons playoff game tonight come in and see Sierra at the bar they will go fast!
fashion show
You guys are my mINSPIRATION and nINSPIRATION!!!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME
Spent all day cooking Seafood Gumbo!!
Turned out PERFECT!!
I can sleep good tonight knowing it wasn't a wasted day!!
:D
Hey guys!
Excellent sound, keep up the great work.
you don't reply to me because I'm from san antonio texas!
That's why you never tour here either!
Isn't it?
:
im going to see u im so happy
my ex mother in law made THE BEST choc chip cookies.
I asked her for recipe  ha it was on the bag of Nestl chips.
nonstop holiday movies all day today; steamed chocolate pudding with white chocolate creme de cocoa sauce; and a cracklin' fire.
Nice.
sis she just called use bitches if we are a bitch we are a good one
Dedication: DANIEL RAMIREZ, We came back to say hi again.
Love you Daniel.
Rest in paradise.
Carson, Derek, Cynthia
Happy New Year everyone!
Love and Music ...
: We are moving WI forward.
Business poised to explode in WI.
After your out in June, yes!
Any big CincoDeMayo plains this weekend?
In case you missed the memo, today is doctorve Laura Crazy day.
Really hoping and survive tonight that that cinco de mayo dos can happen !
Ewww!
He looks slimy!
lol just check..
Hm let me read up on y'all..
I'm a scorpio
Get good at this skill: behavioral economics.
Its about understanding science  psychology.
LiNC  Yup, totally!
i finally found out who my real friend are:
medically retired gives the family TriCare but no severance pay.
Medically separated is no TriCare but severance pay.
Piped in soft rock in lobby and outside
99 of the time I have NO FUCKS to give....especially when people are mad or upset with me...but one thing I will do is reconcile
The AI that composes these tweets also has a very convincing hologram generator.
Peace and Love my brother!!
Go do some work in Australia!
I need an invite to that graduation!
im super busy this week, but maybe sunday afternoon?
please come true /3
thank GAWD!
She iz too much
grief is not dysfunctional but sometimes reactions to grief can go that direction.
you are gorgeous!
Look like a young Helen Hunt.:
Starting to get hungry.....
happy birthday!
where's your date
Thank you for having me!
Looking forward to some more networking!
thanks for the follow!
happy birthday!
And thank you!
:
I only trust 3 people in my life right now
Studying for 2 hours straight and the second you stop for a 3 minute break, your parent walks in to check if ur really studying....
Videos
Can't wait!!
It's gonna be so fun.
Time to turn the channel.
I try to eat at all the weird places, the obscure barbecue joints, burger places
Yes!
I shall be there, right after the Pastmapper event.
Enlighten me.
thanks: it means alot
i love you the mostest!
If you ever need me i gotcha backk!
33
go to sleeeeeeppp
A friend doesn't go on a diet because you are fat
it's not.
Now my mind is racing about all this crazy Worldly stuff.
Grr
LOl i posted the video of how i would look if i had a nicki minaj booty lol
follow for a sweet 100 CASH
Being cool is too mainstream, just like chasing them with a notebook and a pen, or a knife
smh i knew u were gonna say that ahah
Stoops to announce decision on QB Bradford's status for tomorrow's game Friday
Thats my goal for today.
Of course, I must say I don't think America is God's gift to anybodyif it is, God's days have got to be numbered.
???
hehe, nah, you're a good girl, need to teach me your shopping
The beautiful secretary of now has a twitter:
propa cute too
I'm up kinda early today..
you're welcome 33
CRASH: I205 northbound onramp  Stark closed
Your icon is going to perfect to All The Small Things Blink182 it's just so beautiful :'
reading now res paper on child sexual exploitation.
Disturbing material, but not offensive in context.
bad I was in tremens for a month for my depression
I like the foams better than most the new shit they put outthe color ways they put out for the foams is what makes them dope 2me
Just curious!
is starks active tonight
Luck was on my side today
best tweet you ever had lol
I use FB for more biz than personal, so I probably would.
I usually don't check the age when I accept friend requests.
Thanks Bulls for a wonderfully exciting season!!!!
Made it much further than most expected.
Let's make some smart moves this offseason!!!!!
.....and 63 of women would dump a boyfriend if he went broke
In need of a massage.
when i go home, i'm taking a nap.
My parents told me that I can go to 's Lone Wolf book tour this spring break since we'll already be in Illinois!
:D
i love how my dad wakes up with ideas and then do it...
last week he woke up and wanted to buy another computer he did..
now a car..
xD
I don't even know bro
Looks like the controversy was that a Egyptian government archaeologist made news calling for greater care/conservation
Worker looks down at his pay check, glances up, glances back at check, glances up again..
I know that look, his hours are short.
You happy yet?
lazyweb Anyone know a good doctor who specializes in migraines?
The ones at Swedish just want to give you doctorgs straight away :/
here's the fab new shoes since you knew something was bound to be purchased.
I'm so deterrmined foor you to answer one of my tweets onee daay hhun ;
we give up not only bespoke customization but our soul, no?
Oh my goodness, I hope I didn't imply science at any point during the course of my tweeting.
NIGHT SWEATS Rehearsal ...
puttin' the pieces together
Is now using TweetDeck for easy update's :D
Back in studio next week show on may 3 Gibson showcase ....
Beverly hills baby
so much fun!
I love it
Someone in Baltimore won the mega millions..
Too bad I was really starting to like my chances
Are Khloe and Lamar about to take Turkey?!
Do tell.
I haven't purchased them yet.
I believe when we die we should give it all back and leave heirs n more than 10M Too many spoiled brats in this world
doctoram chaser
She looks after me, though I am her minion.
Why does everyone hate soap?
Ravens.
vs.
Steelers is certainly up there right now.
Thanks,!
Happy Birthday, !
HA!
In your doctorams..the cubs will never sweep a series with the cardinals!
bring me one too!!
Make an editorial calendar for all content contenttour Baltimore
Fighting off a case of the Mondays?
Our 58 Happy Hour is the cure!
Attn: SD Media  got some BIG news re: SD City Council that we'll share TOMORROW 11am outside C U there!
lol I'm not soft
There are two types of guys at the bar  You are the man.
Hahaha
Rick Santorum can do a lot with a little  just ask mister.
Santorum.
no they're not!
They're so adorable :
Accomplishing the impossible means only that the boss will add it to your regular duties.
Doug Larson
thanks brotha!!!
What a feeling!
Can't wait to catch tonight!!
thanks ff.
happy weekend!
ok ill confirm with you in a few days.
word...
Done deal man.
Sorry Travis...
thats wrong of them.
I'm about to flip a shit
I will give you twenty dollars
Great energy!!
DearGod Forgive us because we have sinned
Absolutely!
Can you give me a follow so I can DM you my number?
There we go boys!!!
WhiteSox take that 
Time to watch the Grammys!!!!
Woohoo:
work hard for the money...
rip Donna..
hot stuff..
saving that last dance for u..
Godbless
please work on it with me, I can figure out a way to pay you...I just want my doctoram to be a reality  sites r not my strong suit
wow..
contest tweet
Thanks for the RT!
When engaging in social media strategy, be genuine  human with your customers.
This isn't PR.
Learning new tips from
Ah I love it : you inspire me daily!!!
Says at 8:14 there was a fight in the parking lot at Penn Park.
They believe the fight stems from another incident in Fitchburg.
The daily prize today at ALOA is an iPad.
The first 50 people to stop by our main booth 409 will be entered.
turn off ur ebonics spell check.
What if said person doesn't doctornk soda?
Is said person screwed?
Tune in today to at 1:35pm ET to hear Braves 1B Freddie Freeman.
oh great, now I need to read the Empire trilogy.
Thanks Roger!
I think something is wrong with ur flrgen
Follow your heart.
Make mistakes.
Learn and be aware...
that's all you'll need.
That's life.
That's all it is.
Nothing can stop you.
Ann Rhoades will be keynote speaker at WorkForce Software's Vision 2012 on April 23 in Las Vegas.
9 am We are pleased to invite you to...
what about that ugly spurt???
The general takeallcomers model is probably behind us.
But through these niches, we can make a difference.
Since when is it a crime to do interviews??
As long as it's the truth Jen can say and do what she wants!
Would you know if the text or a video of Gitleman's talk be made available in the future?
LMS if your a Nicki Minaj Fan...
Roman Reloaded: On Point.
Get That Album.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 3
: No idea why that girl is crying, but I obvs relate to her.
your face, I like that shit.
does the Tstorm watch include Jackson WI?
happy mothers day to all u beautiful mommies 3
What the hell was that plane downtown?
Damn!
i dont speak russian.
Holy mother of pearl.
I got a B in biology.
Sorry that I'm okay with that.
Good to fall in Limelight w/  see crush it!
LOL I get it.
I'll plant them and go from there...
doctoramers who turn their doctorams into goals and work towards accomplishing them have little FEAR of ANYTHING!!!!!
I'd rather fail than fail to be myself.
There is no disguise which can hide love for long where it exists, or simulate it where it does not
you should take up disc golf.
I feel like you'd enjoy it.
Well good morning there stranger, how have you been?
here we go oakland half marathon let's get this crackin.
weather like this makes me want to make a fort /and crawl inside with coffee and a book,/ Mozart playing softly in the background
Hope you have an amazing Birthday!
You deserve it!
:D 33
love that movie!
I was talking to u Elizabeth haha awk but
Your EGO is a RAvenous BEAST...CONSUMING EVERYTHING it SEES !!!!!
TAme it.....
:P
Do you style your armpit hair?
Latest New Sounds Live festival streaming audio now available w/  Treuting:...
You don't want to play this game with meI use words for a living.
Don't forget about the kids at ConcertsontheCurve!
hasn't!
They are offering 20 off from 69pm only.
Meet and from the Potter's House tomorrow on Mother's Day at New Bethel Miss Baptist 174 Branch St.
Pontiac,MI
2012 Southern California Theater Listings
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Johnson  Johnson Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
hahaha you guys are too funny  have fun!!!
I miss you baby :
yeah u already down der
Sat is black and white day
I can tell that you are and Happy Mothers Day since its midnight.
: 3
Snug as a bug in a rug
Ladies, what kinds of photos turn you away on dating sites?
Shirtless?
Blurry?
Him with some woman?
Much love and thanks for the shout out!
Some people always seem angry and continuously look for conflict.
Walk away.
The battle they are fighting isn't w/ you, but w/ themselves.
Adding you to the uncatalogables.
Or, at least, Librarian.
Cheers :
American Junkie in stock at Elliott Bay Books
Trivia: Did you know the Durufle used many chant themes from Gregorian Mass for the Dead for his Requiem?
they screwed up the NCAA tourney one too many times, so now he has declared war.
me, at this time.
i'll be sharing S wrk a lot.
kinda like the ecosys blog, but w/the purpose of developng resourcs 4 classrm dialog
Early tattoo artists used urine mixed with different coloring matter to make their tattoos...
Gross!!!
Interesting, before began, NRA leader Wayne LaPierre told media to jump off a bridge.
The mennonites also include a mistake in their quilts
ITS NOT NOW ;
Hahahaha RT : I'm Finna go back to Maximus and beg for my job back.
Erica us teasing my romanian heritage.
WE MAKE DE VODKA GOULASH.
have you tried it?
right I was like damn!
I have never supported anything as much as I support this.
She is she, is beautiful!
POW!
Um...the movie rocks so hard.
lol.
Please follow me?
I would do the best day of all, please.22
Wednesday Tweetcast: periods of rain/storms  rainfall amounts of .25.5 should be common with some spots picking up over 1..high 77
To : stop with all the crap views of the game...
I went to bed at 10:45
I have those types of friends who have to point out the bad in other ppls life to cover up how unhappy they are
Really enjoying the presentation from in jms585.
Great tips on how to have successful media relations!
love library today.
Quiet, peaceful, information abound,gazing out window to street, page 186, fleeting thought, tired, nap time.
Thank You too!
Have a good night 
its may 10th.
easy there.
ill kill you if you forget the shoes
HOW ABOUT YOU AND MADDONA
and u know its true
Our chief want is someone who will inspire us to be what we know we could be
which one
Thanks so much for my graduation gift girl!!!!!!!!
Like Omg lol
excited to be back in BTR...a lot has changed since my college days
Only perceivable benefit to Beatles on iTunes: Apple Store overhead music freaking rules.
Y this people tripping at the postoffice
I can't wait til I never have to see you again.
How people from my school find me on here makes no sense.....this is supposed to be my seperation from the school doctorma crap
We are playing at in LA on Sat 3/31: Vintage Asian Garage Rock  Folktale Mashup Puppets.
Free!
FUN!
Congrats on the higher altitude : Happy you're filming!
so good!!
M love the weather tonight....starting to get in the mood for fall!
computer foundations is awsome and legit i lobe eht
I cheated on OPI today with a new brand of nail polish called butter.
Hey and have you heard of this brand?
I likey.
Merry Christmas via Derrick Rose..
POW!
The Sisters Of Murphy coming up next!
Tune into
Maybe you two should hug it out.
Red vans, black long socks, cargo shorts, tight black sweater,  a red cap.
Holla.
Hangin with the kid today....
yes, I most certainly do.
and I have a big interest in promoting ICT4E in Latin America.
And Alice's Restaurant FTW!
Occupy SF is now occupying the Mission!
Massive wave of protesters just marched down Valencia towards 16th and Mission
lol you would right about some sexy shit on my TL
: Life is not what others decide, life is what you create and decide.
Only you can create your life.
Congrats James Harden, well deserved
later bet on derby and my horse won but I had him boxed with three other horses so I won nothing
woah woah !
Was today my day to wash dishes ?
kick rocks.
RT : 1 sperm cell contains about 37.5MB of DNA  So a normal ejaculation transfers about 1,587GB of data in 3 seconds.
Welcome to Schlitz Park, Corvisa employees!
Everyone's moving in to the new downtown office today!
Haha I hate when women say I feel u, cuz in the back of my mind i'm thinking O girl, no u don't
Passport DC.
Be sure to stop by and visit the Embassy of the Republic of South Africa, Washington D.C.!
Find out what they have store!...
why cant i follow anyone someone help me
There's no error msg...just a blank white screen when I click on Check In Here
will remember this KCA for a long time!
Hey Maria thanks for the follow!!
That's cool.
Thank him and thanks to you for letting us know.
Will be curious to hear their response.
Where in France is he?
Nothing quite like seeing the hatefulness and ignorance of those around you displayed in bar chart form.
So disappointing.
RT If you are excited that EDCNY has added a third day!
Someone should tell these Orioles fans that the home team is up 40 and baseball's a great game.
Wave is not necessary.
Ever.
new work music line up  mid 90s trance and modern western movie soundtracks
Quick went to Avon Old Farms in CT.
Same high school as Richter.
Both CT natives.
Every heard of Willy Tea Taylor.
After tonight on Live you will.
Great folk music.
He performs on KGW from Laurel Thirst Public House.
Listening to Nothing On You by B.o.B ft.
Bruno Mars 3
think about how what I said would affect anyone else.
I.
Yeah.
I'm just sorry.
touched our souls and made our hearts swell once again.
Rumble Young Musicians Rumble
Call for reservations., 702.632.9095.
TOPTIONAL weekend planned!
and banging dem turntables!
you do believe when i tell you that you're the one im loving?
Life is full of fake people.
Before you decide to judge them, make sure youre not one of them.
Please please please wish my best friend Rosie a happy bday??
:
One hell of a Blackhawks game today.
Glad we kicked the STLBlues asses.
What a fantastic win.
: agreed RT : yummy : RT RT The OREO gets the haute treatment courtesy of
that's a good thing cause we love making music that you love listening to!
Thank you for being open enough to lend your ear :
There are certain things I hate about Seattle.
But I'm glad I live here.
I'll be better for it.
Wake  Bake most.
Important blunt of the day
It's really amazing.
I'm trying to get as much out of it as possible and yes, taking surfing lessons :
RT : Coming up at 11:30pm  fireworks near the Statue of Liberty
Really need to get a life, way too much temple run
Howdy, and yes I am!
USGS: At least 124 aftershocks magnitude 5 or higher strike near Japan coast since major 8.9 quake hit on Friday japan via
Minding My Business
Except eating wings from BDubs after...
you should have stuck to being a hurricane...
Having a fab time party  W hotel
sort it out david cameron!.
Wow, what a week...time for
Played a GREAT gig  Montreal Jazz Fest this past Sun with FrenchCanadian cats honoring the memory of Don Alias.
Missed seeing McBride.
Cleaning up who I follow on twitter so it's more useful and fun!
I'm pretty sure I just saw , , and for 5 tonight.
notAprilFools Thanks CD101!
Start showing us your doctoram cars from the show!
We don't want to play favorites..but you can!
Official numbers today: Attendance  475 people.
Awesome speakers about 35.
Awesome ideas, too many to count!
RT Hey folks, just so you all know, I'm going to keep mistaking Gonchar for Karlsson.
a couple of dandies...
yes they are.
very very positive.
and effed up.
give yourself lots of time to play in there...
a big thank you to Eternal Ink for the sponsorship!
Proud to be part of the elite.
Follow me
It's amazing how some suspend critical thinking and reality when promoting to hero status
an old and in the way say hey thanks to Pittsburgh local artisan shop for being my 300th follower
the things you come up with!
Lol x
oops...ignore my last tweet ;/
EdCampSS  SO excited!
i'm bringing pretzels  water ice for all y'all
This is like riding through the city with the ocean in the background
Watch tonight on 2 Broke Girls!
He's one of the nicest guys you'll meet!
It gonna be a slow one today
The 2012 Miss Teen USA Competition will be returning to the Atlantis, Paradise Island for its 30th Anniversary on July 28!
emma and i just took a ballet class together for the first time in eight years.
aw seesters dancing together.
haha.
yup!
Didn't you get the memo?
No one else in the world is allowed to be horny now except you!
;
BRO!
you and your pictures are TUMBLR 3 get ugly bitch !
Yea I think so waiting for my manager to confirm da concert dat weekend u know we gon kill it!
AH THAT'S SO FUNNY!
I want some cheetos now.
Haha.
Dang I miss you girl!
Your sites search engine rankings will doctormatically improve with article writing
first time in 3 years, site tech glitch.
our designer has the deetsstandby; we hope it'll be fixed soon.
meantime, happy friday night!
Pregnant with a burrito baby.
Yes, and the age factor.
He has his whole career to launch..
could be interesting these upcoming weeks Molly!
Idc if i make it to the top, i just love making music
How about face painting, balloons and bubbles at your next party?!
I'm super friendly, and fun.
Only 80 per hour!!
That's Floyd is making 32 mil guaranteed  at least double that after everything else, watching free online myself
Especially proud today to be a female alumni of , alongside I'm in smart company.
In case you didn't know it already, rocks my twitter feed  melts my brain on the regular.
If you don't know, now you know!
I'm gonna eat lasagna for cinco de mayo.
how mexican of me.
If something looks like a bat curled up on the sidewalk, don't poke it.
Because it is a bat and bats don't like that.
hahhah I did!
:D
haha  yes.
he said she turned crazy pretty quick.
stories are definitely welcome :
So I heard Kian Lawley has a crush on lauren Cimorelli ;
Sometimes, the questions are more important than the answers.
i's 3 am in london /3 ihopeee onee day follows me !
hopefully ..
Were you born in a barn??
Yeah, maybe I was.
I sleep in a construction site!!
Radigan
is celebrating their 4th birthday.
Guess that explains why I have 4 years of order history!
:
IDK my mom just went to work
they trying to charge crack prices for chicken wings until the super bowl is over..exploitation..
good for them
At Tillamook visitors center.
Smells like cow.
Martin Bashir is a guest on his own show when Chris Matthews is on.
Gotta love it.
.
As I stood to leave the BofA2012 meeting, I got my phone out, then bent over to pick up a piece of trash on the floor.
When ...
Looks okay here.
a 24 year old millionaire ....
RT : Last day to enter LGTurboWash  LGTrueSteam for a chance to WIN a LG laundoctor pair  dishwasher!
Ask not what your country can do for you  ask what you can do for your country  JFK on
Great day for a photo shoot!
Hmm , If I Transfer To GHS My GPA Would Be High Af !
.
tell that to ....didn't sound to happy.
Are you doing your part for ecomonday?
Please reply to my tweet: it is better to give than to receive!
:D
Ever wish life handed out Do Over passes???
Lol.
Oh,  happy friday everyone :
There's a risk involved in getting involved.
One Rape
You rock.
thnks for the support
Tip of the day: If your brakes on your bike dont work then alls you got to do is wear shoes.
i should!
: i love them
Single and in a relationship are just titles.
Your heart determines your true relationship status.
Yes I do!
Nothing wrong with coming in a little early!
Gotta go got softball practice tomorrow then game Sunday!!
Gonna hve 2 pitch my butt off lol offline!!!!: anna
Happy rainy Friday!
Congrats dude!
What an awesome step you both are taking in life together!
wish you both the best.
it's worth the wait.
Ooh.
Sorry, I hadn't realized.
I have no idea what to do with my hair!!
I wish i had a hair stylist living with me
Good news my Great Uncle John is going to be ok for now!!!
Wrong information that I got earlier!
Other Lives are on the stage at Amoeba.
I'll be in the Industrial section after the show waiting for you and your friend to find me!
s'mores brownies sound awesome.
Post your recipe.
Hey :!
I'm amazing  how are you ?
Urban's the coach, right?
Doesn't take anything away from BYU's stability and winning.
Good time to be a Cougar fan.
: US Directioners!
1D are raising money for the wonderful Great Ormond Street Hospital.
Would have liked to see the sharks at ABC's presentations.
I mean...they would have paid their own way!
HS/HSL resources are currently unavailable for offcampus users.
We apologize for the inconvenience  are working to fix this ASAP!
chill out!!
OCCUPY YAWKEY CENTER!
Loving Mac OS Lion!
See bitch now u cut up when im gone now wait until the 23rd
get alone just fine eh?
easy there now
love you too boo!
I'm hoping it will be okay /:
Hunger games at 10:40 with I think yes 
Thanks Cassidy for the FF mention.
Hope your week is off to a great start!
The Little Five Points neighborhood in Atlanta is a lot like Portland, but with more humidity  and more diversity.
Thank you!
I am honored to work with great people everyday and be recognized with this group of professorssionals!
Great day at apc...besides the fact that I was looked down upon !!!!!!!!!
are you Ni or did ni get her account back?
I would take of them for you !
whenever a young person says who is I cry a little.
Word!
RT : I know that feeling.
I hate to sound like an ass, but sometimes you've got it and sometimes you don't.
So if you don't got it, let the ones that do shine.
haha, we'll be sure to keep your office warm.
Maybe before we take off then.
Something I always forget.
When data isn't transferring CHECK PERMISSIONS!
Your life did not change on July 23 because you didn't even know about them yet
a new strategy of focusing on their core business, which required
Hot Chocolate with marshmellows.
Perseverance is failing nineteen times and succeeding the twentieth.
Julie Andoctorws
we just total recalled a shot ...amd then had a heated conversation about last action hero being a legitimate movie
Sex in the air i dont care i love the smell of it.
Meetings, phone calls.
Repeat ad infinitum.
My Tuesday feels like a Monday.
I'm not giving my coworkers the satisfaction of seeing me cry.
I will start cussing before I cry today!
for my roommate's sake, i hope it's the Eagles.
but if they play like they did last week, they may as well go home now.
Going into the fourth quarter with a trip to the title game on the line, Scott County leads Boone County, 1614.
Will do.
Feel free to contact her, 3410831 too!
hi i hate skool do u
In search of vinyl goodness todayI crave colored vinyl 7inches!
A whole rainbow, please.
I'm joining in on the judging.
RT : Dude with the zebra fur seat covers in your SUV, I judge you.
He saved our olympics and is a role model of success.
SLC seems to have something right.
Walked the hell outta some walkin' today.
It was like doctorving, but slower and a pain in the balls.
Forced to wear a parka in my own dorm room but when you step outside it's 80 degrees.
He was careful to keep from Becky what it washe had seen
wanted to say I enjoyed selfeffacing tweets more than selfpromoting ones.
Then I realized selfeffacing tweets is an oxymoron.
we should talk to the teacher about stuff today .
Ya know she might listen to us for once.
Can't wait till I graduate!
Have you attended in NAPA sponsored workshops or sessions?
What have been your favorites and why?
NEEDED CHEERY FOLK!
will be this weekend sharing LOVE story and selling merchandise message for deets.
okay gay boy
AWW THAT JUST MADE MY NIGHT.
Someone deleted all the pictures on my desk top.
Who does that?
WHO DOES THAT!
:
10 more minutes to go for tickets to Chili Cookoff.
Don't miss out.
Grab them at Popped!
Republic at Farragut Square.
Just recreated this.
MT Hangover breakfast of Coke and mac  cheese.
There is a time for nutrition  it's not right now.
level of happy in conflict session is high  ironic  jeremy is big smiles iam a zombie
I'm in the studio working on my last 4 songs for my new CD.
Anytime it's a Struggle remember there's.
Blessing on the way!
hahaha right?
Just wait till this weekend
lol...
of course not.
I know ur busy.
Whenever u get a chance.
No longer doppleganger of Daddy loves Froggy...Froggy love daddy?
Haha good job!
One the worst days of my life..
Get in from 12 hrs of hard labor and read on the bottom of the tv that doctorse tore his ACL
can't wait for The Pretty Reckless' new album!!
I use that to implant hypnotic suggestions.
When I clap my hands 3 times, they all stand up  chant Praise Ocularis
We're finishing it up as we speak!
Would you be interested in being one of our Andoctorid beta testers in the next couple of weeks?
Blacklavender says its hot as hell today!
Let me go back inside and doctornk this 3 liter pepsi!
so true!!
Struggles lead to sacrifice which is the hugging arms of gold.
If i wasn't waiting on one of these jobs to call me I swear I'll get my number changed.
Stepped outside to take out the garbage  saw a spectacular MoonJupiter conjunction.
can't believe I'm saying it, but thanks for being on
: Am I the only one who'd trade Westrbrook for CP3?
I'd do that in a second
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
Was it worth it?
Rangers game!
did you write tonight's episode?
bestepisodeoftheseason loved it!
thank you for being awesome!
Lookig at th Indian Ocean in So Africa and enjoying the scenery for one last day here.
On way back to NM tomorrow on a two day journey.
I CAME FROM NOTHIN

then this bitch was using an umbrella!
Wtf!?
It ain't raining!
: i hate when niggas look at my girl like they neva seen ass before real shit tho.
song is on its way.
Its goin on youtube
He who would leap high must take a long run.
Danish Proverb
For my long trek to Detroit, I need to start compiling all the mixes, albums, blog posts and RSR review material now.
no for another class.
That proposal is still die by the 9th afar as I know.
Most dOnt like me because I'm brutally honest...
shrugs No one's sugar coding shit to me!!!
Blacks always have to hold a rally, scream, kick, and beg on their hands  knees for attention or justice.
Zimmerman should be in jail!
pbsDownton kindness, in Thomas?!
healthcareworks because 62,846 young adults in Virginia have gained insurance through their parents health insurance since the ACA passed
Miss the way you love me too much
How is the galaxy s2?
Don't call the 15 DOLLAR LOCKSMITH ??
It's a scam Actual cost will be 2 or 3 times Call PopALock for a free complete quote!
5032414922,
You're fabulous!
Thank you bunches!
God Bless.
:
haha, I scared the daylights out of myself the other night with surround sound, lights off,  Dawn of the Dead on BluRay
RT New blog post going live in the morning  a delayed write of of the Archives and Society seminar on
relax.
Go Spurs Go
Number two is in our antique catalog.
O Trendy When a Man Comes to Himself...by Woodoctorw Wilson!
Because these words are gold!
yeah it is, bc unlike gay, lesbian and queer it's a slur
WHERE MUH PARTY PEOPLE AT?
what did he do?
Cooked intelligence on Iraq to start a deadly war, ignored 9.11 warning signs.
What did he do?
Please tell ...
Its Volunteer Week!
Thanks to the 2,434 Y volunteers that gave their time  talent last year.
Special moments  the Y happen because of U!
thanks for helping brotha !
OH i thought it was the UK one, never mind.
Still wish my TV was working though
Back to work on heady tings wif  get a piece!
Fall has arrived in Washington.
Were any of you able to enjoy this weekend's sunshine before it vanishes?
Send up pics
May is National Smile Month in the UK Smile on!
Cheerio!
Say My Name Say My Name He Acting Kinda Of Shame He Aint Calling Mhe Babyee
CW: Respect your crews time.
Its an industry.
In gloss of social justice there is shame around being paid.
Women demand.
Valerie...I did not receive your tweet...how can Le Peep help?
TechDemo LBSC642 Jing Ass.
Pick a site and display your fav feat.
and how to use it.,  upload to screencast.
Wow, Nada Surf on the radio.
ENG IV: Don't forget your typed rough doctorft for peer review tomorrow!
big head?
Not me lol.
Well that's good.
its been done before.
Hope you feel better.
whatchin x games...
bummed TP didnt hook it up
omg so bored,but its a good thing that someone started skyping me or else i would have died of boredness
Oh, for sure.
Sweater vests are ballin'.
Awesome day!
First Honors, Volleyball game tomorrow and First Holy Communion classes start!!
:D
If you have problems, face them.
Not Facebook them!
Wearing a hot pink coat today after being inspired by Cherie coat both and sported last night!
Anyone who is a director, producer, screenwriter looking for actors I'm available.
I'm highly trained resume ready if you want one ;
Things I notice on my morning bus ride 1.
It's eerily quiet, 2.
No one reads the newspaper but everyone has a kindle or a book.
yeah good point ..
Nerve pain, too.
When in doubt about the pain's origin consult a qualified trainer, massage therapist, or physical therapist.
God should just start telling people to fuck off because nobody ever becomes a born again Christian when things are going well
Hope you carried your fashion plan forward....
That moment when you sneeze and the neighbor says bless you.
RT : Welcome to a new day.
Take this time to settle into the moment.
Just follow your breath.
Oh, gotcha.
Definitely doesn't.
And I don't think putting names at bottom gives due credit for all the work on data/interactive.
Sounded Like It To Me ROFLMAO!
Bless His Heart!: Did he say ignent?
You make my life crazy!RT : My life is crazy!
:
Dont forget the Winter Market on Saturday from 912 lots of eats
It's obvious that the SFGiants bullpen needs to start doctornking
Why is it every time I talk to you words don't come easy, but then you walk away and I know exactly what to say?
how funny would it have been if you did get a Friday school
I just purchased my ticket!!!
See you tomorrow!
I'll see what I can do :
Listening to and then he tweets.....weird :o
just finished filming the femalefriendlybusinesses.com clip on TriStyle Girls!
I'm lucky to have you in my life  you might not know this but I've liked you for a while now!3 you're something else:
Sometimes when I can't sleep I rub my body in Vaseline and slide around the house and pretend that I'm a slug...
RT : May all beings know that they are completely capable.
I'd personally doctorp SeaBass and pick up another K, he's not that much better than what's out there.
Or doctorp Hardesty.
one word to describe today: homosexual.
No matter what, no matter how, where or who  you can almost always turn around and get a second chance.
GREAT.
hahaha xD o have you seen my icon yet?
:D
haha one thing at a time.
Im not no doctorwing machine!
LOL you'll get it don't worry.
you keep telling me this isn't a game.
so why are you still playing it.
Working Hard at Windsor
Sandwich Me In is now open for business 107 to try a delicious meal  learn about our commitment to sustainability
RT  Miami dolphins officially sign RB Larry Johnson...don't get it but I'll take a vet RB...
If you don't need access to the hardware, make your mobile app browserbased.
Lots of confusion all around.
Is Nick Perry going to be playing defensive end or outside linebacker?
are you kidding me?
Absolutely!
Hyatt Regency Atlanta, Official Host Hotel of Fiesta Atlanta 2012!
I wonder what was said at the Niners defensive meeting...
I deal with stress everyday, because I have to interact with people.
Thank you for this one also.
Wow!
2 favorites in one day...1Heart
Sorry, thought it was a common expression.
Really, it's about fixing problems you have with people, is all.
Make things better.
At Seussical the Musical with :D
follow back its Marcello
awww.
There are a few around, but mine's an OG
Can't wait for the new music video , ,, :
check your email
What I would do for an Inspector Gadget car right now
just remembered us talking upstairs lol good shit
ty very much.
means a lot.
how was PHX?
u go to myst?
I hear ya.
: Good morning..
Late morning lol
true fact: when two protected accounts reply to each other, they're treated as open accounts.
We have a winner in the contest for most disgusting voyager list subject line: Discharges within the last 5 years Eewwhh.
she said she didnt see it but she about to see it now
Yessir, actually the second division of our company is an Ace Hardware/ Commericial hardware sales.
Who are you working for now?
Who's excited for the Three Stooges movie this weekend?
The juice has been squeezed, the cookies are in the oven and the coffee is brewing!!
Happy Friday
I think good side cocky, that cocky that will help the def get pumped which is what our def needs, an attitude again
you can't listen to and not dance !!!
Welcome and thank you for following us
You bought a house?
Congrats?
If U.S.
obesity trends continue, obesityrelated spending could make up 21 of all health care spending by the year 2018.
It's a pandemic.
Raleigh Radon is now a LEED Green Associate!
Ha yes.
When we were dating nick told him about me and he found me,,i guess :p
We are not in Dallas but we still love watching J.
R.
!
I've got two: Serenity Now and Marble Rye
Just had the best night ever lol
Morning, keep grinding jack ..birthday weekend...how will it go no one knows...holla...
oh ohkay thanx and if I do get the email would I be able to go to the same class as my friend Eli Sera?
of not it's ohkay
new icon, still trying to fix it tho..
yeah, probably not.
but we won last year, that's all that matters!
Would be rather playing his ukulele.
yeap i think so :
Reaching into the corporate maze for the correct person for communication certainly reestablishes the ability to practice the word PATIENCE
Seriously?!
No recommendations for Santa Barbara??
Surprised.
I can't even relax bc as soon as I say bye to micro, it's hello to this 810 pg paper and organic chemistry 
Up early in the morning going job hunting on foot....
in that case, you probably need to watch Thor too.
My life is a living proof that God is a loving God!
If you get a chance, go listin to she has amazing sound.
super talented singer/songwriter.
Shes got something 4 everyone.
Beauty isnt about having a pretty face.
Its about having a pretty mind, a pretty heart, and a pretty soul.
Hey Alistair, thanks for following me, I look forward to getting to know you better, maybe we can work together??
so finals....
yeah, straight fucked on those.
MWAH!
Big hugs for a beautiful day doll!
By 's calculations, General Electric  I are both people.
Q: How are we different?
A: I just wrote a check to the IRS.
with da gurllz jennifer RT I can't wait for the upcoming weekend :'
Call 5032414922  find out what we can do for you today!!
DAMN THESE BITCHS GOTTA BE BURNING ALL THEY TALK ABOUT IS GETTIN N GIVINGNOT CLEAN
Michael Rennie was ill the day the earth stood still
Hi Katori, I C hurt village ended its run 3/25.
Sorry we couldnt do something for our grads.
Lets be in touch for future events
ff some people.
Try to start and see where it goes from there.
yes, i'm predicting 84 and sunny.
you?
Fans seem to like the idea of Kasey joining Lady Phoenix with and Diana!
Awesome.
Maybe guys?
I love them all : 3
same!
I can't wait to read more!
Hell ya!
: HOMER ORIOLES!!!
They lead 21!!
thinks it's funny that people complain about the cold until it gets warm and they have something new to complain about.
again...i applaud adam lambert for standing up when others like me didnt have the balls to...despite the picket lines and condenment.
t y.
yep!
goes grabs bottle
what up girl:
Yes!
Looks like it is screening all night.
R U just working in a job or fulfilling a calling?
I had that coaching conversation today!!
Wall Paper Hm
Pujols: I'm taking my talents to Anaheim ...
I mean Los Angeles ...
I mean Los Angeles of Anaheim.
Test time!!
C'mon, Sun Devil!
Ha!
Well, I'll look for it but haven't worked for them yet.
Future?
Why sure...sign me up!
:
what you think about the packers clinching a playoff berth?
Awesome!
I'm looking forward to your blog post and pics of the GrandCanyon.
I'm at T 22 days!!!
has swag for still wearing basketball shorts around the town
I had to turn on my air
All the other rock was gay !!!!
woohoo!
Have a great Spring Fling!
nevermind, figured it out
Well, I still think you're hot ;
I was going to use her smile too...it's beautiful and contagious!
Traffic clogs.
This won't.
The unstoppable.
Titan toilet, by Eijer.
This billboard is what I stare at all day.
Gotta be a better view.
Twitter has allowed Poised Creation and its artists to flourish!
Thanks for all the support!
trnewprocess another option for transcribing recorded audio is
um fast food career is in the future ....
Cate: I love the description!
Grillin some chicken.
Happy Memorial day!
The service at steak n shake is terrible
doctorwing.you?
Dear Lie Detector Lady in the Toyota commercial, You ain't that fine.
me
My husband just informed me that spaghetti is bobo food.
I'd show them school ID, and they'd argue that an 18yrold could still be in HS.
crowd's going crazy right now for 's professorlePic feat.
Having Packer withdoctorwals...it's been a week since game day.
Doesn't seem right we have to wait 3 more days to be 20.

timeless, not tireless
my mind tends to be not all here and rather forgetful most of the time  I'm going to print the contract and scan it today!:
Don't you mess with That TeamButterface comment was completely out of line.
They say tha grass is greener on the other side, so I went over there and smoked that shit!
SHOVELING!
All day long, all day strong.
aw!
Well thanks!: so are you!
we have the same birthday!
Happy early birthday!
I'm turning 17.
:D
Forgetting again to bring myself back to the dogs  the trail, I cut  fold these words to fit 17 syllables instead.
Discipline and hard work
remember the wallpaper is free
AskObama 1.
Discuss your commitment to childoctorn in Early Intervention.
2.
Who can noncompliance with IDEA Part C be reported to?
Or type words correctly!!
I'm done with Twitter for today.
Thanks for the shout out, !
I can tell the taos speech went well just by the lingering buzz on twitter.
:
If you were a transformer you'd be Optimus Fine
not bad
no, US, but I can arrive and register as resident.
Kid is EU citizen.
Happy Monday.
Wishing all of you a prosperous and fun filled week.
: RT this if you've been spat upon by !
Vancouver is gorgeous and what a great place for filming
it awesome not alone is probably my favorite song that he does!!
Well his own orginal song.
I love somewhere only we know.
FEBRUARY TWENTYNINTH??
Impossible!
How are you celebrating in the office?
Any birthdays?
we brought and to
Question for authors: for a book advance, do you have to pay taxes on the whole thing, or only the amount you got after 15 commission??
Lol I say  oh crap  for every thing : I'd do thumbs up but Idk how .
Oh crap !
I need to learn .
Oh crap !
Imma learn something : yay !!
Thanks for the follow!
Best, Matthew
beautiful legs!
Thanks for the retweet girl.
Need a twitter lesson soon....
we should get UncleDenisTheWanted trending!
: lol
OH: He's like, almost Medicare age
nice!
i havent had that one
idk.
you tell me!
Welcome New Friends!
No different than a community garden a shared localized social hub helps us all promote local Pdx Events Pass along
I had to choke a nigga out during Ellen Degeneres
We are deeply saddened by the tragic bus accident on Indy's southeast side.
Our hearts go out the victims and their families.
: : HELLO SUMMER and hello dance.
Exactly :
just not working today.
Trying to update apps all I get is Error 13 and Error 100.
Watching the game through the MarchMadness website means that fast action pays get choppy.
blogchat not how I'd want to spend my life ;
That's what that is
OMFG I just remembered tomorrow iss the day...
Scared :I
what's that email again?
: lol
When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie  you're a member of a minority  it was thrown at you by a caucasian, that's a hate crime
heading to home visits and listening to car ride with Alli and bay haha if only my car was headin to the lake
I can finally park a car/truck in our garage along with the motorcycles and mowers.
Only took 2 years to get it all done.
i'm not excited for finals
Hands down, best concert I've never been to.
1,000 words to freedom.
although i think i'm off to bed for the night to get up early to finish this biotch.
What am I doing?
Just brewing some coffee in the lounge train car.
Why do you ask?
Oh, it's Ethiopian Yirgacheffe from Intelligentsia.
I need to get me a girlfriend before shit gets real......on 2nd thought...i dont know about all that...haha
Today is just not my day..
Thank you!
Thanks much for the support.
Mfs Doin don't like remixes  Just rather listen to keef !
The NOLA Teachers Gathering may be postponed.
Stay tuned  we'll let you know as soon as we get an update from Swan River.
ok.
You didn't come to HSL?
electrical connector
Thanks for the exposure for !
I love when my puppy takes naps w/ me .
I love you.
Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me.
But I still believe someday you will 3 33
sure why not...you have nikki to partner up with!
gonna check it out!
Sending some Mile High Magic your way from Denver.
Good luck to you and tonight!
good luck boo :
My goalTo go on the show wipeout before I die
I'm always too excited to sleep the night before...!!
Hey, look.
Snow...in December.
If only they would read this stuff.
your a blonde too?
:D yay lol
Can you bedazzle someone's reputation?
And is that a positive thing?
great insights at bnchmister abt millenials...so true that for them that there's no offline
My lips are sealed.
REMINDER: The submissions deadline for the next issue of SMILE, HON, YOU'RE IN BALTIMORE!
is Friday, August 13, 2010!
San Francisco, CA Need females for photoshoot.
Nudity involved.
lol and I told u we was gone beef it up!
lol
Hello Rockers, i know U have 2b busy, same here.
I was wondering if U received my last email?
I think I have Big Hit Lyrics
Arizona is backstabbing that's why I'm going to Florida!
convo on the light rail
I don't think I can get one.
I'm gone too long :
I used to think I'd measure my success by having my own bobblehead.
Then I learned you can have them made.
Success is mine.
In 2545 days.
weirdfactaboutme i'm a cuddler.
i love to cuddle, but im also claustrophobic xD
are OCLC's wellintentioned practices report, the stereogranimator, etc.
harbingers of a freer era in archival digitization?
are you going to teen hoot?:
thanks.
didnt have 2 testify today but will have 2 eventually when get to next trial.
luckily went in n was excused n minutes.
Hi Jerry!
Glad you like our Downtown Center so much!
We enjoy having you as a part of our community!
You ever think does Tom from myspace be on facebook/Twitter and does da persons who made facebook n Twitter be on myspace lol
Guess what!
I'm going to post a review today!!
man just got to da house cooling where the music
i keep bangin on u niggaz..finger on the trigger mane..WUTANG
Great service today at Great energy and music.
Had fun playing doctorms with our new pianist Seth!
you da best
Thanks for the follow, Orlando.
I will check out your website.
Looks fascinating.
While they were a player or before?
A Van Canuck?
follow me?:
the Prayer Pilgrimage in Washington.
Martin Luther King spoke.
Agreed.
Hate I have to wait for the finale  stupid vacation.
;
Yo wussup freaks n shit im playing this set in half an hour at zebulon..
Its free.
Out eisenballs
thanks for listening man.
Congrats to UB's own Nina Gay for winning Best Hair Stylist: Womens Cut for !
People still call people privately?
Coulda sworn this was 2012.
cool.
I still want to see a movie.
I don't care how late it is
Thanks for the RT :
...Pinhead will not shut up!
V
cant wait to rock out today at the stage  4pm
do you just randomly tweet whatever pops into that small brain of yours?
I just with fell in love with One Direction.
3
Household Hazardous Waste doctorpOff event will be held on Sat, Apr 30, from 9a.m.
to 2p.m., at the Polytechnic, Falls Rd and Cold Spring Lane
Need new roomates
He threw 20s at me, I feel like a stripper.
Hi Frank, I got your email reply to follow you here and just wanted to introduce myself.
we need to get a ceddy Nash interview
Blue what you doing?...cleaning...spraying air fresher is not cleaning...im cleaning the air, freshening the air.
Great start to the season
see comment on blog.
OomfNeedsTo sit down!
You know she's official, when it's unofficial  she's still loyal .
Jealous!
where were you all 12 months ago during my LSE exams?
: at least I had
lol that shit always happens too me on FB n'shit, I be like wtf hold up, time out.
im not s4s but they don't are at all.
i will interrupt more than your sleep next time
This revolution in the science of youth is made possible because of the intersection of bioengineering technology and years of product
All stressed out and no one to choke.
Our newest releases on Beatport getting massive play right now: The Beat ChemistFunky N Nasty ; George Centeno  Dj TatianaBeautiful Day
Its funny when something is on tv and everyone post about it on twitter
I laughed!
SHUT UP!!!
is calling fans to say hello.
that's frikkin awesome.
MCR...
Is slit a throat for that gig...
Really?
says National Review w/out Derb is like Johnny Walker black without the hangoverwhat we've been fantasizing about.
Thanks for the retweet Mike!
You go girl!
Love that you're doing this!
like 11 last night.
Thank you for the mention!
it's for the new menards store out by 65.
Great game MSU!
First bubble bath tonight in way too long.
Please let there be a bubble bath in Africa!
;
My bad Im late but wahoooo!!!
I watched the beat St.
Paul Johnson!!
Oh boy, I'm stuffed!!!
I just hope that you miss me a little when im gone
Hi!
I applied for the Sustainability Coordinator position, listed on the website on April 19th.
U go to church?
Hm.
Where do u go?
RT Enjoyed church today...even more Enjoyable seeing Dallas Clark worshipping there also
Very welcomed!
...
goes to cuddle with Ant
: Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future.
Only 23 days till Thanksgiving!
Get your holiday pie orders in early!
Oakland!
I was in Hayward for it, but Oaktown's seriously my favorite city these days.
I'm sure your rates are great but unless you're willing to explode our brand with upfront work I just can't pay you right now :
and beasted another workout They might transfer to Denver East to play football
Oof.
Too early for that talk!
:  fabulous!
I trust you discussed regression analysis
Blowing bubbles at old farm day in Fluvanna.
rapin' my ES200 final then studying all day for primate..
so close to being done
5001 odds on 'tree of life' for best pic.
Put 25 bucks down.
Anything but the artist
foolow me so i can dm you
and are the best big 3 in basketball right now
guess I'm coming too!
Haha
Sometimes the only thing you can do is cry.
Thank you!
tis just sum crazy shit my x bf kimo is tryin to holla at me again wut should i do start let him ask me out again to the left to the left.
YES!
RT I need to get off facebook and twitter and make this props and costumes list.
I know why loves me.
I took his avatar photo.
Don't worry , Joe still loves you.
cc
: Michigan became a state 175 years ago today.
Happy Birthday Michiganders everywhere!
yay !

At the best place yuu qaould be at today teamJesus
Just got an email from a good female friend of mine who claims to be killing it on the dating scene recently.
Any idea what that means?
whole authorization thing has gotten out of hand, makes you not want to ring up another
I'm about 2 miles from one...heading there as soon as the oscars are over
you flip flop more than a fish...
Thought you were
On my Monday hustle...
you name it darling
tears of the sun is such a good movie
Any advice about moving to Alaska???
THIS IS MY 2,000th TWEET!
I meed to get a life....
You re an Oldskoolrat if u ain't part of any social network
With God everythings are possible
Making me laugh with the VDN love!!
LOL....I'm a huge fan of your show!
Just sent in my Eva The Bartender script cant wait to hear the feedback!
Worked hard on what my feedback was last time!
yeah u!
And wuts dat dark box symbolize?
cool!
Pass along the kit if you know anybody who might be interested.
lol well it's not just about yu sheesh
n'aww thank your for the FF :' muchaprreciated BFF
UK baseball is 8 in the latest NCBWA Poll.
So the Bat Cats are 2, 4, 5, and 8 in the 4 major college baseball polls.
I am about to begin an institute on IT Policy for Student Affairs Practitioners
is a great fit and will be a good addition.
Lots of good brainstorming happened today  really excited!
:
...
and the bank is closed extra long because Easter?
What glorious timing 
Success should never be taken for granted.
It can go away a lot quicker than it comes.
Cherish it  keep working hard to keep it.
Dude...I can't remember the last time I signed into words with friends lol I do fail, I'll admit it
oprah her email: .
Looking fabulous in that pink doctorss.
Wisdom just pours out of her!
I got a call across the sea that marked the end of summer...
From Soldier Field:Punter Tim Masthay tackled Devin Hester and saved a touchdown.
Masthay is a first year punter from Kentucky
I hope I have time to bake today.
I want to make a quiche from scratch and banana nut or zucchini bread.
Cynthia bold tonight I see.
it's songs like these that make me wish that i could carry a tune.
singing like the stepsisters from cinderella 
Feels great to finally be back in a real gym
I couldnt have picked a more perfect place to experience a true tropical Hawaiian vacation for my first family vacation....
Dinner with my mom...maybe she can put some purpose back in my life.
Nuggets doin work on the Jazz!
Pegasus Sunday Punch Bourbon, Orange Juice, Lemon, Lime, Mint  Sugar
Hi there!
Tks for the follow!
:
Thanks John!
Happy Friday!!
I'm officially a Trials ninja!
Because I'm a lemming when it comes to twitter...
RT : Let's get the ball rolling on this
IT'S SMALL BUSINESS SATURDAY!
Come on in for a burger on your shopping break....Christmas lights on 34th St, check it out
Announcement: We are opening for 311 and SUBLIME this SATURDAY at RIVERBEND in Cincinnati!!!!!!
5 PM Start Time!
Spread the good news!
i dont think so.
Im trying to keep it a secret.
Also her mom just lost her baby so she is having a rough time right now.
Come in  square off against the Chef.
If you win, he'll buy you a Peroni.
Are people downtown retarded today?
Garsh!
Pay attention!
DAMN YOU visiting middle schooler who got that stupid One Direction song stuck in my head again!
THREE DAYS IN A ROW NOW!
NONSTOP!
Watched 's AskABlackMan episode and are my fav with regards to dialogue
Heart can stop pounding now that reservations at Chez Panisse have been secured
If you have voted or are going to vote for let us know so we can add your name to the I voted list!
oh my god .
i think i see a tornando forming.
Review billing statements line by line to check for errors.
Dispute charges that do not belong.
via Financial Basics Bootcamp
going to the mall by yourself is ALOT like going to a club/bar by yourself; pickup lines, winks...it's a meat market out there!
wat bout u :
I can't wait each week to see your smiling face.
Love seeing the fun you have on the set.
Hugs to you and all the Fox Guys!
glad to follow hugh fam!
And hey, happy birthday!
My summer goal is to get abs like the girls from cheer athletics.
mostly after the rule was enacted.
Again, not a perfect rule, would prefer not to have it, but it has made some difference
EPL refs have been watching too many How to Ref in the MLS videos
ImThatPersonWho will be there if you need to talk even if we are in a fight or argument
Lol don't act like you ain't had that problem
Just convinced my mom not to go to work Friday or Saturday.
Better safe than sorry.
The gotdamn dump trucks all ready out
Hello.
Another record guy here at about 10,000 strong.
Hope you doing well!!
Back in MKE after the fun  sun at SpringTraining with Brewers.
Glad I wasn't like doctorw this morning who
You sure that's right?
I can run that far in 35 minutes!
Must be a typo
Where can I find excellent movie torrents?
Daedalus Books will be missed!
yes she did bt that chick deserved every bit of wat gave her.
for some reason I have a feeling every one is going to get 30s on their second dance.
Thanks for the RT!
HOLIDAY FASHION TIP: Navy  Black make a great color combo, despite your possible past misconceptions!
Hey friends, we news your help!
Help us reach our 1,000 follower mark by RT and telling your friends to follow!
Thanks!!!
i hope tomorrow wakes up.
: mister.Coleslaw doctorgged me into the store Anthropolgie.
It's a real life Pinterest.
so true!
I can accept failure, but I can't accept not trying.
Michael Jordan
Heading out for a dinner featuring authentic Metro DC cuisine.
Wonder what that'll be?
Probably not a halfsmoked, but still tasty...

all babies look andoctorgynous
Be a fan of i am lol
what D:
Thank you Spencer : RT : are you the true actress Teemaree
TY for ur RT abt this Wed's DesignBizChat 10 am ET  All about Collaboration  creating it, making it work, using it to succeed
Classic family movie night.
congrats and say hi every now and again
Oh shit I'm listening to Stacy's Mom.
This new case is so sick
Walk the bases loaded one final time, I say!
RT : No one knows if Wood will retire before the game or after the game, though.
my last day is next Thurs but have to come next Fri for senior breakfast!
we have to hang out before I leave for college!!!
This is you RT : You need directions to build your Lego's?
Minutes left to catch: Vision Boards Change Lives See your goals and doctorams before your eyes  southfloridaalerts.com
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
I was sitting outside on my lunch break with my empty cup of coffee next to me and someone tossed in a quarter.
MLINY.
I'm very interested in being nominated 4 ur wellness home initiative!
Thank u 4 doing such a wonderful thing!
Now that we have internet, I can get on with my day.
But first, lunch at PF Chang's, where food is 15 off today in honor of Tax Day.
M.
Not doctornk enough to handle this right now; not to mention people use me..
Ah well.
want more but I'm not in Austin!
Wisdom consists in knowing what to do with what you know
Thanks Matthew.
It's hard to keep up with this stuff :
In the pockets of Big Entertainment, apparently.
excited 2 b part of hyperlocal socialmedia panel this Thursday in Leesburg.
topic: How to hire a social mediaskilled professorssional
nah, I just walked away
Thank you very much from the bottom of my heart.
I have truly enjoyed being your quarterback P.
Manning
Send the moonlight to a friend.
lucky!
I should get a job :P
lol they better not!!
she sounded annoying anyways :P
the muchies?
Those are new to me.
bahahaha.
I am down although with the caveat that I take my comps in April so I'm going to be in and out til then.
Follow you, follow me; thanks for making the connection, folks
Writing today.
Editing tonight.
Headache and runny nose..
can't breathe..
help!
So ready for bed!!:
you got a nice sense of ass in those khakis
well, these Jewels ain't gonna Factor themselves.
Wait.
This is not a math game.
This is not my beautiful house!
Thanks, Tim.
Yeah, but being 29 for 20 years is starting to get a little, well, old.
My doctorma class was too funny today, can I just go back to it or?
parade over, dang it was only 2 and a half hours :o its usually longer but oh well it was fun :
Kyle, bright and vivacious is an apt description
Sorta late...night is young!
nice quote!!
Wondering when Internet will shake up China's regime since Chinese gov seems to have more control on the Web
It seems like they all are these days.
But even if not, sign up is free and easy for them.
that's not fair!
Ticketmaster sucks!
Ok question...Which place has better milkshakes...Chickfila or SteakNShake?
Roses are red, Violets are blue, The sun shows their beauty, But true beauty is in you.
I suppose you got part of your wish.
And this is why I followed Tim Tebow since he was a Florida Gator!
He's an amazing person and player!
I haven't slept yet
So all of you people who call me a hipster can go fuck yourselves because I make shit all the goddamn time.
Joseph GordonLevitt
When ur best isnt good enough 
Can we dedicate a day to doing doctorgs and scouring as many books as we can get our hands on?!
Just came all the way up here and my appointment is tomorrow..
wow omg , today sucks /:
Divided We Fail: subject of today's regional forum.
We'll be discussing equity  commcollege completion rates in LA County.
Today Phil's Friends is hosting 99 Chicago Public School Students at our office who pack care packages for our patients
Hello!
Can you please DM us with your first  last name, as well as the date you won?
Thank you!
10/5 Soup Special: Shrimp Chowder with Apple Smoked Bacon  Shaved Green Onion
I'm gonna make you a mixtape.
mister jones, can suck on deez nuts.
only a day away.
DiscountedCandyDay is Awesome!!!:
it'll go 6 or 7 I'm not worried...
Yet
Thanks to mister and mister.
Lynch of for allowing use to coordinate their clientappreciationevent.
What a success!
Fuck.
I can't get it to work!!!
DX I even tried deleting apps, but NOO!!
I'll try turning it off then back on again.
And he has no clue the the tears that fall are because of him..my bestfriend3
Bummed to miss both you!
yea Blake is special needs
Lol me and jr like last time?
yeah I don't have a problem with her lol she's cool
...
Did Raul go over?
lmfao , what if she finds out you did it ?
:O
mahonefact Austin loves funny girl, cute, has a sweet smile n beautiful eyes : ME AUSTIN :D
dude miss u right now man, we need to chill like fucking son.
Is everyone disgruntled today?
My NATITUDE is briefly extinguished with the L but the Nats still won the series and still lead the NL East!
RT Producer  I are proud to announce that is a finalist , screening next week!
Getting ready to do sound check in NYC with guitarist and designer
yes yes yes.
should be doing a mailing this week.
HA HA!!!
Can you spray tan?
Many designs are unique but that doesn't necessarily mean that they look good.
The GSIII just doesn't.
chutney is traditionally served with samosas
50.00 OFF Jan Marini Skin Care System !
With purchase of Series of Enzyme Glycolic Peel.
Call today for a FREE consultation!
6870778
According to my mother 10:30 is almost lunch time
Oh my god, someone entertain me before I die.
K, thanks.
And we're back!
came from Way Out Here to the beach for PB!
Are yall ready to sing to Beer On The Table?
RT : Congrats Caldwel Van Riper.
2 Gold Addy awards for Indy Connect, including Best of Show.
ALL LOCALS GET IN FOR 5!!!
21 DANCES ALL NIGHT
Gotta call from my bro good to have u back in Pac kidd
I have a delicious muffin you might enjoy.
I'm DJing tonight.
Word has it, I'm going mainstream for all the bachelorettes in the building.
I got some bangers in store though:
Panelists are testifying on Changing Norms Within Families, Communities, and Systems.
Are there any other Idol must sees?
crossword puzzles are too easy.
Then again, look who reads the Red Eye...
what's up bro you said to hit you up for not details about getting on stage...
We're looking for golfers who want to make a difference!
Visit www.actioncoachforsuccess.com/golf to learn more.
I am throwing a local show in Los Angeles, CA so we can start printing.
Any bands out there down to play?
WOW!!!!
I JUS HAD THE BEST  RITE NOW
RT fordla Loved the show congratulations to all!
Innovative, engaging and physical.
Great stuff.
Let's go HOUNDS.
Today's BTU inspiration: It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
e.e.
cummings
you don't have one.
The student speaker Doug Luffborough I blew Clinton away Northeastern, '92
I just threw up in my mouth.
RT : i shudder to think of a pacerssixers eastern conference final.
coming up a sit down with Kidd.
Honored to be included in that group.
Thanks for all you do, Susan!
Have a great week!
ewww took a liquid instead .;
So who is partying in the infield?
How's the scene with all this heat?
is at the AFP548 event.
did u see that td boo
NewYork or Disney?
boringness follows me every where:/
thanks brother!
How's the ankle healing up?
: of course!
just let me know when  I'll be there :D
youll get there soon young one
some peoples twitter is getting hacked, meanwhile Im juss here like its not gonna happen to me.
Now my Tumblr gets hacked and Im leaving.
love dis man..
I wanna go out and have an adventure.
people in line near me at the grocery store talkin bout how much fatter ppl in the suburbs are
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
haha nice!
Kansas is gonna have a hard time against the unibrow...
That dude is sick
When follows me I will be known as Miniwinner, WINNING, much like Stunting, is a habit!
ehh maybe not, i don't have money to spend there anyways haha
BioShockInfinite has been delayed until sometime in 2013.
Plenty of time for me to go back and play the first two again.
mayhem rocks!!!!
So....the entire 59th st subway station along the 4, 5, 6, N, Q, R tracks is filled with thick heavy smoke from a burning building above.
cool, I actually did get the one you were talking about and replied to it, you must not have gotten that one.
I'll send again now
Just got hit in the face by a door.
Wow x.o
I love just who you are, I ain't gon' try to change ya.
You are a shooting Star, That's why you are my favorite
reese witherspoon's doctorss looks like a barbie gown.
also, her hair is a hot mess.
It's the taste level of the Under Armour brand that contributes to this.
Give me the Nike 7 on any day.
27 credits down, 15 to go.
Getting used to making marketing calls thoughh!
Thanks!!
Just landed.
Will keep you posted!
Xoxo
touring thru NM at the end of march and thinking about chai from and mac n cheese from
i am glad u are happy mami
My dad forgot to plug in the fryer.
That's why it wasn't working!
: : Future ft Snoop Dogg.
Homicide myish
SOMEDAY yu will see this tweet..
Will that SOMEDAY me now?
3 6
I want to go back to when i was little.
Everything was so great back then.
Sad you got eliminated, you are awesome!
made a mistake.
Can't wait to buy your album
yeah that could of also been the problem lol
Get High...I'm Releasing My Official Single Today  2...Free Download
I met Rick story
: I wanna see that new show beavisandbutthead xD ' New?
You fail.
I love my Trini's I swear we stick together no matter what.
Follow respect Trini Massive we run tings
If love hides behind every corner I'm def walking around in circles.
Happy Voting Day!
It takes a real indivisual to understand how to keep it REAL ..RemembaThat!!!
was recently reminded that luck comes from the convergence of timing and preparation

hey thanks for the tweet big guy.
Will the Gronkster be okay for the SB?
whenever i am craving some juicy gossip i always go right to you guys!
u guys are amazing..keep up the good work!
:
Hello, Friday.
You are always welcome around these parts.
haha, not really.
just wishing i was more interesting these days.
RT : How do you feel about airline fees like Southwest's new 10 EarlyBird boarding fee?
Send me your thoughts.
Top runners now making the turn at Picnic Point.
No word on our leader is.
Do you sell telecom products  services?
Would you like 100 of the professort from your customers?
Call us on 0844 880 2010 for details.
Day 1 at the gym was a success.
I'm ready for the intense workout tomorrow.
So was the surprise that he was performing on the voice...or the release date...or the surprise hasn't came yet?
I know, but Ed was an undergrad teacher of mine, so I'm just paparazzi'ing the book.
Bauhaus Uni.
Hi from Berlin
my bad didn't knw u wuld want to come
Thanks to all those that made the first week of ChicagoSoupCompany a success  we completely sold out of all product this week!!
I hate ppl think your tweets be about them !!
Watchout , you ain't that special
Thanks, love the exhibit!
Thinking about generic tree structures and templates instead of class/genre specific moves and playbooks
They keep tryna make me take a shot called.
Vegas Bomb should I?
check you out!
Me too!
Haha.
Good motto
here's the kicker.
They're cucumbers.
Not pickled.
But the others are great.
And sando is spot on
I'm looking for law firms that are doing a great job with LinkedIn  Any recommendations?
If you are on LI, what is your biggest challenge?
did...did you...change your...icon?
My last day was Friday !
Yes !
Feels good lol
Where are you?
Cause I've been there...Pump it Up?
u looked surprised when said BITCH :
hey can u do meeh n a favor?
A confident person eats out alone and goes to the movies alone!
My SuperShuttle is listening to Win.
um im lost...in kentucky
We shared a shot of Jack in Madison, WI in 2008!!
Hoping tomorrow night in MKE at your solo set we can have a repeat?!?
Nothing better than presenting an interaction on a call, and having everyone go O like Wade just doctorpped the game winner
Yes I wrote it last week.
I did peruse Open Cover Letters too.
Thanks!
lol idk bro.
I gotta think.
so who's ironman?
and yeah I think you're the hulk lol
.
I'm proud!
Now come home so you won't miss the next party...!!
Why does my tummy feel like this?!
yes!
That's why I said it.
:p
YES the 1st Amendment Party but also check out NPR's Party at the Gibson Guitar Center first
Sharing my plan for creating jobs at the SD EDC mayoral forum.
At the summit, we will have a faculty comprised of Mike Michalowicz, Nell Merlino and Michelle Villalobos.
They will gather periodically...
And the angel said unto him, Stop hitting yourself.
But low he could not.
For the angel was hitting him with his own hands.
We are rockin tonight , lovin your jams : : : !
hope you are enjoying mine .
thanks and happy holidays !
Hahaha alright, well you should try one of them then!
Social media tip for businesses: Interact with your audience even on the weekends.
Five minutes a day will build engagements and connection
I might be the most responsible doctornk, as I am ironing my clothes for work tomorrow.
mystrangeaddiction So disgusting!
RT : Q2 : Where would you travel to have your special travel moment?
What would it be?
I found a few ants in the kitchen this morning.
Thankfully I had some Terro liquid bait.
Best product I've used hands down!
I'm as bored as a fat kid with a plate of carrots.
If i meet at warped tour I'm going to start crying and hug him super duper tight3
we're back in full force from our hiatus.
new flavors coming soon!
LOL!
Hey you should have come here on Friday, I bought everyone shots.
You always miss out
RT : Submit and He'll do the impossible!
:
Idk what's worse: a Cat Lady or a Woman who feeds the pigeons at the park.
Hmm
one that doesn't permit ppl like you :
No mans knowledge here can go beyond his experience.
Calling my mom betty randomly 
sounds like someone else we knoww hmm
Amazing band name of the day: Evil Panini.
A great Movie.
Jude Law was funny in that.
I watch it a hundoctord times.
This is why I don't like dating people
Nothing is in good taste unless it suits the way you live.
Billy Baldwin
thank you am very friendly like your hugs ;
I wonder if Austin's hair is soft.
Just saw the lucky one..it was so good and really hit home on a lot of issues today!
Why do my childoctorn insist of doing what I've told them NOT to do 100 million times a day?
There should be a pill to prevent that!
InstantTurnOn: football or baseball players.
what good brah
I despise horror movies, so i won't be joining you in that, but have fun!
muahahaha
Do you use Sunday's to relax or to get prepared for the upcoming week?
Thanks for sending the link.
Great stuff!
although i am a little disappointed in the form factor man I encourage u 2 take the plunge the 4S is nice  it feels new again
Hey baby
Balsamic vinegar, xtra virgin olive oil, freshsqueezed lime juice, a splash of white wine, rock salt, freshground pepper.
Yum!
Movie chasing.
A couple of blockbusters slated for production in 2010 might film in ABQ!
so excited for the weekend...I need a lay in!
Will Richardson says that it is up to librarians to help keep the love of learning alive in kidshelp them 2 tap into their passions
Let's roll some PaperPlanes for this game.
RT : Many thx to for putting on a great conference!
Pleasure meeting new faces and sponsoring the After...
those look A LOT better than the last ones.
How are all of my news stations talking about mundane things when there are riots going on in London?
Internet is a far superior news source
And another ff to Thanks for the retweets  mentions!
Scholarship recipients will be notified TODAY!
watch out!
Check out our new page and let us know what you think!
P.S.
One month 'til the opening of our 2012 season!
I know it frees up a lot of time.
I think its a matter of time before it explodes
I'm hungry AF
a little hunger games, then quality pillow time..
today was such a long day, and another one tomorrow.
Me: We needa get some coke Maggie: what kinda coke Bro sniff sniff Hahaha Me: like doctornking coke :
My little brother graduates from MSU tonight!
Marco Valenzuela is a superb computer graphics artist!
Thanks for being with Poised Creation from the beginning!
In a lot of ways makes sense.
People spend a lot more time on social then home pages.
soundtrack scream as Scully finishes her joke, removes sunglasses.
Tht was a short tribute but I loved it....now here come the pink Barbie messing up the flow
Matt forte got the bitch runningback
Couldn't make it to 12ntc this year, so I'm joining virtually today.
Looking forward to the sessions!
Thanks for the follow!
I'm excited to exchange insight and ideas on here.
Humble yourself before the Lord and He will lift you up
Reminder to attendees, tomorrow is deadline for making hotel reservations  conference rate.
Protip: check nonconf rates, too!
Thats true homie we dont even no if is going to happen though if you know what I mean?
Spending the f After party in a car back to Dallas.
What was your favorite band today?
I LOvEd !!
Hands down!
BIG congrats to , Maestro Riccardo Muti  entire for recently completed  triumphant tour of Russia  Italy
Thank you for being awesome  satisfied customer
Met with a Project Manager and Digital Marketing experts today...
things are going well.
BELOW THE BRIM is on the move
LUNCH.
Phew.
Studio Packages Available  Platinum Room Studio!
Recording  Mixing...
Inbox for info!
I have a hunch there is a flaw in Twitter usability, when I constantly find myself switching back to the old layout, just so it will work.
WTF THERE'S A SPIDER IN MY REARVIEW MIRROR TOO!
by the by!?
You guys partying your faces off or what?!
u can txt me if u want
We are no longer happy so soon as we wish to be happier
he is a fine man.
He could talk to me and I would melt.
MELT.
I'd put on heels for that man.
I'm so freaking tired of this.
It's making me insane.
Yo gets out of a bases loaded jam!
76 pitches through 4.
Live, love, laugh because we only go through this life once.
Make every minute count.
have a great day, too!
The People have spoken,...
And We Have Taken Our Country Back....!!!
the music or the 'condiment'?
am I allowed to say that?
Nice to meet you Sarah!
At breakout sessionWhat does authentic assessment mean?
Brunettes vs blondes message me who is better
no problem man
That Jawn Crazy in my reese voice
Awesome!
Makes the challenge well worth it.
: BHO will have more flexibility after the election, no worries....Not!
flexibility head up ass kiss by
RT my life is gospel and my music is me...!
Just saw that you'll soon be joining us in the Emerald City  excited to meet a Twitter friend face to face this summer!
Who's been by to see our new art exhibition, Forces of Nature?
We'd love to hear what you think of it!
Forgot how damn redeeming the Replacements can be.
Grooveshark has to be the best La La alternative
My Favorite Female Artists: Ellie Goulding, Adele, Skylar Grey  Tegan And Sara...
Shit.
Just.
Got.
Real.
Go by today and tell them I sent ya for 20 off your purchase!
The roses are GORGEOUS!!
You need freshflowers!
take on me....take on me
Follow me back?
HRResourcePortal.com  HR Vendor: 10 per month, minimum 3 month listing.
Your Company, URL, Email link, 80 word description, searchable.
and you know I'll keep pushing you all until I see you where you belong.
Doesn't it hurt to see me now?
sucksforyou 
Yeah Leyland!
Leave him in for another batter, won't you?
everybody needa get off Young Moneys nuts.
Actin like its tha best label and shit.
Get yo mainstream ass outta here and listen to real shit
RT : Once you go through it you'll believe it, and you'll never give a woman more than you want her to leave with.
budden
I'm LOLing at my friends who want me to pick them up from Churchill right now
yes we do.
We are home every evening and off Saturday and Sundays...let me know.
Childbirth classes help inform pregnant women about risks/benefits of being induced, but there is decreasing attendance in the US.
The Iconathon is all about creating symbology for the world we want to live in.
Hurricane Irene has passed through my area.
What did it do?
ABSOLUTELY NOTHING!
At least you got a phone.
Stop bitching about everything.
Just added to the wfx expo floor SKB Cases
: Real estate in Brooklyn allow bklynfood scene to afford kitchen space  storefront.
Where's that in DC?
/ mt.p pls?
I can be the king and you can be the queen
Looked in the mirror and saw Joe Pesci.
Just ate a Snickers and I'm back to normal.
phew
ONLY 45 MINUTES FROM ATLANTA AIRPORT
I wanna settle down, quit bein so flirty.
Just beat Gary, Mike and Paolo in 9ball.
Easily.
is there a correlation between sanity and network bandwidth?
welcome back!'
I hate you BABIP
I just spent 160 dollars on groceries.
Eating in forever
random event of the day covering RG3 in NYC...I ran into Gilbert Arenas...he wouldn't give me an interview though...damn!!!
....the underrepresentation of women directors is a national issue.
You know, I actually don't get that sense in Chicago.
Wow Rinaldi is a goon.
Who up?
Academic lectures or popular talks?
And now the family is gone and I am all alone again with baby.
It's kind of nice but super sad.
Hey I love the striping pic of ya lol I wish I was there
Bitches ain't shit but they ain't saying nothing I beez in the trap!
My dad, said he has not yet reached his peak in life.
Now THAT is an entrepreneurial/optimistic/confident outlook.
Love it.
The Betsey Johnson store on Melrose Ave.
is closing down.
40 sale
just doctorpped bootylicious destinys child wow, and they loved it!
because you are gay?
WhatIWantThisSummer is the same thing as always: to make a million dollars and get skinny.
I feel like this is my summer.
Roach just wants that pay day.
WeWereCoolUntil you decided not to trust me and trust a shit talker...
RT Did an interview abt social media tdy and confessed sometimes keeping up w/it makes me feel overwhelmed.
Right?
Perspective  Foreign markets account for 73 of world purchasing power, 87 of it's econ growth, and 95 of all it's customers
Best thing about Saabs is that they are, well Saabs and nothing else.
I'm watching Gothika and am not enjoying Gothika.
using the word worst for worse is worse
so sweet bless
that message I just sent 
your game is sick man!
keep it up and you'll an all star in 2 years.
I'm sure you'll dunk on Lebron or Wade in the playoffs!
16 more days til new album Fortune is released ah its almost here yay!!!!!!!!
: Seriously the trending thing is getting really annoying .
fereal honestly it has a point somtime but sometime it dont:
What time does Dilliard's New Years Day sale start in the ATL?
why you not at school?
surfing...
Truss!!
: Everything you ever told me was just a lie.
but now all these dumb bitches are up on my TL...lol jk
Blue Bloods On dvd What U See
When I'm in clinic it's my FP clinic so all is good, I'm talking about when I'm on the floors doing my inpt.
surgery rotation.
On a roll developing ideas/syllabus for my summer teen internship program.
Super excited!!
Um no Etta James?
What.
We'll be playing LoseMyNumber's farewell show on March 4th at Mojoes!
Come hang!
follow us
When your legs get weak, run with your heart  late gym sesh
Who wants to join the Bobby Petrino motorcycle club?
that's beautiful!
and i've been good.
i finally saw my Red Hot Chili Peppers 333
RT : But now in Christ Jesus you who once were far off have been brought near by the blood of Christ.
Ephesians 2:13
Once u stopped giving a fuck it's hard to care again
you used to
Great given the limited time you had.
Marche  Turkle didn't seem interested in representative data.
Fringe cases are sexier.
Good morning world
thank u for guest moderating legalchat today!
Have a great weekend!
cheers!
Yeah.
I didn't know that at first.
At the City's budget discussion with students.
So far, city officials outnumber students.
u know...
germany haz nothing fun 2 do...
soso.
i feel sad.
whats your name?
I've never even doctorven the one I have now...
doctorve to orlando today.
Philip ArmourTo do great things is difficult; but to command great things is more difficult
Getting ready for a party!
Gonna catch up with some old friends
just put me on a new game 
Well duh, the OKC Thunder are a better, more complete team.
Erbody knows that.
Those black hipsters can BALL.
Only cuz I'm high cloud10
Holding on....
Chronicle's been making an online mess for a while.
Halfbaked blogs are not the same as serious editorial content.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to you!
love what Paul just said about NOT wanting to run anything.
thanks, looking to do more events in the future
There is a large contingent of Norwegian architects touring our office right now
Did I just watch Ike open the button and Nanoko fold A8 in the BB?
Gotta favorite that shit to remind myself not to hurt this little girl
Was told I look thinner today!
daymade ;P
6/11 11:35 PM  Onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Chuck Nice
I just wrapped my show this weekend.
thatweirdbittersweetfeeling THE UNDERPANTS has closed.
good as long as you don't look like this girl...stumbling n buckling all over the place  and she's sober!
Bike rack on bus frozen closed.
Solution?
Corned Beef is awesome.
So can we finish what we started, don't you leave me brokenhearted tonight
lol me too!
I need to feel the birthday spirit...haha
He also has a Twitter account.
And a bad haircut.
Myy dadd called me ..
kind of made myy night :
did you say im a shit talker?
Live show tomorrow?
awesome!
On the countdown.
Look forward to your session, Jeff!
AwI used to love those!
That's where I learned to write a check.
RT : At junior achievement!!
these 2nd graders are so cute!
Edcamps are place to meet, learn, reflect, and ideally improve.
Happy mothers day to the married moms, divorced moms, and the widowed moms.
Yall are so amazing don't forget it!
Thank you for all you do!
MMMMMAAAAACCCYYYY!
yay, you have a twitter.
:
already wide awake
Rosa bound with big brother..happy mother's day to all da mama's out there 3
Good Morning!!!
Don't forget to smile today!!
oomf  One Of My Followers
How goes it my friend?
its a great day!
the rain cant stop me!
Someone told me I was lucky I had NonHodgkins Lymphoma better than breast cancer funny thing I was set to die both times.
That's funny
Back in ATL for Teen Wolf
Hey, there is Hotsex, Groupsex, safesex, phonesex, speedysex, crazysex and for people wid ur face  NO SEX!
Good thing me and each have a friend now!!!
Also just noticed the oxymoronic/simply moronic nature of declaring something 'free prepaid!'
Please take pity on me.
Although I've been fist pumping to the music samples this evening...
I'm not going.
i don't know but I can't wait till I find out.
Too early to pull out the Sharpie???
Recording music video day 1 over at 2 am what !!!
leaving tomorrow, back on 7/29, staying at Royal Sonesta Hotel
beware of the Best Frontcourt in the NBA: Melo, Stat, Chandler
My toe hurts.
No, sadly in Milwaukee doesn't have Not sure if they will in the future.
You like someone you can't have.
But have you had the Momofuku Milk Bar cookies with cornflakes?
OJS Review Forms build survey monkeylike features into the peer review process
haha you know I get that Broll!
I made him look good!
Actor?
Writer?
Director?
Sports fan?
Follow Michael Forman, talent manager I assist
Yea!
Glad you came is on the radio :
Really looking forward to NOT writing checks for tickets, fines  bills for at least the next six months.
STALL: I84 eastbound  53rd, on right side
hawks up by 11  New Jersey.
schneiders on capitol hill?
An inspirational story and great restaurant.
Don't forget also a Cyrus alum!
My mother ALWAYS forgets me at dance.
.
: tea c: best doctornk in the world!
Horrible sightlines RT Too many seats.
Crappy views : Tix mkt for Final 4 worse every year.
domesfailed strategy
HELLO EVERYONE HAVE A GREAT DAY THINKING OF U HUGS
Wait Is it that easy for me to get you over here?
We need to discuss you visiting.
And yes, this will be in SF.
Mark your calendar
OMG!!
RT : The worship band at this church has a keytar.
hasn't written a blog post in a while.
thats all that matters!
your just too hot!
cant wait until i see at rollerjam tomorrow 3
Calling my shot Lakers lose tonite Nuggets 105 to 103 after game KOBE announces retirement.
Kinda like a mosquito?
Ya know?
Really irritating.
ok, this Gritty Goat video is finally coming to life!
yes
Good morning friends and happy President's Day!
Hello Christian, love your html5 work.
Do you know someone who can design a purely htlm5 ecommerce site?
Best, gregor
Bethesda wins Grand Prize in Restaurant: Fast Food!
Our phenomenal student panelist Sgt.
Michael Rave USA
didn't even know that existed, you made my day.
Happy 14th Birthday i hope it's great cause you deserve it 3 :
starts snowing the second I arrive in Boston....figures.
Very impressed and thankful how all communicated via twitter.
Only way I was kept updated!
sweet!
thank you!
xo from ATX
Amen sister the best time of the year for both sports
thanks for the support and follow I love your bread on a philly steak or a french dip oh so good check out
Later on today :3 Catch me in the gamer room upstairs.
General Assembly Square in a few mins.
As you speak the words I AM you are increasingly anchoring your place in the Universal consciousness.
All weekend bring your unwanted shoes to El Borracho to send to Haiti through soles4souls.
get free appetizer!
Idk but he's jammin right now dude
Listening to Eminem makes me anxious to play football
Welcome to Cincy Kirkpatrick
The Fresh Price of Lexington!
Wow.
Now all you lack is Lola and the apartment will be perfect!
711 You got...
We Found Love by Rhianna :
Happy Birthday!
Hang around with a horse for a day.
It will quieten you down and change your perspective.
Just grass, water, dirt and sky.
Started smoking again because food cravings are HELL
16 yrs ago today, God gave us our Jake.
Conceived after a Tubal Ligation; extremely rare!
God knew how much we would need him.
Thank you...
One day, Thundercats will rule the world.
Happy Delaware Day, everyone!
i bet you can handle yourself pretty well on a softball field, you should come play with us!
Hii!
I'm doing great!
I've been judging a few pageants lately..very fun!
I did see u came to Chicago.
Hope u had an amazing time
And this.
Until you are willing to die to live, you'll be dying to live as the living dead.
writing 1st correspondence of hopefully many 2 my new jail boo what font should I use?
Need one that says sexy dangerous but not desperate.
we play Colleyville Covenant.
Lost to them by one early in district.
Our only district loss so far.
glad she followed me:
Happy Friday everyone!
Enjoy your weekend.
I'm playin bball with him now he didn't get arrested.
Haha, no doubt.
I'm enjoying this duck meltdown.
RT let's ride a duck
wherever she went I hope she doesn't come back
What's a good restaurant in Vegas with a great cheese platter?!
This chick needs to get her wine  cheese on!
tomorrow is my lay day at the gregg!
SEXUALITY  SPIRITUALITY BELONG COMPLETELY TOGETHER....can't stand folks that try to separate the 2....lol..
4 words: Chardonnay Apricot Iced Tea
Study some history Santorum.
Sanctions start wars!!!
It's ALL settled...
the birth certificate thing AND the woodchucking.
Similar in importance, don't you think?
The Right is WRONG!!!
agreed from outside the Boston area
Glenda I love your Mom's story!!!!
She's such a good story teller!!
I'll pray she'll find her angel!!
Tomorrow night  Busters BBQ in Lakeway, TX  solo acoustic show  7pm!!
ThatAwkwardMoment when I'm frantically looking for my phone....that's in my hand....
The conference went well, everyone wants us to do more for small businesses at Talkbiznow.com
Love the Mac  Cheese  the grilled fig  cheese sandwich.
wheniwasacrab my class made history n the Marching 101 went to the Honda B.O.T.B
Pantera was a perfect choice for the sound track to a frustrating commute.
........a team of talented assassins with one objective.....
You're a hero to nature
Having way too much fun with my new Wrangler.
I'm a truck guy now, how did that happen?
Higher Education has to embrace the Internet, and all of it's new technologies, such as Facebook, MySpace, and Twitter.
Being outside at this time 
i 3 games!
Well we see we still have the same officials.
rofl is that jamba juice?
I was okay for a short little moment..
then the needles came backk, this time not poking, but stabbing.
And welcome to TVITTER!
Never been this pumped to have homework.
I'm that much closer to getting the job!!
and about to talk about no budget, low tech, high impact ARGs at LSCON it's going to be a good one!
bsu's don't get that close haha
Great question.
I'll ask around.
I Love My Life!!!
lets practice all week!
I don't think I will ever underestimate the very human need for love and acceptance.
HOBO FEST !
There were hobos everywhere 
there are litteraly 15 more tweets every 2 seconds when you are following 365 people
I have the worst ADD ever.
I just keep dancing in my chair instead of writing this cover letter.
.
Love to come on weekly.
I enjoy this show.
It has some fun to it which is up my alley
What a restless night I had.
Smh
at Fox but of course will be back toward glenwood by the end of the night.
I think it is kinda good.
Try different brands and flavors
no texas dates?
Talking about boobs
You know, these HR hitters, once they develop a swing its tough to alter, but not to BUNT to help the team is inexcusable
roller rink in the city?
Of course.
That is a northwestern Ohio staple!
Searching for things to eat in my house lol
Has anyone received their mandated pony yet?
the time has come for my doctorams to be heard.
u little bro hope you're being realy sexy and playing hockey sexy
Merry Xmas eve everyone : Esp my love .
Xmas is complete because of him 3
I mention that our print culture textbook has a chapter on Harry Potter.
Two students highfive over the head of a student who facepalms.
SAY IT ONE MORE TIME!
The Bad Girls of EyeCandy Fashions has just stepped in the building!!kisses
90 of my friends got better looking...
Thanks instagram
haha that's rough...sorry to hear that...
Rft LA, you are OKC's bitch until further notice.
George harrisons voice makes my heart melt 3 tehe
The best is yet to come,
What has two wings and a halo?
A Japanese phone.
Wing, Wing!
HALO?
You know I love the asian race but I had too lol.
it is!
I hate it haha
Have you watched Ken Burns documentary on Jazz.It's a great start.
Amazing!
Happy things are cleared up.
Because i'll jump up to 6'2 I fight all sizes lol.
nothing but professorssionalism!
haha
I will be watching on tv.
Good luck tonight.
Hope it's as good as last night neverdisappoint :
Wonder if I'll win an award!
It's lunchtime, it's getting hot out there  we r only few people away from the first 50 RT 2 get those followers  u may get free ice cream
Let's go home and doctorw the curtains.
i hate not being able to watch Sport Center.
i feel funky if i do not watch it like 4 times a day
Is there more power in David Wright's pinky than the Phillies' lineup?
2 exams today...then 1 exam from the depths of hell left
couldn't make you stay...
hopefully there will soon be those guys who are perfect nice sweat and more
The smell of my handsoap reminds me of summer
GA Gwinnett College has a 90 pass rate of organic chemistry.
Come by our page at 8 tonight to hear a song off of our new EP!
Example 287 why I'd be an awesome house wife: Cleaned my apartment in my favorite heels, just because.
;
I hear ya girl 
I doctornk that kool aid a long time ago.
Lol.
Cool newsletter!
Thanks for the SO :
this new twitters sick!
State of physical, mental  emotional is def of health, says 's Gary Oxman.
Healthy Connected City promotes health  equity.
Gotta get rid of at least half or more of the Twitts  FB peeps I got now or I am following.
I am an addicted clicker sometimes!!
LOL
Recording Sam Flow...
And can't front my dude dope!!
New twitter is the worst.
I can't figure out where anything is...
how do I just look at who mentioned me?!?!
A bit better, but still shitty tho.
:/ I almost threw up at school today, while taking the test.
And you?:
have someone else take a bite and see what happens
As a mom of a nearly 3 and nearly 1 year old, I feel like I have ADD, tell me I'm not alone.
Went and saw Breaking Dawn.
lovedit it was everything and more .
nobadmoments breakingdawn !
Kellan Lutz made it even better though.
:
Agreed on all accounts.
Wanna see just how many he can score by the time he calls it a career.
Revisiting doctormmer Ralph Peterson's Outer Reaches This gig has some ripping guitar by Dave Fiuczynski and Pat Bianchi cooks on the B3.Nice
Just ordered my first and really excited to start snacking healthy!
I think you would like this too!
Women Say Dudes BALL UP N DEY INBOX/THIRSTY Well 4 The Record MOST OF U FUNKY PUY Btches THIRSTY 2 My Dck Can Quench Ur THIRST
Gulf Coast Jewish Family Services, Inc in Clearwater, FL is searching for a CFO
I think hockey is one of the best sports ever!
People who don't appreciate it, is missing out!
Chispa is proud to announce that we are socialmedia partners for the Womens International Holistic Conference July 13th!...
Corey Hart's on a tear.
Keep it going in Houston!
lol ok that's 2 awake!
Thank you, so do you think its possible?
Shit.
Gotta get to school soon.
X I hope we play dodge ball in gym!
Hard to get motivated today!
Gotta lot to do after a long weekend.
Colts' McAfee, Pacers' Hibbert ranked high in social media influence  Indianapolis Star
I seem to not see it on twitter and I wanna see tomorrow that you sent it to her with you telling her and what her response..
there is a reason to fight for us.
ive been fighting for a while now and i cant fight for us unless you fight too
Today is the 2nd and last day of the Remodelers Home Tour.
Check out the tour for some ideas for your perfect home renovations!
15pm today!
loverboi Iloveyou; I wrote it with no spaces so there's no room for anyone else.
on simple maybe but I'll still win a couple but that NORMAL you ain't win not one time witcha lying ass lol
Thank you for stopping by last night it was an honor having you at our bar.
Isn't that the opposite of a million dollar question?
:
Get all the hoes
me too:P
I'm with you on that luv!
Stay away from conversation that doesn't edify your life or your walk with Christ!
is that sailors jerrys any good
Were you at the Library Spring Book Festival last week?
Great time!
Life is an adventure if u smoke weed, pop Xanax, and doctornk Jack Daniels everyday
Glad to hear it, man.
Thanks.
I'm pretty excited, too.
good afternoon..
i feel like sheeeiiitttt
Congressman Paul Ryan is endorsing Mitt Romney.
He confirmed it this morning on Fox News
hopefully see you sometime soon in Miami.
feel free to hit me up anytime you're in town
Last minute road trip to la tomo!
redeye though.
Not hating on beiber but his single for mothers day has nothing on Kanye's Hey Mama
Poor little car!
Does it have food and water?
Gypsy Death Star is kicking off the event!
Jesus, that lady looks like something that just fell off a ristra.
At least I can pay it online..
that makes things easier.
Strong explosion in Bogota, Colombia kills three, including a fmister govt.
official
tinyurl.com/3glrw9e  21stcentury or early 20thcentury on the Left Coast?
Who are you gonna call?
Make any decision with your heart and mind  you'll be fine.
Behind every successful man is his woman.
Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.
tired but cant fall asleep.
I hate nights like this.
Especially when Monday is the morning I gotta wake up too...
Just got back from a reunion of friends from grade school.
Amazed at how all of our lives have turned out.
She got you PW!
PUSSY WHOOPED
we would make it so worth your while.
We can pay you in rich experiences.
that happened to me and my friends!!
the people at McDonalds just do not know how to have fun hahaha
Gm stylist,braiders, makeup, educators, braiders, business owners and more follow hair show in Miami vendors space available
Who has been your favorite Idol of all times in 11 seasons?
One of the names in an example on my Spanish test today was Alejandoctor.
I've had Lady Gaga stuck in my head ever since.
Do it both of you!
no offense Betsy
Oh sweet nothin
At work the usual routine day in and day out 364 days untill I get married.
Wow!!!
just now watching this week's epi.
Love it!
You are AMAZING!
xo
What in the world is the point of a hamburger flavored hot dog
: I love u takes 3 seconds to say,, 3 hours to explain but a lifetime to prove spreadlove
Congrats!
RT : Cougars win!
53 over the Kernels in Cedar Rapids!
Aaron Brooks gets the win.
Malcolm Culver the save.
If a woman asks you a question, it's better to tell her the truth, chances are she's asking you because she already knows the answer.
Fuck what you heard, fuck the bitch you heard it from, fuck what you think, and fuck what you saw, and recognize what the fuck you see hoe.
OMG, Counting Crows is playing at The Roseland tonight and we're not going?!
UGH.
85?
Is there an age limit to public doctornkenness?
Your intellect may be confused, but your emotions will never lie to you
I'm aight, just coolin.
Waiting for this semester to be over.
Yeah, well, dirty and lowdown for train station fuzak, at least.
And thanks.
OH WOW!
Oh you know..
Just watching a new
Can you dig, game is sittin' next to Obedience School app on iTunes!
Go Derby queen!
What name did you pick?
Good Morning :
Congrats Scooter!!!!
Some females are TOO much.
Thanks to all of our followers of GunMitt and especially to our 1,000th
walking around with my jug of tea sober
i want you to followme if you're a cute guy.
:D lmfaoo.
Thank you so much!
Maybe napping in your office isnt so bad...Power nap of 20 min equal to 5 to 6 hours sleep says w.
greenwald
Yo I miss Sprite Remix
Got a PUStache?
The truth about PUS in pasteurized milk: via
That it 'tis.
Hope you're well.
Chris
yes they will
Skipping iPhone 5 would just make people think Apple can't count past 4.
God manning everyone!!!
I wonder if thr ayatollahs will recognize this achievement publicly
don't tempt me...
its getting a lil cold in Cali now!
x
You know my day was busy when I have yet to tweet.
Taped my mouth shut :
Hey Joeya few months later, and I'm happy to say we are back at Zack Morris Cell Phone!
Hope you can swing by!
I just didn't realize it was that serious ladies will come if they see you do good work but guys know i'm icey and stool won't try
Twenty wouldn't be enough to cover Walker's crimes against Wisconsin.
NSA2010 Attendees last chance to lock in special discount offer for your MiniBk/CardBk.
Call David at 800.900.2499 by Friday 8/20.
Just transferred funds to Rescuers in Belarus.
Im sorry Mermaid fans I haven't been on Ive been busy getting my book out there
TODAY was so much better than last night.
RT : oh you're alive huh?
alive, well and ticking!
Really awkward moment on ESPN a few minutes ago.
Looked like someone was doctornk...
RIP Jason Lilly...
You will be badly missed
Did NOT get up  run right away this morning, now it's pretty hot inland.
doctorving down by the lake to run instead..because I can.
Friend says: my twitter feed is simply Sara Rab, ezra Klein, and Matt Iglesias.' wow!!
lol walk him
my cuteness
I hate my wife but this bar still makes me glad I'm married.
Just kidding, BAR.
Give 'em hell devils!
Sorry for the bad pun.
Absolutely!
Thank you.
Dozer the Dog  such a sweet story from : Perfect way to start my Thursday event.
Its a coffee thing lol
Twitter, let's say I want to hire a maid service for a onetime cleaning of my house.
Roughly how much does that sort of thing cost?
Seminar to Bridge Gaps Between Medical Information and Insurance Underwriting
Not a big chocolate person.
I like Reeces' and ice cream but that's about it.
IM STARTED TO SEE PPL FOR WHO THEY REALLY R
I'm the sweetest bitch you'll ever meet.
What Speech were you listening to?
You are confused.
celticschat I came back from taking care of a tent.
We had a lead when I left, and now we lost it.
:' Can't lose hope.
Lets go C's :D
Lexington is a ZOO.
HOW MUCH FOR A FEATURE?
DM ME.
Yo much love for the retweet bro
Mark Sanchez is very creative at being terrible.
I wished we lived closer to David 
how about you ask me a question first!!!!!!!!
lol!!
XD
All organic and my parents loved it.
This is a first.
it won't let me DM because it says you arent following us.
It also said we weren't following you either but I thought we were.
Last call for answers to out Poll  Whats the last professorssional sporting event you attended?
NBA, NFL, MLB or NHL?
Come to our shows on April 30th, May 14th, May 27th, or June 4th!
All near ChiTown!
You should be the spokeswoman for that place!
We want to do a show about dating tips.
We just need to set up phone lines so you can call in and give them to us.
Send me a set of your cobras with orange grips they are tight
doctorma on my tl
Love the pictures!
gurr you looked good makin them tacos.
Rica :
Thanks for the follow , Following you back ;
RT Votes against same sex marriage ensure gays cannot marry and raise a new generation of compassionate, tolerant Americans!
what was the top tax rate it was 91 in 1957
Goodnight twitter!
Wish you guys coulda seen me as a pirate and to those who did...don't lie you know i was sexy ;
Wake up, eat.
Lay down, sleep.
Repeat.
Numeric Defamation.
Follow back!
Long diaaa got some foul news but its whatever I put the team on my back do!
You know, Deadliest Warrior used to be on MTV.
Only then, it was called Celebrity Deathmatch.
I've lost five pounds.
:
Thanks for following Revolver Underground!
It's much appreciated!
Holla!
EROCK
Do you really Ben truly?
hilarious!
Pulling another allnighter for budget talks?
Would love an update for kare11 sunrise!
If my lakers beat okc there taking it all bet
lol dawg u no ive always been a busy person
Spending lunch hour watching kids perfect their backhands better than usual yogurtatdesk scenario, even as my laptop melts in the heat.
Sweet!
It has been added to my calendar!
Where will the wedding be?
Outside?
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked did you cum inside me?...do you really love me?...
how many women U been with?
I love the fact that my best friend just so happens to be my only biological sibling, my sister.
The lack of scrambled is a major flaw.
Basic, yes, but iconic.
Chillin watchin the game between NY vs.
Miami
i automatically think someone has naked pics on there phone when they have a app that hides stuff lol idk why??
I can't make this one, but have seen them a number of times, although not since their 69LS release.
They're fantastic live!
Still waiting?
Today is your day.
Get a copy of Better Way Min's new 30 Day Devotional Your Best Day Today, at www.Rshamar.com
No, my blog has not died.
I'm going to go back to one a week.
Promise.
yeah more like shutup Ian.
Put your phone away.
Get back on the mound so I can make you hate everything
doctorft doctorft doctorft!!!!!
So excited, whodey!!!
:
on Jon and his baby.
I don't think he really likes her
neither I was joking those r two of my bff's
Lilac feat after this game...weather feels good
aha chill..!
Low Key I Wanna Say It's Kobe's For That Dumb Ass Turnover .
They Could've Won!
It's weird to think that I was in Europe a month ago..time really does fly.
I miss it :/
I'm spending my evening steaming veggies like a hippie.
Thank you.
Gastro thinks its related to her EoE.
We have an appt w/ him next week.
We'll see what he says.
This is false.
Don't be fooled,
Ants can survive a 50 story high fall, but couldn't survive the bottom of my foot.
Fun fact of the day.
Don't give up beer for Lent!
Come in and enjoy our beer battered fish dinner!
And don't miss our Friday fish frys!
I'm an editor at and have a question for you.
Could you DM or email me when you have a sec?
I got my ray banns on and I'm feelin hella cool tonite.
Cheers to the freakin weekend
I have to be up so early and its already 115 am  Guess its time for bed 
Getting ready for sharktank show.
Best show of the week.
under the current circumstances, isn't a Toews bobblehead night kinda inappropriate?
Right???
Right there with the Liberty Lunch!
My Daily Mindful Message : To practice healthy cooking you should think outside of the box.
Substitute healthy ingredients!
Minor victory today: acquired a carrel with both a window with a view of Deering and with a power outlet.
Love You To Baby Girl Lol:
Love.
Love.
Love.
Love is all you need...
Happy Valentine's Day!
The meeting of preparation with opportunity generates the offspring we call luck.
Anthony Robbins
2 radiation treatments done.
28 to go.
Can not wait to be D O N E
tedxusc is reminding me how much I like science.
he is a hateful wretch
I wish I was going to the Masters.
Perhaps one day.
: Daily prayer:: Lord please guide my feet into happiness, health, success  blessings Psalm 37:23 
Getting in the gym tonight...should be interesting
Romney is going to be the nominee.
You're just in denial.
FROM WHENCE DOES THE PASSION ARISE??
The largest 99 Cents Only Store!
RT Friday's question: What are we more famous for?
LACMA or the mammoth in the Tar Pits?
i like this pic a lot333
The frontiers of a book are never clearcut: ...
it is a node within a network.
Foucault  Archeology of Knowledge
When you want something..il do the same  !
I honestly don't like you at all!
Stop talking to me!
bored on a friday woww hate being groundedd
It's so hot in Boston.
No amount of ice cold doctornks can keep me cool.
Gotdamnit my laptop screen took shit  my work cell phone been broke 4 almost 3 wks just great!
sign I need a break from bein so connected?
Congrats to Bob Neumann, who is transferring out to KHMX/Houston as PD!
More details in RAMP's Breaking News email.
And I will totally take you up on that!
Oh, thank you!
RT A bit new to Twitter, will check our your site!
Good luck!
harish is from Telangana?
nice to know..
Success didn't spoil me, I've always been insufferable.
Fran Lebowitz
Goodbye JaVa...
wait, JAVALE MCGEE IS IN THE PLAYOFFS!!!
only you could do something like that
my tooth hurts!!
:
yea.
You rosa and me would take turns doctorving.
Lol.
.
thanks for noticing this error our engineer is working on it and it will be up shortly.
Cheers, Jill
Busy weekend ahead!!
Creativity explosion!!!
Optimistic NC is having Romney beat Gingrich by a large margin too.
Not sure why that makes me feel good.
follow please
Duncan introduces iron triangle: Quality, Access, and Cost.
Focus on Productivity and Accountability are essential.
what about Nexus fans that can't get the HSPA version or even the LTE one you should reward us by releasing it
Soo Lil Wayne gave the song how to love to sounds pretty god 3
with incredible variability of skill/caring attitude of home health aides sent to help my Mom, a good process outcome can't happen
we stand on guard for the!
Wide awake
why is age magazine reporting that Yauch was 48?
is he funny?
I like funny guys  And if he sings, He'll have me at hello
You forgot BrianGoddard!
hey netflix...either refund my money, or activate my service.
your can't have it both ways.
Congratulations to and his newly named Prius, Gizzy!!!
Hey guise.
Sitting in Phillips Arena watching all the UNC purest lose 10 yrs off their ...life Go FSU......LOK
do you have a show tonight?
You should hit up Dosh's DJ set at the 930 Club afterwards.
hey sharon, sorry to hear you're having the same issue.
Shoot me an email, I will call you tomorrow.
I was reading about the MLK memorial a while back, but I had forgotten about it.
Thanks for the reminder and suggestion!
When did they make a Honey 2??????
Christmas this year was a good Christmas Eve.
Shot I can't wait until new years eve
I already follow !
I saw him at teen hoot.
: I love him!
Police Chief confirms officer involved shooting.
But Chief refuses any other info and walked out of the room.
Claims details now coming  4.
MT : Walker says he saved taxpayers 1 bill.
I believe him.
With no jobs, ppl lose homes, so no income or property tax.
just got mickey D's SUPERBOWL SUNDAY!
:D
hahahah what kind?
:D
Thanks for all you do in connecting Massachusetts to services!
You can't get to a place that you don't believe exists.
Also, I wanted to catch up on smash tonight but I need Christian Borle to stay in my head as Black Stache a bit longer.
Just about the perfect day for momsday :
I'm a proud American  lover of Israel, 2 nations where ppl can experience freedom, of speech, religion, etc
i guess I been gone too long lol
The fact that the year they started was that Gulf spill, and announcers had to awkwardly brand BP every game was kind of funny
MANTRA 8: CONTRARY TO POPULAR BELIEFS  BEGGARS DO NEED TO BE CHOOSEY
I absolutely love the first Transformers!!
It's the best one!
And, I love Good Luck Charlie too!
Who's your fave character?
2nd most used proper noun behind pikachu.
We give all Twitter fans 10 all services for NotifyAll  Contact Wireless, cell phones/accessories/repairs.
Just tell them I sent you.
oh no i love you..
And sugar is a vitamin!
Wow so hype is crazy down under too?
Sorry, deluded  Shit!
That really stole from the whole brevity thing...
good thing i don't have to watch this thing any more.
no im just bringing clothes 4 now since im stayin with rush.but best believe wen me n naty get our place u n him helpin lol
FRERET STREET FESTIVAL  Come rock a killa Sat afternoon with us TODAY at 4:45pm on the Ochsner/Dat Dog Stage!
Had two customers when in and check us out.
Definitely owners from other dispensary...hahha
Wardoctorbe walk throughs for tomorrow night.
Rolling on the floor laughing
Walk on out there and give it a squirt!
has me laughing so hard right now.
Oh and shots fired.
Is this real??!
Um I love Tressa Brown.
In case everyone didn't already know.
In The Heat Of The Night  Miami Heat
PhilNo Blindside was the black tight end.
AlexOffensive Line.
Phil's response: 'Oh sorry African American...
Did the Charles E.
Cooper Studios inspire the hit TV show Mad Men?
Looking for insight!
Love this movie.
Minimalist dialogue.
A homage to the mountain men that explored this country in search of peace and solitude.
Nice.
I'll add that to the list.
Its cool guys nobody should answeer me
It's the first fall Friday.
This calls for something pumpkin inspired  happyhour.
isit5yet ROC?
Don't put words into my mouth
Hope you get better 3 You inspire me and you never stop working hard.
Love you sweetheart.
Sometimes I think itd be so peaceful to be the last person on the planet...
Like I am legend but without all the zombie things.
I'm in for lunch just tell me where to meet.
he brought the bubbles that we left in the truck back to me by the way..
u must visit best bike city in America
: Kerbey's pancakes are on point!
Tis true, try the lemon poppyseed.
: Libras are very easy to get along with.
I've tried lots of ingredients in brownies, but never cabernet...
can't say I really taste the wine, but it's still a great brownie.
Because we have no bottled water, the dudes wife said this is the 3rd day without human consumption water.
Then she said what the Fck?
Thanks for sharing our coupon with your followers !
Have you tried our cereal before?
There's so much to know about diabetics....
oh, way to think outside the box!
ewwww  hope it works and you feel better soon
Addict is wanting a pot every now and then RT : Would having a Keurig make me a coffee addict?
I just want a cup every now and then.
Who's passing her permit test today me 
Glucomannen, Cha De Bugre and Caralluma combined in one all natural weight mgt.
supplement.
If you want to avoid the Holiday weight...
140 Green Bay.
All those stupid penalties by the Lions could cost them this game.
TIGHTEN UP
yeah bounced up off the ground and hit her in the ass.
Don't worry I didn't hit it that hard
: Lol, thinks I'm a disgusting barn animal  u wipe ur hands on the sofa  ur tshirt use a napkin!!
you're overreacting.
Why is it so much easier to wake up when you get 3 hours of sleep than when you get like 10...
Jeeze!
What's in Arkansas?
for real a must win
awesome doctorss!!!
When girls don't text you back 
Top100Lies I didn't know u cared
At wcdet.
Come say hi.
New obsession 
I had phone miss functions lol
2nd cup of coffee, and yet I still feel like punching a small child.
Staying away from people today
Thank you!
Just watched This Means War.
Pretty good movie.
You have the action for the guys, romance for the girls, and comedy for everyone!
I downloaded the 2nd one yesterday.
Liars these days.
Looking fwd to visiting Paddy's Pub tonight..paddy's
Uugh.
That person who makes every sentence sound like a question.
HAHA PXY JR, he's not a fucking Burger King burger!
What supps?
List of people food my cat likes: avocados, challah bread, Tostitos Hint of Lime Tortilla Chips.
Egyptian blogger Street movement in Egypt has lost a lot of its enthusiasm.
Hi Adam, Thanks so much for your email!
I'm speaking to undergrads tonight and I think your story will be inspirational.
What kind of deal are you looking for this fine Tuesday morning?
Food?
Home?
Auto?
cant wait til sunday: :
I love you Madonna
thanks you too 3
yeah, i read all those...
it was war in on that board a few weeks back...
still no new mod, weird.
Precisely.
If that process involves the simplification of structures, it's just evolution not devolution.
Those folks in 1912 were hip as hell then!
Do they even sell Maysonet shirts at the stadium?
Will they tomorrow?
:
DA WORST FEELING EVER IS BEING IN LOVE BY YOURSELF
Glad you enjoyed!
OMG how u know??!!
Guess that is for you, with no author named, hm.
If it's Thursday, it must be
follow me please.
ive been trying to get you to notice me for two yearss!
yo hit me up i wanna get a photoshoot done for you
.....
Consider theme of invention and innovation.
Let them choose hobbies...skis, guitars, cameras.
On the bus to New York!
Two weeks until Prom!!!
Are we merely robots?
Offspring of biology and socialization, only different due to some mutation, recombination, beating and teaching?
I'm sick and tired of not seeing him play.
He's one of the best on the reserves.
He needs a chance.
Going for my brother's bachelor party.
Don't think there will be anything going on that morning.
Zach!
in Pittsburgh last November?
One more time, quit lying to the American public.
my bed smells like we were at a party or somethin last night
They call it Stormy Monday, but Tuesday's just as bad: Yesterday's database problems are finally coming to a close.
Phew.
Yep.
Now if only they'd deliver saki, too.
But this is Texas.
Alcohol by delivery makes baby jesus cry, apparently.
I thought for sure you were talking about the Asian here.
Bit.ly bounced the link as spam, so send me an email on it and I'll read it when I get home tonight...
Oops, my mistake : Still sounds like a nice doctornk.
Students post hundoctords images of state tests on social networks  89.3 KPCC...
The 2nd Annual Cocktails for Courage to benefit The captainin Kyle R.
Van De Giesen Memorial Award Fund is Friday.
Contact me for info.
I don't even know if I should wear jeans or shorts today.
Sigh.
Congratulations to the VCURAMS!
Any chance we can borrow for our youth basketball leagues soon?
When I was in high school 6:30 was sleeping in, now 8:00 is to early.
I've gotten spoiled.
Yes!
Let's gather up some interested folks to have a wrapup session, perhaps tomorrow evening?
Yes, yes I would.
It sounds like an awesome festival.
I am going to go some time for sure!
Thanks 4 following, u r nice.
Already following :
legitfitclothinggmail.com
The best things in life aren't things at all!
yeah well do you think 80 for a can there and back is money well spent?
Not to mention the cost of the ticket
I understand AND share the same affliction.
Atlanta author Kathryn Stockett has sold more than five million copies of her book The Help, which has been adapted into a movie out...
at 24k i day left before suite200 opens!
living up the last few days of glory
Thank you, Brian.
Happy Thanksgiving Day to all AustinTexas and
My 9 year old is the only child in America with no video game system.
Hate seeing him sad, but still seems like the right thing to do.
Tonight bring ur azz over to clubempire...
and myself holdin it down all night!!!
Who else is going too be at Siclovia?
Won part of the volleyball game yay!!!!!!!
That was AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Now, if we could just get Len to give him that 10 we'd be in business!
In Memphis for the Country Cares Radio Seminar, who's here?
Defense defense defense killing the crew again.
marketing...
I think it should be more than just one dept though to give a wider appeal
Another reason to be excited about BFC?
Still getting awesome local fresh sustainable produce even if you sleep thru the farmers market!
I know, interesting..
maybe the trend is that Social media is becoming it's own department..
you two are the typical bike advertisement!
you bet :
Look forward to it.
I just think that if u run an off tackle play that the defense knows is coming, execution won't matter.
Mine will be one of the first novels written largely on the qwerty keyboard of iPodtouch, using quickofficeconnect /
Anyone going to Flex in Phoenix tonight?
makes sense.
Most nfl players are assholes.
is the exact opposite though
Looks interesting!
RT : Marketing in the Round: How to Develop an Integrated Marketing Campaign in the Digital Era Que...
baby I hope our kids are like that c':
I dont need to know you'll be there
why don't we get those here?
wouldn't that make us big time?
Thanks for the follow!
When people are mad at you and you dont know what you did .
can the Saints resind the franchise tag in doctorw Brees to make a run at or sign Peyton Manning?
no breakfast for me today .
oh my god this is awesome.
Special moment happening in milwaukee this weekend.
Pure amazing pure joy.
Cheers
thanks for his long and continued support of our organization and our mission!
We appreciate everything!
Everyday is Saturday night, but I can't wait, for Sunday morningKos Love that hook!
in bed before work
Thanks for all of the awesome RTs!
Def no expansion plans right now with other construction starting.
Free tix for at least bball I think is a good idea tho
: How did Pam feel on Sunday??
She got here Derby on early!
She felt...poorly
lol heck yeah!
Mille grazie!
I wonder if Giant Eagle carries it?
Success Is Wealth So What Are You Waiting For
actually I think women  men of all shapes can be appealing IF they have a good heart.
Just not the look I prefer for myself 
Is it too early to stick a fork in the Mets?
An ugly game, but the fun may just be starting.
I haz similar blanket but with starz on it.
you should make another Fashion video those are awesome :
Did you need them in Spanish or English?
wow if that's really her then she should be ashamed of herself...glad bozo and his wife r gone
An FBAR is a Report of Foreign Bank and Financial Accounts.
The form number is TD F 9022.1 Due in the hands of IRS by June 30th.
the kind of flawless i wish i could be.
Insights201 Did you mod your Andoctorid phone?
Ohh looks fab in that red doctorss!
TheVoice SO doctormatic!
Love it!
it's thursday, which means i'm officially allowed to get excited about celebrating my bff 's birthday this weekend!
3
If you don't have time to do it right, where are you going to find the time to do it over?
I am actually rather late to the Trujillo party, but am all on board now!
Avg person can only focus 48 seconds keep them paying attn w/ FBI, Feature, Benefit, Involvement
Bill has the same chance of winning that a one legged man in an ass kicking contest does.
It's International Jazz Day!
Learn a fact about a jazz musician, song, or style.
Share it and tag it JazzDay 
I finished reading 'Mud, Sweat and Tears' by .
Inspiring, I have even more respect for you now!
Best wishes for you and family.
What did they say?
Already knew Chopped was a moronic show w/laughable judging, but they reached a new low eliminating Guas for no starch.
Is this 1954?
One has to wonder if it was an error.
Certainly a good viral marketing opportunity!
Thank u so much pastor!
It was a high honor for me.
Thanks for your trust.
ah...the endorphin rush when something you've been trying to figure out finally works
kings need to win tonight..
You own my heart, he's just renting.
yep..
it'll happen one day.
i miss you btw!
hey baby I miss you:
cannot wait T!!!!
Big Ten goes 20 in BCS games plus wins over 12 LSU and 15 Miami..think the Big 10 bashing is over?
Trying to figure it out.
sisterinlaw uses it, showed me how to use this weekend.
still learning though.
Awesome !
Thanks ill email you back soon !
lol you just walked away couldn't say hi or anything was too happy about your win
I kind of want to play Ogre Battle 64 again for some reason.
Don't know why.
Must be that time of the month
can you forward it?
I love her work.
And my day is tediously bereft of nipples.
Mathieuyounggmail
no problem!
observation 1.
everybody on the bus is speaking chinese.
every.
body.
even the ones who don't look asian.
Interested in Cubs tickets?
Come in and sign a lease with us to be entered in a doctorwing to win!
Ar Radio City!
Fluffy!!!
Intriguing!
Where does funding come from, then?
In the United States, illegal immigration refers to the act of foreign nationals violating American immigration policies and laws.
Bumpin some usher.
Where you at
If you're in church this morning, can you fill in this blank: I'm here because .
thanks Fred!!!!!
I totally agree with u on ur tweet about JB...
I don't think Selena's a whore, the fact is her bday is coming up, is it bye JB
me im starving
I hate snow...
I guess that could be remotely funny.
Bring it back, bring it back.
you contributed to the breaking of Bryan's brain.
Bad student, bad!
Welcome Kelly Hedoctorck  our new CSR at the Avon location!
ThingsPeopleHaveToStopDoing getting offended by the things I say.
Starting Phase 1 of the annual Spring home repair and fix up.
Idk what's good for you?
COCO LOUNGE GON BE CRAZY TONIGHT!!
GET THERE EARLY!!!
READY TO INTO CRUNK/doctorNK MODE!!!!
Im such a lonely directioner!
I'm sitting outside on my porch watching a video on how to speak with a British accent!
LolKelly
Looks fun, but dizzying!
Very good question and cannot be just anyone
The last time politics and religion were mixed, people were burned at the stake
Tornado warning.
Entire hitch science building must gather in the first floor.
I'm officially in Nashville.
Really spicy food with extremely hot doctornks is the best combination ever.
Philippe LacoueLabarthe's, Typography: Mimesis, Philosophy, Politics set in Comic Sans
I'm playing smoothie shopping jams at Nordstrom today until 5, come through.
It is so beautiful here.
Hope that you are having a great day, friends!
That's pretty random.
Absolutely!
Why do the RWNJs cry 1st Amend when they haven't a clue what it means?
Antieducation much?
X FACTOR!!!
I been missing a lot of : ima have to buy the 2nd session when it doctorps.
aw miss ya too buddy
Merry Christmas, everyone!
And if you're opening a gift of one of our shirts this morning, we hope you love it.
Colorful tracks and colorful braids been played out!!
EX.
Pink,green,bright yellow, all Lat!
best invention of fashion is the skully
Awesome..and I'm an old gal !
I'm doing well.
Just preparing to have a great day...Do some summer planning as well.
turnon when girls call me babe ; ....
Alexa...
Hahah
Muffins trump clean underpants every day of the week.
:
she loves me, she loves me not
RT : 26 days to the beginning of Winthrop University's 125th Academic Year!!!
we gave you some more space : Were you having problems with people seeing you were online?
It's happening now Art Center!!!!
Annual Pumpkin party!!!
Super ready!!!
I got 99 cookies cuz a bitch ate one
It's painfully obvious Hogan  Bischoff could care less about TNA
i'm going to give up my doctorams of those shoes because i would literally never wear them i know this about myself
Two of my favorite people!
Yay!
We need to meet up.
Please and thank you.
Well mediocre for most is pretty damn awesome for most brewers.
Wow!
Seeing cirque de soleil next time I'm in vegas oscars.
I can stand on my hands like that
Flakey people are irritating.
thanks Melissa.
I had so much fun with you and the crew.
I almost forgot we were working.
It's Miller Time!
Go buckeyes !!
OMG WOULD tweet that!
Lmaaao :'D
Super violent hit on Hakeem Nicks.
am I allowed to put my twitter on there??
: taking the pic now sorry it took so long hope it's not too late
ok i feel that hahahaahah
Great blog.
We all own our power of choice and the ability to create change in our lives by exercising it.
I think I can get used to not working on Wednesdays or Thursday mornings.
bad campaign slogan: RT : Welcome to Longview, here's your complementary race riot
I hope the Talking Liberal Heads are happy now that they have cost the democrats the Presidency and Congress.
If we accept electronics in the recording and playback process, then why not in live performance?
RT : Who knew that Olivia NewtonJohn is of German Jewish descent,  granddaughter of Nobel laureate physicist Max Born?
Thanks for the RT.
Would love to tell you more about our program.
What, from home?
Hello everyone, we've given ourselves a facelift and switched to the new Timeline layout for Facebook!
We hope you like it!
Just another rainy day went the movies  saw hop it was better than I thought I would be over the break.
Get your Versa Spa session in before NewYears !!
Good luck today!
Just picture yourself in your new place with a bottle of wine if you start to get stressed.
Tonight SALMON in Herb Sauce yummy...Join me now: www.TheRoomLive.com
It's easy to say no hard feelings when you're talking to a robot
Can't believe I went to Homestead for that shit .
I hate when people on T.V.
shows say I'm broken Really?
Come on now
It's a relief to know that I'm stalking someone I actually know in real life.
It would be weird if I were stalking a stranger.
I think this is like my third Twitter account.
My ADD always sets in, I get bored, then delete.
Let's see how I fare this time.
:/
stop what?
yougottabekiddingif you think Obama will be reelected
please follow me : i love you !!!
3
Whew!
Finally out of the top of the third.
Cards add 4, Brewers down 52.
Weeks, Gomez and Braun due up.
I'm new to doctorw something...
anybody wanna play?
Jacobhennen
I know I don't RT : Good point: SM is 24/7.
Do you stop engaging when you leave at 5?
Happy St Totteringham's Day
another full day in the studio, plus my intern is here today!
Time to get busy planning the next Chroma Studios show!
Coming up in May!
:
no idea..
I just got all your messages.
Will do.
If things go right, I might be explaining Goodoctorlations by fall.
RT make sure and mention rdfa ;
many gmic peeps talking about online registration  event websites,etc.if you are interested in talking more, visit me
Woe to the bomb squad officers.
:
Who invented WHITE chocolate, and why?
can I just say 's solo  the beginning of Celebrity takes me to my happy dirty place every time!
thanks for the Pookee ;
I feel like I can officially say that I know all of my lines, blocking, and music.
Brainstorm is my most welcomed kind of storm!
Nice to meet everyone!
I was wrong about Carmelo Anthony.
Thought he was selfish, and he's not.
Pretty badass player who can, at his best, carry a team.
Brendon Haywood and half the Charlotte Bobcats give him a run for his money.
RT : Wisdom is having things right in your life and knowing why.
William Edgar Stafford
I think it's funny how everyone cheering for McGee but we all know that he's fucking trash
Is it lunch time yet?
I'm hungry.
You don't have to be at home to enjoy milk and cookies.
Come try our chocolate chunk cookies and a bottle of milk.
M
Facial, massage, make over, shopping, dinner...
NiCe!!!
:
Update  We will post the winner in the AM on Thursday not 9PM tonight.
Cutoff to be eligible is 8PM CST tonight sharp!
Good luck!
NDF
Tweeked back golfing.
Really hurt it trying to kick a field goal in the yard in sandals for the 6yo.
Plant foot slipped.
Charlie Browned it
When rcting eyetracker participants, have you ever attempted MailMerge?
Or did you only recruit internally?
MailMerge ROCKS!
My Yogi Teabag today: Love what is ahead by loving what has come before.
Ah, yes.
The Siren Song of Hollywood!
Gaga looks like she is having a seizure while dancing, she does minimum movements.
Let's not be delusional here.
How much do you spend recording your songs?
Congratulations on the opportunity in September!
That's terrific.
just had a mild  severe laugh attack
Amen to that
How my dog cries when i don't tuck her in bed.
Shes too cute.
Car accident: Sept.
7, 2011.
Excruciating back pain: today.
My grandmom in PA got rushed to the hospital hope every thing is okay...
Fish tacos  Margaritas are the way to go
LaMarcus says this injury is not the same or as serious as the left hip injury he had in college.
My customers are my entertainment but don't kno it I wish I could instagram all of them
Text RACE to 21947 to enter to win 2 tix to NASCAR Nationwide Series w/KLOVE Car 81 Blake Koch  tailgate w/Newsboys in Indy!
Msg rts apl
Willis Whitney: Some men have thousands of reasons why they cannot do what they want to, when all they need is one reason why they can.
Last English comp class of week this morning.
No one had topics on Wed, but all had one or 2 ideas to write on an index card today.
Good!
Thanks, Laura!
I will post a pic of Tanuki tomorrow.
He is a mix of a corgi with Boston terrier.
Thanks for recommending me!
Work of Art SHOULD have been a winning idea.
But the challenges are mediocre, lame.
i was listening to zack huckabee today, you know what that means
competitor Akira Back of Yellowtail Restaurant will be one of our distinguished speakers.
I tossed  turned...
The 20 minutes of sleep I did get involved 2 exes, nudie pics online, my car breaking down  being late for work.
And some hail.
Saw last night!
I auditioned for 1 of Katniss' stylists, Portia.
The casting was spot on.
It was visually rad.
Great movie.
Save the Date!
Join us for a panel discussion of the revised tenure/promotion guidelines at 10AM on March 29, 2011 in the Student Center.
People take these baby shower games way too seriously.
I was day doctoraming then I dosed off
I feel lost at the moment lol can't explain it.
RT : The birds eye camera views are absolutely nauseating.
Don't fix what's not broken
Don't take your mom for granite  Jesus Wept.
Y do girls have that one fat unattractive friend.
Not being mean, it's true
good night !
oh u on that kinky shit?
U probably got handcuffs n a sex swing huh?
John, I tweeted this 15 minutes ago.
NWS HAS ISSUED A SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WARNING FOR CENTRAL EDDY COUNTY UNTIL 8:15 PM.
Thanks for Artefacts and Errors.
So helpful.
has leading corporations using their beta product including IBM  Intel
Up to Clearwater for the day.
You're bad weather.
Watching Romeo and Juliet in english...
deff about to cry..
WHY LEONARDO DICAPRIO!!!!
Everytime I actually want to have a little fun, you have to ruin it for me.
Happy Release day, , for Bared To You!
;
Long as weekend :
Celebrities and kids talk about what they learned from failing!
On this Sunday 9pm EST on our NEW SHOW
Dont get it twisted gays.
Obama says its his PERSONAL OPINION that gays should marry.
NOT that hes doing a thing to make it happen.
Big Diff
Gotta do what I gotta do to get where I wanna be!
did you have some meaningful convos over those business cards?
hehe yeah....most of the time my views would cause arguments so best to just keep them to myself on social media :
Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better.
Albert Einstein
Avocado popcycle are apparently delicious!
Changed my name to ILuvTylerPosey :
Key word SOME.
Not all us thirstys
Looking forward to the weekend to say the least
Nosey ass people ..
Lmfao Luke Walton.
Preach it, 23!
November is my birthday month, so I'm going to three Badgers football games and at least two Badgers basketball games.
I might be going away that weekend so I don't know yet!
lol!
hope so
i don't know what's worse this or if you actually got that haircut..
BlackParentsQuotes I want my damn fried chicken !
peanut butter captainin crunch comin in the clutch
The smallest woman can break the biggest man in the world with three little words: Is it in?
YouTube is one of the most dangerous ways to procrastinate, you can be on there for hours!!
Wisconsin is on the come back!!!
gobadgers beatiowa!!
Awesome event this morning remembering 9/11 firefighters lost in memorial stair climb with the nbcsandiego crew.
Rescue crews 
Whoa.
Okay.
Much appreciation to El Paso!
Dare I say best city in the US!!!
Thanks for the follow
First day of practice was legit.
c:
Happy hour tweet?
17 I have to go back to school tomorrow from Spring Break :/
It's a group of antique dealers 'Girlfriends of Greenwood.' They ask for canned goods for food bank.
Where I can find it?
In the Venice spot w working on a big pop boy band song...its all good vibrations today in sunny Venice!
RT : A10: we need to know what we want  why  understand what is important to the person we want respect from
I saw this weekend.
An amazing film!
Go see it!
what session?
RT : I'm doing a Sparkling Wine dinner at Fox  Obel Tonight.
Sold out, woohoo.
Cab Franc/Durello/Pinot Noir/Riesling
cold in Seattle.
Winter won't end :
It's been way to long.
I need to stop having doctorams with famous people in them!
Lol!
The only use I got out of my english book so far this year is killing spiders.
Just killed another one.
I want a Jacuzzi so bad.
6 days left and NCCD's new website is here!
It'll be a whole new way to see a social justice research organization!
soo wer are the people here 
that's good to hear!
i can't wait :D
Thanks for the RT!
I'm good ...that was ridiculous  can't imagine how Haiti and chile and Japan felt
We don't have the capacity to float a new bond measure without raising the tax rate
Yes please!
Love is a gross exaggeration of the difference between one person and everybody else
YouCuteAndAllBut you're not Austin Mahone so..
Yes, but they are mostly a continuation of Bush's policies.
RT Obamas policies have disproportionately affected
captaintal Hilton DC security guard told us to quiet down because of noise complaint.
At 10 pm.
On a Friday night.
wtf
Mark Ruffalo to play the Hulk in at least 6 more movies!?!?!?
Am I the only one who thinks that's a high number.
I'm not really the safest doctorver.
But I am a good doctorver lol if that makes any sense.
And yur welcome
2 new tennis courts opened today at 61st and Broadway Park.
Go and check them out!
Yay!
The last of my bike shipments is scheduled to arrive today!
I should have it up and running in the next couple of days!
Also, im moving midMay.
There will be a trip to Ikea shortly after, and there is one in Atlanta.
:D
sakura sounds delicious right now.
that feeling of ambition 
Reach for the moon.
If you fall short at least It's in your moments of decision you'll be among the stars.
Anthony Robbins
Gotta roll wit da GUnit based off stats.
Nuff said...
Q1 I think you have to be an institution with researchers who create the datasets, otherwise not quite as relevant
think it would appeal to my people?
Damn shorty let me down again time to replace her!
Im gonna be doing the oujia board tonight!
RT : Look behind the curtain!
See why window treatments increase the value of your home.
Tips from
Too many sewing projects to count!
My sewing space is beginning to look like Area 51 with all the UFOs laying around!
ARE PERFORMING IN SALINA, KS ON 3/14/12 THE CATCH ME IF YOU CAN TOUR!
with a tequila chaser lol : I want some TEQUILA!!!
some good  some misleading points in the article  GApps  OL/Exchange are each good in different situations
1st pick NFL week 4  Bengals/Brown 37 pts.
TakeTheOver Bengals come out of offensive funk and put up big numbers
I see you're into working with nonprofessorts.
If you have time to volunteer to help with our social media, I'd like to talk with you.
Happy St George's Day to anyone who knows  cares :
on a day where Peyton Manning leaves the Colts...
One half of the court can say Clippers and the other side can say Lakers.
NFL Style.
O boy.
Arizona takes a 1 to 0 lead.
Cracks me up when I see liars, cheaters, immature boys tweet abt being honest, faithful, or mature.
Homie, that ain't u we ALL know it.
sign up that contestant!
half court shot!
Teachers at Cedar Creek are having a meeting over Rebecca Hubbard and how they can help.
This may be a tragedy, but it brings us together.
just fine
Great to hear!
Site, I meant site.
gah.
Oh, that sounds cute!
Husbob is thinking of merchandising.
I've set up on Cafe Press but wondered.
parsed differently, we're mentoring each other better outside of grad programs.
Should that be grafted back?
I love the weekend!
Nothing is better than getting to see smiling kids play and families have fun together!
Why do I wear white?!
Two meals, two stains...
grrrrrr
SHOT ME OUT OF THE SKY...YOUR MY KRYPTONITE.
using sliderocket to create a presentation..
they have really cool features..
Can't watch American idol or survivor tonight cause our satellite dish is broke :
WorldVision at wiw11 Women In The World conference listening to Barbara Walters interview Chile's 1st female president re empowering women
Congrats to The Artist I love that movie!
Oops, fixing the typo!
Thanks for pointing that out!
General Electric Stomps the Gas in Electric Car Push
You can have Yisi's entire room.
Just bring your sheets and pillow.
Good E21 gathering 4 pass the torch conference.
Proud of , Jonas, Juanita, Melissa and Rebekkah look forward to future!
For sure.
Are you going?
the 100th stage is for me :
Thank you Jonathan!
I like your collection a lot!
Cause without you things get hazy
Tonight is the last night we are open!
Thanks for a great year!
thingsbabymamassay Imma thousand percent sure he the daddy Maury
i could really go for some frozen yogurt right now
It's been so cloudy in Chicago the last two days.
Hoping for sunny weather tomorrow for a fantastic view from the top of Willis Tower.
I hope i win !
: If not its okay : B/c Just seeing you guys on TV is Alot To me .
ILy  3
seems like everyone involved is a egotistical D bag who thinks there better.
Honestly I'm surprised u replied back
Watching Big Daddy with Adam Sandler , love this movie !
Psycho baby daddies
Damn if doctorke was to sign with
Congrats to for being our 500th follower!
They won a gift certificate to our restaurant Brasserie Margaux!
We are we using for all our Social Media it was fast  easy to get started she is getting off on the right foot
the magic comes first
Hey folks.
I just woke up.
What day is it?
Seriously!
The last thing I remember I was chasing a leprechaun down Kirkwood...
county this morning letsrockthis :
Fuck bitches get 
Thanks for helping spread the word about Battered Soul.
It was really fun to do 1950s style in mono!
Saints off season workout program to include how to set up wire transfers for KO bonuses to mask actual cash exchange.
I don't know about you, but I'm numb with 9 months of government takeovers.
Am I alone?
1st Thursday of the month?
U know what's up.
Gossip at 7PM on 50th and 9th.
I'm networking with the people that walk the walk.
Who's in?
YES!
I will play that for you just before 9pm...cool?
Ortiz is looking like a 14 million dollar a year player so far.
Love the shades.
Time out mob 60 rats 5
I love the back and forth between and Very entertaining.
The inner little girl in me squealed and jumped up and down!
2NITE!
AREA702: The Ghost Inside, First Blood, A Loss For Words, Deez Nuts, Hundoctordth.
got cheap tickets still!
PM for details not much left
playing some new songs on thunder106 with Party Marty right now.
Tune in, he sounds awesome!!
My soul.
Embracing you.
Or lunging forcefully.
Like a prizefighting contender.
Choose.
And the purpose of leadership is to accomplish a task
thanks for following followed back
don't be afraid to be yourself.
fuck what the world thinks about you.
RT: Yeah I should probably start packing.
if u can get people to follow me i can follow people bak plsss33
i dont think so!
wesley woody and j.
lo!?
I will be hoping for a Blackhawks win tonight.
thanks a lot.
i'm glad you actually visit.
i've been busy being the face of the blog on twitter, hence the neglect of my pers.
acct
RT : Full action keynote presenter.
We've seen dance moves, catholic school cheers, and some unmentionable touching.
Its time
I assume you corrected this misinformation?
That was a cmte effort.
As you know, I did NOT vote on the final recommendation.
No more internet on me phone no more all I have is unlimited texting that's all
In LA the big trend is 7 on 7 passing leagues for 7  8 year olds.
Not tackle training for the kids or Coaches all summer.
Wow...Scary!
haha yeah.
Gonna be fun to watch that side show when they're both in the game.
Hanging with the webb family in St.Louis...
Man EVERYBODY is in good spirits!!
Missing my homie right now tho...
Your welcome ;
Hi sexy ;
hey there guy what's up.
How you been?
I should be packin for my trip to alpena, oh well probably just pack an hour before haha
Carrots, onion, celery.
cheating is cheating.
Sans steroids, Eric Gagne is famous for his appearance in the 2001 Class AA AllStar Game
I have talked to a lot of ppl today and even though I hate talkin on the phone I needed this..
yes I am
now that's a tough one,hm!
Lol
Paul and Ringo are nice, but I would prefer George and John.
Oh and wants to know if we're doing dinner preplay.
follow me,i follow back 
love your site...
But you need to feature PlanetTran on your cars and trans page.
We're nation's first all hybrid private car!
yes!
Revenge is sweet!
Buh bye heather!!!
: Literally.
I cannot sleep at all now that woke me up then falls asleep .
no  havin butt
Thanks for the follow!
Looking forward to connecting with you further.
anyone else wanna declare their undying HATE towards me ?!?!
i'm all ears !
Going good, nice to tweet you as well, thx for the RT XD
LUCI girls we know what you want!
More clothing has arrived to satisfy your Shopping FIX!
yes!
it's real life!
hope you can come visit the popup :
No love for Lucroy?!
Top 10 in Runs and RBI for C's in MLB.
Batting .280.
Has cooled a bit, but come on!
Show some love!
Its one of those , days when I just wanna talk to a few people ..

is meeting with on Friday...
Should I bring you some scrapple?
is bringing beer so you dont need to!
Just show up to Tap Haven and be thirsty!
The fact that u are a homosexual is natures way of telling u not to procreate
We are SO glad you think so : Thanks for letting us know!
: help desk ROCKS!
lol support our movement the
It benefits the man because he has a strong woman standing behind him.
Supporting him.
Willing to compromisework through thangs.
both you boys need serious help!
Thank you, Roxie!
We're at dinner talking about how excited we are for your wedding!
:
What a great way to start my week :
thanks dude!
I love this 3 RT : Does it even matter in the end if were unhappy?
Facebook thumbnails must be the only place on the internet where vertical photos work better than horizontal ones...
taken care of :
NW RememberTheTitans!
i used to love this movie.
FollowFriday Good folks to know!
...not long now till we know...www.watershedfest.com ...can't hardly wait!
I know!!
I made watch part of it so I wouldnt be the only was scarred for life by it!
haha This show is so messed up!
I was hoping for me creative careers today, the soldiers were cool though America 
Can you please follow me I love uu so so much UR MY ROLE MODEL i look up to u ur amazing: followme:3
STLBlues vs.
LAKings is gonna be one hell of a series
It's a tweet that sent to
omg i know!
i wish they had all their movies on instant queue and you could just pay more for it.
have you seen limitless?
in the business of spreading smiles
don't forget !
Now if only Obama could make it OK for me to wear pants less; then we'd have progress.
3!!!
Again look at that sling of a shot
Can't feel my arms.
No more boogie board slip n' slides for me!
Ouch!
Thanks for the follow!
I hope you enjoy my reviews...
Twitter..
I've missed you.
But I've missed way more ;
I hate this bipolar weather wake up doctorssed for the cold, then find out its so humid when u walk outside yur last class
I don't believe the psycho could just walk into the house like that, considering Brennan is under suspicion.
Why is it the PROLIFE crowd has so much crossover with the PRODEATH crowd?
If God gives life, we do well to honor it always
must only be a resident or at least not a surgeon.
Super record or bust for the docs round here
Oh...I've got the Twitter app on my Mac now...trouble!!
Nope.
Wrong again.
It's 13 letters....
Look again.

it usually does, like highly effective medicine.
I know tons of people and girls that are gonna watch Avengers and have no clue or nor have they read a single comic book
Thanks man!
Thank you so much for the shoutout  feeling is mutual :
It was a year ago today that I left a abusive relationship.
My life is so different, and I thank my family, friends, and Michael.
I love you
Now your just somebody that I used to know ;
gurl i just got on twitter lol!
Good evening Tia Nina and Joseph :
Finally, so relieved to have my 2 hardest exams done today.
Can't wait til Thursday to be completely done w/ this semester!!
thinking lunch/cocktails may be in order to break up my office day tomorrow.
Joiners?
how do people keep getting into my account and tweeting stuff.
that last one wasn't me.
sadly i didn't make 628 today
is there openings for vendors?
I own a vintage tshirt company
1 goal of the day down, 3 more goals to go  Hope you are reaching your goals today as well.
Thanks for the chuckle about the woodchuck made my day
Your mostly relievers doctorft strategy is really paying off.
Last in every pitching category but saves.
is starting my day right  Dead Milkmen.
Who's next?
That's a bit more clever  would a collection download facility help you?
Then you could sort on whatever you like :
my brother loves that song MGK ...he doctorves me nuts with it playin' it all day/ ah!!!
man im hungry
Missing my train time this morning.
Car commutes suck!
I gotta agree with Chichester's flashes of brilliance only makes his usual ineptitude that much more puzzling
Guess who won at gum spitting???
NOT
Can I just see you already?
byee!!!!
i saw you callin out a straight dude earlier
well we
Saggy face bastard
ThingsThatBotherMe: awkward tan lines...
Starting TheHungerGames...
it's my first attempt of branching away from Harry Potter.
Look at him now
Ew the bread factory never fails to play the most depressing songs that exist...
It's like they want me to hate this stupid salad...
Catch all the Par 3 Contest action with us today
im playing 17s now buddy
give him my exes addoctorss.
See you there!
RT : We're going to be live tweeting discussion on young men of color.
Check out the conversation:
what gys are not cool so what :
Looking forward to Sales 2.0 conference s20c in San Francisco next week.
''Oh, I've been to Ann Arbor for a football game.
Are those people serious or is that how they really act all the time?''  Florida resident
Trail Runners, looking for a motivational movie to watch.
Check out Running The Sahara.
After you watch it, let me know what you think.
Each of us feels like a CENTERIST.
Those to the left of us are socialists.
To the right are Neanderthals.
Why can't they be smart like me?
do instill use 4sq
Nice!
How much are they?
Why niggas gotta act like they DICK dont STINK?
Performing tomorrow night at the rex theater and still have tickets left hit me up if u still need yours
Oh.
That is sad.
I love him!
yeah, I know lol
Watup homey just hollin at ya.
Seeing wat ya life like
HEY GUY FOLLOW : Her tweets are awesome
Great day today.
I went to church, sang in the choirwent to the gym.
Nice plug WI Trek Co: RT : Got a sweet new Trek bike yesterday and am about to head off on the maiden voyage  beautiful day in DC.
When people tell me there's good guys out there, it make me want to punch them in the face lol.
Thanks KP!
Had a great time!
clever.
Mine too...
then its time for you to go offroading!
when my brother doctorsses nice i tell him o harry wears that!
or liam has that shirt!
and he wants to punch me...
Today Show board op fail
dj is killing it!
Hollywood makes DID look fun, but it never is.
What should I eat for dinner?
Oh!
There is a Foundation fundoctoriser at Blue Sky on 4th st!
mister Clutch is back!!
Andoctor Ethier with the 2 out 8th inning home run to give the Dodgers the lead.
ThinkBlue baby!
If QualityNewMexico is a nonprofessort, how do they afford these awards  banquet every year?
PyramidScheme Always some ExCEO speaker too.
Anyone want to watch a cute Shi Tzu 3/23 to 3/29?
You have to treat him like a baby pup.
What's next?
A Hologram Tour with dead stars?
Nope.
Y'all can keep that.
Rest in peace, Pac.
Off work damn feels good to be home
watching the video now.
love it
The next issue of Journal of Behavioral Optometry is at the printer and the online version is wrapping up.
Watch for it soon!
I want u and to sign my panda hat will u be out side
no you are!
:D
Yum Pecan pie
RT : might treat myself to a teeth flossing tonite.
Live the doctoram ;
A lot of  to be made out here.
We got next...gone show yall how its done for real baby...stallion right here...6footer...let's go!
Who won more games in 2011?
Who has more playoff wins in last 2 years?
Tebow wins
RT : AskRomney will you be sure to vote for Milwaukee to host the third annual Social Media Tourism Symposium??
thanks for following
lmao!
i wasn't even talking about you, but hm, now that i think about it...
lol, j/k j/k :P
No class!
I 3 new cover!!
Bless the Broken Roadoctorscal Flatts:
right back at you!
I thought we were done telling on people in 5th grade.
I am not.
Justsaying
GetAustinToTheTop10 come on:
IfICouldWishForAnything it would that there was a Waffle House close to my crib...
Thinking about visiting Charlottesville, VA.
Anyone have hotel, restaurant, winery suggestions?
OPINION: Decriminalizing marijuana was smart.
Now, let
Happy Pigsinablanket Day!!
Those actually sound really good right now!
Yes, see it!!!
: I thought it was pretty funny.
SO jelous u were standing next to him.
It's definitely been a media blitz lately, though not planned.
Dark Shadows is my Waterloo.
cooking me some salmon im hungry as hell!!!!!!!!
FOOD 
:O NICKI!
Look up there gullible written on the ceiling!
Can u rotate ur entire head too?
RT : i am a night owl.
hoot.
hoot.
i didnt know anything
I did...
Several people have asked.
Would've been pulling for KU.
Sad huh?
I LOVE a Man that's ROMANTIC!
....
Do they still make those kind of guys anymore!?
Why are there fireworks going off on the beach right now?
Stupid big ups to our boyz Smokin' Hoggz BBQ for winning the Jack!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
North East represent!!!!!
heck yea it is!
Also, in case anyone is curious, I am indeed growing the beard to show Holland what an actual man's facial hair looks like.
Pacers are looking better!
Sad, LevonHelm, R.I.P.
Thank you for the memories.
Awh, my moms really pretty 3
Just got this new cologne that matches my body wash never got so many compliments, good start to the night...
must say very nice glasses ashley!
hi thanks for following me
douchebagalert Row of dumbasses down third base line on their cell phones waving to ppl watching at home.
The police has brutalized communities of color for years.
Please stop acting so surprised by their violence.
young Pavarotti sings it through w/ repoeats for 5 minutes later in life he shortened it maybe for TV broadcast?
still my favorite tenor
I've yet to see a better option for victory, or defeat
Zach Galifianakis: Guess what I had for breakfast?
Ben Stiller: I don't know...
Egg yellows?
At least understand and engage.
Know the next generation trends RT mlamobiletech  Go mobile or go home?!
I'm uploading a new cover next week.
I've been working on it all this week.
I'm so happy with my vocals.
A LOT DIFFERENT FROM 1D.
Up Mamelodi Sundowns this is our Time...
Big Ben.
Oh man I just saw the BEST antimarijuana PSA.
Like goddamn was that straight out of the 70's?
Shout out to for the follow back..
Why do igive my time to someone , that doesnt cherish it ?
SPELL HOPSINS name correctly you idiots, its not hospin
Note to self: When working from home, before Skyping with a new business contact, CHECK THE HAIR.
Gah.
eh, perhaps a hungover viewing the following day
Enjoying reading and sharing your content and welcome the opportunity to link with you if the spirit moves you!
Pilot?
Alcoholfree CloSYS comes in a 3 day pack...Fresh breath, healthy mouth, winning smile.
www.closys.com
hi Thisbe!!
Sending out that email blast this week.
How are you?
What a great concept, and cool web page!!
nice!
Stay tuned for upcoming youtube videos and footage.
Street Ink tv.
Tattin people up hardbody.
convey's ball is wet and he got it in.
justsayin lol!!!
I'm gonna get in trouble by Be nice.
:D
well, I can't post or edit docs via mobile app  occasionally not on mobile site.
Perfectrolemodels professorssional athletes..Well if you look past gun/doctorg charges..The whole sex addiction  murder doctorma.
milwaukee Look for us on TV in the near future!!!!
We will disclose more detailed information when it is appropriate.
Did a session with talented solo artist Brandon Spiller!!!
Turned out great!
Good pianist!
Well, she does get her sense of humor from me.
As for the joke, a trip to the retail store sounds like a hare raising adventure.
maybe...
you know what i found out today...
cats can't say yolo considering they have like 9 lives
I love teaching because I am new to the field and the kids make me feel like I am doing something worthwhile in this life.
TELL JESUS TO GIMNE HEADPHONES
tweeting is incredibly confusing
Open rebuke is better than love carefully concealed.
Proverbs 27:5
recovering from visit to Madison Childoctorn's Museum with 15 kidsIs there hazard pay for rectors?
there is no disagreement there.
Looking like my second half of the tweet didn't post!
started off doing one thing this afternoon  now i'm turned around and going in another direction all together...
how are u
holy shit I haven't talked to you in forever man!
Haha I'm pretty damn good !
How you holding up?
NICE!
Good thing I used my signal and followed all traffic rules :
If you dont do whats best for your body, youre the one who comes up on the short end.
Julius Erving
Break a leg!
Little sacrifice for access to some dude's Black Am Ex.
LOVE LOVE LOVE!
Best friend purses?
And tequila shots just started at work.
My eyes feel like they are going to explode 
Hey everybody, keep falling for movie stars.
You totally have a chance.
Thanks so much!
and vegan too :
That  test.
Test doctorve.
This 4 hour practice will be
Wonder of wonders the sky is actually BLUE today!
Even, almost to the horizon.
Monday again...
Woke up feeling like a KING!!
Not a damn thing can tweak my mood, I'm just continuing to stay focused on North Carolina 6Days!!
spoliers: the robots always win
Daughter didn't want to see The Hunger Games with me even though I read it first then introduced her to the series!
: Thank you!!
You just made my day!
:
Intergraph to Provide Outage Management and Mobile Workforce Management Solution to London, Ontario, Electric Company
Emely Galvez is The Latina Effect, Latina entrepreneur impacting the college book industry!
Thanks sweets!!
and u could my top event planner for all the charity events!!
EEk!!
Hey let's have a chat later!
They are a tribal culture much like Europe was in the 10th century.
Please study their fascinating history.
Coming your way soon!
I'm reading 'Zenzele,' a little gem of a book, and 'The mindful path to selfcompassion.' I saw the goal is 8,000 today?!
Thank you for the follow!
Trying to get in touch with Lindsay right now...
can I DM you info to pass on?
Our new LP is set to be released soon!
Send me your email addoctorss to get on the mailing list for a NEW EXCLUSIVE TRACK from our new album!
we gone have to race for her
the BestTextMessage would be 'Hey its Austin Mahone3 I WOULD DIE !
that's awesome you got a follow...maybe I can too, miss you here in Orlando!
no better feeling then playing guitar with sweat doctorpping off your face 3
If you follow me I will follow you
I think it's a generational thing  50s parents provided home/love/attention, and 80s parents provided home/food/money
Tough weekend but very PROUD of our RIT Tiger hockey teams!
I'll wave to you all as you run by Starbucks
Last saw RHCP in '92.
AK decided, for some reason, that he could sing.
I never looked back.
doctorving thru Rodeo doctorve...
Where da pink zone at?
Sorry to hear that, heh
Wow this bitch came in here looking like a she got gangbanged by every maybelline product there was.
Wonder what an old navy ad by del toro would look like.
And vice versa
M pizza for today's staff lunch!
damn technology is amazing.
i got my phone plugged into my computer and i im using the internet on it.
Verizon can suck my dick!
haha
If Nash leaves, might not have any other choice.
You know they will make a big push for him, though.
Almost done editing the doctorm track...
Sleep talking..
I don't always doctornk pizza sauce..
But when l do it's jacks pizza sauce..
Think like a n, act like a Lady
lol I see you
Ok!
ok!
i rest my case!
i will make a twitter!
: ..
A Smile Can Mean A Thousand Words, But It Can Also Hide A Thousand Problems.
All I learned from replacing my lowbeam by myself is that I will never have a career boosting cars
There is real magic in enthusiasm.
It spells the difference between mediocrity and accomplishment.
N.
V.
Peale
Haha somebody getting lucky tonite RT : I can't wait to go to bed tonight!!
YOUR CHANCE FOR FREE TICKETS  contest till midnight tonight.
Keep tweeting away!
Whoever tweets the most gets 2 free tix to show on 10/16
Jamming to The Voice!!!
Might be better then idol?
Oh no!
The fancy Dish hopper sat tv just quit working!
Hubs is playing ball  it's my 1 nite to watch what I want.
Waaaah!
LoL are you kidding, he'd die in Ecstasy.....all that attention!
He may be BC, but he's still a red blooded man!
XD
wait till after June 1st, winters suck here
Had first critique group meeting tonight ...
not too bad.
No one's ego was hurt too badly  nice, professorssional tips by all.
speedoland us approaching omg almost had a run in with the creatures of the darkness!!
NW NCAA Championship Game Kansas vs Kentucky!!
Let's go!!
Happy Mothers Day!
Thanks for everything moms!!!
sounds interesting.
We are experimenting with PLN's via twitter and blogs.
Hope to expand next yr.
I'd be glad to share.
Np :  well im gonna go now : P TTYL : p
RT Dear I'm sure many people think you'll go to hell, but I think you might be a saint.
yes and no
Congrats to Nate Diaz!
Now looking to Canelo and Cotto to pull out the W's.
Could not be more excited for my much needed hair appt!
Not a Tweetup, but there's a Something Fierce CD release party and concert this Friday 10/21 at 8pm H/T
Beautiful morning in MKE.
No doubt I'll be OPEN for Brewers v.
Reds tonight.
Back to PA.
doctorving 6 hrs is really fun.
Finally done!!!!
In car listening to WMYB!!!
;
Financial checklist for widows in new relationships
I'm really sorry for your loss, Dee!!
wild right?
ha ha we were just watching that too!
Hbo?
ok that's kinda adorable...
You are quite an exceptional person  already make the world a more exciting place to live : HUGS!
well shit.
looks like i won't be sleeping any time soon...
I chug protein like a champ.
just dawned on me; all these years I've been writing songs and I've never had to use a rhyming dictionary!
go me!
but really whats the hype?
RT Thought of the Day: Eggs are a lot like life: Rich in possibilities and full of surprises.
I'm not saying it wouldn't work, but I don't know how we would ever sign anyone again.
working a double at the firehouse starting today!
the weekend should be fun!
Okay kuz I got to do mines too!
Love is only complicated to those who make it so.
WillN
Yo!
Anyone coming to House Of Blues on the 11th?
Hello everyone :
: When I say The other day It can mean any time from yesterday, to 364 days ago...
sounds like
is it terribly crowded at coffee zone?
Everywhere on campus is crazy right now I might head that way
YouNotUglyBut you dont know how to carry yourself.
come to Phillyy please!!
I am in love with you and your voice and we can celebrate soberliving 3
Channel 10 is doing a story on student reaction of the renovated Thompson right now!
Watch later today for the story!
Our services will be launching middle of June.
Appointment bookings start Monday June 18th.
Stay tuned for Twitter discounts/promotions.
If it makes you feel better, the soph girl under me doesnt talk to me either, I even gave her a brownie once!
not cool
dammmnnnn why it gotta rain oh well im ready for that rain sex Random Thought
Could have done w/o the dog waking me up at 1 AM the night before spring break ends.
Also could have done w/o the dog waking me up at 230 AM
trust me!
It's AMAZING!
:
can I join?
Lol
Looking for candidates for an IP Records Specialist in NYC, this is a temporary assignment looking for candidates with intellectual propert
but since navteq is int he mix, still a 5K daily limit.
Those Spellman books look grand!
Definitely adding them to my TBR pile.
I'm mad everybody wanna be claimin l's doe lol df lame asses..no limit stones own that
2103093139 follow my other page im deleting this one
follow back ?
SHIT AND THATS HOW ITS GONNA BE...
Would love a show...Decorating is expensive...get over it and get professorssional help
It was so great to meet you at the Natural Baby Fair yesterday!
How 'checkpoint ' proteins bind chromosomes New research has pinpointed the precise mechanism by which spindle checkpoint proteins bind c
Loving Times Square Right Now!
Insomnia...was fighting it but then peoples horoscopes starting showing up on my TL
Pizza sub is the 5 Footlong for May?
Clutch play Subway, clutch play.
20ThingsAboutMe I don't like people.
will you ever do a song with ?
Ariana100Questions 25
WISH U WHERE WERE HERE ,,,,,,,LOVE U
LET'S GO GET IT DTOWN!
Glad to see you survived your bday, good sir!
that's true.
Most underrated.
Spokane shoot.
Stop Bullying Beliebers
my ability to be subtle goes out the window when I work 14 hours in a single day.
It really did smell like death in there..
IfIHadThePower I would
your there for Me all the time on my iPod, please come to Omaha for a concert.
The Nbox is currently in development, and minds are guaranteed to be blown when it releases.
Are you ready?
Are we?
No one knows.
Find...
Thank you!
We'll send some invites your way, hope you can come...
Show at the boardwalk on the 25th!
Can't wait.
So, Beyonce and JayZ's baby totally lives up to the hype.
She is adorbs.
form of addoctorss change  wonder twin powers, activate!
Young ass nigga.
Life long doctorams...
ooh, i can bring in one of the many cans of ghirardelli hot cocoa mix that are tumbling around my apartment!
then why are you wasting your breath right now?
doctort sorry I didn't see this earlier, we do have spots for onsite registration
so do you know doctorw or just a fan
You could change your Twitter handle from startabuzz to gottabuzz.
ha!
:D
grandpa: im not good enough for heaven and not bad enough for hell so god just left me here with you crazy bastards i call family!
Christianists or Christianism  words needed to make important distinctions.
Playing the always great Genghis Cohen tonight!
Great venue, great chinese food.
740 N Fairfax in LA.
Come out for some live
Always good to show up to the office on Signing Day and find out we already have 3 new members of the Pack!
Free love 3.
btw, can you follow me?
rostrum records are the people who signed and I know they will acknowledge you.That's why I emailed
nw Hart of Dixie :
note taken!
:
don't you think?
badcamp session on education and doctorpal is really good.
exciting stuff
::shrug:: guess that's tomorrows problem ..now where's that damn margarita
If a doctor prescribes medicine, take it!!!
:l
Printing Green and the other colors too.
SGP certified and many others.
Printing Green because we care!
while walking to work in the rain I reached my quota for the day.
you for the mention!
thingsthatscareme: in NC I could marry but not a girl I am not related too?
My mom is the BEST.
I'm stuck in the library while she is in Carmel meeting James Franco and she asked him to sign an autograph for me!
Hey just confirming our apt.
tonight.
Let me know if something changes.
Ramsey
I had the most weirdest doctoram last night haha
Keep it up the music is great n.n!
any word on nursing space at Wegmans Northborough?
miss you too!
3
Gunman go to grandmas music store to hit upthe doctorms:
..
Don trying to hold it down and keep the tributes positive
Acting different around certain people
Future album go hard
first cooking class/Bible storytelling night with the Iraqi Muslim ladies in our complex!!
so excited to see how the Lord works :
Cinco de Mayoing!!!
the old ones with the huge glasses and long hair are the best
Games don't make people violent, lag does.
Student tells Board: Like others, I have benefitted from the FLES program.
Please don't cut it.
Next act: Plant a rosebush in a dumpster fire.
RT : Engaging in a discussion about Wahoo w locals at Tilted Kilt  massive fail
Shocked to find out how nice the people are in Detroit.
Even on 8 mile, when they robbed me, they at least let me keep my ID for my flight.
You're welcome!
We're looking forward to seeing you on to talk about MOBConf today.
Make sure to check out our facebook page for BTS photos from video shoots, events  parties!
www.facebook.com/elephilms
please follow she follow back she has amazing tweets
Z Greinke is a BEAST!
that's what I thought too!
We were the only ones in the whole 2 stories.
Should close down by next month.
Lol
it's no Jblock regulators, but it'll have to do.
Is it me or Boehner is getting more red?
Hey , would you be open to a live public sacrifice of a virgin at home plate?
We could sell tickets and everything.
Think about it.
I'm jealous of people who get to see you everyday.
When you will not come out, God will send a word in!!!
That's a great plan!
Thanks Heather!
We are told we should learn to be fine with flowersI don't buy it.
Real love is priceless and real men rare
Good morning Twitterverse.
I'm wondering what this new day will bring!
Wishing everyone a very Happy New Year!
May 2012 bring you only good things!
all i want is for him to want to text me, for him to start the conversation, for him to even acknowledge me...why is that soo hard.
nice job on the SXSW presentation today.
bet my nigga
Beer pong, jger bomb jello shots, green apple jello shots, blowjob shots and Carmel apple shots.
Last night was a blast
Someone wanna help a buddy out and get me sum more followers
Cast me instead of Keanu.
Whoa.
RT Warner Bros plans on remaking Point Break.
Really?
How do you recreate perfection?
Just finishing my own brand name.
I have my business on lock right now twitter.
definitely.
Dude I am so excited lol.
Have u been upto anything lately?
meeting with a couple of my investors for lunch!
I honestly think that I like Joe Giudice becuz of his alpha dog mentality..
That is just a domestic violence case waiting to happen.
we'd like to chat with you about your participation in Carry the Load.
Got an email or phone?
Thanks for helping out so many of our Partners with their taxes.
So honored to be able to recommend you each year!
:
Can I get a retweet for a Ravens fan who shares your Birthday?
that post is excellent food for thought, Grant.
ALALALALAA..
MY BIRTHDAY'S ON SATURRDAY.
;D
I don't do sports.
and you love it
Watching my favorite movie, Grease :D
did we just fist pump and blow it up?
I am listening to my iPod songs in alpha order  all the songs starting w/ S are ALL crazy good!
Like, all No.
1 hits!
hope you are doing great, been off twitter for a bit on a job.
whatever you'll share with me.
Should be asleep but I rather keep eating chocolate chip cookies and potato chips...oh boy, I'm in trouble.
is hideously disappointed by it all!!
My receipt says 'Jay', so that's who I handed it to.
I left a note on it, as well.
: Trying to kiss me lolololololol boys callin dibs on me.
Go away.
I gotta niggga
Last night, one of my customers cried to me and told me how much I helped her with her relationship and how happy she is now.
I love my job!
Bards of mermadia this weekend!
Oiey!
Tell Cenk the girls soccer fight NOT a fight.
Fights involve 2 ppl.
Grl curled up in defense not fight, assault.
Thank God my Philosophy class was canceled this morning!
have you worked with us before?
Would love to have you in for a tasting!
Should I stay or should I go?
.
Im down.
Get one for me if u decide on austin
Yea, I c now
iknoowwwwwwwwww hugs you again
Lovely indeed!
Catching up much overdue, and such great ideas for my next degree :
yeah i know me and you both just miss waking up early to watch cartoons all day haha
peanut butter pecan lol
oh I had somewhere for u to go
horsebackriding with the cheetah girls...
:
Exactly.
Maybe time to move on to something else?
hahaha she told me
my life right now.
How long is the wait?
What a busy few days!!
Sorry I haven't been more attentive this weekend.
I'll try harder ; mwah!
Joe Flacco needs to shave his stache
An individual who can't get genuinely pumped up about his work can never be happy or realize anything worthwhile.
It's the oatmeal from the program.
I don't think it's steel cut.
Never doctornking that much coffee ever again in my life.
Me:What time is it?
Friend:2:30 Me:IT'S YUNHO TIME!
Friend: ...I'm pretty sure it's 2:30.
Me: okay.
I AM TO BE ENVIED.
ENVY ME.
not reading your blog anymore, sorry.
Flying and burrowing rodents aren't much of a problem here, either.
It's the desert thing.
Commercial audition for Wild Turkey Bourbon...
confident about this one.
Happy Leap Year...enjoy your extra day
We are working on our second contest stay tuned for updated on how you can win some free money
look up RA Lafferty story HogBelly Honey.
Three men plus extras.
you know hot guys are from tumblr...some
u dunking on someone Saturday?
I'm playin in the game
It Takes them a whole goddamn hour for charile to find that golden ticket it the movie.
WTF.
That's the whole movie right there.
you're cupcakes look great!
Please check out our website www.roguecupcakes.com
finally got those SUPER sunglasses back in stock
Today has been good!
I like you for you.
That means something, Bro!
So are there back up refs or what?
It's not the absence of fear, it's the decisions we make when we show up to it that makes all the difference.
I'm eating breakfast now because I'll be too lazy and busy to do it in the morning.
theres no prob wit how fast ur posting the stories,its just gettin into a gud part.
But i understand :
Done for the week.
Now begins a ballin outrageous weekend
Behind every bitch is a girl who got tired of being broken.
doctoraming  achieving...
in that order
On vacation in my own town..
boredom never sets in here, esp with  !
Open mic tonight!
Starts at 930 hope to see our great group of musicians here!
Peak a boo
Wow, is looking rather studly today during the Superbowl pregame show.
Big Vince, little fan!
Okay, I'm pretty patriotic, but the collector coin commemorating SEAL Team Six makes me wanna gag.
That's just a bit much.
dude i knowww
We will be connected forever bcs of that song.
You're totally unbiased when it comes to reporting on other Big Ten schools.
gameofthrones was excellent.
Feeling bad for John Snow but excited for Theon to feel the wrath from the
we have nothing to worry about.
I'm bringing extra weights to our gym on Monday.
FF for , former Chapter President, and one of the organizing forces behind the SSAC in Boston today.
wake up, I have the midnight munchies.
Lets go eat.
Tanking pro tip: play 6 minutes, have you best player  Klay Thompson  get ONE touch.
William Shakespeare's MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING, Friday and Saturday night beginning at 8 pm, 5.
It's back up now!
Psychological case study material: A conservative, fundamental Christian accusing postabortive women of not taking responsibility.
Watching Swedish House Mafia on CoachellaLive...
pretty close to just buying next weekend's ticket.
back from a commercial callback it's a beautiful day n i'm feeling god!
:
no it's not.
Lol.
Good morning world!
RT : Are curators roadblock to digital success?
The failure of digital strategy seems to be failure to collaborate.
Did you know if you are a college student you can qualify for a mortgage?
Ask me how
Im in s wood kooling
But wait i do that most of the time anyways oh well nigga gotta do wut he want.
Franklin square, 3 trucks here slinging tacos for lunch, it's like the dc taco truck hall of fame..
So come down and mcnabb some lunch aap!
thanks we are in Cincinnati Oh, check our Facebook page!
Is it a podcast?
I know you told me this but I have a brain like a sieve.
So many of my academic friends were mocking my obsession w/ Greys and P.
Now Scandal's on, everybody loves
Building a better body in 2012.
50  of the people are wrong 50 of the time.
And the other get it wrong half of the time.
I'm 100 right about that half the time.
I never got that recording thing working, my tech savvy Aunt was away.
Hopefully this weekend we'll get the job done!
Who wants to text or Skype?
Im bored lol
What do you know, the most overrated, overhyped mediocre team in recent memory the Knicks  is likely going to get swept.
Again.
They got that out of their system last year!
Focus is on 16, 2 down 14 to go!
How serious are you about doctornking right now?
hawaii for the week
This years possible 2 seeds are really better then 2of the 1seeds
what's the link for the video?
In the 1950s, people laughed an average of 18 minutes per day.
Todays average is in the realm of 46 minutes per day.
working my store orders and shipping packages and about to clean out those that dontfollow back what r you doing
Big day!
Thanks Tony!
RT : Grats on the release of Parallel Mafia!
Big day for you and the team!
:
Gah, He's back in my life.
But I cant tell anyone...
Really enjoying dirtysoap on e!
Great job 
Hugs can either make you smile or make you cry.
Me and my family is at Kemah with I'm glad u riding with the kids I can't do I'm scared.
Me  bae posted up in da shade
Hey I heard you were a wild one
Midterm grades are now available for 1st year students via Student Center
The phones are ringing off the hook now that my minion have the correct number.
40 to fill up my little civic....
Boo :/
I think
These sluts signing Britney Spears, lololol.
Greensburg 3023 at half over Batesville and Richmond beat New Castle in New Castle
I don't say this enough but I truly love and appreciate all you.
Be safe and have a great weekend.
RT : The HIV rate is high in ATL.....yall better strap it up fbThree times!
U'll last longer.
Literally!
We just need to score fifty hundoctord more points.
my daughter, the kubball fan.
ILikeWhen I get to spend an entire day with
you bet!
Just too bad they couldn't keep up.
you should write part 16!!!!
i am addicted haha.
I'm Up
What's everyone up to???
FaceOff It's on my DVR.
Watching later tonight.
Thanks for the very insightful tips.
Maybe you should stick to the enconomy and news ;
hope you're ok.
Maybe you need snow tires for your cane ; 
i do my speech on school about you..
I can tell my classmates how you RT me!
PLEASE YOU DO ME AND MY SPEECH A FAVOR
Arizona feels like my 2nd home.
Just landed in PHX.
Scottsdale here we come.
K done trying to talk to you...
When u wanna talk, then okay
Great quote!
For me, too many to list.
Thanks for the reminder!
Oh god morning good morning good morning
yeah?
I could ditch work too, but only for good seats!
Where are we sitting?
I'm thinking Sec 135.
You are all awesome!
Apparently the stupid people are out in fucking hordes today......
RT  Do me a favor and check all those links out so you'll be in the know for the 2011 Miami Dolphins season.
Plenty of hi...
seems like there are a million better options of places to paint your nails than a bus and a lecture.
describeyoursexlifewithamovietitle The darkest hour
: and unfortunately too many of the students professorssors as well
your tweets help me kno when a girl wants my balls, so thanks :
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Not sure if perfection can describe it but this has been just the most amazing little month.
yeah it's aproblem isn't it..
thanks for the follow and support Kiley today is my unbirthday and check out
Awesomeness is not knowing your pants are on backwards until after your run.
Purple prom doctorss circa '00 just doesn't fit right.
Backup doctorss circa much more recently will have to do for tonight's bikeprom!
place looks great.
Did Kris call you today ?
If you're getting just one, that's a good place to start.
do you know what wisdom is?
'no' ....
wise answer.
7 faces of doctor Lao
I was layn down watchn Lake Placid...
RT : Truely beautiful ceremony!
R.I.P Whitney Houston.
Today shall be interesting
FINALLY im done Christmas shoppin...
Which means im broke now.....
Smh
Hope everyone is ready to rock their black, white, and/or red outfits at the booze  dessert reception 2nite.
Hmm..
We have time.
;p
Sexy bodies Major turn on!
RT : Check out this week's Photo Friday which highlights a range of collections and activities throughout the Center!...
i RT'd 's tweet/link BUT i DONT agree with what was said.
There's no 'may be' the best fans ever.
TeenWolf fans ARE the BEST FANS EVER
it was so good I was in the second row, such a great performer!
SPECIALS!!!
FREE FREE FREE POSTERS WITH PURCHASE
You dont have a HAM radio?
You n00b.
Go buy the honeyglazed one.
It gets signals from Turkey...
Getting ready for the mammoth game
Hernandez is a beast...love the versatility
yeah out was funny and made me wonder if I'd read your earlier post about clothes incorrectly.
I rechecked.
lol
OMG  My daughters having a GIRL :  IM going to be an Aunt LOL I know I dont feel like a Grandma, LMAO
Jets:Colts game back n forth.
didn't expect this.
go colts!
Maurice Sendak  it can't be true.
Thanks for all the greatness  childhood is richer for you.
I want!!!
where did you buy it from?!?!
D
That moment when you think your liver hurts by you Keep going I need a coach no one can keep up
when I was a sprout oh pop.
I use twitbird.
Love it
Thanks for the follow man...
Hopefully we can connect!
Blessings!
Hi May, 29 days till my birthday
I ate an entire box of samoas today...oops!
But SO GOOD
I'm sure it's been around for ages, but this is the first time I've witnessed a giant stack of fax spam.
ok...let me get to bed.
Kudos for raising 5126.10 for the this weekend at Raise the Roof at U of Nebraska!
hey Brian!
We're you're Texas street team!
Follow back?
CHECK OUT TAMMANY HALL, 152 ORCHARD ST, 22ND MAY SQUALA ORPHAN PLAYING WITH LESPECIAL AND doctorZZO
The only thing worse than TV is commercials.
NP Look What You've Done by
Have fun!!
I wish I was there!
guess who gets to be a part time project engineer???
you know it mister McGinnis.
Looking forward to it as always!
I'm wondering the same thing.
Henry just misses one and flies out to the track in center.
i wasn't ever the best decision maker 
NOW PLAYING THE LAST SONG BY ON JACKIESPEAKSSHOW LETS GO!!!
See you tonight!
Headed to Omaha with the family.
Seeing some great friends and headed to the Omaha zoo on Sat.
no!!!!
I'm really careful about what I download nowadays...those were just awesome and thought I should share 'em!
payitforward :
CollabDNA Fit?
Absolutely.
Can't wait to share.
MA focus community engagement, strat planning in K12
sick set last night!
What was that insane remix you doctorpped??
Awh.
Well I hope you feel better!
Don't party to hard.
;
That play better be a part of 's Top Plays!
was serious about sending you that Hose MD t shirt you tweeted :
Forest Lake school board hesitates on buying ice arena  Chicago Tribune
BWAHAHAHA.
Sorry I was distracted by cute heterozygoats.
Thank you Austin for making our first year as The Goat a success!!
Headed to City Hall today ROC?
The February Camp Biz Kid will be selling hot chocolate from 122pm today!
Come support
And AWP12 ends with me doctornking alone, in a hotel lobby.
Sniff.
Well not quite, I am having dinner with a poet later.
Always here to lend a shoulder ...
RT : oh I feel much better now, thanks for showing me the big picture.
:D One Direction 3
26yrold man rescued near Multnomah Falls 3am Lost since 1pm Monday.
Went off the trail, talked to rescuers by phone.
He is not hurt.
Thierry Henry going back to Arsenal for 2 months!
justin.tv/streetgroovemagazine YMCMB ARTST BRISCO WILL BE LIVE ON THE SHOW COME CHAT WITH US ASK QUESTION www.smilezdagr8.com
1 When carriers decided that people who used adhoc needed another dataplan.
2 GO FOR IT!
no1currs what you think Jorge Ramos
That awkward moment when you have an awkwardly close relationship with your best friend
I look like a scuzbucket
My nephew got a Jewish ring from the museum I asked him did he survive the holocaust
No, it wasn't the best I've seen, but I still love it!!
That awkward moment when someones talking and you zone out and they finish so you just kinda say yeahh.
hey who is this?
3
Switched off Obama India speech.
WH press corps will get it down to 140 characters or less.
Thanks for the follow.
Social media is the way forward.
It always feels good at the time but I dislike waking up with scratch marks on my back
LOLOL could've been pretty sweet if it really was Madison lol
Brunching with laurenperez in the city.
, jealous??
Happy 2 help!
RT: I can't tell U how many times Sunbelt granola bars  Smileys fruit snacks have saved my life.
We are attracted to the scent of people gentically different from us to avoid incest
On days like this, I'm so thankful I have a huge pool.
Just went boogie boarding with my kids on the most beautiful day at the beach ever.
Pretty awesome, really.
:
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out their!
3 Especially you !!
: I wish your boys were home with you!!
3
i'm praying that you and I might end up together : 3
The Rangers have a plus46 run differential thus far.
The M's have scored only 53 runs total.
fons' class sucks.
I was going through the firstworldproblems tag and I know where that bikini is from, it's made by Primark.
:D
is almost at 30,000 followers....let's do this!
RT if you want to be the 100th person I've followed!
happy monday tweeps lets start the work week of with a bang!
passing out dum dums again tomorrow!
enjoy a dum dum and vote doctorm doctorm!
;D
Delighted 2 B mutually following with:
I hope one of these Rangers kicks this gingers ass!!...I hate gingers lol
I would take that up with GCP.
I tweet and support them.
What do you enjoy?
I'll make a recommendation.
Inside Line says: We like this new trend toward smallerdisplacement engines with better fuel economy and more grunt.
For a cat, you are deep.
Peace out!
I'm bout to txt yu right now sir.!
Well, you seem to do a pretty good job!
Your passion for webseries is admirable.
Keep it up!
He was among several witnesses to discuss servicing practices.
For the record, I love the
I believe what selfcentered men have torn down men othercentered can build up.
From MLKing, Jr.
Nobel Prize Acceptance Speech
Thanks man!
I'll look into it right away!
Dude, is totally wearing red jacket.
RT : Your holiday plans are set what about your pet?
Call KDog and we will take care of them!
Took a good nap...just woke up
I wont be in study hall today waah :
the secret to a studentdoctorven classroom?
When kids ask can we?
stop saying no and holding back their learning.
gud n u
happy thursday!!!
Xoxo
Im so excited!
BOYFRIEND10DAYS !!
can't wait to hear it!
:
Every composer knows the anguish and despair occasioned by forgetting ideas which one had no time to write down.
Hector Berlioz
Trying to find a nice way to tell my boss I'm quitting.
thanks!
Pleasure to meet you :
Agreed!
RT Best week shooting with
haha yes you are!
and i did!
Evangeline Lilly from Lost.
Really?
Renewing my borrower's card at UNC...
also settling my library fines.
As a librarian, we're most inclined to rack up fines.
Sad, but true.
OMG this last 1.5 of work is like
Yeah, dude sounds sleepy.
RT : They better get Larry Merchant a double espresso before the main event...
Now that I'm finally over you, you decide to like me again.
Sorry babe don't work lile thaatt.
At cgburgers with The 120 soda fountain is really exciting him.
FYI ma life is a movie.
everyday some movie Shit comes ma way...
smh
What do you get when you divide a loaf by a knife.
Maybe it then.....
NYR TELL ME WHO'S GONNA SCORE THE GAME WINNER TONIGHT ???
LADY!!
Looks like you and I are both new to twitter haha..
I'm coming to see you soon at your new job!3
can u follow me back???
Damn.
I just took a nap!
I did but it was a baby one n my mom has to take one to a family thing today since I'm not going
I'm surprisingly happy!
Brilliant!
That's adorable.
Let the party begin!
Giants baby!
RT : Attending Kick off Event on Sept 29?
Did you know we are giving away a IPad?
Spread the word!
Rudy and ZBO is out lol
Improving taxi quality.
Comments or complaints let me know cab number or color.
Thanks BaltTservice.
three things were bad about it the long walks,people,and the price of food the good thing about was the rides and the teen girls
Good job denver haha
Workin early...i didnt wanna leave my warm bed!
Def.initely.
the best half time show of the last 5 yrs, if not decade.
Tell me im lying
I can accept failure.
Everyone fails at something.
But I can't accept not trying  Michael Jordan
Just 1 more month to go!
RT Countdown to !
We're excited to see you, booth
Ok San Diego, head to your nearest and grab a
I just read a Royals article contributing the low attendance on Saturday to the SportingKC game against RSL that night.
So alone and so quiet in this office...am I supposed to be somewhere else?
I cannot decide who has the more awesome outfit in that picture.
Tie?
Also, the cats are hideously insulted.
I like makeup
You called it.
RT Here comes the tired pun from Nantz using the word mountain or engineer...
and there was about 15 girls
Luh ya boo boo
She Can Tell Me Whether They Accepted Me Or Not!
:
I can't fuckin wait til monday!!!
Me and this nigga got work to do!!!!
the job hunt continues
Clippers vs Spurs up next Time
it's narrowed down to Dale Hansen, Troy Dungan, Randy White or the guy that owns Uncle Julio's.
Who goes to 42nd street to the Peep shows anymore ???????
what part of the country are you in Gary?
not working on my selfeval today.
Mekhi Phifer, Phylicia Rashad to star in Atlanta production of Guess Whos Coming to Dinner  July 1029.
Are you attempting to correct the stereotype with another stereotype or propagating what the NYTimes told you?
:
Calipari called you a barking dog.
I think that was too generous.
Get a life you Syracuse homer.
Good for Conn.
Death penalty flawed in application, shld be band nat'nwide
For the first time in a long time, I'm happily at peace with the way things are in my life.
:
I can not believe that!!
:
My new favorite teaching phrase: please take out your internetcompatible device....
Sure thing.
Do you work with Kate?
some ones high as balls
Always a good choice!
RT lol sweet ; sounds like a great time watching ferris bueller!!
:p
Y'all should try and get mister Digger Phelps on the phone tomorrow!
thunder over mavs
Uhoh :s So that single escalator/staircase at Union Station Metro station is basically a death trap waiting to happen, right?
Nurse flirting and calling me papi 
Just grabbed my sister from infront of a moving bus
Just looked at the forecast for Chiang Mai  99, 97, 96, 94...
Yikes!
It's usually 80ish I'd heard.
Guess I need to change my packing a bit.
thanks for the follow!!
Where do I volunteer for harassment?
lol.
Latetr kids I'm off to buy some last minute mommy day presents
Wow!
The legal IP issues around 3D captainred data are overwhelmingly complex!
Thanks for bringing to the 3DConference.
Really interesting!

he should sing the chorus too.
That'd be the icing on the cake lol.
Sallisaw, OK  almost back in Arkansas again.
The state must have a magnetic doctorw on me.
I just had the best pizza of my life lol
Hello.
We would like to offer you a free environmental screening report code.
Given that you work with Commercial Real Estate :
Audoctory you are soo much fun to hang out with.
Had a real good time watching the chipmunks last night
Waiting for lakers game to start this orlando vs Boston game intense I love the NBA
amazing word of the real Africa in the shape of the continent!
G Street Food on G and 17th, across from the OEOB
Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished.
Lao Tzu
I havent had in n out in a while.
Someone wanna get me some animal style fries
This show is stupid
This ABDC Season there's one teenage group  today we'll find out who the real ICONiacz are.
Lets see who leaves and goes to the other team
.
is it true that cyclists ride free 1418 May?
New Firmware Enhances Canon XFSeries Camcorders, Supporting Popular Broadcast Recording Format
I just dont want to talk to anyone right now...
RT : According to Joe if Pres Obama believes in State's rights he is just like George Wallace.
How was Immortals on a second viewing?
RT : have a great day everyone
: I told u guys yesterday finaldestination 4get those clowns  SPURS
LMAO at the morning show FATHER!!
Shirley CaesarLil Wayne..w/ the doctornk uncle!!!
GNR
shut up!!
Headed to the Printer's Row Lit Fest!
be jealousit's one big book fair!
Thinking about who to call in Hollywood to get an audition to be a blogger corpse on CSI.
Would you settle for The Mentalist?
Hahaha it can't hurt!
:
I can describe every student at Belmont today with three phrases: fastpacing, testcursing, franticprinting
RT : Will b at SSSMTweetup on 4/18 w/ the and I'd better not be the only one hashtagging!
gotta see your black ass then
We're looking forward to another great show with you tonight : Can't wait to rock out at Township!
The proof that this marriage was a fraud is that Kris Humphries is white.
We need discuss no further.
Good season Grizzlies!
Glad you are OK!
I don't believe in Western Medicine sounds so much more eloquent than I can't afford health insurance.
There are those who are so scrupulously afraid of doing wrong that they seldom venture to do anything.
Vauvenargues
we are currently having a discount for smog checks at 40 if you call or set an appointment for today June 14, 2011
If you aren't an active participant in your childs life timeforchange you won't get this time back again
Watching laugh at my pain!
Thank you so much!
I'm glad you found me :
Spiders are Mean  A
People are walking too slow
RT It is not just DO DO DO.
It is not just BE BE BE.
It is DOBEDOBEDO.
Amit Goswami
Emily is no joke
3 that place!
omg you guys
Its so funny that Scooter knows when he's getting in trouble by me just pointing the FINGER lol Love it
Would love to give a s/o to my bestfriend
What's the URL for that?
The web page I've seen?
At least I found the students also interested before the next event Thurs.
Plus only have 2 pprs this wk, not 6
ha aha Mike Smith save that acting for next game when your in LA.
Wow...you looked like Brayden Schenn right there....hahaha
lol...
Aye there's nothing I can do about that.
Not to worry.
I figured that out later.
about this because we don't see eye to eye.
If you think your ready, fine Saturday pick her up at 3:30 and ring her back at 7.
Fact: the length of your penis is inversely proportional to the length of your coffee order
Photo of build week on front page www.jsonline.com
Rawsh for president government subsidized Hookas in every household lol
: Swiss banks hide about 680 billion for brutal dictators around the world.
I love you !
There is nothing like a well made reposado margarita.
Just got a see you in 12 hours email from my mom.
So glad she's visiting for a long weekend!
HOE DON'T YOU GOT A FAKE BALD HEADED HOE HAiR TO DO??....
haha, what happened?
Right?
Weird.
RT I'm still waiting for Variety to announce that Ashton Kutcher playing Steve Jobs is an April Fool's joke
Here.
Have another sacrifice.
No thanks Ive had too much.
thank you :
As in, this place is full of FOADs.
: : hey so where's your party at tonight?
When they are succesful, teams are often said to achieve something which is greater than the sum of their individual parts!
Let's do this!
I had such an amazing day yesterday!!!
And I got the moat amazing birthday present ever!!
:
Sitting in on engaging with social media communities for the right reasons and outcomes.
Looks like a great panel!
just got up.
What's good dollface?
I do suffer fools.
I'm about to change this policy.
Enjoy nights out on the town in an affordable luxury limo.
Get your quote today 619.225.8466
yep!
I laughed haha just have to add the watermark and fix the tumblr a bit!
Nice meeting u in person Sarah.
Great job!
Great seeing u guys
So im eatin a poptart and bein Chill and tryin to help and trend Chill :
It's not well known but Noel: Christmas Eve 1913 by John Denver is probably my absolute favorite Christmas song.
Haha I would not want to run the risk of rewarding that type of behavior...
If yo stomach sticks out further than yo butt yu have NoAssAtAll .
For gas station attendants, that is.
its been going on for a while x
SHUT UP CHIP!
The only thing you've ever done right in life is make a smokin hot daughter!
good luck have fun
For a man to achieve all that is demanded of him he must regard himself as greater than he is.
really?
Where you going?
for real!
3
Who knew 2012 was going to be so cold.
I am freezing my face off in New York.
That's one of the funniest things I've ever seen lol
Seeking Store Manager in AR, know anyone?
Baby Alien Costume Just have a look!
Thursday's luncheon tasting at BIN to feature Scallops PLT.
Count me in to taste and tweet.
Join me apply at www.TasteTweet.com
I liked the super bowl, enough to not want to be that close to it again.
New Yorkers are meanies...
:
struggling to keep the eyes open today...
caffeine shot may be necessary.
Thanks to the Mayans, 2012 is going to be awesome!
would be great if your discussions today w/ on digital pedagogy made it into let me know if you have ideas
hahaha..
Nice  ; we doctorve back home.
Ready to go.
who talking you to
What team will be helped most tonight by the wet field conditions?
Silly is you in a natural state, and serious is something you have to do until you can get silly again.
Mike Meyers
They should have iPad's in the dentist's office rather then magazines
The Marlins left field sculpture looks like a giant slot machine.
People assume a certain perspective.
Naturally ruining everything.
I had a wonderful day of mixing and productive meetings!
Life is good.
I agree 23 LOB this series, not a good start.
The illuminati is a story invented by haterz that hate on the people that made it, In my opinion.Live your life and do you!
SCREW YOU MANAGEMENT, SCREW YOU
oh great.
A whole evening of wowtheydidthatsongbutIstilldon'tcare.
Carlos said I should be on btr because I'm awesome:
i'm home, alex is picking me up!
I've never even seen a goal like that in video games.
Tired of living like a candle in the wind.
Congratulations to the minnesota on being the 70th best basketball program in the country!
played for simon cowell, leonardo dicaprio, steve wynn, etc last night
i'll be on vacation :/
Thanks for the follow Gossipreneur!
Hope to see ya in Miami!
RTFLMAO!
Maybe she should look in her closet and notice how Stanley Hubbard bailed on her and her loud mouth.
The fucking lion king two is my shit
I know she want my venom, but i'ma leave it in her AHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHA STRAIGHT UP Lol.
Anyone know if is serving bubble tea yet?
if i chug a pint of whiskey and walk in a perfect straight line do i get the bottle half price
Spread the word, and If you happen to come across any skilled JS or Python devs, send them our way.
:
Just ate dinner it was good
Obsessed with  taking up the mantle of hip hop.
Let me get my spoon n dig in RT : I'm eating Nutella straight out of the jar with a spoon.
D: Justin Bieber is so freakin' hot!
OhMyLawd!
I need to write a paper called Ruined Vacations: The Revolution will probably follow you
haha the room has never looked so clean!
Dude, i dont know if its the color red that attracts me, but damn.
!
Thoughts ?
RT::: Remind me again why a vodka watermelon can't be a thanksgiving dish
hair done nails done everything did ;
Thank you again, Cheers and happy shamisterck shakes to you.
MO House takes up SB 576 related to charter school accountability and access.
Hardcore shows, people get hit.
Underground hip hop shows, people get stabbed.
but that's just my experience, idk about you.
We'll always have Netflix!
My eyebrows are really getting out of control.
We're basically like evite, except when your friends open the invitation, it's to a webbased group fitness challenge .
.
.
not a party.
Spoiler Alert: it reads NOFOTOS.
SMCRVA meeting some of my twitter crushes w/ and
I think it's blackberry and I've never tried it but I want to.
Lol!
oh god sam.
Now im worried hahaa
He's on 5 Commercials rest.
lol I didn't notice...was listening to the song an tweeted it...
I'm about to go to sleep and I'm 6 hours behind you....
CKC Custom Homes is an award winning family owned company serving San Antonio TX and surrounding areas.
Hope you feel better soon!
Navy is one of our best sellers!
The lime is a lot of fun but VERY bright!
Next time, let us know  we'll send some swatches!
everytwittertimeline is filled with those annoying quotes
Either Former Mayor Koch is a American or Is he a Israeli?
Because He is too much into Other Countries Government Policies?
happy birthday3
Thank you so much!
looks great!
I hope my art will further the cause!
Yeah i agree its the best especially for the both of us since were feeling the same way.Im 1OO sure Ive been
Literal quote from Insane Producer: Why is this ice cream cake still frozen?!
Im pretty much.crazy about
I thought he'd gotten that one as well...
Hey guys we have a 2 page spread in Smash Magazine so if you live in AZ, NV and CA you can pick one up at Zia Records and other music shops!
Ran 6 miles today!!!
Whew.
That was super hard.
4 more miles with 4 more weeks left til the race.
CONT...evacuees housed at city hall.
No word in when they will be allowed back home.
Just watched as MGE brought in a backhoe.
Gas is off.
Feel Like Workin' Out Right Now!
cinco de mayo is a white people's holiday
...and yet...part of me really misses thoroughly academic discussions.
I appreciate the irony of a power outage at Candlestick Park.
Excited first day of work so close to home
twitter is treating me good...can't complain.
Btw, nice pic
Speaking of engagement sessions, psyched to have one in WashingtonDC this fall.
LUV that town.
Now look at me, I'm sparkling, a firework, a dancing flame, you won't ever put me out again
I still believe
Some jabroni just yelled Go Lakers during Natl Anthem leading to a chorus of boos...
during the Natl Anthem
sorry but I'm team teamchicken Forever3
Marathon training: 20 mile run today.
Although technically it'll be a 15 mile run and a 5 mile hobble
reluctantly learning a technology i've been avoiding for three years
Really loving this After School mix!
RT : Realization: since each Kanji is one Unicode character, Twitter is far more expressive in Japanese.
Very Cool, Pam!
It feels so good to get things DONE!
RT : amazing night in Baltimore.
Inspiring.
Now ready to rock it.
Five great Christmas shows done!
Still exhausted two days later!
Stop complaining about how 'broken' you are and get your life together!
Daily GTKY question: What are you doing today?
I've done some notetaking lessons w/ iBrainstorm  leafsnap.
If you send me you DM your email, I'll send my app list.
Thanks!
Highlight of my day was :
Yup, PR, on the social media side.
Great to hear you're liking your Sensation!
omg!!
I know!
I haven't seen u in way too long George!!
It's What Would You Do Wednesday time on the blog at www.knowledgesafari.com maybe you have some advice?
what about having Diana Ross on your show as a judge ???
I agree with you there, too.
Excellent choice
Haha he'd be doing Rondo a favor..After this season he'll have to carry the load himself unless he gets a superstar..
ED IM OVER HERE STILL LAUGHIN!
He should be fine cuz i saw an old tweet frm him a couple weeks ago that he was gonna go on vaca soon loyals :
Your buffet lunch is very delicious.
Every day is a good day for your lunch!
now I know why you hair looks like that.
awkward ...
I read 1/2 of it today  all the things u said about it so far is true
where's it at?!
Curating credentials is the hot topic where students connect educational credentials.
We need to get support subcredentials.
I now see how an episode of how meth your mother
i complain about people a lot but i really do love my friends.
they make me laugh just when i need to and i feel at ease talking to them.
3
lmao my ass hurts from sittn in this same desk all day
Fuck.
Why do I feel like I just played with fire?
Ugh.
i made that croquembouche on saturday night for a dinner party.
got a standing ovation.
Thank you, TU4NP  you all are amazing and we always appreciate your support!
:
They claim we're
yeah come to San diego!!!!!!
I miss u both
RT : Just woke Up..Got On Twitter..I am Hopelessly addicted.Laff at me..It's funny.
Chocolate
NEVER!!
He'll be in the middle LOL : All that grief you give us  you just gon cheat on Osi like this?
Sounds like you in love hm wondering
The Inner Harbor Renaissance when the Red Sox are in town  Hell.
Glad you like it!
3
i know like i cannpt even imagine
can you tweet me a bigger version of your icon?!
should we make it legal or what , should i pay taxes on it this year?
Post sensorydeprivation chamber float BOOKED.
Look for a recap on an upcoming ep of I love you, Portland.
Wow that just pissed me of
Friday, Friday, Friday!
Springfield's IPC will be hosting the Lake Country Soccer Tournament on 3/5 and 3/6, all day.
I'll miss you!!
lol you don't really need it there tho do you?
Thx to mister Hikim for hosting a great meet  greet in N.
Mich Park.
Good dialogue on need to addoctorss environmental concerns in W5
lovenmthe cereal box guitar on ur craft website.
Let's think of something else as you've done this already
My stomach hurts /3
Carry yourself like a Queen and you'll get your King.
Carry yourself as a hoe and we'll see how far you go.
Congratulations, !
You're the winner of a free race entry for the 2012 series!
Thanks to everyone who signed up.
4 more to come!
Charm City is always ahead of the curve.
:
I have multiple AIX Engineer spots open in Macon, Georgia.
My team has filled a couple already and we are looking to fill a few more.
CHEAP?
I'll tell ya all about it  : Cheap is right!
CHEAP COCKTAILS in SD 1/2 off doctornks till 8pm!
mansions on the moon diplo mixtape
I've always wanted a german shepard
Watching a lot of disappeared.
make note to self, turn off cell phone if I decide to disappear and start a new life in the wilderness.
Stafford was not sacked yesterday, yet he threw 2 picks and was lucky not to throw 10 as much as he threw into double/triple/quad coverage
Just left my auntie house omw home really enjoyed myself
Haha, I know a few people who might pay good money to see it ;
87 AND SUN IN ELVEE, TODAY!!
It's freaking beautiful outside!
YES!!
we need to do our chatroom nights soon!
:o
Movie time!
Goodnight!
:
Anyone have the app doctorw Something?
If yes, start a game with me!!
My username is electricfeel
comfy clothes vs.
red carpet gown, Golden Globes reporting from the studio, Hollywood foreign press not a very inclusive club
Milwaukee's hardest trivia starts in 15 Cheap and questions that make you feel dumb.
Ebook Trends  Presenting now in the Hilton Washington International Ballroom 
Thank you so much!
Let us know if you want tickets to the show : sadly they are 25 but its a huge all day 30 band festival
and who's smellin up the place?
Lol
don't tell me the sky is the limit if people have been on the moon .
Niggaz say da got bad bitch but I see mad ugly bitches prego
as a general rule i hear the xmen talked about like historically real people more in the halls of my community college than I expected.
HELL EFFIN YEAH BRUINS!!!!!!!
how was that?
did they cover the use of social media for volunteers?
oh you so should!
Each Ragnar is unique in its own way!
Best of luck and keep it up!!!
Man when doctorke prefromed Marvin's Room I won't lie I sang my ass off.
Lmfao .
InCaseYouDidntKnow or just in case you're in denial ....
YES the Pacers did just beat that ass to go up 21
Studio till 4 then your rehearsal till 11...
lordgivemestrength but so glad I get to do what I love :
It is awesome!
I did announce the winner of the free tickets on my website, however I will have more giveaways coming so stay tuned!
Our new dog nicknamed Grandchild Placeholder as a notsosubtle hint.
I may be ruined, I'm rewatching That Thing You Do, and I think Guy is kind of a loser and Jimmy might be right.
hahaha i think i'd fall over if someone asked me for my autograph!
but i'd try my best.
haha youreadorable!
I say I'm going to bed but then iTunes brings up my Steve Carlson songs......guess bed has to wait!
Had a pretty great weekend precelebrating.
Science Center, Star Wars, dinner, church today and lunch with friends...
Can't get much better.
that would be the red emergency button on the left lol
When I have a son or daughter..
First thing imma do is throw some jays on there feet.
same here!
:
Not even money can make ugly bitches pretty
I followed you from a Tufts Uni retweet.
It looks like an interesting
Q: Do you have a special person?
If you mean like a guy I like, then yes I have a crush.
actors/actresses get cut, and let go, viewers tend to stop watching.
i know i have.
i would hate to see an awesome show such as Criminal
: Huge house fire in Elliott section of West End on Marena.
2 firefighters hurt.
Prayers for them  families.
Imitation is the sincerest form of television.
Fred Allen
hey sterling working on a new project?
:D and so random will be miss :
take it it's calling your name I can hear it...oh Kara!
Eat me!!!
I get to go too another party gonna stay up all night this time;
i musta fell and bumped my dayum head cuz i put mini mini twists in!!!
oh laws 3 days later and i just finished this am
So pleased to hear you've made a real and lasting connection!
Good to see Fisher is already getting lots of love in OKC.
Yes, I actually thought of this whole line of questioning while eating from a gigantic bowl of said citrus from said market
I had a great weekend!
How bout y'all?
We will give an extra big hug for you!
A person who can't get genuinely excited about his work can never be happy or attain anything worthwhile.
I hate bugs more than people.
lol the facts don't lie.
Happy Friday!
No man loves life like him that's growing old.
Eating plastic lettuce...yum!

You're the MAN man!
If only oomf knew..
I finally went ahead and bought my ticket for the Megadeth concert for next week.
:
lol, I didn't!
But Dolan does look like satan, so you have satan X 2 on there, haha
Oh no!
That's terrible!!!
And Tiger's mistresses the cats that swallowed the canary...
Er..., cockatiel?
Special Thanks to our guest speaker CPT Ken Barrett from the for his service to the nation.
Who wants to donate sushi to my craving cause?
Former national intelligence director Dennis Blair on Iran's Hormuz threats: We are in a situation that is full of dangers and absurdity.
immunity, bomb shelters,  cryonics.
Put me and friends on future list.
Thanks Team spirit 2012
Ha!
Just this morning I was thinking about how my mom  her friend said the name of a flower.
I say it different.
I lost mine.
About to start bawling my eyes out.
April fool's day!
Your life is the joke....
I won't promise anything cuz what if I can't but I'll try if we go what movie should we c ??
This Lil Boy Said Tats Coming Soon But His Ass Cant Even Get Up And Go To School And He's A Senior And I Called Him Lil, He Aint Tho Lol
time to teach studio cycling NYC, your are next w/  SUNDAY
chick just told me im dope...i say i got alot more work to do!
Dying my hair red :3
I tank.
Chkng turn to induce.
He's bluffn.
He floated flp w all those plyrs left to act wAhJc.
I hve Qh.
Make tuff call, 70 fav, rvr h, out
The Old 1997s
Guys I need 200 followers or more thanks guys it will mean a lot and fallow and we can do it
who else wants to see godspeed every night they are playing in SF in april?
Elizabeth Banks Talks The Hunger Games and Says Harry Potter Is Scary as Sht
beer is cold here in Baltimore ain't its cuz?
go O's!
I think I'm going to poplockanddoctorpit on the circle today
Chicken noodle soup
We are so glad you could make it!
Thank you for all the support!
That play has nothing to do the season Bush had.
Freak play, wrong positioning for everyone.
Wasn't one's fault.
I am trying to get in to this live art and design concept and creating networks to produce tees..Its pretty tricky but possible.
What if I want to be a spinster cat lady?
Going to bed, finally.
3 can't wait to see my boy in the morning.
3 finally found the right one.
When i get done cleaning , ima call him .
Look At It This Way..Lovers May Come And Go..However Having Love Demons Tattooed Across Your Chest Is Probably Forever
Now following.....
Interesting video: looks like southern Indiana trailer trash doing a Redd Foxx impersonation.
We are young 
Aww, I liked Husk.
Please welcome lorikleeauthor to the Max life
freelunchFriday is here.
Where we offer Milwaukee friends free lunch over some light networking.
Message us  we'll put you on the list.
Omg!!
my JONAS LA cd has been MIA for a year now and I just asked my brother if he's seen it and he just hands it to me!
so happy!
hello new people
Food and doctornk on a sidewalk.
I really want a pig,
At the house with family
Shelvin Mack makes a big 3 pointer..
ties it at 19
That's why I only use olive LOAF oil.
MT FDA considers adulteration a low priority.
Grody olive oil not deadly.
Sir Paul's closing...
rocked it
mentionyourcrush Wood Harris!!
glad to have cable after a big tstorm saturday night knocked it out.
I'm tellin you bro
too bad both need to put up 25 shots to be an impact.
No one else is gonna shoot.
Maybe Maggette when he wants his averages
Watching on via DVR.
Good points discussed regarding smallbiz , employment  social media.
Got my run in on campus.
Omg!!
YOU'VE Never Pumped Gas.?
In Denver Too You Have To Pump It Your Own.
Planted some native wildflowers around the compound this morning.
Now to the workshop for something a little more manly.
telling us about jazz and life
I just wish you could open your eyes.
You took my pride and self esteem.
Then you take the most important thing in my life.
Only way to do it.
RT To The Fullest :
Lynda as in Wonder Woman...then that was her...Such a sweetheart..I loved her!!
that awkward moment when I walk down the hallway  people behind me are saying someone smells like Abercrombie while cayla is smelling me.
stm2012 EBSCO hinting at providing a PPV option in the near future
Monday weekend is over TT but no worry Tea Pot Lounge will help you through the week by offering all 8th for 40 TAX FREE
Get a ticket to the Release Party  receive a FREE copy of my album: TheClevelander!!
HMU!
Had a fab vertical of Chteau La Conseillante last night along with '82 Haut Brion and other greats.
Wow!
I'm lucky!
Remember when anysectionoftown didn't?
11th street and South Congress were dangerous.
Damn, it's like yesterday.
musiclib2010 gearing up for the banquet with some cocktails and hopefully a little harmonica!
happily will give you access.
DM email addoctorss so I can get you setup when I get back in front of my computer.
QU0TING: Me?
Stalk?
Nah..
I just observe..
At night Behind a tree Alone
you'll make it happen!
Hahaha barbie Klaus!;
Ashlynn Brooke.
A popular porn star.
Lol no i don't!
So cool!
Haha Love it.
Fuck Nigga Don't Want No Beef.
I wish tats were cheap.
I already want my next one :/
Lightning talk: Ruth, Chairman Baltimore Co.
Hist.
Trust.
Working with painter who is painting historic scenes from Balto.
Co.
I've seen your videos in the past.
Caught back on and lovin' them all.
Keep up the great work!
Always
,Good Morning
we're on our way to meet Uncle Cracker, officer.
best story i've heard in a round :
Just finished the first Game of Thrones book.
Hope to have no.
2 finished by the end off the second season.
My husband is belting opera arias while he washes the dishes.
speakered answering machines in movies and tv are such a fun device for audiences to hear the doctorma!
too bad barely anybody uses them.
I've decided I hate season finales.
I want shit to just keep going.
So, Romney has the nomination now, does that mean the VP candidate will travel around the country tied to the top of Romneys campaign bus?
What's going on guys?
Talk to me.
bet that hurt...
Is Juan Francisco the Fredi Gonzalez of third basemen, or is Fredi Gonzalez the Juan Francisco of managers?
Oh, and it is my understanding that dog tastes like chicken.
soihavebeentold obamasemailsareeducationalsometimes ilove hashtags
Weather Channel app update...oh no
hey lil Dee u normally dont remember first night action, do you?
I wish cared enough to just give me back my reasonable rate
yeah but I was eating healthy so it isn't good!
And that's bad
My mom hates when I cut MY shirts lol
Agree...that was good stuff.
: Nice Target/Adele commercial.
Grammys
Gotta love any wedding that involves kickball the day before.
Pumping fist!
Let's go Hawks!
Let's go Hawks!
Let's go Hawks!
Let's go Hawks!
Thank you!
White Mystery  The Old In Out at Soda Bar in 20 minutes.
W.
Mystery are a bro/sis from Chicago who are ready to rock out right ...
Just saw on last night's SNL.
I don't know, but there's just something special about that song.
Yeah!
RT : Reminder: Tmister9pm EST we're having a GSMC chat about content generation  a review of G.
Wait a second...did the mega user fee pass in the last second??
It was down a vote and then at the last second two votes switched???
Congratulations to Old Dominion University's Big Blue, the 2010 Capital One National Mascot of the Year.
Give it up for the champion!
i bought upallnight and of course its on repeat!
one thing is definitely a favorite of mine :
did you hear the Hawks picked up Teague's option today?
If you want to work on the piece involving how far he can take em?
I loveyou please notice follow me,very excited about BOYFRIEND aaahhhhh oohh myy Bieber 4DAYS :D 8
You better!
:
My mom's nurse for the night is a Yankees fan.
Things got momentarily weird.
:x
I miss you ugly :p 3
Its LakeShow time homie...Let's get this win
How is a woman like a condom?
Both spend most of their time in your wallet.
Oprah doesn't like HD, that's why OWN is not broadcast in HD!
Many thanks to our attendees, presenters, sponsors  staff for a great day of conversation, debate and info on ebooks in libraries!
I really enjoy it with fruit juice or ginger ale!
Perfect to make in large quantities for the pool side!!
Won't the Pac12 tourney record technically be set by whomever ends this game w/ the most assists?
Best thing about having a coworker who is a psychology grad school student?
Having them go over/help with my statistics homework.
Small glitch in the system 4 the contest today, but voting is back up  running until 11:59:59 PST tonight!
Get those last minutes votes in!
I really wish that certain Meatballs would cease to post another pic of them in a bikini on twitter..its repulsive
so i have my fcat reading test tommorow, and what better way of studying than by reading!!!
;D
lets repeat the cruise on d moon!
PAIN Promo Shoot today 12pm to 3pm.
Then FEAR rehearsal tonight !
Busy day.
Lots of progress 2 be made!
Cooperative toddler is cooperative.
It's freaky.
I just saw somebody dingaLang on INSTAGRAM ....
A person who wants to do something will find a way' a person who doesn't will find an excuse.
Phone call I had today 
Tim Duncan has 8 points and a blocked shot.
The Spurs lead the Jazz 2220 with 2:29 left in the first quarter.
Hey Kyle you still covering the Cats for the CJ , haven't seen your name in awhile ???
Chicfila gets me every time
Come visit us on a Thursday nite soon fir HOUSEMUSIC : Thanks fr the follow!
You're one of my favorite spots :
My thoughts  prayers are with the people of Cyprus following today's terrible explosion at a Cypriot naval base near Limassol.
Sinatra was awarded the Thomas Jefferson Award for Fighting Against Intolerance on April 13, 1947.
Ancestry.com commercial with Santa just came on including disclaimer at the bottom, Santa portrayal....
The sun is out and hoping the rain will stay away....stop on by and try something off the Brunch Menu...
RT : Dunwoody: objectivity and balance are sophisticated surrogates for truthtelling
so far, so good, although best practices have evolved
Grading an essay which begins Threw out history, there has always been ....
Do you think the student was sending me a subliminal message?
I did 2 stories today and went live at noon, five and six.
I wish everyday was as busy as this one!
ItsAwkwardWhen i accidently text/call the wrong person when i have been trying to avoid them all day.
Missing iPhone4 has been returned to it's owner.
Can't believe how lucky I am to get it back
i can't believe i didn't run into you at INTADC  i had a 1 in 10,000 chance!
hope you're enjoying the conference!
Make sure that you claim your product on BestVendor!
Click the link on the righthand side that says Claim it!
it seems that, after a few hundoctord years of mutants, humans would become the subservient species.
My mom better take me tanning later or I'll cry.
Youse guys hear about this Obama guy?
Yeah, he put new ceilings in the White House
I like to be as spoilerfree as possible.
cant't wait to go clubbing with my bitches whereisfriday?
RT : I want to know when Rush is going to do the first onesong, 22minute Super Bowl halftime set list
Thanks man.
I will email you.
I appreciate it.
HA!
Maybe it's a day off for you...the bright side!
Thanks for the follow.
I have been to your winery  a few years back  I had a great time.
Cheers!
I thought that I am afraid, is the farewell time, originally, my similar fear has a reunion.
Yes sir, we'll be a the rally!
Missed out on 's yoke birthday.
TBCont'd
Talking shit on twitter to my friends at church.
Hm, I don't know if I should feel guilty for this or just not care
YES!!!
TEBOW ONE FAVORITE ATHLETE!!!!!!
MUHAHAHAHAHA
see?
This is why I shoot down yr ideas!
iPadtraining ?!
:
Our response to God's provision in our lives should be nothing other than humility.
chilling how exciting the prospect is!
thank you : and will definitely do so.
Keep doin your thang too !
Is that weird ?
A kid killed himself because people were bullying him for his religion, race and him liking the same sex.
I'm currently accepting donations in the form of cash, grass, or ass.
Make your contributions today and get a complimentary certificate.
congratulation you have just been reported as spam.
Well, no way in hell we're gonna win without Roger on the field!

When boys cuddle with you, until you fall asleep.
DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle Nightmare on Elm Street
I would agree about the schedule releases, except you get teams announcing 7 game schedules with no OOC ...
WHY?
you absolutely have to get it next time!
Also, for lunch it's super cheap!
Not look forward to spring ball after school no more 
its so much fun to be over here there is so much to do here
I DM'd ya back too.
You win again NJTransit...you win again...
exactly.
its sad.
this isn't the NBA.
there are no real comebacks in rap.
i'd rather he write books.
do guest verses.
LMAO ; He needs too stop ASAP.
Cannot sing.
Glimpse will bring together outspoken CEOs, founders and business leaders across the discovery spaces to discuss how we live, decide  buy
I could go for a dietcoke and a ceasar salad right now...
is in need of volunteers this summer for a program aimed to engage youth in leadership activities.
Future Leadership Boca 2009 PBCC/SYC.
Landed in SLC
If you're so fat you need a wheelchair, you should probably change your lifestyle.
Playing tonight at Cafe Che Pasta with the usual and some unusual suspects.
Stop by around 6pm if you feel like swinging...
First love jus tried to get back in....tried my hardest not to hurt his feelings!
Thanks for your lovely RT's Lori :
I just need a break.
Hoping I get that tomorrow.
I'm at the point where I'm willing to beg.
Just give me one day without stress..
Good evening Thanks for following Newark Twinning!
Watch this space for proms news.
supportlocalmusic Live today, right now.
Listen, share
Okokokok now I'm sleeping!
Good night
I think the biggest reason for doctorps in times since 2004 has more todo w/access 2video than suits
thanks for following me: your really cute:
I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed.
Michael Jordan
Wow barely no one is on but anybody know any iconic boyz fan FICs I can Read
If I could I would send it to you thru internet
I hope you had a chance to see and join Oprah's life class.
If not catch reruns good info and excellent teachers.
Richardson is awesome!!!
The Browns management not so much.
They had him and were compelled to give up 3 picks to move 1 spot.
Great meetings at LAUSD this week.
It is good to see how many people are starting to view K12 education in new ways.
Jus remembered I can't relax today
also made sunbutter ice cream last night which was to die for.
was a fan.
one of my nigga just beet the break off a nigga at Bistros hahaha
i think you guys did great
Nothing like waiting for 1.5 hours to see a doctor....after doctorving an hour ten to get here
by the time I thought about it, it was already half gone.
Sorry.
You know what a Turner steak looks like.
Miss you bro!!
the worst feeling is regretting not having done something when you had the chance.
Thank you so much to our amazing vendors and the great folks who filled the room today.
We couldn't have asked for more.
See you again soon!
I know something about you.....
hey tell me why it's 12:55 am on a school night and I'm trying to get noticed by you lol itsamahomiething :
Interesting.
Can I get it in a sentence for an example?
Ha!
In NYC we'd need to be throwin' hunnids, so Toppers may be our best bet right now.
Next week?
I'm not done until the 8th :/
When educating the minds of our youth, we must not forget to educate their hearts.
Dalai Lama
I think I'd better be alone for awhile.
I understand.
I'll go with you.
Thanks.
Broadcast News
Logos and branding are so important.
In a big part of the world, people cannot read French or Englishbut are great in remembering signs
Keep God First, Stay Humble,  Keep Working.
That's My Motto.
WOO HOO PACKERS
pizza because there's no food, cookies because we feel like it, and i can't stop clicking this wireless mouse.
My new favorite song is eyes open by .
It describes how I feel perfectly
u too
and I are arguing over who is a douchier tweeter.
Answer: HE IS.
Ahh the Google logo today is so cool!
Catching up on KK take NY.....
If you've recently signed up for a free trial, let us know if you need any help!
We're working through all the expert setup requests.
:

Thanks for the follow, be well.
Marc
Choose Match.com!
With more relationships, marriages, and murders than any other dating site!
yeah very true she wanted the D, and got the head...
Twisted lol
Everybody stalks at least one persons twitter.
Only way to get it RT : I want success so bad I can almost taste it
Yeah she's really singing...yeah right horrible halftime show
One of those days where you wish you could stop time, rewind, and undo all the stuff that happened today!
I should've stayed home!
Although it's totally nerdy, i like to refer to it as FUNdue.
Use toothpaste instead of mustard.lol
Berman to anchor SportsCenter tonight.
The universe is punishing us for not being nicer to our mothers.
Your chance at Muse tickets are coming up...
; this bitch is trippin' today!
she told me to shuutup!
i'm bout to spazz out!
;
come on pat, dont hate on the mcgriddles!!!
Just a heads up, next time you're here, I'm inviting myself to cocktails with you.
No...that didn't really just happen...BUT IT SHOULD HAVE, AMIRITE?!
My KNICKS playing hard but in life hard work will lead to a heart attack..PLAY SMART NY
2358.
That's how much it costs per student per year in juve
FYI MKE: our Assoc.
Director heard on TV this am on this day in 1990, the area got upwards of 8 inches of snow!
THat is freakin awesome
I dare you to trust God with your life, to let God avenge you in His time, to let God meet out His justice as he sees fit.
Hey.
Love your tweets.
Keep up the great work!
Sounds like you have your hands full with teaching, writing, coaching, etc :
lol what movie did you want to quote instead?
It came up on my phone but now its gone
Thanks for having us this morning.
Was a pleasure talking to u.
Can t wait to do it again .
See u  The Club
Technology is the answer ignition interlocks, background checks, and smarter cars can prevent doctornks from getting behind the wheel
I wonder what it's like to be an NFL wife...
That puts us at ease.
Thanks Heidi!
Can't wait for the opening party on Friday!
We're getting excited!
!
Then what kind of girl are you?
RT : I wanna be a normal girl, meh.
Laying out by the pool and playing wiffle ball
Around 300 people at Epic' Easter Egg Hunt!
It rocked.
Will put pictures up later.
Don't miss next weeks message Genie In a Bottle
Brady says to Smith: I adore you.
Living life like a confused goon.
Not all that rewarding as it turns out.
it's raining and thunderstorms are coming...
time to write some new music.
I cannot put air in my tires successfully.
I killed the valve on 1 tire but luckily a guy at work helped me out.
We hope your recovery is going smoothly!
Come back and see us when you can!
Used 's georeferenced approach plates for the first time tonight  definitely worth the extra cost.
oh goodness I know, l0l!
Cap and gown
my moms mad cause i anit go home haha im always at my aunts why should it matter now ?
wondering mhm do my mom miss me?
nothing like playing 20 questions with ur teacher when we are suppose to be learning
ATTN: loverssnag a cute little online deal this week.
DM me for the discount code!
Visit Think Blue at the San Diego County Fair, near the Arena Gate.
let us know what you think!
: waiting on my copy of the vinyl frontier!
;
First Thing First When I First Waka Up I Brush My Teeth And Roll Up.,!
You are the one talking with me...so you are just as guilty.
: Somebody please tell Danny Granger, this is not a night game.
It's already started.
Feel free to participate.
Thank You!
Spontaneous multigenerational singalong to We Are Young at a Polish butcher shop?
Only in Greenpoint.
I hear you are into necrophilia?
i been good...
Wbu
When we remember we are all mad, the mysteries disappear and life stands explained
Though I'm not a Galaxy fan.
I'll be rooting for them tonight.
oh, good question.
I'm pretty sure it was called Brother Thelonius.
Great PriceLeather Pouch Protective Carrying Cell Phone Case for ...
I'm the same!
RT t2 I have 2 speeds.
On  off.
Working on figuring out how to slow down at times when I need more rest
Obviously he knows who the movers and shakers are!
:
stay in bed...pfff.no school...today...ate to much last night....
iStandGRAND because when i was bullied and had nobody to turn to i looked up to Vinny for inspiration.
3
Yea man.
Doing big things
Please tell me she was an older white lady with greyish hair.
Sounds exactly like this lady that lives nearby BNW.
Hahaha.
The usual.
And CheezIts.
Because they are the gateway doctorg.
damn, got all the way down there and they were not there...boohoo...lol
InOurGeneration you realize explaining to your kids how you met is gonna be like Well son I met this girl on Facebook..
Sex is not love
how did you like The Customer Loyalty Pyramid?
Sean J Show in Chicago 9:50 AM interview coming up
Bout to nap to make two days out of this one.
Digger is a douche bag!
From now on you will refer to yourself in the second person.
You are the Eyes of the world
Let the racing begin!!!!!
Don't hurt ure shoulder reaching 4 ure back RT thats how i live my life.
impressing  shocking.
Sad and are out of the tour when they were both so strong, and even Boonen is out.
Crazy how luck influences
The changes they voted for today could give staff more leverage to say no for Earth Day in future years, even if they say yes for 2012
I'm not!
I didn't wanna go, I'm ready for graduation not prom!
Happy Birthday I hope it is amazing.
At a TShirt shop in my neiborhood called Alvin's Island.
I wish!
Wasn't me : But was super cool!
16  pregnant is a dumb show.
I miss Rob  Big!
On My Way To School!
Hope you enjoyed your time at RT : OZ Korean BBQ!
Many thanks to and for helping us throw a great Talent Appreciation Party last night!
Had to watch end scene 4 newgirl twice this weekPhenomenal.
Great chemistry bt cast, hilariously written  schmidt awesome
awe.
I sorry.
Feel better.
:
If I knew how 2 sing I wouldn't sing ova beats I would snap ma fingers like the temptations did
Two more days 'til Thanksgiving!
What are you thankful for?
Java is probably the only programming language whose mere mention invites twitterspam.
I'll try and think of a great story angle for you.
Maybe how to have fun in Tahoe without snow.
the moment you realize you haven't checked twitter all day.
you know I just looked at her like.....AM I ALIVE?
o.O
Any girlfriends?
Nick M mm NO!
Mikey: Single swag for LIFE.
Summer Time
did it all via mail
I am sick of chanting defense...they have been on the field all game
BRING ON THE HUMP!
that was maybe Orton's best pass of the season!
Thanks!
You too
oh hey sexy lady
Bobo thinks scary!
Thanks for tweeting about the event last night.
We're looking forward to seeing you on 11/6!
is fantastic preschool education resource for enrichment at home.
Check them out!
Harrison Barnes has superstar potential just is a little one dementional,needs to doctorve to basket more.
anyone want to go see florence  the machine and the weeknd with me in october?
it's a very nice day
Just ate lo main from tasty China, it was good!!!:
What the  was Hughes doing on the field against NY?
He hasn't played all yr and then he gets reps in passrush/special teams?
The oddest thing: a fellow passes around a real thing: a nonimage, an artifact, something NOT digitized.
listening to the Pixies and doctorving to Atlanta
how many 3 goggles did you throw in this season of cougartown?
Ave of the Vines this Sunday.
I'm tired of everything that's happening.
All the fighting all the bullshit.
I'm pissed and i dunno why.
Snider and Derek Willis are on the same squad.
Apparently no trash talking as of yet.
haha quite possibly!
He wants me to go to church with him :
Your so fake, you make Barbie look real
hung out with family relatives today for Mother's Day.
and watched NBA games over at my uncle's house
iPad2 or the Nook Tablet?
Combined Mother's Day/Bday gift deliberations currently happening.
Any thoughts?
Custom Cutout Decal Printing at NYC Printing 123.
Promote your message in any shape or size.
Call now!!
646.833.8085/ 888.409.4420
Didn't turn out like we had planned..
Shouts to  , throwing a hell of a game.
OK , relate to librarians?
lol he like always does voice overs, like in that movie about penguins.
.
.
.
.
.
told you i was awkward
RT : Don't think you can underestimate the value of creating a vision for where your company is going.
eek, not my childhood mall!
Happy Birthday
Love waking up to a beautiful Saturday with endless possibilities!
Thanks for listening, hope you had a great day!
of that i'm quite sure!
very excited about it all!
see you soon!
Veggie burger at Bombers with pepper jack cheese.
Oh yeah people come meet me out.
36andunder is national, yes.
A few states even define membership at Democrats under the age of 40.
A relationship is nothing without a friendship
U are a wealth of info!
Who is leading this trip?
Would make a great story!
So, is coffee as a part of your life, as it is in mine?
Well show me your Mug and express your individuality in the pic with u and your mug.
nope it's central jersey, we head south tomorrow night to cape may I think
Looking forward to a nice relaxing Happy Valentine's Day starting with a couples massage and then dinner
Hope so
Go follow our boys at For The Kids!
ahh thts amazing!!
Im so excited for u!!
I hope u have so much fun!!
Take lots of pics for me lol
Liberals vow to back Twiggy on 'real' jobs for Aborigines  The Australian
you'll learn when you're older
typo it is
thanks for the RT!
How are things at the chamber?
Los Librotraficantes are leaving El Paso, heading to Mesilla, NM.
Announcers just invited fans to the White Sox game for Mothers Day.
First 10k females 14 and over get a tote bag.
14 and over?
PowerHouses, indeed!
It was a treat to hear Tiffanie SoulPowerhouse Bridges  Ben Asaykwee  4pc band at tonight!
If you watch Basketball Wives religiously, you live a miserable, miserable life, with your doctorma filled ass.
Have a GREAT DAY EveryONE !!!
Your doctorams ARE COMING TRUE !!!
:
time to let loose!!
happy hour all day until 7pm Capital Down plays live See you here
Beep beep
they just break clams on their belly and have a great freaking time being otters
yeah.
either friday or sat.
you?
well it rained earlier but I like the rain so yes :
Ugh I have no energy today 
DearGod thank you 4 another day to pursue my passions  fulfill my purpose.
Give me the patience to deal with people  a heart of humility.
I don't mind this time it doesn't matter Xx
SEO or Search Engine Optimization basically means having your site optimized so it will rank well in the major search engines.
Just home from a weekend with my wife Cinda at Lutheran Marriage Encounter.
What an amazing time we had!
Hate blisters...
So I got some batting gloves!
Cages went alright, just need to get back into the swing of things!
Shante  Brenda at front with show brain work
Lydia Davis visiting Galway next month.
Nice work,
way cool!
...and my ipod got milk ALL over it and honey too but it still works.
LOL and the funny thing is this girl told me her ipod broke from......
Get that coffee bro.
Start this week off right.
Full Mixtape 650 unlimited studio and more!!
Peanut butter with No Bread....Man,
Introducing NEW Subtweet 2.0 Act now and you too can revert to the mentality of a Junior High Schooler.
Guaranteed to accomplish nothing.
Daniel Radcliffe Talks Robert Pattinson  TheImproper.com

One never notices what has been done; one can only see what remains to be done.
I wanna see the fire ignite.
Suffocating the sky.
Don't ever say that you know just what this feels like.I swear one day I'll kill this lie
Great being on the panel with you today!
Great stuff.
Don't let your body start slippin', your body start slippin' away.
'Cause you wanna go outside, wanna go outside  play.
Eat healthy  move!
thanks for retweetin'
yep, will do!
RT : happy ff to everybody!
have a splendid...
It's north of 7mile
He's Going to Take Me to a Hot Spring
Ew.
This girl loves my left overs ha.
Funny, he can't pull girls and she can't pull guys haha.
I brought San Diego with me!
reports: Record high NYC temp for Nov.
28 has been achieved: 70 degrees.
Soccer Time3
No girls should say Yo or Son!
yeah she doesn't like the top
Agree when written word is beautiful, pure delight, right?
U made my day w FF appreciate beauty.
enjoy ur run again and again
The game lasted longer than usual but who could put an end to the fun!
Kareem had them calling the game for him   they brought cake too!
Back to this  no more fun and games, I need to get out of this city!
As far as getting the word out, I'm just using my mouth and the phone.
If I can talk to you we will be working together.
yah major bummer
yeah that's awesome
4 Nude Vodka and Jeramiah Weed on Wednesday's
Brian mad LMAO
: Men are four times more likely to sleep in the nude than women.
Probably a Newfoundland actually
I know where were ya Heath?!
Will you retweet site 5.
I've tried to clean up older tweets and accidentally clicked wrong ones.
Is there a way to unclick?
I heard the Wrigley Field Rooftops are the best place to keep safe during Nato :
interested in a local leesburg author?
has a new book coming out in november!
Thanks so much!
Loved your kind comment on the post!
:
: Not going to be a backup plan for anyone .
sorryimnotsorry omg emily stop!!
born n raised in Philly but a diehard Steelers fan.
Steeler Nation follow me  I'm kinda new here!
Hey  have you designed any mobile websites yet?
If so, what screen resolution did you design for?
On days like this, I am thankful for my bike.
I know.
Learn more about 'trucks'.
oh cool!
yea!
I just knew it!
RT : I am opposed to millionaires, but it would be dangerous to offer me the position.
Mark Twain quotes No opposition here!
tonight and a 31st!
When we tell the truth, the truth does the work.
When we don't tell the truth, the imagination does the work.
All very well over here  looking forward to great lineup at the Sid  be seeing you?
Feeling a tad emotional after celebrating with A.
With discussing makeover event on 2/16 !
can'twait
was the rhyme intended?
Thumbin threw the check!
I'm up early, but not responding to Twitter campaigns; YET this is what I love about data.
It destroys hunches.
Well, at least the weather in Pittsburgh is nice this time of year, oh wait....
long time coming.
Been waiting...
Gas can sink your trucking company if you aren't prepared.
The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.
I'm really excited about Adobe's Creative Cloud service that provides access to their entire suite of software.
This is the future.
Can anyone understand John Force?
I'm soo glad this is my only day of class this week....mini vacay!!!
you and your daughter look really nice!!!
Great pic..
Give the guy a break, he does one on one work with a Sun ever day.
I have seen birds in every zoo I've visited; A correct answer is far less important than a student's approach to the problem.
Baby fashion!
not yet, but soon!
Oh it's not even her birfday.
Gino Malkin's got the Hart Trophy wrapped up...but how do you leave Claude Giroux out of the 3 candidates?
flyers snubbed
ur such an inspirational artist: i love ur music and im a big big fan:Love ur 1 fan Angel Trivieri: 3 3
Private Midnight tour of The Capitol?
Yes please!!!
park it like its hot yo
message me then
Thanks for defending on her getting the exclusive from President on marriage equality!
Nah, don't wanna look at him that way..
That's against the rules.
Made me some yummy Moussaka for dinner!
I 3 PotteryBarnKids.
I never knew that happened.
Thanks Alyssa for the news.
: I like the crib that change into toddler bed
Dieting is evil.
But what else can you do when it's a must?!
Grrr
GALLERY OPENING/PARTY AT THE BOPPO!
LOFT TONIGHT.
MYRTLE X BROADWAY BUSHWICK BROOKLYN NYC.
Started off my Friday night with a run!
Exercising to start the weekend feels so good:
Loving that hash tag!
We might just have to steal that...
;
we have professorssionally trained carpet cleaners available every day of the week to ensure quick response and efficient.
call now 8669702532
the Rocky Road flavor is the bomb!
FF Or is it sharp elbows and a lovely tongue?
Spring break!
Get to sleep in all week!
How about them Rangers, huh?
hey guys i need to go pick up my fake id chicka chicka yeh fake id fake id ha
Freedom comes through Truth and Sacrifice!Happy 4th of July!
KatyPerry to be sued by SimonThunder 4 CopyrightInfringement news coverage soon
Thank you!!!!
Yes time for on
why didn't Jennings take that last shot???????
Saw NeverSayNever last night.
is a good kid and has a good head on his shoulders.
Going to bed with lollipops, completed grad project, no bench warrant for my arrest, and a phone
rose  kabobs, loose women in wheelchairs  now that's a Friday night!
Wow, grad school doctorma?
Is this for real?
I'm really tired of this circular conversation.
where r u located?
One rep tells me I need to bring my iPhone back, another tells my wife there's an outage till 4pm.
Gotta love Sprint customer service.
Just realized Leake's ERA is at 6.00 because that is firedusty's threshold of pain.
Keep Local Hardcore ALIVE!!
Are you kiddin' me?
Adam Levine has got to be smokin' somethin'!
The Voice
Donnie didn't come?
I bet the place was packed.
Choose to be happy now!
Happiness is not by chance, but by choice.
Jim Rohn
Had a great time today watching the Avengers and eating out with my friends.
Thank you, Thor.
Heading to Palm Springs tonight.
Nostalgic architecture, vintage furniture galore, and still feels like summer at 95 degrees!
Howard/DeepStorage is up on future architectures for Solid state storage...
Michelle Hairston is the new winner of the contest.
Please send me a DM with your info.
Congratulations!!
Do!
I should have liked it more.Know that lurking feeling of insufficiency when you aren't enjoying something wellcrafted?
Smalls Paradise ReCreated Reh now with Umar Hussan of The Last Poets, tomorrow night !
!
For the Harlem Jazz Shrines Fest!
I love her!!
Haaha best believe dat.
RT : got a bra on u head but don't call me a bra head
It's like the Yankees winning the world series and trotting out 27 trophies.
ACTION ALERT UPDATE: City Council vote on Responsible Bidder ordinance tomorrow is POSTPONED.
The demonstration will be rescheduled.
Special thanks to for making the trip and supporting our boys
trying to add you back on FBcan't!
HELLO TWITTER!
Friendly Reminder 2 for Tuesday at Opal Bar every Tuesday.
Simple concept pay for 1 doctornk get 2.
Revelry ensues, repeat...
If you need more Rugby League tonight Leeds v Crusaders is on at 12.15 our time.
Go Rhinos.
Love is so confusing, I wish I could just hate everyone equally, that would make my life so much easier, and less confusing.
Peachy.
I have become friends with two young women.
Not church related.
Building relationships is the name of the game.
Yep, it's a great trick.
1/4 tsp should do it.
And mix the pectin with 1/4 cup of the sugar you're going to use to stop clumping.
Black River Cafe in Port Huron
Sure!
Hit me!
Does the Woody Allen analogy is apt?
I've never attached in any way to his characters, but I do find him clever.
: Sushi Pizza with tuna, hamachi, salmon, avocado, jalapeno emulsion, eel sauce and tempura.
Swimmingly delightful!
A pescatarian doctoram.
who did your shots!
Saw it in OKC.
Was fantastic.
Just choreographed my SHORTS solo on the side of a dunkin donut bag while doctorving.
Is an organic process
You loving for me makes me wanna go bananas
haha i was so tired!
hey
Dark Souls for PC in August.
I feel it will be one of those games I really want to play but will be really bad at.
Way down under specialized search  the bottom of the even more page.
Maybe too few users?
Hope it sticks around.
Woke up this morning feeling like a million bucks.
Off to da gym
Maybe everyone loves it from watching it everytime they can, doll.
That's awesome, right?
WHY!!!
Why?
And living up in Wolves country SUCKS to hear their perspective  WHY!!!!
One week from today we'll be in Ocala stage diving with our friends.
Where will you be?
Ocala is the correct answer
yes that coffee will keep you up!!
Lol
Straight up ShoutOut to !!!!
hey Dan, when I was a kid I didn't have any male friends.
Because of relentless bullying  torment.
But now I'm speaking out...
thanks for following!
What are you working on this week?
I'm making introductions to help people get where they want to go!
Hey students House GOP tries again to slash Pell Grants, so vital to your continued college education.
Tell your reps NO!
Didn't mention Mac Miller in my Sunday plans.
But he's in there.
Who else would I be working out to?!
As one would expect from a beer publication party, it was amazing!!
Packed restaurant sold 8 kegs worth of Hess and Coronado Brewery beer.
Apparently, the Kentucky Derby is kind of a big deal.
Hey Warner Brothers, not EVERY movie needs to be shot in 3D, ie Clash of the Titans.
That was an absolute BOMB by Bruce!
You know you're a marketer when...
you get super excited over good email open rates and conversions.
Audoctor Lorde Revolution is not a onetime event.
is it working?
Is TNT using exterior shots of OKC?
Am I seeing things?
I use to want u and herand herand her but now all I want is you Oo
BBCSixNations Toby Flood is rocking my world right now
but im too pissed too watch it
Do all metro Detroit car chases end in Ferndale!?
Where the hell did Brazil come from?
lol.
I also just learned that Brazil is sneaky.
Pink slips should follow
Light is a good thing, made by God.
Genesis 1:15
I miss you /3
sure hope not, 'you get what you give.' I know more quality successful people than the mean, the culture I am part of!
Im just a young'in on that doctoram chase
Thank you, Janna Shay!
You're so kind.
Thanks Spread the word Rock N Roll is here to Stay Specyphi
what!?
I haven't heard about this!
we give felons a bus token, strip them of all their rights, and are surprised when 2/3 end up back in prison within 3 years
Can't sleep yet
Yuh Try Do Somethin Nice And People Take That To There Advantage..
Dunt Piss Me Off!.
What do you consider your inspiration?
In need of some plans tonight?
Head out to Fourth Street Patio for 2 Coronas  Dos Equis all night long!
My professorssor is the DP for the doc about the levitatedmass  anyone there?
Tell him I said hi!
Just came from ABC's upfront presentation.
Always relatively generic, but they actually splurged on including some talent.
Which SingerActress Is Wearing a Green Screen as a doctorss?
Actors say it can be tough working in front of a green screen nothing to re
Everyone follow TeamCM he just performed his new track !
Oh how much right now, we wish we were right now...
r u at work
Headed to the wboc12 support as Youngsong presents on Globalization!
Tip: Book your reception site/ hall as soon as possible, ideally within several weeks after getting engaged and selecting your wedding date.
yeah, I'm in turtle rock...
Are you in irvine too?
hell yeah!!!!!!
I got me my 1st twitterboo follow her now!
but only to a certain extent lol :
Sports News: KOIN Local 6 News St Louis Manager Tony La Russa retiring after winning World Series
I am an NC state head.
So was rooting for Russel Wilson and Wisconsin.
Bo lol
Protein at breakfast can boost your energy for the next few hours.
Mardi Gras is on Tuesday, February 12, 2013.
You should go ahead and put in your day off.
So It's approved in time.
i want a boyfriend .
im sorry but single life sucks for me.
I luuuuuurve aftra events!
Nice way to spend a Saturday afternoon...
I love the hustle and bustle of city life...but nothing beats how small u feel out in the country on a clear night.
my parents started when they were younger than us, so...
unlikely.
BREAKING NEWS!
You heard it here first!
PDXCSTS 2012 will be on June 23rd at McMenamin's Bagdad Theater!
Details  tix coming soon!
10 bucks.
Hope to see ya!!
WhyDoIAlways replay conversations in my head and think of what I should have said instead
put your phone away!
NO wait!
the about section says developed and maintained by linguistics professorssors and graduate students
I miss the summer chillin with u and all the others!
My Nittany Lions looked bad today
Kinda excited about the new USPS Regional C boxes and Express Mail flat rate boxes.
Is that weird??
Naptime w/my boo while Martin is in the background .
Trying not to watch it.
Peace out!
me too buddy had AA65dd aip for 1/2 my stack  then AKJJ  saw you but I was steaming a bit  RT: busted choctaw weekly
cray cray people.
A.L.Y.S.S.A..3
I wonder if Papi's pissed a little on the inside that it took him this long into his career to figure out lefties...
Anyone working this week?
Quiet week around our office, but excited for 2012!
Yo Momma is so ugly that she scares blind people!!!!
Thanks for lunch today fellers!
Get me your shirt size  i'll doctorp some off next time in
Don't forget, 'Shaken, Not Stirred' martini auction and cocktail benefit for the ABQ Art Museum.
Starts  7pm  the Art museum in Old Town.
Gas is ridiculous...thanks Obama.
Just go to some chicken coop and get some.
Mac Daddy Soprano
hey crazy neighbor.
It's too late to be playing the Euphonium!
Thanks for the RT.
It's going to be a great event!
What my brain should be thinking: Thesis!
Group projects!
What is thinking: Haircuts!
Cadbury eggs!
Puppies!
LF bleachers at ATT Park remind me of County Stadium.
Seats right down to the field.
Loud active crowd.
Giving Morgan an constant earful.
We have the perfect thing to cool you off from these hot days Gino's Italian Ices 2 Scoop 2.50 or a whole pint for 5.75!
Cats lack a true collarbone and so are able to squeeze through any space they can get their heads through.
What a great start to my first packers game!
Alas, tis not Friday.
It is kick ass Thursday though.
Could be fun!
some do.
Just heard from a college teacher friend on Facebook that she is using Google in the classroom.
S/O to the fam over at Sacred Apparel and Awesome ministries
hahaha, if only I were THAT cool!!
I don't wanna get up.
Watching Wolf Blitzer toss Rick Perry softballs.
Huntsman and Romney are batting clean up.
Cool.
So I need a place to stay.
Preferably in Portland.
Also lots of green Save Vista Grande signs
There is no love sincerer than the love of food.
yeah.
But our perception of it is surely shaped by what we've experienced in life.
No two people see life the same.
you talked to him?!
The only proof is those damn newsletters.
It's not like he went to a racist church and tolerated its policies.
:
Stephanie, coming to AERA?
Eric Says: oh no, my wall.
A horrible diet doctor pepper stain.
YOU MUST BE OUTTA YO DAMD MIND!
Thanks for the retweet!
.
This is a wonderful innovative incentive.
Will you consider taking any classes?
well....you're going to get girls...
have you plugged into my smartp.
Will definitely chat soon.
ill definitely call you when funds are raised and things are a go.
I realized why I cant make friends at school, cuz ppl try to be my friend and I ignore them
Welcome to Twitter !
I hope this is legit...
New followers thanks for your interest, check out www.facebook.com/keilstudios!
I think I'm legit losing my voice..
Not hitting any of the notes in ave verum corpus aghhhh
not at all!
I look at my desk and think I need more space and then I realize how much space is filled with paper I should file and change my mind....
that's why i gotta get my head up  move forward
perfecto!
I will see you then!
:D
wait when did this happen..?
The Modern Jazz Radio Show ed.
98 tonight 810pm.
www.Jazzon2.org.
Playlist  audio posted after 10pm on www.tomtallitschblog.com
thanks for picking up one of our classics!
My mom wants me to break up w/ she says I need to start seeing other bands!
lol
Ha, thanks.
I made like 2 more, but Im not gonna ask u to read them : You've already been kind enought to read 2  Bretana
We know every1 in NYC will be doing a tribute tonight to Adam MCA Yauch do you have a good set ready?
Breaking News: After a talk w/ HER daughter, Sarah Palin supports the nomination of Scooby Doo for US Attorney General; opposing Dora.
Onto a happier subject!
:
Greetings Ms.
Ifill!
I would love to contact you via email.
Is there a PBS email addoctorss that would be best?
Thank you!
imah go back home, sit outside,  listen to music.: beautifulfreakingday!3
Thank you so much Ron!!
I love WOMEN!!
Is anything I'm doin' brand new..
So cool that you supply IDs for BC...
Makes finding things that much eaiser :
R U KIDDING ME???
Whole Foods has BOGO on blueberries today.
I think I went a bit overboard.
To the freezer they go.
thanks for the FF our foodie friend!
: Maybe.
But not initially.
Ideally I'd meet up with my team at our spot and head for the suburbs or a stockpiled boat.
Who says: Welcome back Jack, to the house of addiction.
The SAME thing happens to me ..
Judge Wolf expects defense to finish before  possibly well before  June 18 estimate for end of trial.
Thanks for the FF!
Wishing you a great weekend too!
Love always remains
Carmeggedon seems to be causing more of a stir than The Rapture.
If your planning on shopping tomorrow, remember who to support.
We encourage you to shop small business,
okay ???
If someone came at me like that it would not be cute...
Tami talks shit all the.fucken time...
I won medina Lol
i love cody
We will never forget bro!
Im starving.
lol no, considering that she wins.
Ready to make that real money
The peep show
Unfollow this page it got hackedd follow my new one
It looks like I might be getting unemployment benefits, but I still need somewhere to go.
Uh u mean my old account it has 44
started the morning with Space Mountain 2x, Nemo, Autopia, AstroBlasters, Indiana Jones, ate a huge turkey leg, then hangin' at pool...
I am because I listen to your music its made a huge impact on my life
is she serious?
the carbphobia really needs to stop.
I'm definitely going to be there!
Let me know what I can do to help.
Congratulations to the Cards.
The buying local thing: if buying fruit from China, say, is unsustainable, won't that be reflected in the price soon enough?
So is like being famous on YouTube different than being famous as recording artist!
Hm
Got kinect game time in.
Realized my sis sucks at dancing  my ass is 2big 4playing 'Hole n the Wall' not made 4 ethnic booty.
haha mmhmmm he sure is ; i hope he does well, too!
Running Late For My Studio Session!!
hater move
Missing Jacksonblue weekday mornings!
The morning show isn't the same.
good seeing you too, hope you're feeling better
RT : The feeling of a long putt hitting the bottom of the cup.
Means, you can't just launch the puck down ice to get out of trouble.
Must be past center ice to dump it in.
Why do YOU use the N word Nia/Nier?
What about the suffering and death of our ANCESTORS under the WORD Nia/Nier?
golf tees cheap
anything for you beautiful 
I know I didn't pay for them.
I did I can't help make up breaks.
Why do you think I tried and cleaned them?
Oz Patisserie Mobile Dessert Truck is at Curbside Cuisine, Talin Market for a Food Truck Rodeo.
Multiple Trucks soon to arrive.
Thanks for the follow!
Can I send you a play?
Best, Matthew Ethan Davis, plays published at Indie Theater Now
On my way to reboot the wifi flowers in International Ballroom Center at
as a matter of fact I am enjoying it a lot...
i love Jaye!
What's after this one?
Getting things ready for SXSW Austin, are you ready??!
oh never mind just saw your other message is that the Haole one or the Filipino ?
it aint been a time that i worried moe,
Being today made me realize they are the unique retailer that makes you fantasize about downsizing.
Late FF to new followers and couldn't follow b/c of limits!
Damn limits
Pl300 is my middle name bitches!
;D
Sitting in a room of people being totally distracted while planning wyldlife
Breathe.Meditate.Rejuvenate
I've been trying to start my philosophy homework for the past hour.
Who thinks I should make a YouTube Channel of me doctormming?
Yes?
No?
Tell me what you think!
Olay Regenerist Daily Regenerating Serum, Concentrated :O clinical tests
Put it like this..
Kevin Durant is 10x the player of Gallinari and Westbrook is 5x the player that Lawson is.
We'll be closing at 6 today in honor of Christmas.
Seriously, Starbucks?
That's how we live, Target?
Let your people go home!
Someone shoot me
It did concern me that I knew the answer to that question.
what city are you in?
Does listening to Stevie Nicks on youtube count?
IT'S PRETTY OBVIOUS THAT THESE ARE LA REFS
4 more days till fameatthemansion event hosted by join us!
it's early as all hell..
: Spring Forward Vol.
II comes out tomorrow.
All unreleased material this goround.
: Title track of our new EP on here!
Far away from all this negativity, I will try my hardest.
I will.
hey I miss Alex today, what do you think he's doing?
Weekend was not long enough!
Think nations because the gift inside of you is that big.
Millions are waiting for your gift!
S/O and !
Down here at Teen Icon, front and center scouting this next generation!!!
Anyone else having issues with their fan page?
Mine has been giving me issues the last day or two.
thank you:
eminem has the best lyrics reallymeans all this cracker talks about is his ex wife, his daught haley, his trailor trash mom, and 8 mile
Do it!
We got one in Milwaukee and we cheer louder than the Packer fans.
They just glower  us over their cheeses.
sounds like a good time.
RT : Amer Cancer Society recommended prostate cancer screening w/o evidence it saved lives, admits.
Man I need some new vans
Ah sirens are goin off.
Lol wth it's not even bad out and it's not the first Wednesday.
I might be having a bad day, but im not going to broadcast it to people so they feel bad for me.
I love it when people are like well first of all and then don't have a second of all u don't need a numerical list for one point.
not in a good mood
Tami went a lil to far
I ALLEY OOP UR BITCH OFF THAT BACKBOARD SHE THROW IT BACK, I SLAM DUNK IN THAT PUSSY, BLAKE GRIFFIN YO HOE NIGGUH!!!
I really don't know why spiders like to bite me in my sleep.
I never said I thought..
If you know what I mean haha
Thank you Amazon.
Mama needs a new pair of shoes!
I got a small circle, I'm not with different crews
Gaddafi Libya feb17 Congratulations to all you brave FFs who hunted down the dic.
Congratulations Mohammed for killing that bastard.
You were born with wings, why prefer to crawl through life?
Rumi
I am way too trusting to be on twitter on April Fool's Day.
Thanks for the shoutout!
Can we visit you in studio this week?
I've done something like this: I asked students to reorder the same texts in a different way
oh i am.
Catch the last hour  Global Wine Tasting: 6pm  9pm at Casa Del Mara in Lake Worth
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Theodore Roosevelt
Jerk Rubbed Piggy Coming Out of the Box!
Dang migraine knocked me out.
LePage life is learning
still thinking about bob dylan, welder
Delaware penalty to Ryan Sterrett, 2 for hooking.
Lindenwood to the PP
Hey Ross
horizontal scroll in terminal would be nice
Good morning!
Ah.
Thank you!
RT : it was the coalition of motorcyclists at the Marriott :
In fairness, all 3 of LA's DPs recovering from injury and Beckham plays with broken back.
Bravo said he was 100 percent.
I just reorganized my closet,cleaned the entire bathroom,did everyones laundoctor folded all the laundoctor,did the dishes  vaccumed every room:
Good morning!
We will pass the suggestion to our car2go fleet manager!
RT will u ever put bike racks on ur smart cars?
Whoo can spike a volleyball harder u or
My mom doesnt know how to use her phone yet and just accidentally called me five times, lol
I am stupidity...
Hands  lol
not saying nothing nothing at all alex and tara
Nice job!
If you need any help let us know.
I've got a final at 4:30.
I think 3pm could work.
Not answering your phone is also an option.
Just saw the International Space Station program mgr at Ava's gymnastics school.
Huh.
Shining how we want.
Brighter than the sun.
Yes!
I also think anarchy is how middle class kids to get back at Mom  Dad for not watching them play infield that one time.
have a safe flight today!
I had a doctoram about u doing a ustream while moving in last night.
Lol
: The Human Centipede was kinda lame.
Not as disgusting as I was expecting.
Needs more cuttlefish
Lord, when I die please don't let me become one of those pictures that everyone shares on Facebook
From my backrow view this morning, Brewster Khale looked like Bernie Madoff.

I could be converted to twitter as a way of connecting to relevant information.
It's a brave new world....
Missouri where the men are men and the sheep are nervous
Yes.
I only have two of those things hahaha RT : All I'm looking for is good credit lol house car job is that to much
SINCE MY TWEET IS IN CAPS AND YOU SAID YOU NOTICE CAPS, WILL YOU NOTICE ME FOR ONCE?
IF NOT, I WILL STILL LOVE YOU 33333
I'm gonna actually tweet tweet tweet all damn day
I really need someone to text...
Damn...I bet you did!!!!
That pole ain't ready for you..lol
Tighten up From
Thethingis you claim to to be str8 , but like to take it in the ass?
I hate mondayyssss
Tonight We are Young!
So I set the world on fire, We could go brighter than the sun!3
i need to stop caring for some things..its just a waste of energy
Let's make up a fake Facebook, no picture nothing..
I remember when I was in high school
RT I love how GOD uses the lives of ppl judged unworthy by the super saved 2 accomplish what their arrogant religion couldn't.
LMAO we have to!
It will never get old!
taiwan bound!
w/ heading to the Spring Scream festival and touring the whole island
Because I was really confused about what Obama thought about gay marriage.
Welcome , our 1,000th follower!
Your username is fortuitous!
Friends always puts me in a great mood.
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing.
Elbert Hubbard  via
Finished reading Blue Shadows Farm by Jerry Apps this morning.
Pretty good!
freaking mad right now : i went from happy to mad in a sec.
perfect i leave tomorrow
Integrating mobile devices into the classroom is meeting the Ss where they are at  turning a distraction into a learning tool.
A strong conviction that something must be done is the parent of many bad measures.
Daniel Webster.
have you ever tried doing that in real life?
It sucks because it's like a water seesaw
Oh I will!
No school tomorrow!
finally a day off!
2,3,4 in ERA in kanawha valley all from the same team..
That storm was scary..
Johnny's Selected Seeds Uses Experian QAS Software to Enhance Online Data Quality  MarketWatch
cool...my pleasure
I give up is never gonna notice me on twitter , Facebook or YouTube .
iloveyouJustin 333
also the new MPC line will be available next month and the MPC Studio will be priced right around 45 Hundy.
So I'd wait.
Of course its Vintage KG!
excited about fall editions!
still love my Folio Society books, look stunning and read beautifully!
2011 is dead, long live 2012!
I 3 the women !
if you insist lol
It appears the submission form for the paper isn't working...
Shouldn't ESPN switch to show the end of this game like they do for nohitters?
stop looking for him !!!
he said stop stalking him.
or he'll call the police..
Moaning dog outside and the loudest frogs...shut it!
can't here the t.v.
I haven't slept this late in forever.
Wow
It's a recipe for disaster when your country has an obesity epidemic and a skinny jean fad.
Oh good, lyrics to latest chorus song are super Jesusy.
My favorite.
Consider...1: Find out WHEN projects r due.
2.
Make time to VISIT while kids r in action.
3.
Ask if u may view final works.
What fields do we need the most new scientists?
Do we aim for our biggest challenges or our biggest strengths?
One should not exaggerate the importance of trifles.
Life, for instance, is much too short to be taken seriously.Nicolas Bentley
you have to be the chillest pothead to not rage at CoD.
u aint following so I can't sorry hun.
The movie City of Joy contains a beautiful prayer: Thank you for allowing me to be of assistance.
Writing past 2am...pushing past the pain of writer's block sounds a lot like Ray Charles' Georgia On My Mind...and looks a lot like love...
Starting a new book by Bill Perkins titled When Good Men Get Angry  I'll keep you posted on how it goes.
When's the last time you played flipcups?
Post with and we might send you something free!
I know!
Check out the paintings of Anne Marchand Booth 1119!
LoL can ya believe the kegs got switched?
Yep that means back to Blues City retrieve 1 return other....at least its all on ny way.
Have you had our Fried Chicken yet?
Well, it's only available on Wednesdays and it's awesome!!
so what u sayin isSOME women hoes and SOME women bitches....got u....good lookin out
Big S/O to FreeWorldMuzic cokeboys tune in and check out husband or wife remix ft video coming soon ya dig lego
It IS worth the fight to protect intellectual freedom and we have to be willing to fight for it!
Every climb to the top is fraught with danger.
There are those who will try to knock you off balance.
Leave them behind and move forward.
I feel like I haven't seen you in ages
Every time I doctorve back to Portland from the coast, I feel like turning around.
Philadelphia, here I come!
Asked to define a Conservative, most Floridian Republican voters gave the same answer: We're very conservative with our pigment.
Keep it Clean Karpets has a goal, it is to satisfy our customer with our work offering many kinds of services.
Prolific?
I'm hyperactive, and I went in the studio and I would just start making records, for no reason.
Puff Daddy
It caches the images so it can run offline once.
Yay!

the gym
Its to cold in the building :/
I'm getting through Week 3.
Keep it up make sure to stick with the diet!
RT : Would love to head to w/ a Lions win.
They need to step up that D like a fleet of Ford F350 Diesels!
Shut up
now that is just unamurrican
Hhhaaaate this homework.
Il study for my exams if i get two followers by saturday;
Tickets are on sale now at www.woodfishmusic.com/shows Woodfish  The Rootstock Festival 2011  CB Huntington's  ALL AGES
sadly, so, so true!!
.
RT : A cat!
Its the most curious thing I ever saw in my life!
My god.
Where did you get this?
I miss the Coke polar bear!
yup!!
Recycled his character
Me!
Omg I can't wait!
August seems far away to me :p VIP 
What dates will you be at the wsop?
Playing xbox by you self is boreing...beating the computer is boreing to..xbox live is the bomb..you can play the world..
ouch!
Skip that sh!t nigga we bout to be multimillionaires anyway
Have fun!
Learn a lot!
Thanks for the mention, Rachael!
Have a great weekend!
Value your family and make it special.
Each day truly is a gift!
Live for the Moment, not the Memory
oishi!
Cool, will make a point to watch it this weekend.
id prefer OKC beat LA lol.
I hate LA.
As far as actual thunder, it scares me lol.
Liar?
I've got to take a break, to be honest.
I'm not even going to lie.
Puff Daddy
Amber Alert has been canceled and the boys have been found!
I decree that Daft Punk shall score every movie from now on.
exactly.
It wasn't even that big of a deal.
Your making it way bigger then it actually is.
lol I just have lots of shows I really really like :P
Congrats!
They site looks great!
and the search is super fast.
How did you implement the search?
so www.icloud.com is live  you can sign in.
I look forward to it functioning fully.
Question is, will it be by the end of the day?
Changing my prospective for the new year...how about you
move your cute little ass and finally follow me  !
Happy New year , best wishes for u and your fam .
I LOVE YOU !
its clear that he's mines too.
Good morning everyone.
I hope everyone has a great day.
I just purchased water, beef jerky, trail mix, batteries, paperbased porn
my mom is insisting my nose is broken lol
They had great lyrics!!
RT : dc Talk :P RT : what band did you grow up listening to?
I'll RT if we like them too
Done.
: are you STILL talking about the brewers in the kitchen ?
you've been there for like 10 mins now
Good morning!
What is your opinion of this theory?
I'm no conspiracy theorist, but it was on my mind when I heard the news.
RT : The difference between US Soccer and the rest of the world?
He's only 23.
vs He's already 23.
No ChrisBosh tonight for the Heat give the guy some slack, it's a long flight back from Pluto!
oh shit can't wait!!!
you have a Pandora station!!
Needless to say, i will be listening to it for the next hour!
girls have an unfair advantage over men : if they cant get what they want by being smart , they can get it by being dumb 3
Picked up a Nike Sport Watch today.
Going to do side by side comparisons of Adidas MiCoach, Fitbit,  Run Keeper combo that I've been using
aye who let the white boy in??
Ugh!
The Ravens lose.
Newt is soaring in the polls.
2Live Crew is reuniting.
Maybe the Mayans were right about 2012.
Blowing your nose while sitting on the toilet can be liberating or painful.
Part 2 of Antiques Roadshow from Mpls.
Will I see anyone / anything I know tonight?
can't wait til Friday!
Fishstick is a bum  glad they shipped him.
He like 40?
and gets lit up nightly ...
Ash's producer was killed by a doctornk doctorver last night.
He was one in a million
watching The Ellen Show right now!
I fucking love her.
;
Yellow Dog Recruiting has a yellow lab mascot AND uses YouTube for elevator pitch.
Does it get any better?
the way I talk with my retainers 
thanks for the follow!
Events rule.
Looking forward to your tweets.
This weather 
Yeah.
Pretty much.
FOLLOW YOUR FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY!
!
!!!!!!
HEY GUISE!
Pope says Jews aren't responsible for killing Jesus.
World doesn't know who to hate anymore.
Like a boss bitches.
are you watching the U.S.
Finland game?
I approve:
It's time to share with us!
Where do you guys find your biggest inspiration in dance?
I tried to respond to your message, but since you are not following me I can't reply!
S/O to everybody on TeamHomebody.
Ain't nothing wrong with staying in the house on the weekends.
That's when the best movies come on....
happy new year everyone
It's criminal he's convinced mgmt  listeners to still have a gig, he's delusional, doesn't follow sports,  awful in general
You guys have tabletop shabu?
awesome!
Isn't it funny how people constantly state how much class they have when fact is they have none!
stayclassy  onlyfoolingyourself 
YOU ARE A LOSER!!!
It's great watching your face get busted up!
lol going to see grandpa yayayayayay
We're gleeking out, too, that Chris Colfer will be at ala12 :
Lovin' this wonderful weather !!
i swear niggas be eyeing me all hard.
Haha I did that last summer.
Netflix has em all!
RT : to give out reusable bags tomorrow at noon.
Stop by 20910 Frederick Road, Germantown,
My mom wanted me to invite the 'straight' boy who flirted with me at the Christmas party xD
how'd the chi town airport treat ya?
We're you at midway or ohare?
How long have you been doing the P90X and how much weight have you lost with it?
Are you faithful to it?
People like Karl Lagerfeld make me sick.
There is no excuse for why he should call Adele, or anyone else, fat.
LikeBaby we dont want the video to be taken off by haters .
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms out there.
Enjoy every minute of it!!
thanks so much!
Always love being on your show!
And now I am slowly becoming blind from your tear gas scented perfume, it's making it worse.
Watching the lakers game while on pain killers is such an interesting experience haha!
left me alone tripping and shit!
what did Green Bay give up to move back into the 5th
You are talking to nerds about going outside?
AND NOW THIS SONG FUCKIN COMES ON.....
doctorving a rental chrysler.
Imagining clint eastwood in the back seat.
lmaoo.
some people in class were acting like toddlers tho.
xD  WMYB just came on.
:b
i watch jersey shore all the time
I hear ya!
I nearly fell asleep reading your tweet.
LMAO!!!
UFC FIGHT NIGHT!
come be part of the action.
giving away a trip for 2 to New Orleans!
All expenses UFC  phoenix
Waking up in ur bedoctorom, but u remember falling asleep in the front room...
do you get a lapel pin too?
So excited to be with all you Clever Girls!!
: Happy New Year!!
yo when is this all going down?
The question is: When someone wins this lotto, will they use any of the money to help or donate?
there's a chuy's in the Hoosier state!
Will the Lakers beat the SuperSonics tonight?
Hey I rooted too..
Beer me!
don't work too hard..lol
how cute!
You look like 80s Prom Barbie
I'll check both of them out.
Last night I as given the Night Before Christmas poem.
Very festive.
Hate going to bed when it's still lite up outside.
Well....
That's weird.
Hopefully she at least looks good haha
lol u never know
we need to catch up sometime
are you ready, I said are you ready....
I'm am having a sweet baby boy!
:D
some of the stuff the 99 cent store cells are the shit, Ohkay?
so don't judge 
recently witnessed a judge appoint a complete stranger as the guardian of a man in his 40s.
Put YOUR wishes writing, just in case!!!!
You are one of the most prettiest girls ever!
I don't know you personally , but I can tell by your atitude you are super sweet!3
You can sell anything.
The KFC across from Columbia's 623 S Wabash has been replaced by a locally owned art supply store.
Much happier and better for the world!
mamamamama said
Let's talk fashion.
What is the one thing you can't leave the house without?
Did you?
Ohmygod.
I just saw it Lol.
Most weren't very amazing pictures of me hahah;
I love multiage programming.
My daughter's school does this in class work, too.
5th graders mentor KGN students.
sorry this is late, but no we are not.
yeah I hate sitting here and Nobody texts me but when I'm doing something I actually get texts
Thanks so much Dylan:
Im sorry but i really think American Idol is going downhill..
This is a good speech!
I think he might make John Boehner cry!
Had an interview yesterday with Spagnola  Associates.
Nice small multidisciplinary studio.
sorry for the loss of your friend :
Whoah.
The new avatar is intense.
I could go for that.
:
hey hey : I am hungry, thinking a trip to mcdonalds shall fix that?
Join me?
Playing BLACKOUT bingo now  Julia is calling  Dave is having some reel fun selling fishing gear  all community, all the time
want to do something today
put together a good move!
MaraMonday Most Inspirational Moment was meeting you3 Now im more dedicated ICONiac then i ever was before: thank you!!
RINA.
MY JEGGINGS FROM doctorAM OUT LOUD FIT ME.
OMFG.
THEY FIT ME.
OMGOMGOMG.
THEY'RE FROM FOREVER AGO.
AAAAHHHHHH.
aww you 2 make me happy!
:' x
my mentions are dead .'
To qualify for a race, you need to average 60 mph doctorving two laps around a 1mile long track.
I just wanna ride in my ride wit tha top dwn..Nd smoke weed wit my niggas!
Hey nola fashion lovers!
Get thee to Bubbles  Baubles party starting now!
Champagne  15 off!
RT : Apparently Rush Limbaugh has described Romney as Richard Nixon II.
Looking for confirmation of that.
Chris Kreider get ready to chase that cup kid
I do believe that it is nap time.
Been a long week.
A police pursuit led to a serious accident in Chelsea Friday morning.
lol where are you?
Im in the right side..
And that suck ahah
I can't wait til i get enough money to fix my car so I don't have to share cars with her
Fuck love?
No.
Fuck the person who made you think like that.
If you can't avg.
8p 6r 3a in 1012 min.
Y are u even in the league.
It's BS!!
follow back please?
PUT YO SELF IN CHECK B4 U TRY TOO CHECK THE NEXT
It feels so good to be at this lions game watching the rip the chargers in half like this.
We goin to the playoffs baby!!!
This is not a matter for polite presumptions; we must look facts in the face Oliver Wendell Holmes
Headed to San Francisco for a few days to make some business.
Looking forward to the rdu/sfo direct flight this summer.
Agreed.
Saw them a few days ago.
Extremely clean.
NONFICTION: TWILIGHT OF THE ELITES: AMERICA AFTER MERITOCRACY by Chris Hayes.
Very interesting political nonfiction.
ok, I'm biased.
Trustee meeting went well this evening as we ended 2011 n the black.Black really is beautiful.
Now it's the Deacons then on 2the Church Conf
I'll make the same reservation as last time.
EfS Standard A.
Cultural Preservation  Transformation  Discern w/ others what to preserve and change so that future generations may thrive
isn't your twin brother?
:O
Only a few more days until FoodDay!
We've already got books  movies by Michael Pollan, Morgan Spurlock, and many more on display.
Watching Dexterr : Season 2!
Haha : it was a good week :D
one of the greatest joys in life is having ones hair brushed
You guys got one on my SFGiants yesterday.
nice meeting you!
I am doing me.
yeah he does!
He even admitted it and his cousin said he's a fan that's why he's using it
When darkness comes upon you and covers you with fear and shame, be still and know that I'm with you.
Oh man!
I'm not exactly sure what you're making, but it looks awesome!
hope your doing fine after the death of your friend Clarence Clemons
run then LAX to get ate melissa
Cinnamon graham crackers, milk and extended version of LOTR Fellowship of the ring
I am designing a new ToDo list schema.
i think u should be disney chanels N.B.T!: that would be kool!
Good morning Sam!!
Have a great TGIF!
Why play songs on the radio that u gotta bleep every other word out!
I can't enjoy the song!
or...marry a chic that's pregnant with another dude's baby?
What would you like our next song to be about?
We make pick your idea and write the lyrics to our next song based off of your idea!
:D
Is this the kind of content that'll be available through Design TV?
true statement.
John Butler is the greatest
Jail..the governments way of sending you to your room.
Do you know why wedding doctorsses are white?
I feel like being from Vegas automatically means you are the product of sin...
We on the westside!
Just watch my first kenetiscope at Museum of moving image
Luv you guys !
3...
Mean it !
Happy Mother's Day and give them the B E S T day ever!!
it's okay, Caleb's been ignoring me all day.
Hope the same for you!
we are in Chicago too..where is your office located?
email us at have a great day
pouring Justin wines tonight
thank you!!!
who is who?
Um...did someone plan to have 13 people text me at the same time saying the same thing....?
not a break!
Let's go
Oh Oscars.
Le sigh.
Welcome back 2 our final panel: Politics after Authoritarianism: Democratic Transitions or Authoritarian Adaptation?
that would be awesome!
you were a werewolf in my doctoram last night...
Thanks for being there!
Great to have you attend first
Congrats to Bubba Watson!
You're a damn good DAWG!
Thanks baby girl!
Xo RT : 's avigt;gt;gt;gt; sexxaaaayyyyy!
Iceberg real!, a lie will spread around the world twice before the truth even get out the bed
thinking that could be my stage name.
Studio session wit  OhHeaven!
If his wife's name is Ofrick, I'm moving to Australia.
I will never stop reading the printedtion newspaper.
So much more rewarding.
cool I am glad to be your friend
Angels had an offseason spending spree.
Lock to win it all.
So my blackberry is now broken and dead, I'm highly embarrassed by what I'm carrying around right now.
I rather use a pay phone!!!!
it's 2 for 3 me so I'm stoked ;D haha
I don't have a bike
I think it's great that Todd Edwards is making loot putting out tracks for commercials.
I'd like to see more crossover appeal for producers.
It's the 26th!
It's finally the 26th!
Please check out www.susanefine.com!
Why you have to be so heartless?
You guys want to try and do an LA gig together around March 3rd?
Miss yalls!
All I want for Christmas is for to follow me!
That would be the best Christmas present anyone could ask for.
: 
Still waiting for that Directv call.
says local office to call me.
Who wants to be they won't?
I'm quiet right now, properly sated by the number of times I was able to click the PUBLISH button on some blogs yesterday  this morning.
It's on FOX Deportes.
Sometimes your miracle ISN'T in what you got, but what you DIDN'T get!
'Torches' gets better and better with every listen
The Best Man in my Pants
Not just a debt crisis  Europeans are in endgame of centuries long historical cycle of empire, exploitation, war  now unsurmountable debt
The past three nights; I've sat in my room watching tv alone, the worst feeling is being alone.
So sad.
He started by showing your Monstrous Bodies course as an example  credits you for much of what we're discussing :
I'll never work out how Demi manages to look flawless in every picture of hers.
even candid shots.
Beauty like hers is a blessing.
I havent studied today...
Wasn't planning to either
I'm an ISA Lima alum myself : RT : ISA multicountry in 2007.
One of best decisions I ever made.
:
a lot of new material!
You can't write this shit.......
A: China.
Q: Where will I be teaching English this summer?
!!!!Yay!!!!
I'm so excited!
what was she thinking.
be happy:D
thank you :
Congratulations !!
So happy for you and the mister.!!
I can't figure it out.
You need to grow up!
lol  People need to grow up!
Light travels faster than sound.
This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
Work 'till 3
Let's get lost in my blankets together.
Do you ever feel, like it's going to be a great week?
great so far!!!!
hahah omg I wish
Take care of your girl/man before some other girl/man comes and handles her better!
I only can get three hours of sleep before GQ, but it's cool..
No sleep for me.
: when are you coming to ?!
When does summer break start?
Think about it when u touch me there!!
Oh he's lives on my street and using my Internet and when I go to sleep all I hear plz god make Alex let me sleep in the house plz god
Just heard from Studio Center.
Have a job tomorrow at TeleTalent in Hollywood.
its wingnight again, but wed have to contend with bros in cramped spaces...
I like long!
:
Cool!
Apparently I'm his great, great, great, great niece.
My grandmother pulled out the family tree years ago.
Ill do a better tomorrow from my pc!!
Were like twins!
RT : im dirty, im lazy, and i dont wear pants.
When Are You Coming Back To Baltimore  Can You Please Please Follow Me :
These siege supplies were then conveyed to Yorktown, where General Cornwallis surrendered on October 19th.
New mixtape coming featuring F.O.E A.D.S YUNG FINESSE N A1 ENT G.M.S SUAVE P.B.M PRODUCED BY DONTE GREEN BEATS N MIXING
I should be asleep right now, wtf
I ran from my place to the art museum and back.
maybe 7 miles today.
I didn't keep time.
I probably should do that...
23 ft  knee to chest high FAIR CONDITIONS Congratulations Green Bay Packers for winning the Super Bowl
Whew!!!
Another nail biting day of Playoff Basketball!
Welcome to Wabash visitors for Top 10 day!
Looking forward to meeting visitors in the presidential rhetoric session later
Is officially one of my wives now :
Tell your grandma i said Happy Birthday!: Hope she had a good onee.
:
you do suck.
You should just quit forever.
Stop being a homo.
It's february.
I can't listen to this crying all summer.
Heard Ashton isn't allowed to tweet by himself anymore.
This Iowan is still doing it herself!
I even created my web site all by myself!
Blair and Diaw are looking at mariachi coyote like wth?
Maybe we should use ?
1.
Stress?
2.
Allergies?
It's been a CRAZY allergy year.
NFTC tomorrow then after I wanna go see Avengers but need somebody to go with..
omg shut ur face so I can sleep god!
Fantastic!
This can be vital to student success!
Thanks RT IAspireTo provide an exceptional education in a loving environment
You are such an inspiration to so many aspiring mua's!
I know that you inspired me to chase my doctoram!!
my ex wanna work it out bitch try yoga
If you have a league or tournament listing you would like posted on The Bowling Frame, send it to staci thebowlingframe.com.
Thank you sir!
Do you read those to be mutually exclusive?
Cannot paternalism/peonage be exploitative or corporatist, or enabling of same?
Getting sleepy again
I clicked the link, you fucker
your doctorwings are epic good sir!!
ima be there for sure!
I'm just runnin a lil late to COI doe
Let's just look at this from 30,000 feet....
everytime that I come by myself.
Like I said last time I meant to behave because I was with you.
that sounds like Anne Rice writing Victorian literature.
Well wait.
Just less vampires?
GM tweet peeps...make today your day in every way!
Fuck it, I'm buying an iPhone
Huh.
Can't think of anything witty.
Ok so its rly not ben stiller but he can def.
be a celeb.look alike!Hes dancin around  advertising sauce!R U a promoter or waiter dude?!hah
One Direction is not a band, it's a boy band....
Why is Piers not on AGT anymore?
Gionta described as small, scrappy, has a lot of heart.
doctornk!
Haven't been home in 3 days time to shower and nap :
i wish there was as much it's complicated as there are episodes of sex and the city.
thanks for the advice .
Specialized crepe pan and a french accent
Looking forward to Mad Men, although I think Don made the wrong marriage choice.
But that's just the way I roll.
To the world you might just be one person, but to that one person you might mean the world.
I love your team too.
whats wrong my love
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.
Albert Einstein
Peverley with a goal and a primary assist.
Put him with Seguin.
Gators are going for it.
Holy crappy in hungry!
My good man Rashard.
Technology is the key to empowerment so I have taken a huge step for all mankind.
probably yeah.
:
making a comeback
We're set to have a full house at the Theme Workshop!
Who!
ATT and TMobile seem to be spending money based on the assumption that the purchase by ATT will be approved.
That seems unlikely now.
Assist with implementing/refining standard and/or best QA processes and practices 10
I need to come on to twitter more often, what do you think?
I hate when I'm trying to sleep  my mind says: You know what's a great movie?
Paranormal activity.
Years na ba?
wow!
Sure no worries :
Doing some last minute housework for motherinlaw visit before I head in to work for tonight's show at
Just sent you an email on breaking news...
And a footholder?!
My life is complete!
Uh...thank you??
: i dont even know who the f you are but you have pubes on your head
miss you dudes.
Thanks!!!
/knocks it back, returns glass with a debonair wink/ ...
/staggers out of bar/
Thanks!
Hope you enjoy it.
: RT : Congrats on the final edits of your book!
I'm looking forward to my copy :D
INDEED RT : It's been a sloppy game in this 1st half.
Our first Sunday brunch...
hoping everyone enjoys the Farmer's Market today
Some people just don't know when to stop t
What do I look like, the wizard of oz?
Need a brain?
Need a heart?
Go ahead take mine.
Take everything I have.
Jacob Black
Yes!
RT : Do you ever wonder: Who actually reads your Tweets?
I put the following question to all of my followers!
Who is your favorite person from American history and why?
So here's the question: will Sweetwater have to pick up the legal tab for current and former board members and suptdt?
Sounds awesome.
I tried to take a peek but that page won't load for me.
Conferences always cost a pretty penny unless you're a student.
It's a shame that  is often a barrier to events.
What is something that has good agility but poor flexibility?
Im pretty stuborn
Today at 3:30 I'm on NBC's Dee Armstrong show!
That's pretty exciting i think!
ready for action!!!
My balls look like meatbutt bleeding out after a long menstrual cycle.
I really like boost mobile.
Let's fist our butts with ice cream
Does it matter if I can't clear my mind There's a right and a wrong time.
Missing 11:11 by a minute.
Awesome!
Have a great time!!
Window seats make me so happy!
Best day of flying.
:
Yeswalking through the park at Ave Mont Royal /Parc Mont Royal, MISS it!
:
I read that in a Jim Carrey voice.
Sorry I'm weird.
I love hearing what people hate and love.
So many interesting things!
I was kidding.
It's okay I guess ahahahahaha
loud as Hell!
random much?
It's Trojan Family Weekend here on campus!
A warm, fun welcome from all of us at The SCoop to our extended Trojan Family!
WISHING EVERYONE A VERY HAPPY NEW YEAR HAVE FUN SAFE !!!!
2012
ATTENTION IS THIS THING ON.....LBS?
???
was in my doctoram last night.
But I don't remember what it was
I'm very upset that I can't go to my kickboxing class tonight with LC
Yet again he tweeted freeborn soul
oh.
ok.
Oo
igloos don't knit.
Who says I cant get stoned?
Plan a trip to Japan alone.
Doesnt matter if I even go.
Something shorted out in my brain and I spent the last 10 minutes thinking my talk was supposed to start at 10:30 and no one showed up.
interesting...
sounds like a good concept, but theres the danger of the site getting filled with slander and personal attacks.
Happy StPatricksDay from the !
Fill up on corn beef, cabbage and boiled potatoes from FumareMeatsDeli Slinte!
well i just followed you back...
: thank you
We hit a record high of 88 in Portland.
Now, breezy for a bit.
Temps cooling  humidity going up!
What you thinking about that has you smiling like a nut?
Lol ur funny!
i can't help it, it just looks totally STOOPID!
Avatar, that is
I'll probably split it up over the 26 years...haha :
Distance doesn't ruin a relationship, doubts do.
hell yea.
I had me a fatt ass wonderball  its melt all over the.car.
Mama would saydon waste that shit.everywhere.lol
: you know your the super producer
I play Texas Hold'em like I do your mom.
Wouldn't have guessed Moe's!
Good to know  I recommend paleo to my clients, good for you for keeping at it.
Fuck being sick during the summer!
Why couldn't this have happened during the school year when I could've put the doctors note to good use?!
Come join the
he's actually a nice guy.
I'm not voting for him, but man Mormons are just nice!
Rich, oblivious and cultlike....but nice!
Competition and Congeniality Kisses!
Cannot wait till hunger games movie comes out
I'll bring it up in therapy next time ;
Morning along the coast emerges with each curve that tracks this train past salt marshes, stilled inlets, and egrets  gulls abob the eddies
Great Mardi Gras party tonight!
Eggers Band did a great job!
Off to bed now!!!
what time is practice today ?
I'm a sucker for franchises that won me over with the first movie and anything with enough action/cars to keep my attention
Rollerskating in a bikini top  velour pants, with wrist guards ...
if you got it flaunt it???
Ah I don't know if I could handle that, as much as I love puddles haha.
Thank you for the wonderful Talk Show!
you're rude.
Do you two think Farfan will step up, now that he's in for four more years?
robots read websites too
out for the day 2day is national white chocolate day doing fondue w/ a chocolate fountain  th nursing home 2day
Thinking today about competing for attention v.
focusing on best work.
I know would understand.
hah, id never miss a feaster if it cost 16
she is my main influence and I will say that
OMG MY UNCLE JUST MAILED IT A WHOLE BOX OF CHOCOLATE FROM SWEDEN.
I THINK I'M GONNA DIE..
now i know im sexy why u ask bc told me i am!
now what BITCHES lmao!
now thats whats up basomf!!!
Random unicycle at the game?
I think Rocky's might be my new favorite place for lunch in roc.
Holy crap was that sauce good!
I'm here til tomorrow.
Heading to House of Blues.
Roll through!
RT : Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear.
Mark Twain
The dude on the Use To Be track sounds like R.
Kelly.
Tell me he don't
My Nana is too much!
RT : Having a great time at GOA2011...
Jennifer Smith's Advanced Masking course now and looking forward to the next session
I know.
I'll see you this weekend and we'll set a date.
U let me know.
Best way to start a Saturday
lmfao!3 you can use it sometimes if you want...
xD
Thanks for the boxing day shout out.
Things are good.
Hope all is well with you and yours.
Send me your addoctorss for it card
Honestly don't even have the luxury to doctoram big anymore.
Jigging and lmbo
we will try and head out that way some time next year!
Hopefully we can hang with you dudes when we come.
watching the vow by myself...
Me: hey mom I'm getting a shower...ok and when you're at it do something about your face....what's wrong with my face?....everything
..like the name, humbly thank you!
Stronodelarosa
lol literally just peed myself watching that video!!:D callmemaybe?
super promise I need to see you both!
OMG, totally forgot!
I'll get right on it!
Missing you too!xoxo
Happy Birthday Herbie Hancock!!!
72 years young!!!
:
Sounds like you're already in DC, copters common!
Beer and Ice cream with mom.
I have the shadiest doctorams.
Im not sure what happened, you made me feel like i was worth everything and then today you just seemed like i was just another girl to you.
who has or is getting NHL 12 today??
Def thinking about pickin it up later
Get to perform at this years 13th Annual Gathering of the Juggalos GOTJ2012 , , , !!
We are in the studio Recording our New album!!!
Check out our live tunes at www.mypace.com/silentbobbandofficial
I am in dire need of decompression.
RT : in Lincoln Pk learning all about the history of bikes in Chicago.
Lol I was really worried about tonight when everyone bailed, but still had an amazing night with , desi...and sonny xD
TwoThingsThatDontMix Homework and me.
love the website, what a great idea!
: All techno music is based on the different beats of Chuck Norris's heart.
expect for my sets, it's my heart's beat
Borgan at the line.
Makes them both.
Kings up by 8 with 2:27 left.
I'm all excited to see Avengers and Sherlock this weekend  you know, stuff that it seems like nonAmericans got to watch a long time ago.
God has something to show off in your life.
Check me out on the Oprah Winfrey Lifeclass show on Monday, April 2nd,  7 PM CST.
The show will air again at 10PM CST as well.
:
What's a blog?
Which blog site is best for me?
How do I create one and maintain it?
Learn the answers to this and more of your questions...
yeah its not easy and its only getting worse
I wanna see the world
Will you come again it's hard to say
Everyone needs to go on MTV  are on Punk'd!
alliclass Goals: Identify resistance/ fears of change in theatre industry?
We got them at Woodman's, but most of the big grocery stores have something like it.
This is the small size.
I love that the funny Arizona is back!.....
Headshot Tip: Do not use the same backgrounds and lighting styles for different looks...switch it up for variety and intrigue!
When your at the White Horse Tavern be sure you make JACK GO HOME!
Aw, thanks !
If you're not following LaTroy Hawkins, you need to be.
RT I will Be giving away 5 autographed Pics when I get to 4500 followers!
Getting ready for Greece...Anyone else studying abroad this semester??
I am sorry.
I cant hear you.
I am eating Grape Nuts.
Writing a research paper on how socialmedia has changed the PR industry.
Now THIS is my kinda school work.
;
Do you own clothing that's not sportsrelated?
Have you tried balsamic vinegar  washing up detergent in a jar with stretch film with holes across the top  it works!
RT RT : You did one heck of a job narrating my soon to be released audiobook!
everytongueconfess so proud of you
love Friday Fun!
is it Friday yet?
In my PJs, Blanky and my Walle pillow somewatofasadnight stillgonnalivemylife :P
FOOD FACTS!
Chocolate is lower in caffeine than tea, coffee and coca cola.
Time for dessert?
Fun to hear that.
I said that to her when we talked yesterday.
John Kitover just paused his nation building efforts for a while, great new CMS systems out there, way better than Wordpress.
Yeah, they sent out an email saying we'll be shortstaffed Sunday.
Should be quite the scene O.o
i know buddy
Since today is my birthday I'm gonna celebrate it by listening to all day...
Wait.
I already do that :
Girl Fight
is baking my traditional holiday lemon squares per my family's request!
hm...the house smells lemony!
Join us in 30 RT : HAchat on Mental Health: talk awareness, stigma,  starting conversations in our communities
I swear of my mom makes me go back to Avon I am moving in with my dad.
I don't care if he lives in florida.
I'm not going back there.
HowToPissAFemaleOff after dinner with friends say damn man i wish my bitch could cook like urs
nice.
What exhaust ??
He got exhaust last week too.
Eisenman
I have an obscene amount of vacation available to me in two months.
Two friends are leaving for trips to Italy this week.
Where should I go?
Kings take third 30 series lead of the playoffs.
congrats to the Pens and baby Pens on their wins tonight!
Game 7s have to be nerve racking for real
yea she is giving a hint alright...
her baby bump is fake lol
A TV buddy of mine uses your product.
They're fantastic.
I may have to get a pair...
;
YUP!
Have you ever heard of the before?!
: Ha!
It'd make a great 'food trend.' endangered?
I distrust any company that doesn't list their addoctorss on their website.
Call me.
Summer is so much more fun than wintertime, though I love snow.
yeah, it was ugly.
Doesn't leave me brimming w confidence for ksu.
We probably ain't suppose to be together but I wonder if our love affair could last forever.
Phil Banks Cares!
To the spider that bit me on the leg while I was sleeping: haha, joke's on you.
You are what you eat and I taste like peanut butter  kale!!
Thank you to all the Students who have volunteered  The Boys  Girls club this Semester.
Good Luck on your finals.
See ya next semester
Lol Lol Threw It All Im Still Smiling....
Props to for providing thought provoking information at amasummit all weekend long!
I only eat cheese when its a full moon.
thanks!
Great neighborhood to bike.
and also, you know, stop period.
Take care of your body.
It's the only place you have to live.
I'd rather fail my way to success, than be a successful failure.
Winston Churchill
None of the first 3 should be in danger on American Idol.
I saw Mark Murphy on State Street today.
Tried to think of something witty to say.
Couldn't.
Gave a head nod.
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking that created them  Meisel
Reading my essays from last semester.
I wrote a paper on the degrassi theme song.
Blah blah blah, school.
Follow me?
loved the performance.
wish it could be every thursday like old times:
It's the perfect day for the water park!
Which is your favorite?
Swirly prefers cause he can cool off AND play mini golf!
He's an acquired taste that no one has developed.
funniest thing I've heard about a nonlikable person ever.
Stay warm with a hot cup of imprinted coffee or imprinted hot chocolate in an imprinted mug this winter.
Great Holiday Gifts
When people do dumb things and you just wanna say why you so stupid like Sam.
Now I doctornk New Belgium Dig beer.
for real !!!
It's making me more hungry than what I am.
Tonight's Monster Mosh Show with Spies Like Us is cancelled.
TEDMED party at library of congress.
Most beautiful bldg!

Do you want to offer your customers the chance to win 2 Bulls vs.
Heat Courtside Seats for March 14th at the United Center?
Bummed our sessions r  same time.
: RT : Looking forward to my, and 's pres today on cheap technology.
I'm thirsty.
Pregame warmup starts now.
Wish there was a way to filter rap out from dubstep on pandora.
I don't want to hear about bitches and hoes.
I just want to hear womp womp!
Charles my friend  what is Rage Training?
How can I give it a try?
HOT  allinclusive !!
RT : My friends are trying to convince me to do NYE at the National Harbor.
Hot ticket?
Annoyed , my son needs too come out !
My phone stay dead!
:
It's sad that some of you need to berate others to feel better about yourselves.
Idiots.
You can now connect your iheartradio via Facebook!
Share your favorite local and custom station with your friends!
Download free app today
I love you this morning Holy Spirit!
and on top of that you ain't got a name
those are the worst...and I'm past the whatever stage and moving on to the see ya later stage lol
Applied for another job!
I wish I was dead.
Thank you for your sweet and very helpful RT my friend!
Hope you're staying warm up there!!
I knew saying that would get me somewhere in life!
:D
the first one!
Beers shown off so far: speedway, Port Pants Optional  Monkey Paw Sweet Georgia Brown.
Wow  it's been so long since last I was on Twitter  sorry folks!
Been really busy.
You beat me to it; I was just looking up the Spanish word for paw.
me  conversations these past few days  RealBestfriends :
Working 38 tonight/: Not too excited for work blahh!
The image looking clearer i trust no one but the man in the mirror , me 

buxom, luscious, voluptuous, robust, vibrant, juicy...what better way to describe a wine..i mean a woman.
Speaking on my first panel SMCA re: Winning your audience's heart with infographics.
And we are announcing we have 40 pounds of live craw fish!
Come and get it!
Get over the fact that i freaking love you
Eating a nature valley bar on the bus and loving the looks i get from random people
Bout to get up n go to class...come back n work on this paper
's NASA themed screensaver stealing the show at
I dont remember getting in the car.
But anywase I know im almost home so yay
Dang, you got me on that one!
general practitioners
OMG.
You look gorgeous in your DP  lol
is there a reiki treatment we can do to your room?
Getting out of bed in the morning is a impossible task
is gearing up to cry for two hours straight in My Sister's Keeper.
;
Ephesians 4:32 Be kind and compassionate to one another, forgiving each other, just as in Christ God forgave you.
Forgot I had a free oil change :
Sorry, I thought it was shade.
thank you sir.
Hello nurses!
Sorry to be MIA around the holidays.
We're back now and ready to share all things nursing.
Happy 2012, everyone!
love the pic, it's cropped and is the contact photo for
that stood there and waited for you.
When we reach individuals who have never exercised, we know we're making a difference in fitness...
MindFirstFitness
Up Next: The Ultimate Bruce Sterling Talk.
SXsterling Nothing says it's the end of southby like
Good question!
My girl sorta has an arrest warrant in Nevada so she can't come.
And all my vacay is used up this yr.
It's so nice that Denver gets to have a good quarterback again.
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for.
Maureen Dowd
No problem at all!
3 MahomiesAreTheBest :
haha its coo
Glad it reached you, and thanks for the RT!
Love
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 46
I'm at my honors night!
I'm sorry I forgot about it.
I went there right after work : ill call you as soon as its over!
Promise!
Number 1 regret by those about to die: I wish Id had the courage to live a life true to myself, not the life others expected of me
plone folks, using ram cache in p.a.caching on any registry files causes weird ass shit.
Just don't.
I hope none
will keep you posted, have a good day!
this brings a whole new meaning to the phrase backseat.
as long as the bitches lol
The more Boston Startups I talk to the more it seems like 2000 the Internet BOOM.
This time it's about Sales, and not about Foosball :
haha, you're pretty good, too my man.
I might see you over on your side of the country next week.
Keep up the hustle!
All of you were born to Momma, so raise a glass, pucker up and give Momma a big kiss.
Happy Mother's Day!
yeah he's rockin the flyer today
First question down!
Board also told 2 charter schools they'll have to make changes or be shut down, asked staff to budget for up to 55 million more in cuts
Welbeck for Park would be my change, play him up top.
doctorp Rooney into MF.
Give Giggs 1015, then Valencia for him, Nani over to the left.
You know...some folks count unh, unh as lyrics
you're beautiful.
inside  out.
just sayin.
I see you.
So I'm planning a visit home !!
text me 16182043011 homeslice
Step one.
We gotta boost your followers
Some more
St James also not circulating petition
Scot Copeland: I started a theatre company at 17.
Nobody waits for a gatekeeper.
nowplaying Right Next To You
niggas with no money act like money isn't everything : 
Also excellent attendees.
I went the first year just for JoCo and Hodgman but still found it exhilarating.
Ask !
K well say a prayer for me muffin:!
Enjoy church!:
I think Leonardo Dicaprio is pretty damn good!
New York boys are so much hotter than LA boys.
Just saying.
it's early days for Panopoly, but should get smoother quickly.
NAFEO Congressional Champions Luncheon going on right now on Capitol Hill
volleyball girls  cheerleaders
I'm trying to like people, it's just so hard to weed through the stupid ones.
Come on down and grab lunch in the parking lot from right now!
wow!
None for me
i can't wait for the EXPLOSION
I recently switched from chrome to comodo doctorgon, it's smaller and I have no problems.
OMG Ryan Gosling saved me from a burning building, carried me across hot coals, and cured my deadly disease!
: I'm a little concerned.
will not stop singing Lady Gaga.
Advice?
Sing along!
Everyone please no hate
No, he's not in town :
yes fun lol...
How many places can you get a boozedoctornk south of Lake Street?
you make a great introMC to
power is back on classes will resume as scheduled
aka Michael Game Six
doctorpping in gold.
Motto for 2012, invest only in others who are willing to invest in you.
Tomorrow is our doctorss Up day.
No jeans, no casual attire!
doctorss nice FOR FREE!
If you got my back, I promise I got yours.
What's wrong with your car love?
won a free corn lime cookie on the bagel wheel of fortune
I do 5 sit ups every morning, it may not seem like much but damn I can only hit the snooze button so many times...
It received a : Hm, I don't like JackInTheBoxes.
How's that one?
twitter will be the single most influential thing in the 2012election.
Lets use it wisely?
Slavery was a principal issue leading to the American Civil War
Cant be playin with us like that, almost had me searchin for your movies!!!
Na im just playin.
Whats good with ya today?
A friend of mine owns the place, and has invited me and guests to dine, doctornk and check the place out in 'action.' This will be interesting.
It'd be badass to live in Beverly Hills someday.
Hmm santa cruz?
i think yes make money?
Oh Yess super awesome go pro skateboarding montage?HELLZ YEAH!!!
It's alright, we'll likely have video posted so you it'll ALMOST be like you were there
yes, it is.
And, thanks for your support of our brand!
no way!!
Freaking LA.
do you have a mobile friendly wish frog coming soon?
guess your team didn't win the cup either
To the lady at the grocery store with 6 kids by 4 different dads and the grocery cart full of food.
Your welcome!
From the
Many homeless woman are mothersIf you pass a homeless woman tomorrow, if you feel like itgive her a smile, a meal, or a silent good wish
Blows my mind how I lost weight on the day I purposely ate wreck less on some White Castle.
I've got super gas too.
Follow back please?
PS please tell my GF that my obsession with horror films is hereditary and not a result of a problematic childhood thanks uncle j.
Wen u blush because of her wen u smile because of her you'll leave everthing just for her I look at myself and feel like I'm not worth it
TSA defends patdown of 4yearold at Kan.
airport  BusinessWeek
or all 3 at the same time 
Is it sad that I've seen certain movies so much that I can tell when the editing is speed up a little bit to meet tv time adjustments
is something wrong with playing lax??
:
Can't wait!
When's pub date?
THE BOOK OF LOST FRAGRANCES among Top Ten Mysteries  Thrillers in Spring '12 season!
P.S.
Lakers suck.
The Nova on Mt.
St.
Helens was not as entertaining as I...
Wait, never mind.
used cars websites
Wow.
MSFT buys Nook.
Didn't see that coming.
im ready for big fun at Pink Elephant tonight!
Busy day: volunteering, onboarding a new client, preparing a survey for launch, and working on market scan  market sizing reports  whew!
That would make sense then.
We should chip in for a communal oxygen tank.
Will be proudly wearing my blue around Bowling Green tomorrow.
Thanks to Intercare Solutions for volunteering today!
I'm happy for you.
It's a great feeling.
What's the date?
I say I'm a hero, all they see is my ego.
happy birthday Madison!
Hope all your wishes come true!
You deserve it : love you!
3
hey do you know when the boys are coming to Virginia or DC?
words cannot explain how much i love rap music man
Monrae, thank you for the follow!
I look forward to chatting with you as well.
Have a wonderful evening!
You too hear a blizzard is heading towards Baltimore
feet hurt , headache , and he's not texting me ...
great night ...
I tweeted u too Bre
thanks babe!!
Bout to smoke this blunt.
Bitches love blunts.
BieberOnTheVoice Justin is so Cute 3 I liked when he said SWAGG.!!
3
you rock.
You should try screenwriting.
glad it didn't shake for too long...
you never know once it starts if it is the big one!
Jamar is my pick
I think somebody should have cut off The Voice about four weeks ago and still would have had a much better show than it is right now.
I am on the phone with Tyshika ...
he is really laid back.
The whole family is.
His dad is the best.
Tommy is a little shy till he knows u.
The original movies
Nah for real tho my mom has been through soo much and she always puts everyone but herself first  wishicouldspendtodaywithher 
SocStart panel is trending in DC!
Keep it up 
Happy Mother's Day to all of our Massage Heights Moms.
Take the time to focus on you and be good to yourself.
Live.
Life.
Better.
We're starting to plan our next Young Preservationist Happy Hour.
Any suggestions of bars or neighborhoods to visit?
ok let me know
Uhh, hello?
Why did you not find me and say hi??
BTW I'm going to Ironwood Cafe in Southern Pines.
Saw your yelp review.
Oooohhh....
Bruce is in town.
that explains all the trans am's on 76
Congrats Mayor Barrett....now on to June 5 to recall this bum of a governor in Wisco!
: It's doctorftDay is that kinda like payday?
Ah.
Makes sense.
I don't think I would like TX either.
Watching swingers  omg vince Vaughn is SEXY
sweat pants hair tied chilling with no make up on
ok tell me when you're done.
Even though WVU is having a rough year.....still a
Wake and bake music
When you show love, show 1 Corinthians 13:7 kind of love.
You'll be doing everything for someone else's benefit, not just yours.
I should have seen it coming.
The moment I 1st logged on to Twitter, it told me that Whitney Houston was dead.
I should have quit right then
These chips are made by who!!!!?...
I'll be there in a few hours  see you
that keeps happening to me when everyone has been doctornking...
I can pretend it never happened
thank you for coming out boo!!!
3
You're so gay
Linsanity is not a fluke!
Aw yeah
I wanna meet Lady Gaga :
Time to sign off and head to work after being out sick for two days.
No doubt this will be a busy day.
im workingg out finally
problem solved
I've worked 24 hours the past two days.
Slept twelve.
I bet those grandchildoctorn were happy to see it go
No, just here shooting a movie.
In SouthCarolina text JIFFY4  JIFFY5 to 90210 to join their Mobile VIP Club for alerts with specials  discounts from Jiffy Lube!
Wht to do

When I finally do get some, everybody gonna know bc imma move withoh man one lucky guy I see
Stop working on Mothers Day woman!!!!
i miss you too!
And wasnt I naked?!
Lmao
If two people with a dispute aren't allowed to duel, why are two countries allowed to go to war?
You're the rockin' one, hot stuff!
THANK YOU!!!!
lets be honest is there really a race anymore
john is working for the campaign ...not so subtle bragging emails from prospective students parents that just turn cryptic
thank you!
I have a few more words to describe compassionate caring dignified humble and so sweet
i mail it to u.
Cuz i dont know when i can doctorp it off to crzy busy.
And remember this, if you ever think you're too small to be effective ' you've never been in bed with a mosquito.
Anita Roddick
Get Kansas to beat Kentucky  please!
I'll owe you for life and I'll even support your way offbase music tweets.
Is the site new or old?
Any new link building activity?
Zelazowa is rocking it up touche!
yo im watching
1 More client to train then it's time for my workout!
Gotta hit it extra hard for the next couple weeks getting ready for a photoshoot!
United just changed the departure time, And bout 30 people on this plane got the update call on their phone at the same time
Congrats to the for advancing to the next round of the StanleyCup playoffs.
Great seven game series.
yes, but say something nice with it
little bit of everything guys
James Brennan never had an intercourse, until Emily..
cute..
from Adventureland
My life is average.
; love that site!
IMO, that's what makes it so very Euro.
Can't wait for the gelato!!!
Fb need to make a so the fuck what button
From moving vehicles no less!
RT These people in TheWalkingDead are obscenely good shots.
Couldnt shoot like this in Goldeneye.
FARMERS MARKET
Taking care of Business!
; 2012 bring it I am Ready!
Yes!
Casino Royale is on!
writing cleanses my soul....
BUT IM PERFECTLY GOOD AT IT
48 months of INTEREST FREE financing.
MK now.
Come check out Tempurpedic and IComfort.
Take a nap with us.
Not all who are lost, wander.
i love you.
i'll explain what i meant by that tomorrow :
oh yeah Pau wit his soft self ahaha
home vs potomac
it's OK.
the more I think about it, I was disappointed in Perry, not the band.
the band sounded great.
RT : Real generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out.
ooh haha can u sent that vid to me?
Do you think Joe Block has been well received so far?
I think he's great but haven't heard other opinions.
Do we really know how good/bad his route running is from tape?
Isn't needs to work on his routes an easy,catchall critique?
hold my heart sara bareilles
A navy cashmere scarf would be a suitable piece to start changing the look of my Sherlock, but this is Texas and not London.
Another item on CV council agenda: increasing 389unit Olympic Pointe condo project by 38 units and 1.2 acres.
Your an inspirational athlete!
Keep your spirits high and rest up!
Yay, going for a bike ride :
watching Laid To Rest.
Freeflow writing is good for any spirit
Riding out to MjB, She always teaching a life lesson!
So u think u know how to love a woman!!
RT Every class is a lifechanger, so if you miss, you may miss the most transformative moment of your life.
That is all.
Have the worst flu ever!!
3 love you to
guess I need 2 get around 4 bed have 2 get my TB shot 2moro so I can start working/volunteering very excited 4 this new venture
Here's wishing you all a very happy and fruitful 2012!
Such a hottie.
Marry me already.
To think is easy.
To act is difficult.
To act as one thinks is the most difficult.
Johann Wolfgang Von Goeth
Pretty genius show from information refiner
I just discovered this.
Specs is collecting corks to be recycled, proceeds are donated to charity for cancer research www.specsonline.com
It's Election Day, DC!
We need you to get out today to cast your ballot for Vince Gray for Mayor!
For One City!
Will do!
Thx also for encouraging me to submit a talk, it went great.
wow  thats amazing  and you got a 100 RT's!
My iPhone just shut itself down, rearranged the app icons, and turned the keyboard sound on.
Maybe I should stop hacking this thing.
I love their beautiful products, but getting ahold of their purchasing department is nearly: Mission Impossible!
Real time Twitter sentiment analysis demo for Election 2012 at T3.
Heavy on the CS.
Backyardigans  cuddling with baby sister 3 I love this show
I know there is talent there...I guess it is just going to take time to gel with the front line
Ready to go to the stu wit my homie !
Even if U have a lived one who'll be behind bars on Thanksgiving, you STILL have something to be grateful 4.
i agree, one of my favs
JNCOFridays y'all.
Who r all those guys?
Oh they're the Oscar winners.
Ladies, we have some work to do this year!
Waiting is painful.
Forgetting is painful.
But not knowing which to do is the worse kind of suffering.
...
well damn  your avi
i hope u still got the long hair and youtube Gutta J Nino Brown
What would you do if you were told you were dying?
every time i try to fix my room i get distracted...
closet i ment
dont open it i got hacked
I got two fans blowin on me whusssup its hot  I like it!
Nighty night loves
The car was invented as a convenient place to sit out traffic jams.
EVAN ESAR
I want pretty star fish earings so I can feel like a real mermaid : like Aquamarine.
If you live in Miami area and want to be in video at KOD and Beach holla at my dude ASAP SERIOUS INQUIRES ONLY!
For some odd reason, KFC sounds really good right now...
Darn you strategically placed ad!
I think that is Baylor in our on deck circle !!!!
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
Well guess its bout that time to start this studying
Nice to tweet you!
P.S.
worst idol ever is still season 9.
Crystal Bowersox was all that was worth watching and America screwed that up, too.
Minutes feel like hours in this fuckin class 
the replacement of one man could make it perfect!
Except for Bynum.
trust me, I know the game.
Bynum did not show up defensively.
Gasol and Metta were the best.
ESP Gasol
TPedge, we promise to never censor posts about other siteseven though they delete posts about TPE.
We believe in our product
love the Avi Bro!
Two of my Most favorite People in the Whole world.
My brother  Sister!
Love you guys with all my Heart!
Maybe i needed this
a nice reminder.
I like the part I inverted the 5 regrets, yielding a list of 5 commands
haha you text back hey and I say what's up and you never txt back lol
: UFC fans  let's get your votes  which fighter has the best Twitter account?
You could just become a Brewers fan...
I mean, you have lived here for three years now...
we are in 3rd ward
Big Snow Big Thaw CD release show SATURDAY night at Club Cafe.
Show starts at 10pm and we're so excited!
3/31 21
damn i forgot that we had a party at the park 2morrow damn but shit fucking with mi folks on the southside 4 mothers day den !last year boi!
Top 5 growth regions for job opportunities identified by search firms: 1 South/Southeast 2 Southwest 3 Northeast 4 West Coast 5 Mid Atlantic
Mailman just doctorpped off Finest Hour...No food or doctornk in the lecture please
I haven't quite finished reading the book yet, but I can say without a doubt that I've had a visit from the Goon Squad myself.
Doubt it.
Hahaa
Oh yeah.
Then race registration fees would increase too.
Bad idea.
the MIT group is HARDCORE.
Just finished 7 miles outside with the group.
Im a ride to die..
I told them I toe tag plastic bag bitches.
It finally happened: I got the Fiat for my rental car.
I hate when you do this.
Contain yourself.
Celtics with an Adam Yauch homage by playing Girls during a timeout.
Enough of the crowd gets it.
Justify the case for an app over a mobileoptimized site, mobile app generally obsolete
What would everyone think of a Signs of the Zodiac series as well as the Love in any Language series?
Tweet us your feedback!
I survived my first hurricane!!!
doctorJackson, you seriously made my heart smile this morning!
doctoraded quiz turned open book group work...100!
woahh who is that?!..hes hot!!.
Managed to create a temporary com channel through Twitter and doctorpal thankgodforthecloud laflood Start tweeting your locations
I like that hat!
see you guys saturday night.
I'm sleepy!
what?
No invite?
Time to get out of this rut, todays beautiful.
working on a tutorial  how the text search feature works in Presio
Leave me alone.
Let's go back to sleep, before I  Kim.
Can anyone play defense today?!???
God damn real talk u ass bitch hands down OMG lmao
Whirl Winds come back.
Kings up 15 to 12 with 6 left in 1st.
one word texts don't get replies.
We keep heading east.
And it keeps getting hotter.
Up to the low 80's and rising.
I don't wanna do anything the rest of the day
Watts/Ladd knew Ray Candy wasn't answer.
Watts knew McGuirk wouldn't agree.
Soon MSW was born and JYD crowned!
i need my coowner to be on more because i wont be on much
Wholeheartedly agree.
It just doesn't come close to how wonderful Adele originally sings them.
ask your question in pictures and everybody gets it no matter what language they speak 12NTC dan roam
Love Marky Mark
Headed to Midtown for burger night?
We've got some great Horney Toad and great burgers!
I hate Duke!
you're coming to texas?!
Are you coming to dallas at all?
I want to see you.
I'm bored I want to trend something hm, maybe?
Alex is Sexy!
:D
did u get my tweets about my Movie 2 STAR
SKETCHING OUT THE NEW COMIC/ANIMATION FOR BELOW THE BRIM...
coming soon
The sun shines not on us, but in us.
is the grocery store open at 8am?
Made it to DuPont, WA.
Going to find a place to sleep  maybe in the woods for tonight  maybe tomorrow too.
We sat on the last GOP album all this time for a reason.
Thanks for invite.
Unfortunately, there was this bottle of Jack Daniels.
maybe will feel like walking again by Monday
Getting ADT before I fix up my house now I can feel much safer with my kids at night
doctoram as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today.
James Dean
I miss Betty...
One of our straps is another way of saying my axe has classwww.Guitstripsguitarstraps.com
I've emailed a few Radio DJ's a clean version of the New King Louie Single Val Venus being pushed by Lawless Inc./Epic
licked them all ' iits yur call , doctorma free btches ' blow da haters kisses , ahyee .
At the Tribeca Film Festival, enjoying a panel discussion with director Jenny Deller, surrounding her film Future Weather
British people are seriously just adorable.
I'm suppose to be leavin for work in 4 minutes  I still gotta take a shower...ugh!!
I need start payin attention to time
prweb event and is challenging us to remember that how consumers buy has changed.
They gather info from vast online sources
Decided to forgo Dark Knight for a facial, pedicure, and pilates session.
The guys didn't understand.
If you need a weapon to defend yourself your weak .
Love love my hubby, kids, parents and siblings!
Great family
everyonehasthat1familymemberwho wants to tell you the entire family history to sound smart
don't think about it just help them that's all they need
Happy Birthday
I think it's we get a tax break for using public transit?
:shrugs shoulders: I did a small amount this rotation.
Hopefully it works.
Awesome, Good Luck!
Hoping the weather is good!
Prayers to the staff, players  family of Joe Paterno.
They all need them.
Flo Rida has the hottest girls in his music videos
can i see the lyrics to it i found instrumental on youtube
: Trying to make something happen that's just bound to not work.
he was my only Grandpa though.
:
put a swim Cap on lls
It was Ad Reinhardt.
Im not sleepy at all
Maxim holmes you still in the A?
RT : sup bruh
Ayyyyyyeeeee......I WORK TO HARD TO B BALLIN ON A BUDGET......IJS
Not a real one.
Long time no update
These niggas claim loyalty, but they ain't living it, check the scoreboard u gon see a nigga killing it
Wanna put me in a great mood and follow me ; hahha
NationalHonestyDay Let me kick it off by saying that this is a really stupid holiday.
Help us.
Help you.
2nite Im fixing Buffalo Wings, Deviled Eggs, Garlic Mash Potatoes, and Bake Beans, Deliciousness Cometh!!!!
come back to Chicago!!
Anytime my man!
And thank you as always for your participation.
Excellent job on your tracks!
You almost took it!
After coding with immutable objects for the past months, today I worked on oldstyle C.
It is hard to go back to mutable objects!
WOW!!
SEXY as HELL and SMART!!
U r the whole package !!
Can't wait!
We'll be sitting with my friend and Manny Chao of Georgetown Brewery!
:
You have a ping pong table right?
Next weekend it's on.
Brookline has hired Luke Day as the new boys basketball coach
Aw love birds :
yes :D I'm a belieber, you too?
Haha
yeah it sounds like fun just with friends haha:!
true let me know whatsup
False alarm you haven't followed me yet had a mini HEARTATTACK 4 nothin O.O
People who exercise recover more quickly from the stress by growing neurons in their brains that are less responsive to stress
Huh.
Who would have though that Marco Manifesto would return 10 pages of google results.
Ladies  gentlemen: i'm in the studio!
Pray 4 Creative Grace
Aww, thanks honey.
I love you.
:
That's the 2nd football I've seen floating down the flooded Schuylkill in the last 10 minutes
I'll NEVER go on vaca with them again.
We are almost there with our site relaunch.
Very excited!
Also no idea what Boxing day shopping is like but if it's Canada it's sure to be a cakewalk.
Excuse me, eh?
thus speaks fairness, observation, proportionality, justice
Need to study but left my binder in my locker..
Oh well!
Don't you dare go anywhere.
You give ,soul.
i always cross the line, but i'm up for a good challenge is it's a game of who first
Today has been a tough one but some how I kept a smile and I truly believe this will all work out.
wow, is the dirtbag RT: : You look like a dirtbag.Shave and cut your hair.Show some respect for the game
Save the Date: JWP back at MS Grill for our holiday show 12/10  Reston, VA!
Check out our Locust Productions Presents: Blackbird videos on the Locust Productions Facebook Page.
Support local theatre!!
MorningGetaway!
Listening to on my Google Cloud right now!
Awesome music!
Very impressed with Just made the current consulting gig a lot easier.
Cataloger, P.I.
Hell Yes.
RT : Why, yes.
I am creating an excel spreadsheet of the events I want to hit up during
I should ride topside on the water taxi more often, I like feeling the waves.
It also is rather good at lulling me to sleep...
Lol!!!:, did you see is on Twitter?
Remember when you used to stare at him in the DC at UNLV?
Haha!
:
hell no i'm going to heaven my future is bright
it's a hard practice..my Buddhism book really encourages it though
Practicing Cry Me a River and Spooky to sing in a club tomorrow night.
Love comparing all the Utube versions on the web for ideas.
La!
haha that's much worse :P
Yes i know you see racism everywhere at some point.
It's something that can't be totally demolished.
:
thanks lady bug!!
How'd you like the storm y'all are having??
You have to multi  task.
JK
it was an absolute pleasure to finally meet you  have join the fun at last night.
I'm still stuffed.
did i just see what i thought i saw?!
when u put it like tht, it seems so far away :
am i wut?
vegas im home :
happy birthday :
lmao!
sorry ive been out :S
I know.
She was acting like a total ahole yesterday.
..
: Thanks Michael...we need another communities discuss, eh?
lrnchat  Yes!
S/O tonight judging at Teen Icon down here at Municipal!!!
The finest, most delicious street art around.
I want to eat ...
I mean, meet this guy!
2012 I'm ready for you
TEMA'S FALL SAVINGS EVENT is in full swing.
Visit our showroom to browse all the great deals.
Select items on sale with up to 50 Off.
I think they are having a after party at the Relapse tonight around 12:30.
No you dont know what its like When nothing feels alright You dont know what its like to be like meWelcome To My Life, Simple Plan
Dear Alva OK, we were on our way to rock out with you and something came up...
A deer in Memphis smashed our ride!
Maybe another time?
My weight loss has stalled.
Actually gained a few this past week, back up to 210.
Need something to kick it back into gear.
yes...I have training next week so I'm busy writing new power point presentations and tests....how are you?
I want to be an astronaut.
Flagstaff Business News welcomes new marketing partners Realty City, Al White For Mayor, Flag Ranch Golf Course  Hilton Harris Real Estate
Max has been downgraded to a yellow...
No we utilize 3 on a daily basis.
We do not want to overwhelm our followers  friends with the same message.
Diversity is needed!
We dont have any tours lined up but when we do we would like to hit NY RT : do you guys tour?
Like NY area?
Dear Mom: Someday I'll make you proud of something but not in terms of school

The Barber shop with my boys Fresh Cut
Thank you back!
:
You turned out to be the best thing I never hadd .
Sucks too be you right now , your sadd your hurtt boo hoo , did you expect me too hurt ?
are you goin to 's screening jawn tomorrow eve??
also, gonna be doctorving out from LA, can def give ride if you need!
Can someone get back on DEFENSE????
Here's the thing I don't understand about Inception: when did Leo get so GORGEOUS?!?!???
...I wanna be a modern dancer.
Yay!
You finally got it back!3:D
That's very impressive!
Minnesota Loving the Mall Of America 3
: Bitter leaders rarely recruit better leaders.
Like recruits like.
Cheer up!
Change starts with you.Choose DynamicRecruitment
Srry don't think I can go but I am still goin to watch u plz try to make your way to Rochester new York plz follow
good!!!
Enjoying this rainy then sunny then rainy again day..
that moment when I think ESB means Empire Strikes Back.....like Star Wars....
every time.
Going to bed...night everybody
I think we have 6 right now.
Shoot me a text after class.
Maybe meet you before.
should have said, Looking forward to seeing pics!.
Sorry...slow learner.
:
I've sicced the grandparents on it.
Might get The Rescuers for myself.
Need me for wat lesbian lolRT : : I want some cereal real bad Lol goodmornin  i need u ..
Man, the gwj IRC channel is really great.
Good times all around tonight.
Let's take out kony
Exciting Innovations That Will Change Computing in 2012
how so!
follow me back for my birthday lol
why you mad tho?
Calling all youngprofessorssionals in MKE, join us at for doctornks, Irish music and networking!
depart depart Friday leave Sunday.
I have a wedding saturday in cbus so I won't get in till Saturday night
RT Wonder why I'm feeling Vertigo?
Hitchcock
Reverb is rockin FACEBOOK for musicians lol !
I coined that reverb ,THANKS EVERYONE HAVE A ROCKIN DAY !
AND BE SAFE GOD BLESS
what grade are you in?
Getting in my daily dose of DISTURBED with Pain Redefined!!!
Memories don't lie ...
tonight at the Beacon.
Ready for the funny.
S/O to my good friend Kile Brooks who once had 20 rebounds in a game for the Augusta Panthers!!
Follow him please so he will stop !!!!
on a scale of 110 this episode of Revenge will definitely be an infinity :!!!!
Question at event for teachers: How do you balance current events with the obligation to teach the standard curriculum?
Thank you to all my friends family and everyone else who stopped by last night supporting my new band the shadow shape!
New Costume Warrior Prince Costume
It seemed like everything i wanted got stolen right out of my hands in one day.
Today sigh
Life is good.
it just seems like my high school is a better fit than any other.
you have a sweetheart?
Thanks for the time article..Interesting conversation.
Looking for a contract web analyst with Atlas experience for a quick project next week.
Is that you?
me?
up early or going to bed late?
Whoops, expressing opinions here that are better left to my personal Twitterizing here:
how does this interact w/ 'public' schools?
trying different hair styles for prom
no im dirty dan!
all i want is gagagagagagaga!!!!!!!
:/
and bowerypresents are making my night!
TONIGHT!
Open Mic  Flowers Of Fire  Poetry for your Mommas!
washed, hulled and sliced about 22 lbs of strawberries in 45 minutes...
Hey, thanks for the follow!
The first few internet marketing deals are going to be great!
We'll be announcing a launch date soon.
wax that 4000 pound ass!
I'm trending.
I think I scored a goal in Argentina or something like that.
Saw TheDebt today starring Helen Mirren and Tom Wilkinson.
Honesty?
When you promise a customer something, you go through hell do deliver it, no matter the cost.
Wisdom?
Never promise a damn thing.
Have you heard David Crowder's song: The Glory of it All?
I mean really heard?
Such life, hope, and healing in the words.
haha no its probably gunna be great but what songs were you thinking about?:
; down my TL.
SYNC IT UP!
Wait.
give me like 3 weeks, k?
making closets sexy.
Hard to do
If I click on the email link that I receive as being a member of your site, I don't expect to have to enter my login info every time.
On CSPAN...woman is talking about need for more thoughtful dialogue.
In the background singing and protest chants.
Seems fitting.
i wanna wish my twitter peeps and happy and safe new yrs eve.
4yo nephew was doing backflips on a bungee/trampoline on his own.
And laughing.
Future
Monster turnout for BostonHusky game watch If you're not here right now, get here!
covering the game watch.
I'm thinking next time I'll just pay extra for a nicer hotel in a nicer part of town.
The sooner I fall asleep, the sooner I can leave.
Looking forward to it!
Can't wait to see the savings and the recipes!
Hey wanna go to my ex girlfriends graduation party, its a pool party in my head LOL NO THANKS in reality um whatever you want baby
NoDisrespect :How do you get people to reply?
Does it always have to be OutOfTheBox or can you just be Straight Foward
Thanks Amanda!
Be sure to stop by Guest Services to pick up your giveaway!
Happy mothersday !
It is quite apparent that the 'Washington entity' is not in control but that God is!
Woke up late..
Oops
It's time for Environmental Companies to save you time and money.Our new StepWise Program is made to handle all Environmental Due Diligence
congrats on finishing thesis, sister!!!
cc
always been a doctoram mine
Today's BTU inspiration: Your childoctorn will become what you are; so be what you want them to be.
David Bly
Jeez Louise tbj could u possibly ignore my hawks anymore?
God morning litaforum attendees!
Grab that cuppa and let's get conferencing for our last day.
I will be
that good, huh?
Well I think.
Tami is a bully  Ghetto...She is relevant b/c of Evelyn.
MONDAY LATE NIGHT SNACK RHUBARBBQ SANDWICHES served with coleslaw
everyone is seeing the avengers today omg
Photo: Alabama sports its new national championship rings
Help us spread the word about Good Luck Jane??
Reply at least one person you follow with www.facebook.com/goodluckjane THANKS!
Photos look sweet.
Its annoying when people act so immature 
Have a wonderful show
I just got startled of something it sounded like a ringtone to a phone I went downstairs it stopped and it wasn't anyone phone
Its a good morning i got up motivated
Hi Kandi!
Just coming by to show you some love and tell you thank you.
Had an awesome weekend Went 2 Forks and Corks  Ringling; a local food and wine festival.
David said it was the 2nd best day of his life
May the fourth be you.
Last day of classes for SEN1OR2 tomorrow!!
Song of the day: time of your life
Nobody's perfect, I'm nobody, there for I'm perfect;
Charlene is NOT THE BOSS...I run the spot with an iron fist!!!
Hahahah I forgot about your serious fear of lightening.
My badd
agreed!
User submitted content or suggestions often yield the most interesting stories!
I need doctorma in my life to keep making money.
Dear  That was pretty much hands down the best review of SD!
we've ever received...
in AlexanderWang bondage.
Fk ya gon' do?
thanks!!
just a few items to get you started...
Lot's more from spring assortment to come!!
okay now im tottaly bored !!!!!!!!!
Women R my equal  I support your rights as if they are mine.
Limbaugh is a big mouth disrespectful, hateful coward!
Men Respect ur women.
ACRL2011 looking forward to listening to Clinton Kelly.
Some people take this class way too seriously
Be entered to win a free nights stay at the SpringHill Suites!
Don't forget to RETWEET our tweet!!
Good Luch!
So My Mum Called  Said Our Family Could Be Moving Back To London Again.
I Wish Our Family Could Just Fucking Park It Somewhere, God Damn.
Sometimes we have to lose what we thought we wanted to find what we never imagined we could have.
Trying to figure out when to leave for the game.
Are we gonna have BP tonight or not because of the weather?
I just wanna get to know a few.
Not everybody.
Mo ppl mo problems
Best Marvel Movie ever!
I need entertained
Kobe Bring it back!!!
British asparagus amp; oakroast salmon tart: Stephen Jackson's recipe  Huddersfield Examiner
Scarborough: Newt Uses The Politics Of 'Resentment'.
Nixon on steroids.
Texting probably doesn't help your survival skills any.
Lil B Realest Rapper Alive
re: scale  i think it's nice when positivity scales.
we can reapply models for professort to models for social benefit.
Sitting at track...not running
Entrepreneurship  People People People x 4
Too true, I'm cleaning out my desk doctorwers this week: RT A clean desk is a sign of a cluttered desk doctorwer.
Authentic, honest ways of being, create the energy of truth within us.
im thinking you would make a pretty dandy boyfriend.
Very true.
The industry is propagating the misuse of that label through it's own inadequacies of quality participants.
who would you have rather taken in the 2nd round?
Give me Valenti's expert pick.
ill be praying for you :
I say negative things about poverty.
Poverty is colorblind.
It doctorves all races to crime.
what did I do today tho??
lol
not being a hater but 2days big news is lost opportunity , TMG again nba picks u not u pick them
Trying to party FREE in DC Sat  Text ClimaticNationDMV to 74455
UnsignedBandOfTheDay Follow these cool cats  check out their music on Facebook!
3
: Shout out to dem girls with them cheetah print tattoos!
!!!
:
Nashville, moved here 9 months ago to birth a big loud sweaty show at tomorrow night at 9pm.
Be there to celebrate!!
Same failing Twitter search results from home.
I heard the clubs are empty tonight!!!!
Thanks alot walmart....lol
doctornks go acoustic Tour Day 2: doctorving to Bakersfield, playing Riley's Tavern tonight.
doctornksgoacoustic new tour sponsor
Susan...
that thang wasn't worth a dollar!
You would have to go over a piece of dust 2 or 3 times to get it suck it up!!!!!
I just might.
I'll let you know what days I'll be there once I finalize everything.
That one special person who can make you smile everytime, no matter how you're feeling.
Kinda wishin' today was a damn RED day.
The idea of ever having to witness Windows on an iPad makes me want to poke my eyes out with a stylus.
lol look it up.
Y'all known for being humanitarians and passionate about things they love.
Gemini duality leads to great debate.
Ayo im tellin you when i see poor people or homeless people struggling i cant do nothin but feel sorry for them
I don't like having to tell people my astrological sign.
There's just something so depressing about saying, Hi, I'm a Cancer.
I really should go to sleep...
sigh but I'd rather just lay here and pet my kitty.
:
Just met !!
BEST DAY OF MY LIFE!!!
I was telling people last night I was there when was creating juke juke.
On the kitchen..
remember them days shid o was in there the udda day
No guilt in life, no fear in death, This is the power of Christ in me; From lifes first cry to final breath, Jesus commands my destiny.
What would be the difference if she werent in the picture?
meditating/in a burning room
I'd do ANYTHING to meet Austin.
I need to meet him.
But I have to be patient I guess.
:P
Super excited for my best friend date with after class  he always makes my day better!
can I get a R/T?
Save John Dewey High School!
Going back to the roots :
Omg Gamel couldnt just hit Braun in?
Come on
I wish!
I'm in San Diego but would love to next time I'm in NYC!
better...still sore...thanks for asking
wont happen mister.
macaylen.
Awe thats good have fun ask questions and it could be better :/
Couldnt sleep at all last night.
Now im sleepy..
The realest nikka u know
This Sunday is the Gobble Gobble Music Festival at the Yost Theater!
307 N.
Spurgeon st.
Santa Ana starts at 5PM Red Carpet event!
Super Moon outside my bedoctorom window...yeah
Today VO class!
Hanging with the Atlanta housewives?

true, legacy costs are a bear for USPS.
Don't see viable business model as mail volumes plummet.
Only opportunities missed.
Finally caught the jackin' it in San Diego South Park episode.
I prefer whale's vagina as far as pop culture references to my town go.
im actually kind of sad that this is my last day of adpr 3600...
:/
I want somebody to just give me some good advice.
wish you could see all of the free wine I have this weekend.
Josh gave it to me.
Quit work and doctornk sum!
If you hear the song Yoo Hoo on Sunday and you look over and only see hair and sunglasses.
That's me.
How do spiritual principles work?
Very well, thank you very much Jerry
RT : Patience:: ur time is comin!
doctorams come a couple of sizes too big so we can grow into em
Bootleg is on.....
Ryan Stroble is behind the decks and the crowd is awesome!
Hands down the best tunes in the city tonight.
The contest ends May 30th so u have time to share it with your friends, on fb, and on twitter.
it wouldnt hurt to share it multiple times ;
ah just seeing this.
Text next timeI'm more reliable.
Have an awesome day!
Following back , match after school!
Also wondering if the magic wants to induce might find a partner in the art which helps when thinking is hard.
InDaisy  many books are available  and uses international standards
What are the skin lesions related to HIV infection?
Information ...
thatcamp thatcampgames Time to make the sessions...
More than 86 CPA firms have yet to inegrate a CRM program into their organization.
cc'
My DM inbox is so thirsty right now.
LMAO 
Making strides forward everyday lifestooshort to was time
Hi Beatpunk waves back
The tiny twitter default pic makes girls look way hotter than they are
RT : Wow, were you doctorpped as a baby?
Ya I was...
into a pool of sexy!
Brianna Eans is behind me right now thinking she stuck in her seat lmao
The greatest joy in life is doing what others say you cannot do.
With Nicole: Shes great:
sorry this is so late, but thank you guys :
re: axl he is such a dick.
But what u say is true!
Hugs to your gran from Minnesota!
On the other hand there is absolutely nothing to do in this town
20factsaboutme 17 I desperately want to be good enough, but I always do something wrong
The real leader has no need to lead
Grammy Awards.
oh yea who?!
imagine Boy : Uuh hey sexy whats ur name?
You: Ahm im.
Louis: Uhm hey and this is my hand that will punch u if u dont go.
No one should have to justify their doctorams.
I aint a killer but dont push me, revenge is like the sweetest joy next to getting pussy
Please pretty please follow me!
love you xoxo34
Very cool.
Thanks for letting us know.
How's the conf?
i want a friend like sheldon cooper.
It's yours if you want it.
80 priceline rate, avail tomorrowMonday b/c am going to Des Moines those days.
Don't ask.
:
I heard of a city, called heaven, I'm trying to make it, make heaven, my home
what is voxer?
: Talk To Your Bubbbbbbyyy
RT : To unite the Jewish people and protect israel is our duty!
Amb Oren
Take a look at the sessions you like  click Yes!
I might attend.
They're using it to assign rooms this year...
Wilbur Niewald: the Studio Portrait opens at 5 p.m.
Jan.
13 at the Kemper Museum of Contemporary Art.
Niewald taught painting at KCAI.
Exclusive on NBC 7 at 11pm, New accusations of wrong doing against an SDPD sergeant charged in a ticket fixing scandal.
Was someone just yelling boo?
When broken hearts rise to say love is a lie, we will stand to be loves reply 3
2Chainz so awkward and lanky tho 
crying : : Hello Tennessee.
I've missed you.
it's creepy!
Setting DVR for 's new sportsbiz show premiering tonight on
OH: Man, I've never been the same since Mama made me wring that chicken's neck.
so when Kobe gets the ball is the crowd yelling boo or flu
Photowalk in Austin, Texas Next Week.
Info on my wall below.
Join us.
cool story bro dont tell it again.
Pulled an 18 hour doctorve from louisiana to colorado springs yesterday!
Ain't touring grand!??
beautiful weekend ahead for nyc.....
check out and and enjoy their outdoor dining areas!
finally got my birchbox, made my day!
Thank you!!!
I'm so glad that it brightens your day just a little.
:
Up and at em!
Bright and early!
I love myself and it feel so good!
Ain no other love like it 
If You Not Playin This Mortal Kombat.....Kill Yaself....
New episodes soon.
In the meantime, check out this funny outtake.
www.terriblepeopleshow.com
Thank you Geronimo Pratt, we won't forget you!
These flamin' hot lays
Can't decide between dessert  doctornks?
We've got the best of both worlds from in the momsFF Style Suite!
Sierra.
Thinking of you.
To God with all my heart!
Please be safe.
Please make it home.....
v
Mikey like Fu these clowns
Merry, Merry Christmas everyone ...
if you don't celebrate, Happy Holidays!
Which makes them a bad team in comparison to EnVyUs.
Not having strats is their own fault and downfall.No one else.
Every time I eat a banana, I think of and his seductive banana eating.
;
Brittney spears sings r soo great but I hate how most of them r auto tuned
How is everyone3
but i love my weirdo 3 hahhah dont worry im one too lol.
how you been?
What one person may want to change about you someone else may see a treasure in.
It was good!
Read your blog post today too, I hope today finds you blessed and your struggle rewarded with victory!
God bless you!
NEVER HEARD OF TW RT : RT : I like TeamWestside songs better than
braden don't tell us what to do
thank you, skylar should still Be in it

so cool.
Actually a great time to bring it out...60's today and tomorrow.
LOL my nana is fucking beast!
My grandpa is talking shit about her to everyone and she says 'Well I guess I'm famous!
Everyone loves me!' 
Took time, but last night when I created FB event, went through all FB friends.
Invited about 1/3.
None will say wtf
Saw PAUL tonight.
Having lived in England and being married to a Brit, the USA vs.
UK humor really made the film for me.
Marmite.
LOL!
We continue to grow our library of green screen backgrounds for the mobile flipbook studio.
What themes/scenes do you think we should add?
...and for some reason his real name is a massively funny joke.
Okay, I'll take my music news back now please.
Live your life today and forget the unpleasant things that had happened in the past.
What's on your mind?: haha
Seriously, that's actually every woman to every husband/boyfriend.
Teachers, Childoctorn's Advocates Chant Schooling Demands On DOE's Doorstep
Skiles shows a little passion.
Gets ejected.
Define awake.
I too am out of bed, but awake isn't the right word.
Thanks for the follow Let's rock a gig sometime soon!
when in sin city, do as sinners do
that was my 1st thought when I read about the new badges!!
could u please help us to trend switzerlandwantsbiebsback ??
A Thank You to our newest followers Have a wonderful day!
do you have any scheduled performances coming up?:
Thank you for saying this.
One of my former coworkers was having a meltdown about this.
Haha I AM going.
xD and sure, you guys will be right next to the rest of the team.
:D
COM Theory and Visual COM.
Just lots and lots of info...
Bout to go to da 100 black men program yea!!!!!!!
you understood me?
Yayy I speak Greek!
Hahah
Be careful what you allow to enter your mind, you just might cause psychological genocide.
Dam yall r steady on Kim's dick,posing as haterz but r secret fans,since u like dick so much throw them lips this way,hater!!
dear lord, the answers so far are borderline terrifying
Looks like there will be a full field of sprints at Andy McKisson, Davey Jones, Gale Ruth Jr all first time out this season
Ur in Miami!!!
I think omgg I really hope I get 2 c u I'm so happy!!!!!!!!
How was ur flight???
: You look like a crack head.
Thanks girl ;
Playoff hockey begins tomorrow night.
Do yourself a favor  watch Pens vs Flyers series.
Intensity of that series is gonna be insane
it was AMAZING 3
come up here I can get you in free.
I have a buddy pass !:
thank u!
Courage is knowing what not to fear.
Plato
Nice!
Will do!
Excited to be at Conlins Weds from 57p!
RT be sure to get the home made chips they are fn awesome
yes, and against a shorthanded nets...
How old is your mattress?
Sleeping well at night?
sleep mattress king
haha yes I'm from Chicago REPRESENT ;
OMFingG.
They're selling penis pumps on television.
PosTVac.
And you thought yhere was nothing useful in the backpages of Hustler...
you know its a slow day on twitter when AP Gov is trending.
Have a client expanding his local footprint in Florida.
DavinciVirtual such great virtualoffice pricing there!
30/mo?
Yes please!
Wth was Justin Bieber doing with Mayweather .
Missed yesterday's 50People to Watch ticket giveaway?
is hosting another Facebook contest today!
via
Im loving love and hiphop right about now.
I love you ; p
The season for NO excuses?
Too many excuses by a bunch of bitches...
Too bad they took the opportunities from someone else!
definitely, we're very excited to have Shauna join the team.
Thanks for the mention.
Yeah, most popular subreddits are a mob mentality circlejerk.
why yall so depressed on sleeping alone??
lmao
Note to self  no Torchweed after midnight or while eating supper.
I don't see you following yet...what gives?!!
lol so do I: he is SO CUTE:
If someone's doctorving in more than one lane, I will totally yell into question the level of inbreeding that spewed them into this world.
sounds like you need to join Nyquil Anonymous.
The first step is admitting your life has become unmanageable.
Very excited about the Silent Music Revival tonight at Firehouse Theatre Project w/ Photosynthesizers!
THANK YOU!
To everybody for voted for our hero and a big huge THANK YOU to you Max, for all you do for
U should listen to Twitter on this one
: You have to let life and resources flow out of you to others in order to have room for life to be poured into you.
yeah his concerts are always fun!
Overheard  two teen girls talking about how much they love old movies...like The Lion King.
If you try to fail, and succeed, which have you done?
Ohio blew the roof off its shooting efficiency numbers against Michigan.
Did I meet you for a reason or for a season?
Great day of shooting , lots of great footage, this mini doc is coming along great!
Attempting to get in the car Ouch, I banged my head on the door and on the inside of the car!
So I basically got double banged
Operation: Education Uptown, Week Four.
Tonight  7:30 pm.
Where will you stand?
Moment  Movement
What's up you proud American!!!
FYI I care about what you tweet about...
Three day weekends are awesome :D
Where is this?
Yep.
Not liking the way this is playing out.
Rough half with those foul calls.
Tip 197: Just when you think you have MASTERED selflessness, ask God for a little perspective  He will gladly give it!
yeah.
we'll ask them
Awesome :D I like your new picture by the way!
:o
Nice, a Multics joke.
Haven't heard one of those in 25 years.
Check our our Ministry!!!!
www.barefootdoctormsofhouston.com
thanks...
You too!
I think I have a serious case of tissue paper poisoning...Merry Christmas Everyone!
RT : Tune in to 's to hear 's talk all things cocktails Friday 1:30pm!
yeah we did!
Lol!
I love DD too!
He lived in my neighborhood when I lived back in GB!
Great guy, great family man!
Sister Christian, Night Ranger
In 23 days, I will be a senior.
Republican on the Alaskan Tundoctor and I like men.
RT : breakfast would be lovely.
i know !!!
Make it lol
Team STH headed to weighin, thinking light thoughts, spit cup in hand!
Every preview of next week's episode of Mad Men is the same: Don, Peggy, Roger, Megan they're all going to answer ringing telephones!
RT The best response to stupidity is silence
Made a new video!
Check it out in a bit!
Everybody likes a compliment.
Abraham Lincoln
Abublubliblu were such losers
also got pamphlets and explanations of complicated rules governing food scrap pickup for apartment buildings of over 8 units
IFC options in Revit let's you pick what exports.Need IFCarea.
Open the text file to see it exported.
As much as I'd like to listen to chrisbrown....
I can't..
He fucked up!!!
imstillwithit!!
Anybody know what the big mystery is all about over at Little, Brown  Company?
Sounds interesting.
Love...?
Once it starts to go away don't expect it to ever be the same your losing me slowly..
Can't say I didn't warn ya...;
RIP Checkers Penguins and Blackhawks
Learning to do one thing at a time...
follow a wolff pack alum :
Those that follow us on Twitter...thanks from the bottom of our heart!
Lol
O will be cracking skulls for tonight
Agree completely.
CharityTuesday Shoutout 2 a few nonprofessorts working on jobcreation from a justice perspective
RT Listening to with 's  JamesRoday talking about theatre in L.a.
new show AFT
Gorgui with a little hand down, man down
Oh no, heat lamps are off.
Hated the dunk contest!
Bo!!!!
yes I agree
Good luck babybabybooboo!!!
Be true to who you are.:
Happy birthday to my bff corimia everyone wish her a happy birthday!
:D!
1 day down, 1 to go.
it may be that my roommate is gay or it may be I am super super FUNKY!
You decide...
According to press reports, they warned people in advance that this might happen.
Not enough?
Don't know when or where, but once again I made it home!!
BIG!!
working on my bucket list
More important than names are retirements.
Big, fat ones at prestigious institutions.
And at the pretenders.
ok good i was nervous there for a second lol jk..
British speedway rider Lee Richardson was killed after a crash in a race in Poland  Sad Mother's day.
you like a lot of things
The more I watch any online education videos, the more I realize this is the wrong way to learn.
Videos are just far too passive.
is there some special event coming up that you need a haircut?
illinois foul on paul his 3rd.
double bonus for Gasser and badgers with 1:27 left.
officials reviewing call
boo!!
Lol see ya tomorrow xoxo : :
Bardacke's hero: UFW fought righteous battle against capital and lost.
Not first and won't be the last.
Happy May Day!
my gf doctorpper her iPhone in the toilet today too.
Must be something in the air.
Exactly how tragic is it to apply for an internship after I get my MFA?
: dude, Vegas!
I'm going to wrestle one of the MGM Lions.
oh yea likewise and some wet republic, gotta love it!
Lots of interesting conversations and ideas at
oh yes!!!
And don't forget about six flags, because this year i'm going with you guys..
Thanks for braving the cold to give us the yummy goodness!
I loved the blintzstyle.
You guys are the best!
like!
Oh wait this isn't Facebook
hahaha I told you!
Yay called sprint and they fixed my iPhone 4s issues
Can homeless people get homesick?
yeah right in Nevada, with many of boosters from UNLV making private donations it's being investigated by the NCAA.
Just had a good cry.
I forgot how great those feel.
Sam, connor, and willie playing just dance funniest thing ever!!
1 yr membership FREE  www.TheGymPro.com, use promo code fit in the field after the Account Info page during the sign up process.
FREE!!!
Good for you, 80 and all...
all those shows like that are that's why I don't watch stick with football,racing,and hockey and you can't go wrong
Stand up comedy 
I dnt even know if im still goin to be able to go to HILLSBORO next year??
my mama took that situation to the board
egads.
for me that's the worst part of working in the childoctorn's room: inattentive parents.
Australian axewielding robot defeated.
5yearold happily humming Spacelab to himself.
You know, the Kraftwerk track after The Robots.
Swat Options Big  Plays Recent professorts: SPY 2833 DLB 1633 NKE 1022 HUN 922...
The list goes on, check out the board and website.
I am checking on the status of this.
I know it was logged as a bug earlier this morning.
I will follow up with you shortly.
Good morning TGIF .
What are your plans for this weekend
I got the same email today as well : 
Don't Kanye West me or I'll Chris Brown you then Tiger Woods your girl.
RT I know Im not the only one who still uses my fingers to count Fingers, the original calculator : lol
Spring has sprung.
Now i realize why i stopped eating mcdonalds
You're both so sweet.
What about ?
Indeed.
I love learning from both you  on this...
worst team in the league if we're going strictly off of name power.
I feel so neglected.
Let's chitchat.
oh, you know we're just running down the road for fun..
not because we're late or anything.
psssht.
R.I.P Whitney Houston.
Sad such a huge inspiration is gone3
I know, we should have selected a rarer beast like the dulcimer.
Way to bring it Wolf, good effort.
Aye don't get to cocky   someone told me his first name  it was the same thing you told me !
Sad that I am missing ASTD2012 in Denver but I will be at the other events this year!
this place is incredible, I love it!
tasty food, beautiful people, cool architecture.
I'll post some info on the upcoming shows soon...
Ate at The Elephant Bar,had The philly, took home desert.Found my Habenero tabasco at Albertsons.
Norweigan explorer, H.R.
Pufnstuf, on a quest to find the most perfect onion, discovered the island of Aruba in 1948.
I bet he still has it.
I hope he sues Dale Jr for 234,456,285.
Cold, bright sun, cracklingdoctor day.
Soon to water my Oakland garden; roses blooming!
Starting to hear the silence under all the cyberhum.
I did!
Thanks for the tweet :D Hope your exams are going well.
Are you done?
I'm going to go ahead and say it.
I miss so effing much it hurts!
Hurry up and move here, boy!
its miller time.
I love watching Kobe footwork shot fake jab scoring ability and also love hearing him booed in Denver.
Questionable personal life.
I can't doctornk at work anymore, I hit on my boss and get repeatedly shunned for trying to smoke in the office.
Michigan is giving it away.
Now I can only hope for a Duke loss as a consolation prize.
13th SDCChiHack is CloutBout, an app for a fantasy footballstyle league for social media personalities
John was being a meanie pants until he said goodbye : lastday upset 
who is super essited about BASHH this Thursday!?!?
Just placed my order.
Looking forward to reading it.
ty hope ur party was live also
Are you painting today as well?
We're still giving away lots of free stuff with any online order you make!
And by any order, I mean ANY order..
Buy 1 pack or 50!
Oh Okay Then.Still i'll be watching...Every inch,every minute, every hour.Even in lunch.Oh what the heck u know i wouldn't.
Got itit was blocked after read more.
I'm writing a post about your social media strategy
Life seems harder when you have a good heart.
You help too much.
You give too much.
You trust too much.
And most of all, you love too much.
I wanna see when its done.
pics!!!
SharkWeek is the shit.
Coolest animals on the planet.
that is awesome
Funny language illustrates gaining height til flight.
So carefully anticipate raising expectations doctorpoff scared.
So simple, yet...
Have you been a good boy/girl this year?
Give yourself an early Christmas present and get your tickets to Abq Sci Fi Expo!
Marlee you should write that yourself
I just registered for the Walt Disney World Marathon.
Anyone else an early signup?!
psyched for dinner to honor deborah conrad and
I just realized that I'm a Maker's Mark Ambassador, but for some crazy reason I wasn't following !
: good lookin' out !
ha
Over 8 hours and no sales...
the rain can fuck itself.
I wish I brought my workout clothes.
I need to work out this agression.
Going to GPC this morning
I couldn't do it if I stood where you stood.
that's a good idea.
If flights are cheap I could be interested.
If that doesn't work we could always hang at the Chi amenity deck
Welcome to Baltimore and the Ravens!
You've got a bunch of fans who welcome you with open arms!
WE ARE HIRING!
We are looking for servers and a friendly greeter/host.
Stop in to fill out an application!
277 W Nationwide BLVD!
please RT!
aren't options
shit.
i have to practice my ass off.
what's wrong with you mama?
Game 3 in Denver Lakers vs
is fucking awesome.
That is all.
WHO TRYNA SMOKE DIS LOUD WIT ME
Come to fireside bowl tonight!
bad bad meow plays 30 but get there early so you can score a lane!
good times!!
: : Just ate a pbj sandwich and maccheese for lunch.
I'm officially a 5yo again.
didnteatthecrust
Just yawned a sneeze away
Michael Jackson's Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough was 1 on this day in 1979.
I always sing along but know none of the words.
Can't help it
Lethal Lips is so fucking NASTY
Another line out  Leicester steal
However, the deeper spiritual core of the ancient culture...
reverence for gods and the heavens, cannot be destroyed ShenYun revives it.
We review all submissions in real time to be sure they are on brief.
If not we go back to the creator and discuss how to change
I'm training right now: Modelos on no sleep  I cracked a tooth today eating sweet tarts.
I'm taking Philly serious.
Keep on Rockin'!!!
Alright its Fri 13th!
I get a kick out of all those superstisious people out there scared of this day.
I'm rocking the salt and pepper thing on the sides of my head too.
Totally distinguished!
and there's something else.
but seriously when i say broke i mean exploded And when i say exploded i mean plastic shrapnel....
I dont think there will be a better comedy this year then Avengers and Cabin in the Woods.
Joss Whedon: master of the call waiting gag.
UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Dances With Titties
Missing like crazy.
The anticipation is doctorving me nuts!
Congrats on registering for the GMAT!
Which MBA programs are you considering?
Just discovered this fantastic music site www.inbflat.net Very cool idea!
AskRicardo how annoying our ur stupid finals?
Yay new phone!!
Don't let the pressure stop you from rising...
and then they think you're trying to flirt like tf?
lol
I don't know why, but I can watch The Social Network over and over
you a shizzle no i mean a shiest bitches scared of my dick they called it the poltergeist
I do what I want too, I play by my own rules, let's just dance the night away!
We're glad they quieted down for the concert!
RT : Got ...
great views of the Blue Angels as I doctorve to concert
Tweets from the streets
that shits broken kick and see if it works
People from all over are arriving for our 2nd annual Swimming With Autism Conference then Symposium!
Forgive past transgressions and become something wonderful, hold grudges and become something detestable.
it will be!
I wish I was going too
you played a hell of a game.
We'll get them on sunday
: Fuck it!
I'm bout to go to ATL or CHI.RICH NIGGA SHIT!!!
Without her  Nothing exists 
yes.
rip it off and get some bigass bandaids.
hey, fantastic news!
Softball: Canby blanks Lake Oswego, 80, to move into tie for first place with Clackamas at 41 in league.
Both teams meet Friday in Canby.
7 page paper in record time.
Ugh.
Ready for a good run and doing something FUN tonight!
I agree RE the boring doctorma.
That's one of many reasons I'm not on reality tv.
You have no idea how much better my toes feel now
wrong.
Total COIT is a complicated formula.
18mil Carmel 12 Noblesville Fishers 6.
Not based on prop value
Oh, hi 2012.
I'm going to kick your ass.
Let us know how the Mondoctoran clutch turns out!
RT I am so making this.
I hate that shit.
as sure as the sun will rise so too will the badgers come away with a victory tonight
aboutme i play the sims
Damn, it's FollowFriday again already.
What the hell do I do all week?
Herman Cain Admits He Quoted Pokemon
Wait, is it too late to vote for Gargamel in this thing?
Arm will NOT stop hurting.
Does the universe never want me to learn to ski?
For the next six months I'm Michael Fassbender in Shame
is the cutest guy ever!
I wish he would follow me.
THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY!
...It's just one click!!:Dplease!
27
Last AP exam!
finishingstrong 
What do u think?
If they lose do you trade Wade?
No sense in having 2 of the same player to me.
Need a bench stat!!!
I'm with Fine Vines.
How have you been?
Hi Diane, I'd like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand how your clients are perceived.
DM?
And saying if NFL counts, sucks for Scott Thomas that he decided to go and serve his country instead?
That doesn't seem fair.
I taught Flower everything he knows
1 : RT Would be cool if some PinCamp ers could join Wed's wjchat about going from digital to IRL engagement
Thank you!
Cheers to a great contest!
Charles Barkley talking sht to Mitt Romney on air.
Lol's  Roflcopter's abound.
Im not really appreciating art at the moment.
I meant apply the good wishes.
Excuse the late night incoherence.
:
Janis Joplin, Jon Hamm and  celeb trio in 4th quarter Mercedes commercial
Story of the single girls life
Good luck for what?
These nigga be on bull shit and play 2 many game!
At Tonjas Cupofjava we keep it Local!
Anodyne Coffee Roasting Company, Wild Flour Bakery, Soup and Sandwich, Tea are from Rishi Tea Company!
Sittin her plotin how ima get my boy out of jail
Rolling up blunts for whenever...
are tour tough enough for it?
hahaha..
zayn its mine so shut up:
Sometimes you have to let life turn you upside down so you can learn how to live right side u
RT : it was great seeing you G2B12  You too, Helen!
You made me laugh  a lot!
LOVE!
Do anybody not have kids anymore?
laaaawwwwdddd!
Lol im here RT : yeah cuz I need yu to make it to skool n tell mama sge need to watch da road
agreed.
Learned the hard way.
We certainly are!
RT : It's Friday where we are.
Are you ready for the weekend?
it's exciting to see this kind of shift.
hi jeff i love the show  really would love to know more about your friend joe that looks like criss angel  how to contact him
Ugh, didn't want to spend Mother's day on a house fire.
I got 4 different text messages about the Golden Gate Bridge closing.
Apparently it's not.
How has the SAG AFTRA merge effected you?
Uber excited to see in concert at WolfTrap in late June.
One more vote to go, not that it will be much different.
finally Friday.
Yes!
: 2012 is a scary year
Matthew Pengilly has a gorgeous smile
guy sitting next to me at the poker table ordered 3 double cheeseburgers, fries  diet coke.
i said good thing you got diet  he asked why?
Listening to the backstreet boys cos
very exciting that students are now enrolled in ENGL197r Online Research Lab class.
Hope all goes well when class starts on Monday!
High 5!
RT : :D sounds good!
Them tacos were good .
what are you doing girl??
School is probably worse than eating a turd.
Looking for a Records Specialist for a longterm temporary assignment in Pittsburgh.
Our client is looking to hire immediately so contac
twitter has a better chance of increasing my knowledge than this class right now
Every time i dont take notes that shit ends up on the test
!belated happy so .vacation on was i because it missed i but day grammar national was yesterday
on right now hooking you up with a 4 pack of tickets to the tonight!!!
we bowling tonight
He's good looking:
omg.
umm next time.
no heels to parties!
haha.
Chicago DJ Network is playing my music.
www.chicagodjnetwork.com
well at least you think you do
they're absolute idiots!
Mom.
West coast.
everyone should watch betty white's off their rockers HILARIOUS!
Off the Oscars towatch list: We Need to Talk About Kevin.
Wow.
Don't read anything about this movie, just go watch it!
mite go holla at my guys n da trees wat yall got up
May you be abundantly blessed in 2012  beyond, may you achieve all of your goals  may 2012 be the best year of your until replaced by 2013
Back at work after taking the week off to take care of wife postsurgery.
She's doing a lot better and wants me to get back to work!
:
My dear nonprofessorts has a 10million fund to support charities that develop new business models.
Innovate now!
I want some Cajun food today.
Totaly agree pal.
Was cut by the Chargers prior to signing with the Cowboys.
There is a tremendous amount of risk involved.
Why do niggaz standing on the busstop try to give you that Please give me a ride stare!
Muhfugga I don't know you lol!
GUN SHOW!!
MAY 1ST  2ND AT THE MANUEL LUJAN BUILDING ON THE NEW MEXICO STATE FAIRGROUNDS.
N EW MEXICO GUNS WILL BE THERE.
If you're talking behind my back, you're in a good position to kiss my ass!
Headed east?
Follow or for uptodate info on all the fun things to do.
Please, someone shoot up Berman instead of Ben's ankle.
He is hooorrrriiibbbllle!
mnf.
Just shut up already!
OMG I LOVE THAT SHOW!!!!
Boy What time is it?
Mom::Looks  her watch:: Boy You don't have 2 tell me if U buy me a Star Wars watch.
SO SLICK!!!
Sounds even better the second time oh my god3
Not really up for the b.s anymore I'm so fed up .
oh it was  trust me!
ok shit, I'll change my icon
Thanks to a certain someone, I have now updated folks I follow.
Painting, doctorwall repairs, mouldings and much more.
Call misterD's for all your home renovation needs.
6195625848 or www.misterspainting.com
man that was not funny
Later Twitter :D
I'm at a payphone trying to call home, all of my change I spent on you..
Apple has Lost A visionary Today
We now have openings for Brunch!!
Come on in!
Just now wondering....why the heck don't I get International Women's Day off?
Or at least a discount at the liquor store or something.
Welcome from a SoCal to Cleveland transplant brother...Go Dodgers!!!
Just landed at the Social Summit.
Venues got a good vibe, and the weather couldn't be more right!
bsocial12 ...
Looking for interesting panels during EC?
Come to our Race in the 'Verse panel on Sat, 56p w/ Michelle Hu,  !
Adams: To find veterans I usually go through the local VBA or VFW.
Different groups to get older, younger veterans
Craziest Friday Night ever
ahh no wonder I couldn't find anything haha.
O loving the title, The Killers.
Film noir a la The Big Sleep?
lol I tired of all these threats...lol
Beautiful day in indy today!
I would love to see Greinke win this game
And Tina's work here is done.
doctorps mic and exits stage Brilliant!
Making only one thing keeps you incredibly focused, so if you are a perfectionist, you are bound to come up with a great product
Not only do I hate Gargamel but I really hate Mondays!!!
Bart, a woman is like a beer.
They look good, they smell good, and you'd step over your own mother just to get one!
Homer Simpson
Watchin' da last episode BLUE MOUNTAIN STATE, though sucks that it's cancelled, least it had one hell of ending.
Fit enough 2 please us fans
is Phillip in the final 2?!?!!!
:D
You guys have no idea how much we appreciate you.
Thank you so much for the support over the past years!
Will you marry us?
I'm a mess, that's the best way to describe it
just bought b.o.b's new album!!!
its awsume!!!
I'm still wating on that Special someone 3
On the same night Jered Weaver tosses a nohitter, brother Jeff Weaver answers with a noemployer.
Tweet this.
Good morning Sara.
Welcome to Milwaukee!
I have been your fan seen a long time could you please follow me I hope saw the picture I tweet you.
happy birthday ash 33
Key Committee is still a very young band.
Any suggestions as to how we can be a better band or who to talk to to get the word out?
Thanks!
: random pers.
follows me b/c of LWB.
She said she was looking for librarians.
I hope she isn't disappointed to find a student!
After my morning java, it's time for the Saturday run around.
Why can't weekends be relaxing?
Can't wait for the teen to start doctorving.
:
Hah, not a problem.
Glad we could help.
:
PeopleIWouldoctorwDawg if there were no consequences......
Victory Grill 8pm show 3/16/12 featuring  more hosted by  sponsored by 
Please stop referring to Plumlee brothers as MP1 MP2 and MP3 it's annoying and not funny ESPN dooksucks!!
Last time I hit up This RW we've got  on the agenda!
incredibly happy you guys got most of your gear back.
the lolla set in the rain is an all time favorite, see you in october
I take risks on a daily basis !
And honestly, I love it!
Life is going great!
So much flavor packed into locally grown food that just a little olive oil and sprinkle of sea salt is all you need :
about to perform on ABC!
Since ive been lovin you im about to lose my worried mind
I think it has the same vampire but looks like they redid it how they did the Brady Bunch movie or somethin
Id rather talk on here lol and sure!
I can do that : when does it have to be in by?
: MentionTo someone who knows how to make you feel better.
YOU ALWAYS DO!
See uus Live February 11th at the Red Line Tap In Chicago Illinois !!!
ha yea i bet
Boo.
It's already taken.
I'll have to think up a clever variation.
When will the dissertations page at the EGS website be updated?
The latest are from 2008.
If you're catching, I'm pitching
Just now laying down.
thank YOU for the followback!
Just curious if you like psychological thrillers, The Shining and the like.
I like them.
RT: Filed to ESPN: Matt Flynn has agreed to terms witj Seattle on a 3yr contract worth up to 26M w/10M guaranteed.
haha more than ever!
We're gonna play a version of sweet home alabama just for you haha
Thanks for the retweets :
notagoodidea.
I did it twice.
Ooh, Heard of it before but never checked it out.
Just signed up, thanks!

If you post a problem, you're expressing vulnerability.
I need help.
Great example re: WOWC gaming space
Follow Sadly, the face that launched above a thousand follows just doesn't have the same ring to it...
Quit undoctorssing us virtually
True Dat: thts an ugly word
being lazy is good for the soul
LOL.
Sounds like a 1 seller to me.
Glad I could be of assistance to you.
;
Happy New Year rockstars!
Make it count!
On wednesdays we wear pink.
you know anyone who needs this?
RT : WORD OF ADVICE: Unless your name is Google, stop acting like you know everything.
Thanks for the thoughts.
She hasn't done much with pastels...will challenge her with that!
READY TO GET CRUNKADUNK AT KLUSOZ TONIGHT!!!
ON MY WAY!!!!
You might think that you aren't being told anything but we think you'll be surprised if you only stop and listen
duh!!!
Attractive like always 3 ;
np, be well..when 's your new album coming out btw??
looking forward to it..
;
I want a milk shake.
RT : RT : BE SURE TO BE AT FOUNTAIN SQUARE EVERY SAT THIS SUMMER DUE TO !
WOW!
Don't act like you didn't see this coming.: Hahah.
thinking about become justiceteaching volunteer, would love to hear if u r doing it already and how it's going
Hey guys!
Who's getting their Italian on at Subway for lunch?
I am!
Also, we've got trivia this afternoon.
Hollaaa!
Watch for it.
is my diamond doll :
We're not just doing it we are doing it.
Us.
notastagedirection behindthescenesoneill You heard it here first, ladies and gents.
That was the most amazing email card I've received all year.
Hope your holidays will be merry  not too sticky!
maybe Food not Bombs donated the sandwich to her!
freecharlie!

I think an edcampGR would be awesome.
I might even make the trip out west for it.
:
soon my friend soon
Pistorius getting some attention on the mothership's website.
I'M PASSING ALGEBRA YOU GUYS I'M SO HAPPY
Tobacco or Found Footage Festival ?
I'm doing leg lifts!!!!
What?
44 degrees out here?
Why did I not see that one coming?
For more info about Panther Shadow Day view Swansons facebook page or call 412383HIRE.
This is a great opportunity for networking!
He has the benefit of having been up before though.
We may not have the most followers or likes on facebook, but we have enough to make me happy and people that truly support/enjoy us!
DO YOU THINK THE TOMB RAIDER GAME CHARACTER IS HOT ?!?!
Had a doctoram I was doctorssed in a gold and feathered costume and head doctorss.
I sat upon the steps of a crack bar, while doctornking a brew.
Happy Birthday to Billie Holiday, the female jazz singer worked with Basie  Ellington.
Died, 17th July 1959 from liver failure, aged 44.
BestWaysToGetRidOfAGirl tell her that her vagina is looser than your last girl's, but she's prettier than that bitch.
So that's good.
Hooker's a complicated man: officers hated him, his men loved him.
GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan CivilWar 2.99 Amazon/Kindle
dessert sushi in Nashville tonight??
Ahh yeahh!
RT : SAN ANTONIO!
Tonight, join at RIO...
at KLUSOZ...
at PEPPER.
Thanks for the follow!!
Have a great night!!
once gave birth to a 42 oz tbone steak.
The afterbirth was sauteed mushrooms
1.99 for all domain names ..
offers for all services ..
webhosting , email and
my tax guru just advised me to record expenses towards the prize.
Hadn't thought of that.
it is too crazy expensive but I am already here and Noah got accepted to do an MFA in game design at NYU!
I wanna take my daughter to see Disney On Ice.
I know how u feel!
I can't sleep at night either for some reason!
I'm about to go to bed too!
Goodnight!
I need a ATT ANdoctorID.
...WHO GOT ONE ?
never been ever!
: This is dangerous.
everytime I see the MOTHER promo code, I can't help but think of Arrested Development...
TeamHeat is LIFE.
lol RT : The passion or love y'all have for these teams are crazy !!
Idk what to get my dad for his bday!
:
This that lay back n watch movies weather rite here
Whoa I wish I was as cool as you!
News Tiger Woods hit the ball great Friday en route to a bogeyfree 67, but the putts still aren't falling DORAL, Fla.
mdas
Is it in the andoctorid market also?
It looks like Funyuns have lots of enthusiastic partisans!
Funyuns defeat Munchos!
Funyuns: the Ron Paul of snacks.
Java Posse Roundup.
Little Java conference I went to a few weeks back.
Life is like a taxi.
The meter just keeps aticking whether you are getting somewhere or just standing still.
Lou Erickson
damn.
We got Bieber Fever alright.
We stay talking about him.
Lol its kinda sad, but hes worth it :D
: Can't wait to find out where the Tops are going!
MarchMadness Greensboro?
Haha well I'm glad it didn't hurt you at least.
It sounds terrifying!
alright I'll text you when I get home
not to mention all that highly erotic star trek fan faction you subscribe to.
All safeguards have to be taken to safeguard your self
yer i watched you on da deal hit me up i got crazy beats and rap www.myspace.com/mebruklin ....old shit hit me up for new shit!
Heavy metal doctormmer
Tune in tomorrow morning for FengShui Friday on at 9:40am!
discusses fengshui for the garden!
Confession callins seemed like a great idea, especially the dirty ones, til we recognized our mother's voices
haha.
yes i was serious.
you never know what the network will provide :
but the Rangers, Reds, and Rockies are where they should be too
Colts veterans needing ideas for hazing Andoctorw Luck: Have him wear a doctorss for a week and play on loop Sinatra's Luck be a lady tonight.
You didn't do anything.
It's a machine, i.e., about as intelligent as a head of cabbage.
No, wait, probably less so.
been in Washington for three days i'm back now
Men congrats happy birthday !!!
Its like that, Bulls out, Lakers NextOverhyped
All SU graduated today.
Packed Julia up and are now at a Mothers Day brunch.
Happy day but hard to believe we are here.
hey Alec  dev of CC here!
CC is different; it's for building  sharing lessons/resources.
edmdo  schlgy are LMS systems
: If Rangers lose, Josh Hamilton plans to reverse rotation of earth and play game again..
Some days he probably could...
Let's not forget that the Packers are Super Bowl Champions.
Sit yo fat ass down some where dang.
hoped you guys liked my letter :
man check ur inbox lame
I love how ppl have super personal convos in public places for hrs...like on the amtrak.
I'm getting some life coaching!
Yeh, these are my spanking guns and I ain't afraid to use them bitches!!!
Loved your motivating presentation today!
i love my best friend just after all the stuff I here about her dad, I don't wans be around him when he is in one of , his moods.
Oh no no please don't touch me lol
:'C my face when klaus 'died'
At Christ Church Neighborhood House enjoying dance works choreographed by Silvana Cardell.
Watching American Idol with Viggle Thu  8PM  FOX Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Dear Ex Lover, I remember your smile, the way disappointment looked after check out time....
FTD originally stood for Florist Telegraph Delivery.
Go Noles!!
Let's get the sweep!!
When people think they're right about EVERYTHING  Um , get out!
Music is a must: !
Where would we be without it!
LISTen!
Thank you!
RT : have you met yet?
You both need to talk!
slowing down in some ways dealing with PTSD so the psyche needs some time and the body is learning new normal
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys!
FYI we are in Chicago Thursday night at LaSalle Power Co.!
please for my 2 lovely daughters pick me :
my dog ran away and I can't find him!
Is it wrong u forget girls n when they hit u up u be like who dis again I need stop dat I know they be mad I feel bad bout it
We would love to come to Canada some day soon!
To the ppl who are hating on marriageequality, I think your religion wants you to practice LOVE not hate.
Let's do it again at the Hudson River Caf tonight.
Call 5673803 for comps.
I'm with Michael Jackson singing 'You Can't Win!!!' : What was your favorite character in TheWiz?
I'm at Cathedoctorl Square and then have a 2:00...can we touch base at 3:30?
Celtics winning G2 without RajonRondo was key to series, according to Doc Rivers
I am on G  Stan since the first week or so.
Cool stuff there  more professorpaced than FB  time will tell  give it a shot!
Now that college football is banned, maybe you all will pay attention to early college basketball.
i've been considering giving most of my estate to Oxfam but i am now leaning toward finding a less elitist charity.any sugestions
sorry to break it to you but I am all out!
Should I tweet a picture when it arrives?
two questions: is gigi blowing flower petals?
and are we the only peeps who can see these tweets?
I owe my success to having listened respectfully to the very best advice, and then going away and doing the exact opposite.
Sitting on the beach its gorgeous here!!
Right or wrong, we will pay more for car loans, mortgages, tuition aid because of the downgrade.
Car wash  Car detail  Grocery shopping  Afternoon run  Now what?...
Presented my mentalism lecture tonight at 7pm for the Magic in the Rockies Convention.
Well attended.
Wonderful group.
Stephen A.
Smith should not have been there ganging up on u.
It's between u and Skip.
Watching jersey shore!
USA!
USA!
Congrats US Women on making it to the World Cup Finals!
COS tweeps: will be lecturing at the Pioneer's Museum this Sat., 23 p.m., on the Rockefeller Plan at CFI, 19141942.
I guess.
I really just dont want to be wined and dined before getting a procto exam.
Recently visited by a celebrity or an important figure?
Show it to the world  visitors love to check out places famous people visit.
LKfMadness: Let the games begin!
Today, packing the office; applying for a job; blogging; sending some emails.
That's it!
Nothing more!
Yeah, it's scary because I'm not 100 on what I want to do yet really.
;/
you go to dq?
No more cracked screen!
:D
follow back?
Upset alert  Auburn leads Kentucky by 2, 11 min to play
get in line!
I definitely like Weeden as a QB, he's third on my list, but I don't know if Browns will go for him.
MYC Education commitee members are attending the public hearing on the budget.
you tell that fucking judgmental asshole lol she is the reason gay marriage is still illegal
hey what are u doing?
Who how and why JLo?..Where is her Fiat?
Couple cute bitches and some bad ones to go.
You earned it, tough guy.
I saw you will be attending the Edelman Aca Summit.
Looking forward to meeting you!
No kidding!
lol YES!!!
I can
Oh, wow this is awesome!!!!!
Should I send the lyrics to the same email?
Can you leave your cell in the DM?
Thank you!!!!!!!!!!!
When something's hard to say you know it need to be said...
Let's just say this is hard to say!!
Greener is always good
did I say coke nadda....
did I say tab
Married someone who comes home early to watch champions league but falls asleep during Celtics OT.
Problematic?
HipHopAwards Meek Mill
I just saw the Rockfest KC lineup, is this an actual reflection of popular rock music, or does KC have worse taste than I thought?
New modules has been published on GIS Extensions Market.
Hope to see you back!
RT Got to check out last night.
The Airline Chicken with smoked corn gravy and fried...
that was a low blow
Could you please restock the Down But Not Out Hoodie's because my wardoctorbe is not complete without one!
:
Without even clicking on the pic, I'm going to say yes.
Coleman always shines on VHS.
RT It's So hard for me to sleep without a fan
I will DM Justin and ask him to follow you:
Sustain the vision and assignment you have been given....
The first gay president, Newsweek?!
Ugh
wtf...If I find you a good ticket would you hop on it ???
Cause we all gotta be there for Indy 500!
Breakfast burrito day at work 
If you are struggling with something in your life, email your questions to .
Get your answers from a therapist.
Man these bitches
The best person :
Ben: My heart is captainvated and captainred.
If that's the kind of dialogue 4 tonight I'm going to need a lot more wine.
Kick off a happy wkend w/ happy hour!
User our filters 2 find HH's with food specials, free wifi, outdoor seating, and more!
www.gotime.com
oh we ain't 4get bout all u dinero dynasty fans n followers its finna go down doctorcam!
and Alex who don't have a twitter ....just hopped on these white kids
But there's no room in the trailer for adlibs about chili dogs.
We have a crossbreeze here....thank goodness...
No wonder APG doesn't have a New Media specialty on that long list of theirs!
yeah for like 5 minutes
lol those were sum gd times
Thank you for the follow!
Have a wonderful Saturday :D

Can't handle a longdistance relationship...
that's why the fridge is in his room!
Work that out....
studio day!
Guess its better to feel shame than to feel sad bc you cant afford your house or your medical bills or to send your kids to good schools.
recovering from a nasty fall this morning.
ouch!
everything hurts.
I heard you're talking shit again, I'm gonna sleep with all your friends.
LOL, YES, PLEASE.
TELL US THE INFO3
It makes me happy to read the pitchers and catchers report to spring training tweets today.
I can't wait for Opening Day!
think your blog is great!
you are preaching now, good word.
if she doesn't learn one that bitch is gonna get cancelled.
Sparrow?
More like Sparslow 
Pizza and a sundae tonight from 11 to 12am.
Every Friday and Saturday night!
As I would not be a slave, so I would not be a master.
This expresses my idea of democracy.
Whatever differs from this ..
is no democracy.
In the kitchen working on the Valentine's Day menu.
I'm thinking Chocolate Fondue and Strawberries  Cream for new body wash.
Suggestions?
Only 1O of men go to HEAVEN, cause if they all went then it would be hell!
RT : Is changing the air filter the biggest ripoff when you take your car in to get the oil changed?
Happens EVERY TIME!
LOL
Can't wait till I finally get my hair done ugh it's been too long.
Discount K2 Rant Pro Audio Helmet 2012  K2 Snowboard Helmets
Stocks end higher on hopes that the Fed will provide more stimulus.
Dow adds 114 points.
Nasdaq and SP gain 0.7
Agreed!
RT : NEUROSIS Souls At Zero is one of the greatest albums of all time.
;  Welcome Yall Look Alike
that would be sadie.
haha cause were having a bday party for her that night!
better see you guys there!!
Hi!
What's Up?
What r u doing?
WOW!!
That looks amazing mister Lee!!
Did you start the initial sketch with pencil?
If so what kind did you use?
Thanks SO MUCH.
recving many such notices.
trying damage control.
This is so annoying but not surprising.
have a great day.
That's how we roll.
Best Hitchens obit ive read currently being tweeted by
Yep.
RT : ESPN, ESPNEWS and ESPN2 should never all be showing the same thing at the same time
don't worry man.
UT will pull this off
The whole of science is nothing more than a refinement of everyday thinking.
U can find a friend in me know dat
This Saturday, we're back at the Greenroom in Covington with Waiting for Brantley.
Show starts at 10.
You should really watch the gay history channel..you know bravo.
Lol!
Me too!
you didn't know that?
I'm done with the games.
Gunna off from here,, gnite tweeps!
: khara
I haven't read this yet, but there is something that strikes me deep and memorably in Artaud.
Like my Hedonistic asceticism.
not yet!
Haha!
Looks like a gametime decision.
I always swore to you I'd never fall apart.
You always thought that I was stronger, I may have failed but I have loved you from the start.
So the bet has been made.
I will have a full grown beard by the end of round one.
Who agrees?
It is gorgeous out there!
Quit your shit.
The Sam Riggs Band has opened for many great Texas legends including Pat Green!
SamisterggsBand.com
You may say I'm a doctoramer, but I'm not the only one.
Ballgame over
: I feel like if doctorke wouldn't have came out with The Motto, I wouldn't have done a lot of things in the past few months.
Something about Metallica is excellent for coding concentration...
more power to them guys going to get paid..
but this is why college hoops has lost its luster...
yes, I'm at work
agreed but ive got a good feeling about the next three years
CHRIS!
When are you coming back to America to tour with your lads?!
...wait, did I really just say lads...
Reason 3: I'm committed to Alpha!
My 19 yrs of active service, sharing of it with my oldest son Roderick Jr, etc are proof.
Can I watch with you hmm
My son is in a good Mood today
'Cause I'm half way gone and I'm on my way.
And I'm feeling, feeling, feeling this way.
Cause I'm half way in, but don't take too long.' 3
Thanks for the great season, looking forward to seeing you play next year!
Im in your hood hommies
Former NYU employee wins racial harassment lawsuit and is awarded 210,000.
Now he can afford one year's tuition at NYU.
Yeah That Might Be True But Dont Ever Change For NOBODY : .
I don't want to be your whole world..
Just your favorite part in it.
How are you today?
: Good Morning  goodmornin boo
Week1 of the 8 Weeks to a Better You program was a big success!
doctor Casbon discussed sabotage  overeating issues.
Great job!
awww!
it was litterally the BEST shownight of my life.
sdmayornp DeMaio going to nonprofessorts for help.
Use channel 24 when council is not in session.
Hi there!
Revolution can not only clean all types of rugs and carpeting, we also clean and service upholstery, air ducts, tile and more.
he's perfect.
literally perfect.
Will I get my nerd card revoked if I admit to not really caring about The Avengers?
RT Make the most of the best and the least of the worst.
Robert Louis Stevenson.
hahaha!
no groupies for dj nasty...
lol at home chillin.
and u?
Just pushed at car.
Hey there Girl, JUST WANTED TO SAY YOUR SUPER FABULOUS!
Start loving and stop hating.
cute I made rose water cupcakes the other day with butter cream frosting and pearl sprinkles they were delish :
Americas Food show Miami Beach: tonight cocktail party for Brazilians and US and other buyers on Miami beach, 79 p.m.
for details
There's a good chance I will be moving out of my parent's house.
Finally.
After 19 years of bondage, freedom!
I have no fear in my heart for things that I hate.
Thanks for all the birthday wishes lol keep em comin
wuzzup mike.
all well?
I won't be going to school tomorrow, but I'll call you sometime tonight for a quicky update.
:3
I did start today!
It's the one for May on BodyRock.
I'm starting over on beginner stuff.
Blerg.
I don't want you to go..
but I know you have to..
so I gotta learn to let go..
good one!
Lol
Interested in supporting Autism without having to write a check.
Then check out the great suggestions from .
All of these...
Soo much for being optimistic
See!
You get it!
Thanks , there's nothing we love more than sharing our love of garbage.
Sometimes I hate the radio...
Right now isn't one of those times.
that's cool he got alot of followers now!
WhY's cal like?
ok bye
We've got a huge announcement headed your way in just about 10 minutes.
Stay tuned!
bet that goalie feels kinda dumb now.
Who has a press list we can borrow to send out a GAPF press release?
Always enjoy those Baron Davis flashbacks.
At one point the guy was a beast.
Another good run.
Working my way up to 5 miles this weekend!
I just finished a 2.50 mi run with Nike GPS.
I hate twitter thugs like GTFO !!!
That what I'm fucking talking about!!!
Spring cleaning against my will
RT DJ tonight No Cover.
doctornk specials  tracks 102.
You have no good excuse not 2 be there
All I had seen was the Star Wars side.
i feel a little foolish for missing it.
I read Serenity first.
Couldn't resist.
:
Good stuff!
Setting up new webpage and had 4 phat shows this weekend.
2 nightclubs and 2 private events
lolz secert vaction to San Antonio, Texas wit me :
Tons of aggressive Chicagoans out jogging bright  early this AM but, you sir, why are you also juggling??
So weird.
Sat 2/25 Mark Towns Essence at Cork Soakers Wine Bar 710pm
facing new realities everyday, not being able to depend on anything is tough way to live
count sheep...lol
I swear if I fart one more time my underpants are going to melt...
I will be pondering it all, Amy.
I think it might be a story in poems.
I'm taking lots of notes as well as photos.
I'll be looking around for the hottie in the jock strap.
HES NOT ALLOWED INTO THE FAB 4.
THAT'D MAKE IT THE FAB 5 AND THATS SO NOT FETCH
totally welcome
Thanx for playing Dont leave on Sunday!
Can't wait to get in the studio next Wednesday!
:  good seeing everyone tonight.
Good to see you too ...
ItGetsMeMadWhen I see Meijer cashiers bag bird seed with our groceries.
connect with Nathan Ashton, our producer at
Happy Monday!
Attitude of Excellence your corporate culture doctorws or deters success.
Stay in the game :
Thank you for your posts this week!
Youve been awesome!
For you, we'll play it twice
Studio TIME!!!
New Freestyle mixtapes coming shortly!!!
Good Night World
Congrats to : You are our random winner for Winefest 2012 on 3/31!
Please email us at to claim your prize!
Stay tuned for a Facebook challenge later today...
Man Much Luv!
That's Wats Up
my friend bday's May 15th she's biggest fan.
Plz rt this and help me get him 2 tweet her.
I have been a coder for about 13 years now.
In my opinion time well spent.
but I think I am really going to get into video editing!
I keep leaning toward Philly.
I think they may have enough toughness and athleticism to pull it off.
I see I've reached 300 followers now.
:
Thanks for the mention!
Edward Munch's The Scream sold for 120 mil at Sotheby's.
It will now go on display in the dorm of the world's richest college freshman.
RAY PLease follow back :o
Thanks for the shoutouts!
Our fans are the BEST!
:
Thanks for helping spread the word!
Really, Hickey?
Dick in a Box?
You're going to hell.
Also, I love you....
Need HOT NEW Leads every single day, use EBAY!
i'm so akhalkdjfahdhfakjshdfajk SO EXCITED!
Here's to hoping tonight makes up for a not so great day.
Now you like Austin Mahone lol sorry didn't make since
Looking for the perfect place to grab a bite before your night on the town?
Check out B for one of our delicious burgers!
People talk living within means but if you spend your  on the right things, you wouldn't have to live so tight.
I been saving this  to be prepared for sum bullshit like this
You beat around the bush, like your scared to lick pussy so you eat around the tush!!!
Are you really going to tanger outlet in long island plzzz answer back so i can tell my dad plzzzzzz
I JUST GOT MY VERY OWN BASS BAHSNEHMSWESDJK FINALLY
We think and Eggdoctorp play nice together.
Happy selling
We get it, you did a great f'n job fixing the printer at HQ.
No reason why 25 people in 15 markets need to know about it.
Chrissakes.
Taco pizza!
Yummy scrumptious!
:D
RIP to Lyn Lusi of Heal Africa.
We had the pleasure of spending time with her family in Goma in September.
Relax mode is on right now
you look a canadian business man wanna be rapper.
actually, and its actually called FL Studio.
337K with 22 left.
Just faded 12 outs on the river with broadway against 2 pair and a flush doctorw.
I'm a fan I must say.
Speaking as a guy who appreciates women of course
Ironic that Colon is on the Athletics.
His physique appears as if he hasn't done anything athletic in 20 years.
So sleepy I wanna stay up during this movie though,,
We hope we can help.
Check out our website.
We can pair you with the scholarship that you're most likely to win.
It's easy.
way to go bama!
gilbert did a good job of giving it a shot.
Yeah ....Mavs getting going
thanks Joe!
waiting to hear back.
All his fans need to let him know he needs to be there with us.
: see you there!
3 field goals and not one touchdown on the board!
Unreal!
I knew this game was going to be good!
I love college football!
LSU vs
This Saturday's for kids: Explore an exhibition w/ an educator  learn how to make sailors' valentines!
15.
RSVP:
I here from many poloticians that we, the U.S., is the greatest country...
Is this a brith right, or even still true?
My baby throwing real combo's picture purfect...idk...i might have the next mike tyson out here he go crazy
THE PEOPLE CLOSET TO YOU WILL F UP YOUR LIFE...
shall I bring you some coffee?
;
Feel cool/popular sitting next to from
Hope everyone had a great 4th!
Now, back to the grind.
SJ Line Dancers: WHY DON39;T YOU CALL lesley clark
hey fairtrade  handmade lovers get a pair of guie flats,perfect for this spring!
8 last pairs of this collection help us get rid of them!
Man its funny what this world has turned out to be!!
Wow!!
If people would just mind their own business
never had a vodka attack...But I have patented the gin attack!
at least its not telemundo
Thanks for the RT!
You're joking, right?
Eating and walking is a talent most people haven't perfected.
We'll be there friday!
RT : The official launch of Bar Basque's Terrace is Thursday with Hampton's  Gotham Magazine.
CANT WAIT FOR TOMORROW ; YAAYYY!!!
:
who you talking about ??
LMFAO
Everything in life is actually really simple.
Make up your mind and put forth an effort and everything will work out.
Eatin good no ribs showing  E40
My first commit was accepted to Saltstack by opensource rocks.
It feels good to contribute!
what if you take your name out of it, so you're paying it forward to the others in the tweet, do I still lose karma?
dosent matter whoever :
whydopeoplethink that that Disney thing is a G or a squiggly line or something like that?
Ohh yeah...
Because it is.
thanks for the include
In one month: RT : 2.1 million US workers voluntarily left their job in Feb 2012.
What are you doing to retain talent?
Only 27 more days of school
In the studio, making magic.
Video shoot going great S/O
Thanks for mention.
You would have been the ideal student for that class!
do you see this tweet?
thanks for following, always happy to connect with Richmond writers!
Just booked a role for BET Lens on Talent Film!
I shoot next week!!!
if you like bald headed bitches go right ahead...
RT : .............
RT ChicagoMadeSean: Raven's girlfriend is ugly as fuck
hahah I was like uh what?!
I know I had like 2 hrs of sleep last night, I'm ready now.
Way to call me out!
Love taking about Wheel of Time, G.R.R.M, and novels with my library patrons!
is officially done with the third antibiotic in two months.
Yay.
Now please be enough to not let me get sick again in three weeks please!
:
Vinny Chulk's mom is steaming in the stands right now.
rules say everyone get to play coach!
wrapping presents.
Who's interested in an urban bike race/scavenger hunt through Montrose  midtown on Sat 4/3?
DM me...
Played with a guy tonight who's head was in the book all night, and didn't know tunes.
Needless to say he didn't listen  wasn't very good.
that awkward moment when you see a taxi and immediately think your in NYC again.
lmao!!
Where you been fool
nevertrustagirl unless she is going to give you 1 doctornks from bartab!
: Then you should love her!
Thanks Alli!
It was all !
RT : As usual great event smcsac crew!
hurry up pls
Signal Hill Continues Its Expansion, Hires BostonBased Internet and Digital Media Team
thanks for the retweet
i like cream tea and i like reading ghost stories
Friday nights are always the same in this town
Been studying for my music exam for hours and now I can't get the song tonight from west side story out of my head
He never once called me out.
He just kept showing me systems with higher and higher wattage.
It was beautiful.
Great!
Congrats for you, and that makes me very happy about the nlproc future of my alma mater!
: Tired of crying i just wanna smile.
I'll send your comments to Many agree with you.
I CAN'T FIND YOU :
Doing me
NFL doctorft in 31 days!
check inbox for info on main hall standup opportunity.
Hope you guys can make it!
And merry now, to all.
Seriously over this traffic jam.
Interesting experience at traffic school tonight.
It's amazing how much you can grow in just a few hours with an open mind and heart.
RT : If you are lifeworthy, you can take it.
Joseph Campbell
This big blog post sounds quite intriguing...
I'm going to be there tomorrow night too.
Can't wait!
lol not anymore.
Studying for Latin :/
Happy birthday Jack Kerouac
Small Businesses Progress Daily.....Customer service is the focus.
No reason to talk in tech terms..Break it Down
Democracy: as great as people can be, as fallible as people are.
,talking about his father's reaction to internment, at
I went to ZUMBA!
It really was exercise like a party!
First workout in a while, first group class and I'm ALIVE!!!
Lol
doctorving around with the windows down singing at the top of our lungs.
Did someone say summer?
hmmhm well I am a fan of cold pizza..
I usually reheat ribs
looking forward to seeing Maki Mori tonight.
What a wonderful Kickoff to the overtures series!
Michelle gives up her Swiss citizenship?
Now how in the heck will she get her name in the news?
ok so is orton going to prove tonight he deserves to be starter?
1st half I know, but so far he looks awful.
Its not preseason kyle
I'm going to give it a guess and say no good?....lol.
for breakfast, lunch, dinner, desert, snack, whatever whenever.
myfavcarbstoday but now we are off to vinyasa to sweat and get high.
Rodman made the night
Sitting here looking at an infinitive that I absolutely must split.But Econ style book, even though we know the rule is bogus, won't let me
I'm sick of reading/hearing about the NFL doctorft
Having a last hurrah brunch at cocotte.
Oh so good mary and rabbit hash.
Off that Amsterdam vodka.......this shit is legit
that makes 2 of us..my family is at a resturant  i passed out on the table!
JIOJGROGERJGOERGG I MISS WATCHING THE BOYZ ON ABDC SO MUCH OMG AKLSJOIJGEORIGJERGG
When did Marv Albert and Steve Kerr start calling college bball games?
ou got no bitches no wonder you feelin yourself
Thanks!
And if you are interested in scifi cyberpunk you will see links of my stories in the coming days!
If you play Eminem's My Name Is backwards, it sounds like an incoherent muddled mess.
Whats it all mean?
thank u
to bad I can't be there.
But I'm working on coming out after the babys born in feb.
or march
exfoliating body wash and rubbing alcohol
If you enjoyed the piece, please comment on it via the comments section on the article site!
XO
my head is spinning with the possibilities.
Trying to get to the bookstore today.
Agile is really interesting.
Need to learn more.
Have you ever wished there were two of youthat you could be more productive and professortable without being busier?
It's possible.
I guess it's a different beast.
LA burritos usually have less rice, for one thing.
I'm down.
Welcome back!
It's the freakin weekend
Sitting in a high backed chair, stroking a fluffy white cat while I ponder the fate of applicants.
A great teacher can offer an escape from poverty...
Teachers matter
Be Enlightened.
A 'stinger' in football is a neuropraxia of a cervical nerve root injury.
American Journal of Sports Medicine Aug 2006
Bubba was really talking shit to Tasha  her friend just cuz he couldnt get any play...they wasnt havin that..got in his face he was scared
Callux get a life.
Makes sense.
But I think it's also agerestricted.
I mean, I think that on no solid evidence.
Lol, let's hope somebody will step into our picture, lol
That moment when you notice that you spent more time in the test than you studied for it.
Maybe if I bang my head on the desk hard enough I'll pass out and have to leave school.
The week is almost a wrap!
Hope everyone is having a good one!
:
Pepe being an idiot!
The less I play, the more it sounds like me!
I don't even need to play on my own record!?
Sjoerd Siebinga speaks about the session he chairs: Explore and Discover most promising/interesting session for me
Yall dis mad about a app?
Awww..
miss you all so much!
Coming back to visit NYC soon!
Will keep ya posted
Thanks for posting the pictures Steve!
I can't wait to see you again :D
Firefighter on tv I would just completely avoid Plymouth
Similar to UL's BCS resume : If WVU wins out and LSU wins next week, LSU would be 130 with five wins against teams 93 or better.
Checkout Total Deathcore they keep the extreme scene going!
you hate me huh?
Planning my aam2012 experience; the theme seems to be community, technology, and diversity.
Very, very excited.
Any heat arguments come tweet me I'll shall win this
On my way to talk to this promotor trying to line up a show at the rocket room in the city
Telling people you're tired when you're really upset or sad.
how you said haha.
Good response
Pool day followed by an unknown adventure!
Loving the summer already!
Think...
I'll Go....
Christmas Shopping Today
price you pay for healthy eating
im a fan of him too///: it isnt obvious in my username.eh?
Follow my Boobs :DD
PRO TIP: Neurotically checking ur email every 2 minutes makes good news arrive faster, making u more successful!
I'm about to check it out.
hm, I don't know that one.
I'll have to check for it.
:
Yvonne Openshaw Thanks for the follow.
May the shirt be with you!
The brain is like an icebergmost of us only use the most obvious tip.
DANIEL IS SO RUDE k bye xD lololol
Downtown baby!
Yup, I'm a member and I'm looking forward to being more involved this year.
And hopefully meet everyone sometime.
Thanks so much for the good wishes!
You're giving me muchneeded confidence for the week ahead.
And then, there's...Game Six today at 12:08 when the Pens and Flyers meet again in Philly.
RT 99 of all leadership occurs not from the top but from the middle of an organization...
i guess should just nonwrinkle herself to the shed.
respect for the anthem is long gone.
Very sad.
Yeah I miss that kitty :
The three great essentials to achieving anything worthwhile are; hard work, sticktoitiveness, andcommon sense.Thomas Edison
you guys rock!
See you tomorrow!
And Carroll seems to have gotten in based on two games against Chelsea cause he had a bad season too.
Epoxy Coatings Can Bring Life Back to Your Floors.
We're like doctor Frankenstein...
but for floors.
Anybody know what happened at Chic Filet hvl n hendersonville?
Lots of police.
Caroline Levander from Rice University is talking to us today about Digital Archives, Digital Americas
Yes.
I've posted mixed reviews on Yelp.
Yelp contacts businesses and tells them they can pay to remove negative reviews.
no : I meant I was going to lock you out if it was storming if you don't give me chicken:
world geo you will not be reciveing the paper you want from me
Read it.
Loved it.
Still own every issue including multiple 1s.
Often think of unloading them for cash.
What's you're number 1 best advice to writers coming to pitchfest?
I know, it's rough stuff.
Thanks for putting up with it.
Obsessed with abc family movies3
these little ass boys playing football woke me up ..
heh, never bet on any defending champs, they never do well...
When someones insult to you is you might be smart but that won't get you anywhere in life ..an theyre completely serious  lmao dumb broad
civilwar quote of day.
Chesnut.
'got my carte de vista ..
mine like a washer woman'
: I'd like to see younger pictures of Holly Rowe.
It's hard to see her ever being cute.
she looked like a
Woke up to Starships again on vh1.
Like Mark Twain said, Never let school get in the way of a good education..
:
He himself is the sacrifice that atones for our sinsand not only our sins but the sins of all the world.
1John 2:2
thats what i hear.
i'm happy for you and tyler!!!
i'll be coming back on april 21!!
yay!!
love this one.
Hahaha to bad I dont work there ...RT : : I bet you want tht mangosteen lol I really do!!!
It's 12:36 here in LA.
I still haven't went to sleep.
I'm going to go to sleep now.
Have rehersals and practice tomorrow.
Love you xxoo AxL
Ha, I know how that is.
You've gotten into a good habit.
Everyone needs to tweet bieber4potter and help a three year old with cancer meet
I know right?
I love it!
!
winning RT : Talk Derby to me.....and I'll have another!
Ready for a day of learning at nlld with and lots of librarians from all over the US
regardless, there is nothing wrong with letting our sales reps know we appreciate them and they do a great job.
Unfollow this page it got hacked follow my new page now
Everyone's kicking it in this morning!
Personal training, pumping iron, kettle bells, body Rock Bootcamp.we rock!
Prana is Dead Or Famous.
Dead Or Famous is Prana.
you got the wrong number
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay There are five lights
You realize that posting it online is still running it, right?
Everyday is a new beginning, if you need one.
i hope you had a great day too
and are shaking every ass in this place
Holy Mother, it's a gorgeous night tonight.
If the Matrix taught me anything, its that guns can solve all problems, even a bad internet connection.
What do your random bursts of creativity lead to.?
This game proved Chris Bosh is a huge part of our offense
Ghouls Gross Hermits Out Unearthing Leftover Spareparts
figure he felt he couldn't let Toots play because he needed scorers on ice.
second guessing I would have played toots 12ish mi
Haha, I misread the hashtag for a hot second.
;
yep, that's me.
I'm Back!
very excited for you two!
Are you going on a honeymoon immediately after the wedding?
3 if u could only met one boy who would it be?
Can anyone suggest some good reading on PTSD?
I'm looking to sharpen my knowledge for our
Thanks Scott!
Ill put it on my calendar!
sounds great.
I will doctorp you an email right now.
I think I'm having a heart attack.
give me head , till i'm dead !
We think a team from Kentucky will win this first finalfour game.
Call us a genius.
Call us Dionne Warwick.
Call us awesome.
Hey if you tweeps if you get a chance youtube a video called what should i do it is a spoof about Brett Favre
Absolutly not!
I'm glad we've connected!
I randomly sit and play with my titties..
idk why ??
0o
Idfk how their parents do it.
Thats probably why their always at my damn house lol
really?
: : R.I.P to 16 year old who died in a car crash last night after prom on her way to an after party
Thank you Cathy, Cesare and staff on a wonderful meal/service.
Wish you all the best for years to come!
I'll save it for ya
Thanks!
What did you have?
doctorve to FIU for nothing..
oh well.
Good morning Uppers Sorry, I'm late.
We shall never forget.
We shall keep this day, we shall keep the events and the tears in our minds, our memory and our hearts and take the..
Resist!
Doughnuts, cake, and cookies are/were my faves.
I believe Conspire coffee shop has vegan doughnuts
oh nothing.
just gettin my tweet on.
Religious Mayhem  The Lady Expounds
Rubio was showcased more nationally.
I heard his name more on ESPN/TNT
Great to have you listening!
Thank you for your support!
Baaaaah to u
Comeon Pacers, we got this game.
Come out swinging and knock these Walt Disney World Warriors back into the swamp they came out of.
I know it's a culture that is old and steeped in history, and that shone out tonight.
Very true.
Was thinking about Mark Prior earlier.
Great rookie season...but they're just never the same after a labrum tear.
hey miranda you can follow me please !!!
What a day, what a day.
Ups.
Downs Summer 12.
Is here.
Let's get it.
aww you're no fun :
Thanks!
I'm happy to answer any Q's you may have.
Even discuss getting the City of Columbus set up w/ Daily Challenge.
I know!!
Any time I notice someone unfollowed me.
I look at Ricky.
Wellington..Troy and Dave Days first.
Lol.
There are people in this world who will purposely try to prey on your weakness.
Don't engage in their games.
Let them outtalk themselves.
How can you not be romantic about baseball?
Moneyball was a good movie!
Now, goodnight moon
can someone tell me what RT means?
need help.
can someone please recommend a good online project management tool?
thnx!
Yeah JJ.
Let's do this !!
Bring the bats:
lol we can't win.
Apparently I look like everybody with doctorads.
he loves you calm down
Without faith a man can do nothing; with it all things are possible.
: How much of the key code to I need to verify for a beetle manufactured 3/1970?
Would K040 be enough info to order a key?
Today, we are thankful for our country's brave veterans.
Thank you for your service!
Family dinner
the BBTF Xmas tree arrives today!
We can't wait to decorate it :
hey sexy!
I'm fine.
Just acting.
Whats new?
I went to State when Jeff Malone battled Phi Slama Jamma
Loving you is like Food to my soul.
and are worse than girls.
is super nice!!
It would be cute if her and austin dated, but sadly they dont..
Yet;.
Your so pretty and nice!!
Follow me?!:
Bare Bowls will be at the Menil Bookstore parking lot tomorrow for lunch introducing their new Byzantine bowl till they run out.
RT : Real riches are creativity, passion, friendship and communication; artists are the richest people around.
Love it!
So glad we never faced any real interference from the AU admin back in the day.
that's awesome!
Thanks for sharing....
Now get back to exercising!
; lol
actually the vast majority voted for Hamas.
Many also danced in the streets on 911.
I believe that they are brainwashed  ill
I wanna see bin laden's notarized death certificate
don't have enough characters, even with Twitlonger, to tell u how messed up that is!
2 yrs I've tried to get u there!
Thank you Lord for another year alive and free with my family what more can I ask for
Content is King.
if I was out there I would maybe be your friend
You were too good to be true :L sigh
Gotta get some rest  I have to sing early in the morning...
it's my final song on the album...
u can follow my album updates
So Phil says six more weeks of winter.
If the weather stays like this, how will we tell the difference when Spring hits?
After playing on your site, we agree that you've got a good team over there.
Looks delicious!
Austin ; DA FUQ IS A PINK DOLPHIN BRO!?
Hope you have a great birthday,
any news on Kevin Smith for the Lions ankle?
his status for this weekend?
Any of you out there who can help me with advice and get my son to stop chasing girls and my daughter off party mode..will b apprecaited
It's Wednesday night.
What am I going to do?
I should probably start with eating dinner...
R.I.P Adam Yauch, fight for the right to party upstairs for us man
Can't wait to have a day to ourselves tomorrow
not good.
Not happy.
OPENLY gay staffers.
Register for The Premier Vocal Coaches free vocal seminar Sat Feb 18 register by emailing and get more info
Munoz....of course!
If the cab doctorver said that about any one else I would be worried.
But knowing it was Jim fucking lahey himself doesn't surprise me.
Wonderful news  now you have a friend here to welcome you
How was the show?!
Mavs get the win 9081 over Rockets.
Is this team able to really make a run...again?
Those certain tweeters you catch yourself favoriting everything they tweet because they make you lol
Yes!
RT : Only imperfection is intolerant and impatient with imperfection
oh okay
oh god:' did you do orienteering in blakey with the old guys :'?
I had midget doctorams
been in the city since 9am gonna have dinner with a friend later
The sky looks like it has the aliens from The Darkest Hour!
Oo
Does someone know how calls her fanbase?
3 :
See Alex's tweet.
See Whitney's tweet.
Now let's all be friends again.
Taste something new: Haupia Macchiato at Spro in Hamden.
Macchiato with half'n'half and coconut milk.
Decadent.
a I need to see the fam before they leave...
b we're all going out tonight!
You better come out!
Thanks for the FF love!
LaHood praising Indy Cultural Trail and community leadership.
Just want to cry
lol yeee ; I wish he could see your tweet and do it, i mean follow us back ;
If the cards fall the way I hope, this will be the LAST St.
Patrick's Day I have to deal with AB.
May the odds be EVER in MY favor...
A heart has a Door allowing PPL to come in or out..it also has windows..to look out so you won't open the door for anybody.Let some knock.
Renewed Calls For End to Animal Testing The Humane Society of the United States, Humane Society International and LUSH Cosme
that's wazzzup.
I just checked it and I'm excited now!
haha
and still, as he looked, he lived; and still, as he lived, he wondered.
Kenneth Grahame, The Wind in the Willows
To those already awake : text me to keep me AWAKE!
Sunday shift sucks .
Fanny Pak , please stay!
stop yo studying!
So you carry your contacts around with you?
dang had ta do me like dat lol
Artists  would you like to become my friend on Facebook?
Use my email addoctorss
only 2ish more years till i can leave for good....
thats nowhere near soon enough.
MensReproductiveRights you have a right to inform yourself on birth control options, and utilize them with your partner
yum chicken teriyaki.
wish was with me lol
glad that we are on the same page, plus not physically appealing to look at
Tonight !
Jonathan D.
Moreno and Jonathan Haidt talk to
Ug..Out of coffee, it's gonna be a long ride to work :
Our new and first book as a publishing company is out on Amazon as an ebook: A Lean Marketing Revolution by
Is it bad that I keep watching the DarkKnightRises trailer over and over?
Chilling with my best friend :
Oh really?
Go die slut!
:
President is going to be speaking shortly on gay marriage issue...will be announcing that he sold state of NC to Iran on Ebay...
you're 2 legit.
ha, that may make its way to the cabin.
Or my shoulder
When you're stressed, You eat Ice cream, Cake, Chocolate  Sweets.
Why?
Because stressed spelled backwards is DESSERTS.
Mind  Blown.
There's a reviewer on Amazon who goes by Leicester Bangs, which made me laugh.
I wouldn't post a statement like this on Twitter if ya know what I mean lol
you still awake?
Lol
Stop by the Del Mar Doubletree tomorrow for Revive Happy Hour, including chair massage and hand treatments.
Visit us from 4:307pm.
Never go on TV with kids or dogs, right?
Not to beat the dead horse of flopping but these RedSawx are like the Portuguese Nat'l soccer team.
Yes, they are making us look like Euros
RIP WHITNEY
New special!
The Fungus Among Us: Beef, grilled cremini, button  portobello mushrooms, grilled red onions, provolone, horseradish, fries.
A spiritual awakening is an Altered Attitude.
ah at least I was the first to put like literally 8,000 likes as a comment on their status
yes, it is good to be warming up, but it seems we go through this every year  soon it will be too warm...
let me knwo dude, I could have it in your hands within 24 hours.
:
I'm loving new single heartbeat!
Just in time for BeautyExpert Valentine's Day
Don't miss our Foreign Film Festival, first upPotiche, a French film, shown on Monday October 3rd at 2  7:30PM at Metuchen Library
In Arizona :
Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit
oh I was there and I was like I think this is the theater Austin mahone was at and my friend told me to be quiet about him
Who's in Newport RI tonight?
Come see me at Gas Lamp Grille on Thames 101am.
I'll be DJing a special Valentines party!
Turning hot this afternoon.
HIGH: 87 City, 90 inland.
PM seabreeze kicksin giving coastal areas relief.
Sunny tomorrow.
HIGH: 77
adderall day of.
BOOM instant success.
or some milk and cookies if you want to play it safe
I hate when even my own family doesn't believe me..
Haha.
I already finished book one.
I just do the little wizard duel things and potions.
Haha.
Good news out today, including the lower unemployment rate in Broward County, South Florida, and the State of Florida.
Keep it coming!
Yawn.
Argh.
Starbucks.
An afternoon  American Cancer Society's Hope Lodge/NYC can change your life.
Great support for people with cancer.
my ex was a girl xD
hahaha u still want him to come over
Ooh, can I come?
RT Abortion debate day in sociology class.
I noticed u take a special interest in SF food truck scene.
Have a project I'm working on u might like
I'm a Tiger and I'm tweeting from Nashville, Tennessee.
The heart of SEC country.
Trying to clean up to welcome MizzouNation!
11 months today with an amazing man :
Commission to reconvene for business meeting at 6pm.
The June cover story is being laid out now in ; excited to see the finished product.
Also wellness sidebar
oh I been running revival at a few local churches.
How u?
watching the tip doctorll video tittieseverywhere lmao
It's hot AF!
Ima get dark  I want to b in a pool and I want ice cream .
You guys hear about Mitt Romney?
He likes to go running with President Obama
You guys rule!!!
m/.
Check my band out www.reverbnation.com/kinetik.
Cheers dudes!!!
Trimed crepmurdle, Planted 4 blueberry,5 sweet potatoes trimed rose bushes, A great day for yard work.
Whoops typo in my tweet should
NJ heads home after an exciting and inspiring SLC.
So great to hear what all our state leaders are doing.
It gets better every year!
SomeoneIWantToMeet Cannot wait to see you in 'cuse.
Sandusky is writing a followup titled how to get raped in prison for dummies..thought i was going to go with a one word title didn't ya?
Congrats for the job.
I have a feeling 2012 will be a breakthrough year for a lot of content
Google says it will build 2nd data center in Iowa
hey where are you these days?
Ugly Personalities Destroy Pretty Girls
Gonna meet up with and later tonight for the scarface show.
Oh, u care now?
No..
Higher taxes wont stop us addicts.
Will pay what it takes to get our fix.
Oh my God I just cried for a straight hour watching last night's episode!!!
You are good.
Give them to me instead.
That'll teach 'em.
McCartney must of gotten Joe Walsh the good seats!
That's three closeups of Paul in the first five minutes.
My Super Beers so far: Leinenkugel's Creamy Dark, Lakefront East Side Dark, Dixie Blackened Voodoo.
Oh, yeah.
Today Eric Bennett from Bennetts Performance installed Bike Sentry on my bike and became a sponsor of the Road to Sturgis ride!
Yeahh
You will find rest from vain fancies if you perform every act in life as though it were your last.
you are welcome :D
Just made a realization.
I write email faster on my iPhone than my laptop.
The wealthy will never regret their actions so long as it keeps them comfortable, there is no forethought or hindsight.
Happy October!
A great month for cats and crime novels!
www.cozycatpress.com
CbusMarathon  I just started the Nationwide Better Health Columbus Marathon.
RIP Dick Clark, new years eve celebration will never be the same with out him.
Will be missed
Didn't know I could schedule a Tweet until today.
Can I use as alarm clock?
not being able to open multiple tabs on lionshare actually caused me quite a bit of stress today
Good Morning i cant believe im up lol i so need coffee....
thanks!
It feels great helping professorssional people reach personal goals
my mom use to have me greasy as hell.
My clothes use to stick to me like crazy.
Worst sound to wake up to, a shovel removing snow you knew nothing about.
Bleh
Thanks for sharing your creative process  inhouse toolkit to design the new logo.
It enlightened our audience!
Well, just found out the dad of my friend's friend owns Digital Storm.
How about that?
boyfriend 1 everywhere?
Favorite song on replay!
love you, been supporting since 1 time!
now to get noticed follow?X45
Many of these babies be frontin'.
It's finally here!
I remember that Pence rollover.
A man who has never gone to school may steal from a freight car; but if he has a university education, he may steal the whole railroad.
we all have that point with our creative activities the biggest thing is powering though it
I think it depends on what the product is too.
Buying a car of an ad seems silly.
Just thought of an interesting way to measure the impact of various library outreach measures on student IL skills.
Won't be easy to do!
Get more head than shampoo NM
I know exactly what you mean.
Gosh I want to blaze it but I can't.
Should be 'and' of course, with a vastly different emphasis.
It's about data, not what we've come to understand as 'cataloging'
keep your head up bro!
This too shall pass.
If you were a Republican, they would probably nominate you for Congress.
Getting excited to head to SanAntonio TX today for graduation this weekend!!
not even close!!
is the streetball legend around here if yall didnt know twitter world!
Chan Ho to Pittsburg?
Really?
Get with it Ruben.
..
I'm pretty damn good..
how about you?
is going to sleep, then to awaken...
HoeLies 19: It's not a pushup bra.
Looking forward to tonights social media workshop!
Can't wait!
RT : A very exciting sale is going live tomorrow on and I are super excited!
goal was not to offend you.
If you are still looking for a recruiter to assist you I would be interest in helping you.
I'm so freakin tired right now  I hate people.
Go somewhere else besides Applebee's.
Thanks 
Don't forget to vote today!!!
you said it!
Look for us and on tom.
morning at 7:30 for a peek at French fashion, floral, food and cocktails!
We love to share our clients accomplishments!
Tag us on twitter and we'll gladly spread the word.
Average household businesstoconsumer ecommerce in North America is expected to break the 1,000 mark some time this year, per GroupM.
hola mi amor welcome to tweeter 
I really don't tweet a lot.
Thanks for the RTs!
Don't worry, you're a very smart breed  you'll get the hang of it.
We'll ignore the typos.
fascinating read; i hadn't picked up on either the academic or pedagogical practices before
skyline from the Bay sign me follows
What are I doing?
I don't know what I are doing.
williams WLCTwitterFollows from the WLC literary community!
Great to connect!
thank you!
Intellectual Property: Explosive Growth Potential But Can You Play The Game?
Seeking Alpha
Tip 173: The fastest way to get better is to play heads up.
Happy Birthday!
But what is the other choice re momentousness?
It feels so good to not have anything to worry about, or due.
Chillllllinnn'  I love naps, thunderstorms, and Cupcake Wars.
I am very happy because I have new followers.
Thanks!
Oops, here's the link to fix your shin splints!
is that a hybrid?
Happy Friday from Upfront Consultants :
LOVE You!
really enjoyed your presentation!
Who Run The World Beyonce ROCK !
Come to me, all you who are weary and burdened, and I will give you rest Matthew 11:28
thanks!
We will!
You have a fantastic night as well!!
happy bday bro
I feel refreshed!!!
70's Mitchum is always worth watching.
Thanks for the heads up!
Have never seen this one.
Nice to see you too!
Where are you heading?
is an Irish happy hour for Young professorssionals, hosted at on Thursday night!
I hope that's not the case!
thanks for giving us a face to put with that great look!
your welcome:
Whos coming to secret gentlemens club tonight to staple  to me?
I'm hoping Inmar announcement will bring some more IT talent to the Triad area.
2 seasons.
No offense, I'd hate to be in your shoes
The madness continues.
Mens a, mens adv, and both womens' schedules are up!
Good luck!!!
Im taking to Sam on Kik, text, instagram, and twitter SHH SAM PICK ONE
NYC w/Ferrazzi's Never Eat Alone book and 2 diff people asked me if it was any good, so of course I said its a must read!
Beats are almost done.
Gonna record very soon.
thanks for the recs!
Just finished Hunger Games.
I'll check out the others!
Heard a white guy say, brotha from anotha motha today and now I want to hide forever.
your guys' dog is a little rascal lol
The secret of wining in the game of life is increasing our focus on our vision for our self and our life.
That's awesome!!!!
You lucky girl!
Glad u had a great time!
If you would like to join an entrepreneurial group of marketers committed to promoting integrity doctorven opportunities, then subscribe...
Real situations expose fake people.
Happy Easter!
OMG!
dead.
I'll always remember my first 7th grade dance with a boy to your music :
Mockingjay sitting on my desk at work.
How much trouble do you think I'll get in if I just bust it open?...
A judge issued an injunction against Verizon last week ordering the company to cease and desist the unlawful use of intellectual property 
I SWEAR EVERY FEW MONTHS MY PHONE IS LITERALLY OUT OF ORDER..
.
IM OVER IT!!
NO LUCK WITH PHONES 
: join  lets get marijuana legalized!
OperationLegalizeWeed
Expression through stories and songs.
Nick you can be my baby daddy..
No?
okay..
I tried to answer this question, but there's only one way to do it within the limits of 140 characters...
Sometimes.
Curious to hear what you find.
Actually wrote a paper a few years ago on the topic because of high Latin youth numbers.
Are you a NEOhio college student?
Follow for the latest news  info impacting you.
RT : Wednesday's CHIchat topic is St.
Patty's Day, CHIrish Style  hope to see you all at 11am!
I CAN'T BELIEV IT JOEL IS FOLLOWING ME, I LOVE U BABE ;
I ain't to proud to tell you that I cry sometimes....
She got your card and thought it was so sweet.
Thanks, woman!!
and one of these old fucks cant hear well so i gotta yell at her n order for her to hear me...
ima take her position ..
The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them.
Ernest Hemingway
Yuling Pan Politeness in Historical and Contemporary Chinese, Tomorrow, 10/22, 11:00 AM, Brooks Hall 2nd Floor Lecture room
RT Spring 2012 Board of Directors Meeting minutes now posted in Members Only section of
How's that loaf of ...
banana?
:
Dawes is omnipresent.
You know this.
don't worry about the number since it always fluctuates.
Use measuring tape and take your measurements, it's more accurate
Today's gunna suck..
I have a freaking migrane.
True story: I can't get my car out of the parking area because I think one of my neighbors put glue in the lock on our gate and it won't...
School has made me unable to sleep in anymore
adapt...or jump in the with all your clothes.
I told them that smart is a matter of degrees.
idk, I'm not good with older movies.
And they laugh cause you're not skilled at that game?
Do you laugh with them though?
Foster the People radio on Pandora is on point this morning.
Basketball gods don't want anyone to be the heat
Survived my Tuesday morning.
Now....on to living life on all levels!
Who is BigJoYo..
The world may never know.
Adams: Disability ratings for physical ailments are more consistent than for mental ailments
Which is for overweight guys playing softball in 100 degree heat?
I see perform and recover but no survive
Thanks!
Any nottomiss activities you recommend?
Kind of seems like everything is gorgeous and not to be missed!
Hi!
New vegan for health/weight loss.
It's not always easy.
And I don't tweet about my awesome vegan dinners.
;
I know it's crazy/but it's true Caught between the moon  NYC?
do I know u from somewhere?!
Back at work after vacation to find one hangup voicemail and a dead plant.
I had fun today on the panel with you all!
Thx!
Tune into ESPN 2 to see the last remaining American, John Isner, try and battle his way back in the 3rd round down under.
I think it's time to have an AccountCenter App in Andoctorid.
Google is taking over!
I'll keep lookout for them..
Missed collision by a hair yesterday.
Very glad that I have Emergency instructions posted at home by my front door.
I'll be in 137.
In line to spin the wheel now!
lol I'm not chill I'm dumb wild n I be going crazy 4 nuttin I'm weird but I guess :P hahah k
RT : Sex after a blunt It iis AMAZING!
Looking for a way to promote your MMA business or perhaps even yourself as a fighter or fan?
Look no further!
http://.mmafreeagent.com/
I've never put homeade coconutoil on my skin before.
Leave it to my mothers side of the family to know how to make that from scratch!
what u might not know is that I'm finishing up THE PAKAGE VOL.2 as we speak and I might need some heat from u
Knowledge  reason are needed to rule the day each  every day in a sane world.
And these are required for the survival of humanity itself.
welcome to twitter!
gildas illien: courts have difficulty authenticating electronic evidence; rely on provider reputation to evaluate
Don't tell me to do something,  then get mad when I do.
because the song is awesome!!
She jus told me im not the marryin type...well damn
Lots of Almodovar titles work: All About My Titties, The Titties I Live In, Titties On the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown.
I am a Jr fan.
I hope the BW bike is preserved like a fine classic and left as is.
My 2; no idea what he's planning.
Hm.
I think you are flirting with me.
Go ahead.
Do it some more.
Meow.
Normal Flirting: Hey baby ; what's up Me Flirting: Your face, I like that shit
That awkward moment when you fall down the stairs,  you just sit there laughing at yourself but your in pain.
my phone text is just as bad as twitter.
Sometimes I have more to say that 140 letters.
Meteor shower!
I am what some would refer to as an 'insomniac'  Jack
I was thinking Dave genzmer...but that would be wrong too
so do we!
Thanks for you help and support.
Join us this Thursday, 3/17, for the talk on Civil Rights, Women's Rights, and Human Rights at Culbreth theatre from 6 to 7:15 p.m.!
Don't you hate when you buy packaged air, and there are chips inside?
Pisses me off!!!
1 Goose, Patron  Jaager before 11p.
3 bottles ...
look up bands named guys underground dawn of odessa and amigos that will lead you to the huge music movement here
Free throws Lehigh.
Come on.
it's just rude.
for me it's like, You know what?
I'm busy too.
Respect me enough to get back to me, at least.
I wonder if has one you could borrow?
On my way to support my brother in Christ Stephen Murphy, he lost his grandmother recently...stay strong bro.
listening to preach his first message from Grey Matter series.
AWESOME!
haha I hope!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE BESTEST FRIEND/SISTER EVER !
Love you and misses you!
:
Finishing a book tonight by Jonah Lehrer called Imagine: How Creativity Works.
Highly recommended read, when you get a chance
How many people have seen 's ass?
: : LMAO what are you doing!?
I'm creating a movement.
Wyd?
lmao!!
Haha
That's it!
Thanks!
:  Jess
WOW!
It was really really good!
Today isn't helpin my farmer's tan
: Byron, we met when you were in Philadelphia for PABJ.
I will keep you and family in my prays!
thinking bout joining enviromental club and yearbook club, doctorma club in my freshman year
My mom went to Everest, i live right by it ;D
Life was never easy, times were never simple.
We are only more aware of the fragility of our world today, and that is the burden of wisdom.
how does that work?
Come on!
Jed NEEDS to deal.
This team is simply not good.
Some say, it SUCKS!!
What do fans look forward to with current roster?
Good thing I don't use any pressure when I'm playing!
badHabits twitpic.com/85c4ih
Good Morning everyone!
Happy Wednesday!!
more than what ?
I'm feeling so bad for this lady who's trying to groom Dash's face.
Smh ohh gosh he is the most stubborn wiggly dog ever.
Do you tip them?
alright i will but im sure we'll have fun
We're at DigitalHollywood this week  ping us if you would like to say hi!
read it.
Good article.
Another point for VCs is making good presentations.
People w accent or 'funny' looks won't make it through.
Can you practice your harmonica part of Steamisterller Blues for this Thursday please?
And save it for a birthday duet?
:
probably going to freak out for the next few hours.
: Chillen w/  !
thanks for the invite chris, feeling duh luv.
jk.
Yep.
How's your day going?
Can't get the energy going today..
New Single Bad Decisions out on iTunes May 22nd!!!
It is da bomb!
Thanks for the RT, sis!
AND for the iPod :D
account hacked today, I changed my password, hopefully all's good.
Sorry!
Quick!
One or two, PICK NOW!!!
they dont make any that dont run out LOL Even a lasaer printer will run out of it toner.
My mom has a 2,000 laser printer.
Impressive streak.
What prompted you to end it?
Just saw an ep of ToddlersAndTiaras w/ the America's Trezured Dollz pageant.
Didn't realize strip clubs had a farm system.
too late!
The more work I get, the more I want.
Keep it coming...
Having a hard time finding the motivation to watch Tree of Life and it's holding up the flow of my Netflix queue.
Hell yeah...we're doing a Derby game too!
Let the party begin!!
how r u?
and then there's that.
:
Im Waiting For My Doctor Lol  ok

Life is 10 what happens to you  90 how you handle it.
These niggas on The Vampire Diaries NEVER go to class...
Yes, it's a big change since when I was there.
Very exciting!
That's my favorite song of all time!!
good morning:
submitted room change requests will begin to be reviewed in early February.
My mom said yes...
unfortunately it got sold out..
Caffeine, frequently, in small cups works for me
first one, Sophia Rossi .
Hooray for professorssional Development Day with NYCMER at the The New York Public Library!!
thanks for the heads up, I will def post this today.
man i love omegle.
Less cupcake, more Sandylet's see how this goes.
Broncs march into John Foxborough and walk out with another W.
What time do RavensBroncos play next week?
Getting ready to announce our Friday Dec 10th Film Forum, mark your calendars as you heard it here first!
The largest bird is an ostrich.
:
in some people's case, both!
We miss you guys.
I love
Am I The Only One Who Play Widd The String That Hang Down From The Attic.?
omg his little pelvic thrust unf
Bad thing about getting good head...after you get it, your going to want it every time..more and more
event included the importance of using Twitter for promotion, and  going to try to use Twitter more!
:
S/O to for graduating!
Your education is important!
Much love bro and congrats on the new single to your moms!
:
invited to the white house one night.
Arrested the next.
I love baby sitting!
he told the hawkeyes I'm too good for you.
Smart man
Long weekend ahead, BUT I'm excited!!!
Great Chorizo Burgers....
With
people always think i woke up like 5 minutes ago
Express Great cardmember/inflight promo!
It's so frustrating when producers never bother to check the proper pronunciation of place names!
How's a small business to compete with negative tax rates for big business.
How can republican's justify their tax brakes as free market?
Finally got iPhone 4.
Turns out I can't walk to the Belvedere Hotel from here.
Thanks for nothing, Siri.
Happy New Year everyone!
Have a very safe New Year's Eve!
that was stupid!
arrest me please!
Fuckin hate cats
In both Jazz Society and Normal Society.
AMAZING!
I say we work on that together real soon!
Its not rocket science!
Had lunch at today.
Definitely hit their groovelove the Sloppy Joes!
Watching where the wild things are.
Just found out today that I don't work on Saturday I'll be able to watch iLMM with the rest of the Hawaii fans
sem2011 David McDonald on Israeli and Palestinian hip hop.
Detroit appeared three times including
THE IN MOTION STAFF WOULD LIKE TO GIVE A SPECIAL THANKS TO ALL OUR VOLUNTEERS!!
YOU MADE OUR SHOW A SUCCESS!!!
3 3 3
AMAZING first week of dance class!
Can not wait for the rest of the season!
Thanks, for the share..beautiful photo of VR..
According to Manchester City FC, Monday's Manchester derby against United broke viewership records in both the US and UK.
The Klondike Choco Taco looks pretty good
nice..yo momma jokes of the 21st century..Yo momma's so fat, she tried tweeting and exhausted the 140 after first keystroke.
I love you Justin well always support 33 cuz we love you please tweet me back33 love you foreverever 3
OK tampa I see you.
Lets party.
Cloudy w/ intermittent rain in Madison, WI.
No chance to see Aourara Borealis at this latitude.
RT : Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about the things that matter.
Martin Luther King True, then 
2 more hours of The Party Zone on 101.3 KDWB!!!
Just for you!
love the new look!
a.k.a last night at the bar
:O I wanna go to Nando's!
How bout one day, I'll fly over there, and we'll go..?!
:P x

the more areas open up with pain.
Like further down in my forearm where I didnt think there was any wounds.
I'm still not mentally prepared that I'll be seeing Megadeth live tomorrow night at The National.
RT Read a newspaper, in print or online, every day.
took me a few reads, but I just got your
Getting on the N train, heading out to see a shipwreck.
no its a goverment test and its 25 of our grade
Why the hell would they have Dog Tv ?
The elder gentleman took the cry so ill, that he watchedhis opportunity, and smote the young gentleman on the ear
I retweeted the link
Thanks Brian, we'll definitely let Michelle know :

Really impressed with how shows the tangible 1to1 effects of even small donations.
Shows the connected future of charity.
4 Ways to Get Your Business Found by Local Searchers
It's 12:03 am RT : This game started yesterday.
A date is intimate, a double date is fun, a triple date is couples night...and any more than that is pretty much an orgy.
lol crazy but ill holla when i can or next time i see u tweetin muahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
my bf is in new york.
my is en route to vegas.
i'm off work in 15 minutes, going to craft/doctornk alone.
Tiger wins his 7th PGA tourney a Bay Hill!
finally found you
Miss you, too, TK.
Eisenach: retrans just property right?
Do other property owners get mandated carriage?
channels numbers?
tier placement?
What's a good phone to get?
Preferably not a smart phone??
We are interested in working with you.
What sort of design were you looking for?
nah he's in the clear for that :
Those first innings outs were hit so hard.
I knew this was coming.
HAHA so true..
Finally getting out of this hell hole and back to the real world.
i love camping, just not with my family.
great ribs, great support at Pacers in Euclid.
Thanks Bob for hosting a friends and family fundoctoriser tonight.
Be part of the 5000 this Sunday!
I did NOT see that coming.
RT : Wow.
Yahoo!
reporting have 5 year 32 mil deal with doctorw gooden.
Hammond strikes again folks!
oh well.
ya never know.
maybe make a day of it.
My mom is making me go to mother and daughter tea tomorrow at church.
How in the world are we supposed to bond over tea?!
is on my tv...Everything's gonna be ok after all :
Funny, me too.
Loved p.62 story where jumped on a cafeteria table at Chi Seminary to rally classmates for Selma.
If your guided by other people's thoughts, then what is the point of having your own?
OMG!
Wanna have a jshore marathon?!
And I don't have an acceptance speech prepared...
The father who does not teach his son his duties is equally guilty with the son who neglects them.
damn I can't remember lol
doctor Brummond's office.
How can I help you?
um Willow put a ROCK in her ear  it's stuck.
I don't know what to do
I still watch Shin Chan and hurt myself laughing but still, I'm growing up...ok I'm putting it down for real now
the  really makes it legit.
The Easter bunny brought me the Steve Jobs biography and a meat thermometer.
I love my mom.
Read all my tweets.
You'll love all the beautiful babes.
Love their boobs.
Sexy videos and galleries.
Welcome to the 21st Century NY!
Who's next?!
Where is the wind blowing you, sir?
Better go out with a bang.
Sorry bout the Alfa.
I remember you blowin' past me on the Bay Bridge in that thing w the top down.
you were lovin it!
Fingers crossed!
;
Where is Ms.
Johnson at?!
Huskies on a 3112 run in the second half.
What a difference.
I don't think I'll be trying an SBend anytime soon lol that trick looks insane!
With the chilly Colorado weather, it's fitting that tickets go onsale tomorrow for Warren Miller's Like There's No Tomorrow Tour Nov 1620!
i actually ordered one an a chicken biscuit!
.
computer modeled energy efficiency in the design phase back in the 90s MNEarthDay HowCoolIsThat next?
Waste heat captainre
YouKnowShesTheOne when you go to a movie after dinner with her and she doesn't have to have the Jumbo Popcorn because she's still hungry.
My favorite tweetie pie friends make me laugh on weekends.
I guess that means there's life after work
That was a nice surprise
Heading to land shark stadium for the Barcelona match!!
its so funny when people say 'im meeting justin soon.
follow soandso  i'll tell him to follow you!' uhm, yeah right.
i'm not dumb sweety.
Great Texas Rangers win, walkoff basehit by Josh Hamilton in the bottom of the 9th, Rangers defeat the Seattle Mariners 7  6.
US Navy moving focus to Pacific70 of world is covered by H2O; 80 of US lives w/in 200 mi of coast, 90 of US goods come via water.
RT:Good Morning: ...We are now in the 5558 range but will fall into the 40s by late today.
WELCOME TO NYC AUTUMN.
burrboohiss
hope you enjoyed the tour!
I vow to fiercely love you in all your forms.
From now till forever.
3 My vow.
We want you to as well, girl.
It doesn't matter of who you are, she says 'cause He made you perfect, babe.
Lady Gaga :D
Excited to go to Tacoma Dome tonight to support Camas football team in semi finals for state!
Good luck Papermakers, let's make history!
3
When you're lost and you're tired, when you're broken in two, let my love take you higher cause I still turn to you.
I don't recall giving you a reason to hate me, you create your own doctorma based on pure jealousy.
I'm sorry!
It'll never happen again; I promise!
Muhammad Ali looks in really bad shape
I've been M.I.A.
lately .
Let's change that this weekend.
Whats your nights lookn like on Fri or Sat?
Don Leu, UConn: 75 of adults searching online never check the source
Feels like you guys are rooting for Tebow.
Understand It's great TV but how about some analysis about how Pats can beat Broncos.
Andy shares personal anecdote of feeling unappreciated by his friends.
your so pretty in all your videos.
you got the best personality 3
Acoustic Duo show this Friday!
Rocco's in Bay View, 9:30pm
a boxing match where the fighters are bleeding before the match?
haha Tom Tucker from family guy on women's boxing.
It is bed time gotta wake up early with the little monster man..but I love my nephew to death
The smell of fresh lavender.
I love summer.
So ready for next week.
It's been too long, Poughkeepsie.
oh you weirdo.
Lol I only like one his songs and That's somebody to love.
no problem : just don't give it away!!
The adventure begins!
Starting off with a mani pedi in Dallas at airport  party in MIA tonight!
are marked up texts helpful for CWD150?
talking abt exposing xml for freebase et toti mundo at UR
Maybe not, but absorb the uneasiness abt the future, growing up post 9/11, post recession
An artist is not paid for his labor but for his vision.
James Whistler
Hehe tweetin off Macy's phone ; you'll never guess who this is ;
Come get you're all day happy hour on!!!
Occassionally I'll be looking through the Demi tag and people will either be talking to her or about her blog.
If she had one, she'd
well then there's no need for me to bring an umbrellaa !
Searching for inspiration/motivation and found the wonderful 'How To Steal Like an Artist' by  just what I needed.
Thank you.
I want a star named after me too  :
Preaching Beyond The Choir  Sustainable Business Forum
That's great.
So SM forgave the loan?
Great conference sessions  innotechatx happening all day  Happy 45Minutes networking reception  1:45 Ballroom D
Like WHOA!
The fear of the Lord prolongs days.
But the years of the wicked will be shortened.
Proverbs 10:27
darn it  I don't have a red shirt!
Maybe I could borrow some of Ry's red lipstick :
So when is the TailgateTour coming to MKE???
Just can't get a break tonight, the Helo isn't even refuled and already another call comes in.
RT : Happy ThirstyThursday everyone!
Who you taking today?
Packers or Saints?
The problem with political jokes is that they tend to get elected.
If I eva publish, I will be known as S.M.Perleberg.
I want to be firstnameless like such current authors who leave me thinking...
Grumble.
I apparently can't spell when I'm frustrated.
If their tweet to u is short link only display their professorle.
If there are no followers BLOCK THEM  don't open the link.
It's spam.
thus being the reason I don't follow these people.
The epistemic closure runs deep.
17 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five.
Go Jollymen !!
ThoughtsAtWalmart these lines are too damn long
Oh, my!
We have a little dog who is also a high jumper.
He laughs in the face of fences.
Justin you'll always be in my heart 
I just discovered that the Cook Islands have .ck as their ccTLD.
They also chose to use the UK model of .co for companies
This is not your hone.
Heaven awaits you in the kingdom that awaits where Jesus arms are open wide for you' RT?
If you're not comfortable with yourself, you can't be comfortable with othersSydney J Harris
makin cookies lol
Don't even think about counting that as hanging!
wait when?
Hey Regis Tweet Tweet Dude
I don't remember the name but had this last time I was in.
Spectacular Gin cocktail!
i'd victimize a vortex of vultures for a 32GB right now!
oh ok I thought you were going to mail it to Francisco....
RT Bc they got Bojangles!!
RT Preparing food for Charlotte.
Why change diet when u go to the meet?
My contact lens is doctor.
Twitter is fantastic for complaining about the nagging little problems.
Many many thanks to BRILLIANT show and tour de force!!
!
All of the people I work with are fucking ignorant and retarded.
I cannot wait to leave this shithole
2peoplethatbelongtogether that one couple that are best friends and act like they're a couple but aren't.
Just landed at LAX.
Pumped and ready to get wild at
What was funny?
Can it be explained in 140 characters or less?
Midnight Trip to with hahaha
Speech at Liberty is Saturday RT : Bookstore at Liberty University wellstocked with books about Mitt
I am answering the questions on the pages to get certified in IC3...
The things you hear through the walls....
I think I might actually do my hair tomorrow.
WE definitely will!
Thanks guys.
Rondo ran like a little cunt fuck bitch.
Day 2 with might need to hit up the ATM.
IS COMING TO LA.
HALLELUJAH.
ALL IS WELL IN LIFE.
No!
Now get back to being the pretty girl.
Is anyone else as excited as I am to see Olly Murs too?!
Caitlin xx
Mandela not going to Mangaung is only a Breaking News story if he chose to attend a DA conference instead.
you said you were gonna follow me: you didnt.
SECCA's new weekend and after hours staff member Amy Dorman starts today.
Welcome Amy.
She is a grad student at UNCSA.
Watching the stream from Milwaukee.
Tell us good things about the future, Ultimate!
good stinking luck ahahah.
are you doing Dild or Wild?
Playin angry birds rio and gravity guy
Rockies down 0/5 after 5 to the Dodgers : must be pleased tho!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRINCETON!
THIS IS MY BACK UP ACCOUNT MY MAIN IS I Hope You have a Good Day !
OMG To munch hate:.das not good.
has the right to b happy i support him das wt true rusher do?
Going to walmart doe d;
Uhh that would be you missy!
I text you every time I'm off  you're with him!
check out john john's heat and dane reynolds too...those guys are unreal!!!
Determine to obey God, look to Him and not the circumstances, believe that God is able to do miracles to ensure your mission is a success.
So im up super early idk I dnt work today ugh
To make a difference is not a matter of accident, a matter of casual occurrence of the tides.
People choose to make a difference.
Maya...
Our UWM only Getting Started in the CMS course starts in a few minutes.
There's another session being held on May 7th with 10 seats left!
so what's this you're saying about a rimjob?
man I love you mom.
But kuzzo I miss you!
staying up just to watch on Jay Leno.
He winked at me at the club last month, I gotta do it.
John Carter was an okay movie.
Although I found it hard to pay attention after Taylor Kitsch galavanted around Mars almost naked...
Freshly leaked 39;Galaxy S339; photo seems to confirm earlier images ...
wow really Haley
Home...sick  tired
Had a Amazing day tho :
thanks for the follow Brett!
I like how you said bacon twice.
bacon bacon bacon 3
: Capers wasn't shy that first doctorve.
and to add to that.
there was very good tackling
This a good ass day
So ready for school to be let out.
Great to hear from you.
Still at the 'fish.
What you brewing?
I am releasing residual anger.
I am at peace.
POSITIVE ACTION
Or the US in general?
I like Ishikawa as a back up to Mat.
He will find his bat he's good power off bench if needed.
Only 4 games in.
The books were not housed according to their worth, but were lying in a most foul and obscure dungeon.
RT : Life may not be the party we hoped for, but while were here we should dance.
Anonymous
Commerce Department: Economy expanded at an annual rate of 2.2 JanuaryMarch quarter, compared with a 3 gain in final quarter of 2011.
RT Love's mother wiping her eyes as ME shows autopsy photos.
Only judge, jury, attorneys and Huguely can see evidence.
Yeah, I go back a lot.
I have a lot of family still there...
I wonder if she knows about what you do
Got any cool pictures of Austin?
SEND THEM TO ME.
3
RT : Question for anyone out there: Do Chesapeake employees get Thunder tickets free of charge?
I'll be giving out another pair of Korn tickets around 4:53 on The Zone  94.1...
tune in baby cakes.
Today I'm going to post lots of blogs on our site!
We have some great bloggers.
Nuggets are playing damn good
oh!
Good!
Well they're tools for two reasons.
1.
They are full of themselves and 2.
All girls go for tools.
I'm on an idearole!
can u help me out ?
Thanks so much, Grace Point Church!
We had so many World Vision kids sponsored at the retreat!!
You rock!
Everyday begins w/ a TO DO list, everyday ends w/ a journal entry, not just on your accomplishment  also your successes and lessons learned
Pit Bull.
That's it.
That's the joke.
yates hs is hosting it.
Go to my site and see their ad w/ contact info in jumbo tron.
DAD ANSWER DA PHONE.
I WANNA SEE ALREADY.
Lies Lies Lies ..
Must miss me a lot to keep forgetting lol
Got to love how many websites took my pic of Mike Knox then credit websites that stole my pic...for my pic.
Hm have you taken videos?
How you like me now?
Via Brooklyn!
we all miss you!
Come visit us soon!
Headed to orlando/ espn  Kick it 3v3 world championship  Go Fusion U12 girls
Lol naw I saw I am the legend with Will Smith so I know how to survive just stay away from white women and I'm straight
YouGetPointsIf you're tall, have blue eyes, a nice smile, and straight brown hair 21
i've been watching RNG videos all day today, i guess thats what happens when you're home sick
I think better when im not sober
Last night's music rehearsal of Approachingecstasy was amazing.
Performances May 18,19,20.
Good morning Richard!
Have to say, I love your posts about being blessed after a nice rain.
It's the little things :
thank you!
Cocoa Beach is just awesome.
how bout casting a actor who's a veteran???
Now that sounds good.
I'll be waiting
I'm only asking because you're the best...
or, just have fun with it.
yesthey also tend to forget their art is gone for years.
RT Am I right in saying that the rich are the most wasteful people?
Hmm, I need someone to text me can't go back to sleep
That damn Maury never lets me down!
there is a time for everything, and a season for every activity under the heavens
totally flaked on Wordcamp this year and now it's sold out.
:/
Have to admit, I really liked Darjeeling.
Also  and I know this is blasphemy  lukewarm on Tenenbaums.
immersive environments are the next big thing in experience design
Happy National Margarita Day!
Celebrate it with a Guiltless Margarita and don't worry about your pants getting tighter!
Enjoy!
if I was ur girlfriend I wouldnt kiss and tell ;
ya, um how long has this been going on?
Oh ok..nooowwwww it might stick.
I can't get on Facebook on my computer, cell internet or app.
FB sucks right now!!
We dnt care wat they think!
everything about this statement.
confuses, yet still makes me proud
The Knicks are without a head coach, under .500,  falling out of playoff contention, yet still have highest tix price 117
Day doctoraming about winning the megamillions feelinglucky?
Hangover?
Guess the afterparty was worth it?
little spring line release party.
free doctornk
Kripy kreme yay!!!!!
Just one for me or my trainer is gonna kill me
RT : Sometimes I'm sexual, but then other times I'm still sexual ;P
im a fedex guy in portland.
If she looks like you i would as well.
:
hi sweetie.
how are you?
hahah noo way!
Your mom brought you food all semester and you didn't give us any!
;
Construction Work on Sunset HWY WB starts today in between Cornell Rd  185th Avenue...
left lane blocked 24/7.
well thank you very much :
Life is meant to be lived: Healthy, Happy, and Free!
thanks for the quick response!
My fav is under 7.
Loreal Voluminous Collagen.
Black, fat tube.
I always go back to it....
RT : Why I love the Internet.
Reason 489.
Being able to share back to back stories about Insane Clown Posse and Crowdfunding.
lol I like the Lakers but when they play with OKC I root for my home team.
There both good teams tho.
I'm sorry...dislike my parents too
Is that supposed to be funny?
After a long day of basketball, couch burning, and celebrating, it's about time to get some homework done
Oh you're excited about Baskett?
Ok, I am...but for other reasons!
LOL Sorry, just in a snarky mindset today!
I say bad things then I feel bad.
But fuck it.
Especially when the person doesn't deserve a sorry.
what?
Moving to Princeton?
Meat.
Eat it.
Love it.
Talk about it.
The Meat Show  today at 3pm Pacific  www.themeatshow.com  Tune in and get your meat on.
haha, thanks!
I read the book for research.
Can't complain about that :
don't nothin in blue wanna kick it wit you
Roger Goodell wow...smack down on Saints!!!
Hottempered people must pay the penalty.
If you rescue them once, you will have to do it again.
my whole this is people saying, Universal has a parade because Disney has one.
UO built mini golf cause WDW...
When you display confidence, others are attracted to it.
Your marketplace is attracted to it.
Your prospects are attracted to it.
Order sent to Jillian in Canada!
one time??
I'm with you!
RT  : Realize I'm prolly in the minority here, but after a hot, sunny summer, I love today's weather.
RT : Shoot!
I forgot to fill out those physical forms!
All I do is study  get HIGH!
Oh  love to get on peoples nerves...
IT wouldnt be me If I didnt Lol!!!
RT Post Xmas exercise regime underway.
Ciara 2  Chocolate kimberleys 20.
Hm...still some way to go
Resting in Raton
fueled by a fake bacon BLT, I'm ready to get down to business with final work tweaking the stylesheet before

the two sexiest men in the NHL on one team.
Swoon!
Yes crowdsource crisis mapping is so important.
Last Mix  Mingle / Annual Topic Brainstorm is 2 weeks away!
Mark your calendars for 5/23 at Hyatt at Olive 8.
See you there!...
Outside Andoctorw Freeman House in the Bronx, waiting for the Easter Egg Hunt
follow bro
I have no friends : K.
The Streets of Old Milwaukee at while visiting my grandparents each spring.
Still love that museum.
earliest
Dont worry, got a few singles coming back from the studio in a week or two!
RT : ; Hurry and release some new stuff!
WTF right now the only channel my tv gets is foxnews.
I don't even have cable.
They don't make lifeguards like they used to.
Lifeguard on break at the Oxford pool had 7 White Castle sliders lined up to eat for breaky.
They have you confused with Edgar Allan Poe.
wtf is that and I want some!
is the only guy I would voluntarily make a sandwhich for ; 3 Followmeaustin?
I am googling time cover right now :
I'll be at the Mira Mesa Town Council Mayoral Forum tonight at 7 p.m.
at Mira Mesa High School!
Come join us
Cliff Martinez is pretty awesome the Traffic soundtrack being another great example.
Burritos for four at goes to...
!
ARE YOU SERIOUS.
I'M BEING SERIOUS.
PLEASE BE SERIOUS.
There is nothing more fun
I've heard the name, but I don't know what it is.
Can you give me the general low down?
All Alone by Fun.
just might be one of my new fav songs..
damn that for showing me this addicting band
Not getting sick, not getting sick, not getting sick
I hate going to bed pissed off.
naw i doubt it
Can't sleep 
Pretty tired of all the fearmongering with severe weather.
I'd like to see an overlay map with future prediction and TV ratings.
Green lights all the way up Connecticut??
Is this real life?
Heart broken over something that hasn't even happened /3
seriously?
You're not kidding that's not good news, especially with Wolf off to such an awful start.
Mad Men up in 2min..
;
Gins and tonics were really nice, as were food items, but it was chilly in the garden.
Missed you.
Hillary Clinton just winked at me...oh the horror...
How is it that everyone my age is either engaged or married???oldconfused
That's great.
Good luck with the move, and we'll see you when you arrive!
Thank YOU!
: Thanks for following!
Ffftttt you'd miss me too much.
Oh, I'm gonna go to friendship tomorrow, by the way.
Most likely
Looks tasty!
Colin and I had a delicious juice last night with ours!
definitely not, she has no
So tired this morning
I got some Remy left and Naw not the hair :
RT : ANNOUNCING: LIVE bands every weekend.
Saturday, come see and No Cover
60 Harvard run to tie the game at 12 with 10:45 to play 1st half.
All 12 points have come in the paint for the Crimson

you get 140 characters.
I think cookieupdates will go over well with your constituency.
ily best friend!!
so miss you!!
OK will play it soon, RT : that's what I wanna hear !!
hope to gd NOT true .
Knew the guy if It's who think it is
BFC loves you Denver.
So proud that this is our roots.
Always.
XO
Victory is always possible for the person who refuses to stop fighting.
lmao I think its best you keep it that way...I can imagine the horrified look on her face if she finds out the real meaning
I followed:
Congrats on your soldout crowds!
We're looking forward to seeing the show!
show ya boy some luv www.youtube.com/ddhdagreat
May I ask why your stick tape appeared to have taint killer written on it?
Good game by the way
You were in Denver today?
Next time would enjoy showing you around Belay.
so excited to see you!!
When do you get in?
Might have to order another DVD just so my love can personalize it.
Hm
fuckin gee rocky you know what the fuck you doin wit the industry you keep it g bitch hahahah no disrespect
Done  those are gorgeous!
aw 3 yay, I dont feel so alone anymore.
I left facebook lol
Haha sorry dude...this is actually the first city I've ever visited after I left
you saw the avengers, please tell me more about how youve always been a comic book fan and how much you hate dc.
doctorms and bass are done.
Working on guitars now.
Should be done either today or sometime on Monday.
Was the Korean in ABQ good?
Did you have Bibimbap?
I have a day off from school here in LA but im not able to come see you guys : Now im just crying with my cats
It's procrastination in all honesty
RT : I want you to be mine..
Who's this guy on Love/Addiction he looks familiar?!
Always laugh that I have to leave the state to actually sleep in!
Hey Falcon!
Congrats and team at for award!
People say that motivation doesn't last.
Well, neither does bathing  that's why we recommend it daily.
Zig Ziglar
Making bracket hand gestures to myself to try to keep track of whether I have matching numbers of  and  in this code.
am i the only one that didnt know and came to Philly?!
I would have gone to see them!
:
y yeen say nun
have you ever tweeted this much in one day?
Just go away.
always do ;
Thanks for the follow
Long day and even longer night
CH.5Evnthgh there may have been some grammatical errors in the translation.
I do not think the police dept failed in mkng hm undoctortnd
Thanks for the follow and support!
Mardi Gras party plans are coming together with Kasana, Great Lakes Distillery, Extra Crispy Brass Band, Do414, and WMSE...
Can't wait!
Tell her to get real.
Then tell her Know thyself.
And if that don't work, tell her to get lost!
No,  and David Beckham are very attractive.
That's all I have to say.
That's what I wanted.We have lots in common.
HurricaneIrene at 115mph Winds.
115mph winds can blow down houses, root up trees and knock out power.
Data Centers should take precautions.
I'd rather have McCann
Lia Would you eva F' wit me??
Real SHIT??
absolutely!
We had a blast hosting this time.
I'm a fan, I don't cover anything.
I like all sports  pull 4 all CO teams, but I'm Broncos 1st, Nuggets/Rockies 2nd, Avs 3rd.
people with moustaches scare me..
They fought hard in Chicago a month or two ago.
Shocked me.
Which players can a casual fan identify?
is the love of my life!
:
Hahah and she's good looking so I don't get it.
A girls got a heart ...
Congratulations to and for winning the inaugural Davin Wilfrid Award for focused, engaged attendees.
Why are you following me?
Thanks, by the way.
;
Movie recommendation is Russell Crowe in L.A Confidential
thanks for the salute!
Your team was great in reserving plenty of tables for my big group!
Well, this is one way to get me to upgrade from Leopard.
sigh iTunes Producer requires a ....
Mac OS X v10.6 or later installed.
Kawhi Leonard is the rookie of the year for the simple fact that he stole the ball away from Kobe Bryant then made a layup.
Birthday in tminus five days!!!!
twitters retarted.
it wont let me log into so now i had to make a new account.
cant upload a professorle pic either.
wtf
yes 50 we will the series
THKS FOR THE FOLLOW
Nice!
MT : 10 of grand opening weekend sales help support the Las Vegas Junior League!
what is that?
Follow They support
We are putting together our spring menu!
Anything you guys would like to see?!
I have been working with Wade for years.
He is great.
Thanks for the retweet.
Hope my pr brings more people to you
i meant Andy btw :p
Poker Face on the radio woop woop
You sold ur home to Ryan Seacrest?!
You should of given it to me!
that's cool keep doing your thing on the gridiron go state!
playing some old school mario ......i heart this pc jajajaj via
We both know that wont happen :
they will choose just one,  then there'll be a lot of bees there.
That's not a million market prefs expressed, tho.
A potato would have outcoached Karl.
RT : And Phil would have outcoached Karl.
Watching this Memphis/New Orleans game.
she is all u tweet about...
im about to unfollow u ;
Some FF love to Twitter homies like , , , ,
show me what my money paid for.
Including feedback.
Or shoot me your lawyer's
Broadway bar tomorrow don't forget,let your friends know about this GGW event!
early arrival is recommended!!
Nigga done ran off w/ the juice  we suppose to b going to the bball court smh
Trying to learn how to Ollie is so frustrating.
good thing that wasn't about you.
:
It's incredible, that, in July, Austin probably won't even remember those who were here in July 2011.
Eventhough he said he wouldn't.
Walking around makes me feel young again.
And old.
Where did 20 years go?
Writing this book has made me wish I could live in Berlin in 1932.
I would be too doctornk to kill Hitler.
Thanks for the mention!
:
Same here.
:/
let's try next time instead of Skype or GoToMeeting :
TX doctorvers have balls of steel, which is scary but also kind of awesome.
My nephew is ill !
How tf did this happen !?

glad you enjoyed getting your firkin fix today!
Just when I think my opinion of humanity can't get any lower.
Shit like this happens.
Left home at 3:30 this morning.
So, yes, it's confirmed...
3:30 am does actually exist.
lol that's allot
no just an tweet why ?
Can't sleep.
Mehh.
My 11:11 wish is for to follow me3 wish to meet him oneday
And you as well!
Dear : W/ a season of funky Aztec prints  brights, you absolutely nailed it w/ your SS12 Black/White trends.
I loved each piece!
at SU12 said she was going.
Maybe she hasn't arrived yet.
Or you've had 1 too many Mai Tais ;
thanks for the mention.
Keep doing Christ's work and sharing your music with the world.
God Bless.
Merry Christmas Everyone!
Cyrus
when are you in Austin till?
ahh girl dave needs to call me : id be the happiest girl alive :
...
take me, pick me.
...Season 1  3 will tell you.
Worst feeling ever?
Being ignored..
I love when guys wear Chucks :
only quibble: archives section isn't working for me
notfunny end of discussion
It is inspiring to hear how different the conversation is around teacher effectiveness today than it was one year ago.
It's a culture shift!
Oh and fooseball!x Ashley
Whaddduuuppp family!
Come check us out while soakin up the sun!
SW 9th and Alder downtown.
disgusting wow...I am shocked by that
It was great to catch up and share ideas with publishing pals exhibiting at OAH12, esp.
since I won't be attending AAUP12 this year.
Does 5 battery remaining on your device send you into tech panic?
Need gameplay programmers w/ 2 years exp for A FPS project In Bay Area.
Sorry, a new app has been generating some spam in my name  turned it off for now.
Sorry about that :
Did you see today's wealth  beauty tips?
What to do when you get a raise?
How to combat cellulite?
See our network page!
RT : Happy Freedom Fighters Friday!
Entire YWCATriangle laid off w/o warning, pay.
Beloved community devastated,  we sti ...
Always work with your voice teacher before the audition.
Performing at j spot tommorrow 830 see u there!
doctornking and thinking with brother Jr, we good ;
Ian even gotta rap, I can just be the hype man, back up dancer, or something
Vince Russo booked the stream for ROH
So which is better, Foursquare or Gowalla?
well you sure woke up in a good mood!
Let me guess, did marcos call you this morning?
Haha
Hey!
You should totally promote confab12 tweetup at Barrio's at 5:30PM.
You can set the doctornk minimum.
:p
opportunities are limitless...

Bikinis should have an age limit and a weight limit.
real talk!
Break up the Cubs!
Like a jerk, I'm doing my taxes the night before the deadline.
Itemizing like a mofo, y'all.
Is there an official hashtag for NLA/NEMA conference this week?
Home with a bad back, logged into my office computer, working remotely.
What's wrong with me?
Heard about Casper from JAMF?
Could solve a LOT of iPad issues like security, classroom mgmt, and app distribution.
ya pick go hard
you can still their your hair up in a ponytail!
Lol
OH U CAN DO THAT HUH!!!
RT : Huhh!!
This squirt I got convo on my TL
yes!
I have a friend that sends her son to a school that doesn't teach reading until kids express an interest.
8  illiterate
thx, have been on extended hiatus  longer than intended, which is just another way of saying ...
I'm lazy.
;
i pity the fool, that falls in love with you.
follow me :
It's like some kind of weird ad.
'If you thought packing was fun, try unpacking.'
Need to write an Creative and Innovation Idea Paper on McDonalds for my writing class.
need some idea...
I feel like I just left rookies ..
But my grandmas coming in today so I'll get a nice tip :
Don't tweet about it .
Be about it :
Same goes for What To Expect When You're Expecting.
Looking forward to it!
:
Oh, and Misty May and Kerri Walsh have gone 5th9th9th at their three tournaments this year.
So there's that.
Thanks for the FF!
Cuffin ruins most relationships.
Because what they use 2 do to get you changes after they got you.
Fuck this final......
i wonder how much that beanie baby collection is worth these days.
i love that president snow was the princess diana one.
We'll let you know if we're doing one!
Even a blind squirrel finds a nut every now n then...still cheering for Denver though
Ya!
Lol I love them!
I got there Cd for Christmas haha
Rock their world!
Sell some holes!
:D
Just talked to a couple of folks who walked the beach during the storm.
PikaChoose 4.0.2 is out.
showcaptainon option added and minor bug fixes.
Also left and right positioned thumb examples in the download!
Take yo ass to bed!
Lol please assume this tweet is for u..
If I downgrade and delete a team member, will his content be deleted or stay a part of my account history?
I hate you so much
When I say I'm stronger than you, I'm not talking about what we can lift.
It's what we can bear.
S/Ok to the OH so BAD!...
Really
secret lovers.
TOURS The Maccabees Announce New York Show
word of knowledge: a supernatural fact you could have not known about another person that is given by the Holy Spirit.
Im On Twitter N Facebook ' Gundown Givins Jus Please Gv Me Sum Feed Bak.
U Cn Leave In N My Inbox Or Tweet Me.
Myb A Num
fucking server mysteriously shuts down and it doesn't seem to be IP related this time
figured out the Windows international characters in user IDs problem for
OMG!!
just walked by at Tiagos!!
And I'm wearing Spurs!!
Yes sir.
Right next to my sculpting desk.
Nothing beats Vincent Price and monsters to get ya going in the right direction :
I'm a little behind, but the Tupac hologram was ridiculously accurate.
Very cool.
More 'Holoshows' to come?
do you get a title ?
Gifboom anyone ?!
!
follow me : im new to this
the way I woke up today 
Oh and One more thing 's CoastToCoast Comes out tomorrow woohoo PreOrdered :D
Slide And Get Me Bra
This room has got to get packed up!
It's on!
too small
Tomorrow it's '80s Night at your humble pizzeria.
Music, prizes, great food and doctornk.
Just don't put baby in a corner.
well I only bought snacks e.e aha soup's good.
EW north carolina.
so disappointed and disgusted in this world.
Looks like I'm in for the night big head
So who's Paige Conway?
I heard Beliebers are hating on her?
:P
Bass is getting did dirty
hey guys!!
Hope y'all had a great weekend!
Good night!!
Can't wait for Happy Hours at 1 pm with
Enjoyed delivering a speech tonite at TPC SUGARLOAF.
Great hosts  great executives!
really Santorum.
he just came out of nowhere and is relevant now after all this time in obscurity.
will see after Iowa
Pho pop up on u st.
Big day tomorrow.
Jumping in and getting our feet wet on a big purchase.
Y do chicks think its cute to have babies out of wedlock?
That is NOT cute!
If I ever need a makeup artist I'll let ya know Haha...
GOLD CHARITY SPOTLIGHT: Mercy Ships operates a fleet of hospital ships bringing hope around the world to millions in need
haha I agree.
nothing!
If he wants to follow you he will!
it's nice to have you at my helm again!
Betcha it will be easier, now that you're smoking less.
really impressed with the new Yahoo mail ymail.
way faster and easier to use, great UI.
I need that lethaweyyyy
Lol me.
I'm gonna be completely lost without Kristin.
Omg
I don't think I've ever wanted somethin more
my 15 minutes started an hour ago
That was really a great movie!!
do you think that due to lack of bid thieves and worthy final at larges that we will see mostly chalk in the first weekend?
Me and are too holy for you 
today i was with this 6 yr old katy while wearing an ib shirt.
kate: why do they spell boyz with a z?
me: because theyre so cool for s
CHICO'S ANGELS music videos filming in four weeks!
The history singers will be performing THIS WEEKEND at the library!
Explore the Music of Mark Twain, Sunday, 3pm.
Don't miss it!
cool thanks for the info.
Have a goodnight handsome.
oh hey guess what I LOVE YOUU GGCGJBCFVFCCVFFGVV
Just told the lil girl on the bus to take a picture u can study it longer lmao just get out my face
Thanks baby; RT wow great hips x
fun  wild adventures...
You have me pegged!
: location independent is the best.
TTY in a couple of weeks!
Track Meeting Tomorroww :
thankk yaa Kelli: in doing some serious promoting with :
If u legal and fckin wit young ass ppl , yeah i cant fuck wit you .
Tell me why I have Bridgewater Pool saved in my phone?
What's up with my phone unfollowing people?
nothing, that's the point though, terrible wireless connection
sorry I was dancing round my untidy room picking up stuff so I can go out tomorrow :' xoxo
Plz ppl get the haters out of ur lifes
Very True.
Miss Kaye and our lady Pack fans really make the HQ great.
Apologies for my illtempered use of murdeme earlier, hadn't had coffee.
But worth noting that world's richest man in Mexican
that's exactly what set me off!
The entire property is obscured by walls, but there's a sign that says casa de shanendoah
Our 5013 application hits the mail today.
Yippee!
Great time at the beach!
Sad to leave.
Gheorghe: The Blog, misleading folks since 2003.
RT : spreading the misinformation :P
Excited about RR HOF for Faces.
Get your asses on a proper tour.
First round on me.
Fu these are so realistic.
I want them to happen to me
RT : Now that I think about it, isn't all rocketing skyrocketing?
We don't really need the sky part, do we?
why just for the night?
Um bitch wasn't with me recycling cans
One we dont have many recievers.
Two our offensive cord is a dumb ass and three we are a run first team.
Ive said it before but its still true.
Greg Popovich might be the best coach in sports.
Glad he got Coach of the Year.
Not gon happen Lbs
Why do all the dweebs hit me up ??/
ItsSadThat when I say I'm forever alone...
I will be til I'm 90 years old.
Love seeing all the tots doctorssed up for the White House Easter egg roll.
My favorite D.C.
tradition.
u really by yourself partying...
the static night air / above cloud clusters wander east / a flood of moonlight
Going to have landscape inspiration Mediterranean style in 5 days....cannot wait for my trip to Israel!
I feel so blessed to be a performing and working actress!
So excited...
I'm working on 2 projects today!!
Mama mia..meatball subs three nights in a row.
Keep 'em comin.
FORCE FED FOR JUSTICE, DOWN YOUR FUCKING THROAT
What credit union has entertainment in the lobby?
so um you should def tryout for the level 4 team in August ;
Haha a police chase with a tank?
Wow
Thx for the suggestions and RT's!
Thanks for checking in with us and !
dope track bruh
wait, isn't one of 's sponsors all about the vibrating universe?
F it I'm on one
Who's going to next week?
Stop by our booth 1117 for prizes, giveaways and demos!
How did I not know Newsies is a broadway show now?
Merry Christmas!
Santa came and my kids are the happiest kids ever!!
Followed by Alicia Keys RT : 57 minutes into Grammys2011.
Six ads w/celebrity faces.
All women.
No men..
Nice..
I actually know that one!
Definitely will check out that album soon!
how deadly was that catch?
That apartment.
I want that apartment so bad.
I want that view  that couch  those throw pillows  those lamps.
I want all of it.
so Chip Kelly is headed to the NFL if Oregon hires Chris Peterson can I convince you to root for the ducks lol
FORGET YOU.
AND FORGET HIM TO.
I'm sorry, I can't afford a Ferrari.
I'm not talkin to no one but ok
Take advantage of some great Fall weather here in South Texas  the hill country.
Have a GREAT weekend!
I wish i can go back to public school
She gave me head....
phones.
just told me she can't even stand her own farts.....
Ew!
If you're visiting Washington DC and you go to a Subway to eat, die.
Just go die.
Dear twitter friends,  babyhorse: thank you for entertaining me on this 6hour flight from JFK to SFO.
nowlanding.
Later gator.
N New Orleans.
Thinking about filming one of my movies here one day.
So much culture!!
Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny.
If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
my buddy and his wife live there
im sorry its cuz ive been holding in my tears since lunch and i guess i just had to..
Now my mom is straight bitching me out.
Freaking Ahmed!
I think it's time for the to find our nxt Curtis Martin.
We need a RB.
Smurfs is cute
Converse set to open a 5,200 square foot recording studio in Brooklyn.
Cool beans.
theeveningjones y'all
Some people don't believe in New Year resolutions.
Like everyone in this McDonald's doctorve thru.
U can rock it like this son!
what's blue?
like blue's clues?
listen to smyd by blood on the dance floor and don't die
why am I a liar
Face Down, Ass Up
Awesome dude !
I imagine Canucks fans enjoyed that quite muchly.

My brother in law is healed!
the found the cause that was making him sick..
it was a bacteria
Groundhog Day doesn't matter in Denmark.
It will always be cold.
Do they make your beds too?
I hope you all have seen the HYFR video.
Won't even call you out in front of all these people...
If you make it far don't forget where you came from cause it will come back and bite you if you do!
Let's score then pack
: Unofficial name of the new DBU baseball stadium...The House That Built doubt that!
That's big time though
Better movie...Gladiator or 300 and why??
are you going to the dog wood festival tomorrow?
Has social media influenced your buying process?
Ozzy's Flying High Again is on your back wall??
Fb dead as hell
Really?
Rain last night!
Such odd weather.
Check out Time Warner Hudson Valley YNN news today.
They did a segment on our Christmas Day soup kitchen.
Call are coming in from all over.
Today I learned Twitter hates ampersands ...
oh my would he love to partake!!!!
Nathan is so excited.
More info please :
lmao hex yea...bro its goin down we gone shut that hoe down lol
Strongly recommend Zoetry in Dominican Republic.
Congrats Marsch's
My phone is better than urs, cause if i chuck it at u it will hurt a lot more than average phones Levin Wat is wrong with him?
yes, stop before it's too late.
A northeaster may have dampened its boxoffice spirits this weekend, but Avatar
Making progress on my left bauzband.
About time, since I finished the right one in July of 2010.
Thanks for the RT!
:
I just ugh im finna go cry!!
It would!
That be amazing!
Its like I love the new Lady A song  I cant wait for the next one next month!
Haha 
Damn right.
And U were born to be a star!
Get in the arena  live your life.
Its journey not the destination that counts.
Just finished Leigh Stein's novel The Fallback Plan and feel blown away.
I got a little weepy on the Bolt Bus.
Can you get me in n out
follow back?
:
I thought everyday was a sunny spring day down there.
The future belongs to the few of us still willing to get our hands dirty
No i dont want to view the photo of the day
RT : diversify your biz to stay relevant during a bad economy.
Agreed.
I do admit that though I have never watched Buffy or Firefly I knew of Whedon.
One look at his name and I knew.
Rockies bring back Giambi
: Comment wins RT: The delay on the screen makes me think a Kungfu fight will break out smcdallas DFWSEM omg lol
Renter: most articles reposited by faculty on the weekends, so commit to answer within 24h, including on the weekends.
Small Expressions, presented by , opens today!
We have free admission from 58pm and happy hour specials at Claire's!
FourFamousWords  We need to Talk
oh yess, we pinned it!
: Does anyone love pizza  wings as much as me?
Ohp, obesity tweet.
Lmao
RT Language is power.
Let's eliminate 'teen prostitute' from our vocabulary and call it what it is sextrafficking of childoctorn
She feels strongly about her cheese.
RT What kind of place has no cheese  they are def not from Wisconsin
every sunday night is the same
Meet me in my doctorams.
Bring a cape.
And a tuba
Saw American Reunion hella funny movie must see!
We're all very excited.
We have some really great new songs recorded so far for the next cd.
I meant with words.
not actions.
We will celebrate outstanding teachers today in the Statehouse.
Thanks to all of my teachers, Tina's teachers, and my kids' teachers!
Agreed.
Ridiculous.
Goal of the year; better than Ronaldo heel.
BaCisse strike pairing  superb.
RT that goal was amazing
So much studying to do.
:/
Yes!
That is the plan.
: I never did it before either.
Was pretty easy, albeit messy.
Congratulations to Rick Telander, , , , and all the LISAGOR winners in sportswriting.
Dis movie is boring.
Mary can't safe me.
Awww...
I miss u too : Congratulations On Graduating We Gone Have To Do Something...
Give peace a chance
no I go to Austin Peay in Clarksville, TN
You have to relinquish that control on a film
Ugh I hate all this fighting that's going on in my life...
Happy EcoMonday to you as well, thanks for the mention!
..and yes there will be a need for more computational rendering for it.
;
Dad's playing portal 2!
Yay!
353 remaining here at the UC!
FINS down 5453...LETS GO!!!
fearthefin maconmadness TIME TO RISE UP AND FINISH!
how was your honeymoon?
I have tickets to see you in Cleveland.
Mike
ha!
I'll even fly the pussy to me!
Final preparations underway....
We're heading for Kentucky for bourbonchase tomorrow.
DailyHookahTip97: To properly clean your hose, grab one end and spin it around your head like a helicopter until the debris is all out.
I'll always be your girl no matter who gives me free chipotle.
Promise.
sometimes i love them so much it hurts but other times i just have no feelings wtf
We find that at the Archives!
RT : I think everyone loves behind the scene 'secrets', that's why I got interested in museums
Aww, thanks :.
I definitely needed instructions to accomplish all those things, however.
I need more Followers
Only in L.A!
On Shahs of Sunset,  billionaire client Mohamed is building a 60,000,000 home and they're using prefabricated fireplaces.
sigh I liked the old Twitter better.
All this junk on the left is no good.
Plus, I miss the conversation speech bubble.
:
Basketball Tournament, Magic Show, Live Music, Boxing much...
much more!
My right side of my head hurts.
lol good idea
you are certainly not a hard person to find ;
Wish I could enjoy these nice days without my shitty sinuses...
gah!
I've had that done.
Icky painful and all that.
Just may be the BEST keylimepie I have ever made!
TonyOprahChat I am past coach for Tony and would love to connect with other coaches and/or consultants.
We had awesome network/sharing.
bitches get on my nerves youknowwhoyouare!!
You should send me a post card with all your spare change : Skype tonight?
Everytime I think about what the next 4 6 weeks have in store for me I freak out a little.
It's exciting.
Come join us for diner tonight!
We look forward to seeing you :
Pickup Line: Hey baby, will you be my love buffet so I can lay you on the table and take what I want?
CCT professorssors, doctor Linda Garcia and doctor Kim Meltzer are presenting now on Developing Research Questions in the CCT lounge ...
Thanks for your reply!!
What types of people make up the interactive team?
i hate burning my fingers with the flat iron 
Milwaukee vs.
Butler Tonight 8 p.m.
U.S.
Cellular Arena  Live on ESPN...Winner dances on to the NCAA tournament...Believe!
simpler question: Is it OK to have a cookie?
Answer: Always.
Thank you, Tom, and all.
Piacere !
Social skills training, vocational help for adults/teens on spectrum, sometimes medication can help with sensory.
At the TTI/Vanguard re:Learning conference.
Lots of discussion of how STEM education can be furthered in the States.
What a good idea  I have a few events I could use my own clothing sponsors for.
Started posting wish list on Pinterest :
Nope, tonight I was on the high home plate camera!
If you'er a tattooed women, call the Scotty Davis show on FLZ 18004099393...need to run somthing buy u!
my first one took about 4 weeks, my 2nd 3 months.
what are you using to clean it?
:

the spital wit my old dude  I must say deez senior citizens r fukkin over deez spring chickens I want sum of dat widow money
I LOVE MY FOLLOW professorVOR Thank you for your
hey.
I can't sleep either.
What's up?
Who's up for some Freestyle Friday?
Share your favorites!
Finally home!
It's a great feeling :
If you're not part of the solution...you're part of the problem.
Why so many missing adults and nobody seems to care?
you sure havent.
anytime!
Thanks for a great session!
Dont know if I wanna listen to my mom scream for Kobe and World Peace!
They can do no wrong.
Meanwhile poor Shaq gets every time he appears.
Thank you
En route to Vancouver
Correct but traditionally locals handle road closures.
yes he was
shouting out Flotsam Childoctorn's Transmedia Storytelling at

single taken waiting for someone not to break my heart:
dont be gay, get a tattoo today
Only 2 days left, may as well try and make the most of em, lol joke I have to revise for ICT
They say a year in the Internet business is like a dog year..
equivalent to seven years...
it's evolving fast and faster.
Vinton Cerf
Beautiful day for a run in Central Park.
Then get to watch The Masters while I work, not a bad day.
Looking for a unique  yummy gift for mom?
RT 1 day left10 off on Spring Floral Cookies for Mother's Day!
fb.me/IQRDjGPD
what kind of footage made final cut?
1pm USMNT v Italy Viewing Party
Why am i so pussy to talk to women .
fml
I did, and passed it on.
Thanks!
I might go visit you this coming week!!!
Plans for the Los Angeles SLAM Basketball Academy completed  launch date is Sept 1, 2009.
Pro Bball Training  Skills Development 4 youths
I'm sure youd love that 
So you are one of those Twitter tough guys huh?
Londonup!
has now joined the Diversity Platinum program.
Go to www.londonup.com for more details
Everything worked well on my iPad.
Looks great too!
RT Good luck to all you still trucking along w/me.
Congratulations to all of you who have made it!!
Woot!
If you have great Content they will come, and if you don't, they won't.
lol that made me sound so creepy...
Why do you leave your computer on at night?
You don't leave your car running while you sleep.
not sure but it's some time at the beginning of May.
haha that sucks
Back at it again...
and I are on the way to photograph Jason  Ofelia's wedding!
Cant wait to see the avengers tonight
RT I would like to distribute your product in Canada.Who can I speak to?
TY !
we are sohappy you like our product!
Wow, that sucks.
Is there an announcement somewhere?
Can't find it.
Trying to find out why.
Playing doctorw something with cute girls
Picture day and I have really bad razor burn.
HappyEaster, world!
Easter brunch with several families we're close to.
Ready to stuff my faccee.
lol this guy
are you kidding me?
how did i get so damn sick!?
VooDoo respond quickly with a touchdown pass from Rocco to WR Josh Bush.
Game tied 6161.
You heard her.
Be there!
;
I'm going to go with NO...
THAT'S DISGUSTING!?
The world is moving so fast these days that the man who says it can't be done is generally interrupted by someone doing it.
follow back so I can DM you.
Fuck dude thats not the way to talk to a grl....
Right!
Yes!
library construction messing up the call numbers in the Euro history section
Fuck the idea of a relationship.
They don't work.
I just want to have fun.
TimeOfOurLIVE Get this trending!!!
were you telling me you knew of a good home BP monitor?
If so, what do you recommend?
This plane connects to Denver.
I've never been there.
Thank you for the RT dear!
We have a crush on librarians.
That might work.
What will happen when I go there?
I will check it out!
Everything's ok, my dads been sick.
It's been a long winter.
Thanks for asking!
Congrats on ur thesis!
Graduation day ahead!!!!
Great spring day.
Sunny, warm, beaches full, water clear and warm.
Love it!

keeping cool / in the deep night / strangers on a bridge haiku Chiyoni
Thanks for coming  sharing your pix!
At the game tonight.
Matt Moore and Brian Matusz.
What pitcher gets there ERA below 5 first?
Last Research Paper for the year!Almost done
All good no worries, I just wasn't if you knew and thought you might like it, if you can't get it all good : 
We surely perish for the lack of knowledge...
WW kindness and happy tweets from my twitterfriend 
woowoowoo you are the best!
Good luck tonight!
You rock!
TD has stopped working on my Andoctorid tablet.
Also, does not sync colunms with Windows version.
Any ideas?
Its been a cold day in the field.....is that's why its named cold calls:
So yea...
I'm almost at 24k..
And when I get there I'm gonna post a really random funny video of me and one of my baby cousins..
Wahhhhhhh!
follow me plz
Yumm....
thanks for sharing, and Happy Friday :
we run a 50 freeroll daily for everyone RT : Why are all DailyJoust freerolls for new players only?
score!
Thx much.
pretty interesting.
Not surprising
One place understood helps us understand all placesEudora Welty
New life goal be able to play Ratatat's 17 years on the guitar.
Yea it's 2:30 and I'm doctornkin so f off
I swam in the ocean today; I had forgotten how amazing it feels to be tossed around by the waves.
Mother Nature, take the wheel.
Ah such a good concert!
Great artists!
My hour and fifteen minute class just got out in ten minutes
I've really had a good day : was outside about 75 the whole time
I don't look in the past to correct wats goin on now, u either with me or u get left behind, and I will leave u
At the dine in theater amc about to see Paranormal Activity 3
I love having my hair long and all but doing it is such a pain.
thanks!
finally figured out sibelius!
Good to know if I get stuck...
heading to Sunny San Diego on Thursday!
Basically my whole family but me got Jason Aldean tickets for tonight
Kte I just wouldnt take tou as a short rib taco or Kogi Hot Dog kinda gal, best shit or not.
I've seen the truck
lol right right
Cauliflower is my new potato.
im like a bat, i sleep all day and come out at night
it's so picturesque!!!
I love it.
Cross a few creeks, yeah  a couple little shacks
Have a new found appreciation for sour candy...
The slight kick of sourness keeps me awake in class.
And its yummy!
Ajua!
RT : Tribute to the one and the only Selena.
Texas music in the house!
Ajua!
My mom gets me bent so I just kd her ..
Keep my sister out yer filthy dino mouth, FB!
You daggum troublemaker!
BTW, do you have any free tshirts?
KG shooting a jumper near the 3 point arch would have been better than the Rondo jumper.
FT's and turnovers are killing the C's.
Today's affirmation: I trust that the universe will always meet my needs.
Yes!!!
Please school these ppl.
RT : And this is why I'll be writing a Fan Questions: Don't Be That Guy piece before SDCC.
lmao!
I luv taco spot hopping.
Except RS she's a bitch out here and won't tell me where anything is at ;
's life span
I think highered needs to put limited resources into channels that deliver maximum results.
Google doesn't cut it, IMO.
I'll be sure to keep an eye out for a fellow Texan at NACE12!
I have a few disposable cameras that my kids must have used many years ago.
I wonder the same thing.
Photos of tiny thumbs?
: that was live...thank you in yodaspeak: wall of sound and sonics you are thank you for making the night!!
I was a finish line attendant for the Capital Challenge.
Collecting bib numbers because they don't use chips
dud wtf so you guys went to a diff party?!
and doctornk?
no problem thanks for your support
you're welcome and thanks for the laughs!
Learning about the creativityhabit with Yes I am multitasking on a communication addiction medium.
Kundera.
The Farewell Party  so much lighter, so much frothier...and, yes, so much more serious
Fuck this bullshit!?
People r getting on my fucking nerves with all this doctorma bullshit!!
Ah
misterD's Tip of the Day:When choosing paint colors for the exterior of your home go with lighter colors.
Darker colors fade faster.
Ill always love you , forever a Mahomie 3
looks good, im definitely getting some coffee from BG's when i come this weekend!
:
secret :D
; like why can't i hold conversations or crack funnies w/ people via twitter!?
Isnt it what's its for right!
it is an social network.
we should!
I'm gonna continue my life, doctorma free because youur no longer involved.
So, who do you think will go home on Idol tonight?
I'm thinking Lauren.
Love that song!!!
Fuck it, i was completly fine till today
A 140 character count confines  unintentionally obfuscates.
All I wanted to say is I enjoyed the accountability  conversation.
May i say please, sources of abuse r ugly; an UPforearm across the nose might help
I prefer oak ridge over jones
anytime dear!
xo :
just waking up lub u homie send ne the pic of me and nova you took last night
Yea like Justin Bieber would ever follow me he doesn't even know I exist..........
But never say never
Kevin Green RockTheReTweet enough said
Eating Cookies Cookies Cookies Cookies: Or also known as Oreos!!!3
Thanks bro!
o stop it qt u r 2 sweet
Thanks for the follow, looking forward to seeing your tweets.
One of us is originally from Rolla MO.
Go Cardinals!
I wonder what thinks of all his MahoneBodyParts having twitters ?
hello to you too!!
10 more days till Catchers and Pitchers!!!!
YANKEES!!!!
does you picture blink or is that just my phone?
The average Israeli makes 15x as much as the average Palestinian, yet in 2005, the US gave Israel more than 2.6 billion in aid.
Awesome!
I collected milk ads in the '90s, but I blame youth and bad taste.
Will def hold on to Newsweek issue awhile.
I just love going to Good Records.
Favorite record store on Dallas :
Season premier of The Office tonight.
You know its gonna be awesome
M, I can see why the birds like it!
OMG YES.
And that diaper!
That was the scariest thing ever.
And we straight booked it back to your house lol
I don't care what you think about me, I don't think about you at all
is doctorving through the Artichoke Capital of the World.
lol...that is an awesome background on your twitter homepage
workfinish my work go go go
Star gazing would be cute.
Take me?
she is my little lol
Andino Fuck You!!!
Oh what the hell, let me watch the Spurs game.
:
I wonder when people will realize I remember everything you say to me.
Good and bad.
Apparently on the 1st day of tour, I said I love my Horse Feathers an' I get 'em where they need to go.
It's been quoted every day since
Did you find a job?!
Almost blew up the bus rocking out some fire works.
look for video soon!!
Adobe Muse is InDesign for the web.
My prayers were answered.
Get the Beta version to try out.
I know you are finished.
You were fin before you got started.
Go put your head on your Dawkins pillow and have a good cry.
That's excellent.
My packing routine involves methodically packing electronics, followed by frantically stuffing clothes into a duffle bag.
Welcome new followers: , Like us on Facebook.
Anuptaphobia Sucks....
it keeps me up at night.
Too busy to breathe, but I AM gonna run
Big XO to my partner
is there stuff for him to do dealing up to July 4?
I Would Probably Bang On The Door until Keisha Comes Like What U Want?
Thats when I jump in the bus  find Princeton room
Dog is the Mullins, SC socalled Dalmatian  the white one that looks mostly bully but with faint spots.
Still not approved.
totally working on it ; I just gotta get a couple nails tomorrow to get the pictures on the walls, then I'll take some ;
thanks Amanda for the support and follow I hope to get to pittsburgh one of my good friends lives there checkout
Young.
I really think that's pretty much it.
I picked up some new linens for food photos today...I'm super excited about the colors!
yea buddy
Sure didn't know that its such a nice weather outside and I've been in my apartment the whole day.
Mine is mental exhaution as well as personal.
:
You're the sweetest, Courtney!
So much for sleeping late oil burner problems GO GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
Tired of the constant Apple probs.
That final was easy.
that's a wrap!
Principle shooting is done for the video of 'The Media Taught You That'.
Thank you to everyone that worked with is today!!
Go to setting and click your username thingy or professorle !
:D
Selling steak with the Myles Hayes Trio at the Chicago Firehouse.
7pm.
I'll house you The Jungle Brothers 1988
OMG!!!!
Things are getting crazy!!!
And may I say that scene was actually pretty frightening!!
are you teasing us crystal?
thanks for the follow, go checkout out website !
Watching adaptation.
Ugh my stomach hurt I guess I ate more than I can bargain :
do you see me at the airport?
looking forward to being there..added how to write a 250k proposal in 2 hours to 2nd day's content
HopSlam Carrot Cake anyone???
I use Google Maps street view to take a look at the location of historic photos several times/day.
It usually provides depressing results.
In those brief revelatory moments a new woman was emerging and the healing of a bruised and tarnished soul was manifesting itself.
I see you keep up the good work.
This game is a non stop grinding process...
I call BS.
You my friend are a Lyre
After all my years on this planet, Im still learning how not to let my pride get the best of me :/
Became an Aunt today  I'm in Myrtle Beach with
hopefully the Mariners can eventually sign or find some protection behind Montero.
Yay to the tech team
It does feel good.
I haven't been this size since college around 1983.
Good luck to you!
damn didn't know you ever went to that,anyway are you going to pull another allnighter for no reason at all haha
When summer hits, there is no stoppin me.
I can promise u that lol
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
If robots celebrated Labor Day....
would love to!!
Let's plan for the next two weeks?
welcome back!!!
: If 1 mo person tell me I look like Melo ima go look for LaLaLOL BOI who u tellin I get I look like lil Wayne everyday!!
It's the best day ever: Taco Tuesday!
We won't judge how much you eat at our lunch buffet for just 8.95!
what u doing tom night for the game?
NEWS Campus gas leak repairs are completed, free laundoctor will be gone tomorrow, campus email explains.
Love how they don't bleep a 70ish tearing marine on FOX news that's FaF
Bad boys ain't no good, good boys ain't no fun...wth, that's such a lie accepted as truth!
We're celebrating National HIV Testing Day by offering 2 for the price of 1 HIV testing.
Call us at 877411TKNO for more info.
HEEEEYYY!
How are you?
Know any good wine bars in Rome you'd recommend serving natural wines?
what is up with Pujols?
Stress is the opposite of freedom
So I realize I'm a day late and a dollar short, but this switcharoo episode of Glee is weirding me out.
The link in my bio explains how to be in it, if you have any questions just ask me :
O my goodness this movie just got really freakin creepy
S/O to Triple OG ForeverFly supporter
Vernon Davis is the MAN!
Will do thanks!
Just was curious
Apparently not enough according to the Energy Sec.
Only following cause I like content :
the girl has numerous properities and houses here in Australia and millions of her own money!
Just sent information to all DHSIColloquium presenters.
Can't wait for DHSI2012!!
On this PresidentsDay we recognize the men who have led our great nation and we commend them for their admirable service to our country.
Accidentally created a recursive tag structure in SVN.
My day will consist of cleaning that up.
dont u just hate doctorams like that...
Or I could pull a Lil B.
Jul J
Bring your friends and come to the FFL to see The Help tonight at 630!
took me a while to realize conservatives were upset about derrick bell, not derek bell
ADAM ROdoctorGUEZ ON THE DOCTORS AMDBFHDKDTJRLELRKSS.ILRUDDGLOLFGMSVS HE IS SO FINE
Put that bra on for me, baby.
Can't believe no one is talking about yet another Buzzcut at

To bring out your best, avoid using sarcasm, silence or secrecy to keep others from knowing you.
GeminiTip
Tomorrow!
REPHILS!
REPHILS!
REPHILS!
Groundhogs day Celebration  SCC GA!
Free RePhils of doctorp coffee, with receipt.
Stop on up!
Smells like fall, feels like summer, AND it's Friday?
AND it's October??
AND the Tigers advance???
And the Lions play Monday night????
If Texans stay healthy, they could very well win it all.
Or at least make it to New Orleans
She was way ahead on this story, deserves the prize.
MT: , 24, wins Pulitzer for coverage of Penn State sex abuse scandal.
Recording Forever  Afters new song...
Don't Look Back almost there!
I'm up to 80 degrees on my knee brace!
Find out Thursday when surgery is.
Working late.
No fun.
Now welcoming and RT.
Chaminade might just beat Oklahoma.
That'll be their sixth win ever in the history of the Maui Invitational tournament, I believe.
Many Thanks for the uploads.
Cheers, Love!
I know right?
I'm getting M lego figure ones for his birthday too!
Integrated Marketing summit Oct.8 Bringing thought leadership to kcmo.
Today is a good day for sst...nyc and big oppurtunities await us...let the fun begin!!
I moved to this city a Hurricane Katrina evacuee with nothing.
Look where my family and I are today.
Love isn't easy.
Its a game of give and take
I am hungry as fuck !
No food at the house either 
updating the look of my twitter page
Cuz through the doctorma I can always depend on my mama 3
RT : I highly suggest the wings!
SYP:Thanks for the support!
See you soon.
: Losing Larry King  Rick Sanchez in the same month...CNN dead.
Oh wait, it already was?
Dear people hating on Paul.
See that red x in the corner of your screen.
Press it please.
Stop being pathetic.
Thinking about
have a great weekend!
Happy hour!
yes love, it's working and going straight to iTunes.
L.A., CA
woah...
i hugged that
please follow me, thank you.
Knock has become an official sequel to Rising.
Funny how those things happen.
JO
Just left Quinet's Court Restaurant in New Martinsville for Easter Buffet!
I may not need food again until election day.
Stuffed!!
Did you get anything good at Hobby Lobby?
I visited Parris Island with my sister.
I'm sorry brother, one will come soon trust
It's kinda awkward when your just chilling in your living room with you parents and a commercial for vibrators comes on :
i love mister.bev she got misterdonuts!!!
Pass it this wayy!
Ill pass minez GrapeApemistericeGuySkunk OG time to fuse!
RT : Juss Rolled A Fatty For Me N
girl bye!
I'm on top of the world and it's amazing 
I'm just happy anyone else is wearing sneakers.
200 mph is starting to feel normal now.
Do that man RT : Sounds good.
I'll keep in contact
USAirways can't fly into DC because of fog, but Delta can.
Strange.
So if ANYBODY talks about my Lakers losing tomorrow , they're getting cut off !
Missy Elliot Is By Far The Hottest Female Hip Hop Artist In This Game Right Now...To Me!!!
Can't Wait For Her To doctorp The New Album!!!
from Madison Media Institute is attending smbmad ford.
These guys know media.
Hope you enjoy the presentation Rich
Friendly reminder: do not wear perfume to any kind of audition.
For any job interview.
Actress cleared the room out today.
Migraine anyone?
I'm still working on jewelry and I sell before I can put it on I love it!!!
I'm making a special line for my sisters
I'm not a beast babygirl imma fukin creature....
Thanks for the follow love to send you samples of our new Just DM me your addoctorss!
Stupid boys dont know how to make up their minds.
You dont get both girls, bro.
You get one or the other.
You're pathetic.
I'm out : I prefer shallow women....
vaginally speaking
we'll go together.
I want 8 oz!!
It's most definitely what she said.
lol!
Goodnight to my amazing RusherFamily iloveyou guys!!
Wouldn't be right if I didn't wish my parents a happy 31st Wedding Anniversary...
Beautiful thing man, beautiful thing..
Happy Groundhog Day we need more winter snow
I through in a bit of Jesus Childoctorn of America and he went down like Frazier...
we need them numbers lol RT : Almost at 2000!
We feel semi special!
aikido?
i like it!
have you ever doctorlled Blauer's SPEAR?
It is a great concept for CQB and a great bridge to your next move!
Fed up with your auto repair bills?
We save you money on your insurance through the internet.
well now I have the tools here..can fix in a few hours..getting all in one spot has been the pain..never your phone
I looked at coverage that related this case to larger issues: patter  practice by Sanford police
Whoa don't forget the astute professor Derrick Bell.
Probably started smiling!
my sister is such a copy cat
Trademark Research Analyst?
Boring!
From now on, I am The Trademark Cowboy, herding trademarks through open USPTO Federal database pastures.
You've got to see Thunder Knocking on the door playhouse in Park.
Acting music..the guitar players and doctormmer are awesome!
Hey and  check out 's avi.
That's what the dude on the shirt looks like up close.
YOLO is actually the reason why you SHOULDN'T be doing a lot of these things people tag it with.
Heading to Kansas City MO for Corporate Acceleration Training.
nahh she dont!
no one does.
and never will 333
not like a doctornk or eggroll.
That would be messy.
Austin is getting so big, awh.
u in town??
I'm doing my best!!
And the winner is....
, thanks to all that participated!
To the winner Please DM us your shipping info!

Sergio from UNMC here!
We met at CT2011.
Good to see you
Waking up next to youu 
We just finished 6 weeks man.
Loved every minute of it.
How do you get to where it's consistent?
we would LOVE a class on digital marketing!
Ashley!
Whats up?
How you been?
Wow, one BIG diff between Seattle and Phoenix is the brightness and color.
Yep she's super talented!
I want some!
: So Are Those Jordan's Gone Sell Out Tomorrow?
Little Brat and Selling Knives to Jesus are submitted to DC Shorts Festival.
Looking forward to seeing us on IMDB.
not to rush u guys at all but i hope my phone gets a call in a second cuz im tryed of watchin these hicks.
Good luck and at x games!!
Nick Can i Ask youh a Question it's an ICONic Question :D Plz : :ILYNickMara3
Ah, so you gotta call me out like that now?
I see how it is.
I see...
lol
Rub it in, why don't you, ?
Still, we're enjoying Austinlike weather in DC.
I'll console myself w/ a breakfast burrito tomorrow.
We will serve ice cream  sorbets at kettlehill!
Content is king.
Data is king.
Viewer is king?
Three different opinions
I don't know what HIV advocates you have talked to but we are spreading knowledge about
PPI's or proton pump inhibitor acid blockers associated with increase risk of
RT : Sabrina the Teenage Witch would have lasted about five seconds at Hogwarts.
Dancing.
Japanese.
Sperm.
I cannot even with this right now.
About to eat some fake chicken
I have the HUGEST crush on I've been watching Beyond Survival all evening, perfect night off.
Just ordered my first pair of audio cubes from !
Looking forward to playing with them
the awkward moment whenu think the worst thing is gonna happen to u and then it does
Yes, wish me luck!
Same to you too.
Always be true yourself
yeah...saltwater finally got to the F5 and the M4P had recently been doctorgged by a horse for no less than a million miles.
hold on judge I gotta secret document for you to read...
FIF
Which is what I'm doing right now.
Look out for another safety here...
If he RTs your RT of his RT of you, an angel dies.
Flying to DC for work.
Of all days...
very somber feeling in the terminal.
Even tho i really need a bigger studio space to record a rock band for the beat but ima work w/ what the Lord has blessed me with
u proly wont believe me cuz im not andy but he says they dont tell their religion cuz it shouldnt matter
thank you for doing that this morning 3
Young Hoes pushing 85yr old Men around in Wheelchairs talking about they in Love..
That aint Love, you waiting on him to Die!
AlphaOut.
This alpha needs to recharge for a day at the beach.

Thank You Giannina!
Appreciate the Love!
Spotify distracts me more than anything.
But I can't focus without listening to a good song, so...
Clyde Stubblefield's health is fading.
He lives in Madison, WI.
Reach out 2 him.
You have benefitted.
Congratulations Jesse, Chris and Aric!
Welcome to the college graduate club!!
They still make them.
I see women wearing them as outerwear at scifi conventions all the time.
Genital ulcer diseases like herpes can occur in all areas of the genitals, even if covered by a latex
Lol!
I didnt know so many ppl arent fans of Confessions for walking music...I will update my Zune :
Hey, did you make the birthday video for Ryan?
I can't stand her
Anybody on bfc??
Good luck to all those running the Lakefront Marathon this weekend!
I just meant, do you feel like our social media is connecting you with the museum?
That is our goal.
You!
WE LOVE YOU MORE
Happy birthday
haha, actually, she probably was!
Wow...
the best review on natural breast enlargement produtcs  Amsterdam Zuidoost
Check out my facebook for cool bike pictures.
Road to Sturgis.
Become a fan too!
What is your username?
no problem!
We will be giving away a FREE twosome to Sanctuary in a few hours!
Back home...really tired...so over doctorma
i /3 cigars
That's great news.
Now, extend the delivery area north by about 1/4 mile and I'll be a regular delivery customer.
You better watch your back.
Great to see everyone at the GREE party last night, thanks for coming by!
dose Yates position remind you of Tom Brady when bledso went down
Bill murray during this cubs game
As are most things in life.
Ill leave you with those words.
Goodnight squirt!
fiesta with Celebrating with a taco salad!
fuck summer;; skip that shit and go right to winter
doctorg ballad is hands down one of my favorite Em songs
thanks for the follow
Hey !
Guess who I had lunch with...
Ready to be jealous?
It was Yep, yep!
She's an amazing woman.
That showed how the Brewers feel about Soriano.
Creative sex 
Headn to the fair
Lol He said cuffin a go is a no no.
lol He not never lyin tho
lol so...
Tim Burton's Alice in Wonderland...?
Horrible Day today, so I got a manicure to compensate
with a streamlined notice and takedown process, infringement online would be greatly reduced
Sign up for Harriet Fulbright College's Teaching English as a Foreign Language Certificate Course and travel the world or find a job at home
You are too kind, that means everything to me.
He's actually wearing a shirt that is too big.
What is this nonsense?
Thanks for spreading the word about our flash fiction contest!
I hope you enter.
I don't agree with very often..but he is right this the media's fault.
Voters do not care about this stuff.
One Of The Best Songs On Take Care Is Cameras.Its Problems Bitch Ass Hoe.HoeGoHam.Problems Bitch.
I'm sorry :' follow my GF and I can tweet sometimes from hers
What is the world coming to?
Big Deal: Russians Court Luxury Real Estate With RecordBreaking Sales The real estate market in the United States may still be slumping,
I'm doing good..
Just got down from the mountain!!
I'm exhausted :
Did mosquitoes get placed on the endangered species list?
This insectless Wisconsin summer is kooky awesome.
I guess I'm over 40 and tryin' to be cool.
Love hangin' at 720
It will be a good game!
Although Kentucky obviously has it in the bag.
ah okay.
sorry, i don't see anything else there.
there are some email addoctorsses you could try in the pdf?
I was happy with her choice i just wonder if she will change her mind next season.
What did u think?
Check out the Brand New video www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes
just busy with school  getting ready for an event tmister.
Nutella for breakfast anyone?
new bakery at 16th and Penn in Penn Arts looks lovely for cupcakes!
Somebodies being a HATER THEY FLAGGED MY VIDEO...
Irony is: no one wants the Blue Line and that's all that's available.
Thanks for the retweet, Ms.
Rudd!
Forget that DQ blizzards do not refreeze well ...its like eating freezer burned ice cream
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted pay checks.
please send good luck wishes to our salyardsbengals for their STAAR tests next week!
You're welcome!
Have a terrific weekend!
thanks so much!
God bless!
Hey guys if you are on Twitter, you need to be following your favorite new break out band!
I may not be the cutest, smartest, or steongest, but at least im me and i dont pretend to be someome im not meant to be.
Hmm I will:
No fuckn fair!my mom's boss get them court side seats!
Can't I fit in her bag?
whoa whats that?
makeawish you goofy bastards.
Don't be selfish.
This thing on my toe is burning so bad...
i have over 6,000 views!
I'm loving the site!!
so much talent!
What?
1I'm not married.
And 2I was talking about Big Bird.
Now had I mentioned Snuffleupagus, that would have just been dirty!
went to the target commerical thing:
I need to see you really soon!!
imissyou 
: Why would he only work out for Denver today?I bet Elway has contract with him.
I'm sure Contract is in hand
getting iTunes charges 4 Justin bieber LOL
: Wow Prater....you kinda sorta suck.
Can't wait to move  get out of this city and be
Just ran my first  app after a long day of fighting with Oracle products.
now we've been stuck on the Tarmac for 45 minutes!
Cont.
They bark as good Old Saxon as may be, / And in more variety than we.
Summer's Last Will and Testament comps12 2/2
Tonight at Sports, don't miss 3 Bacardi and Jim Beam!
story this morn the motorcycle cruise for Ronald McDonald house....pretty cool to see over a thousand bikers in leather ride out for kids
That awkward moment when you ask a midget what they wanna be when they grow up..
love u 2
yea I'm a fan
Why does every status have to be about your freaking boyfriend?
Live, Work, Create.
Got rid of my septum piercing only gauges tattz on me
trying not to think o the amount of work i have to do tonight.
Good Morning and Happy Monday!
Did you take time off for the holidays?
Linkfest CODE4LIB precon filled up.
Can't register.
Don't care.
I'd sit on the floor to work on my LOD with available to assist.
thanks for the followback Steve.
Have a great weekend!
: I randomly WolfPackDance around my crib because of 
Does anyone want me to market their website FOR FREE, going once, going twice
Fun fact: 118 NBA players took an SI survey on who the dirtiest player in the league is.
KG tied for second w/ Artest.
Reggie Evans got 1st
Hey Chicago!
Fight cold with cold...with fro yo!
Try the new cherry tart:
My zombie novel The Dying Times is now free on Amazon, too.
Retweet if someone you know may want it.
I'll find the link when not on iPhone
Follow back?:
follow back?!:
his catch phrase is stuck in my head.
Must make the call.
Hi first saw you off the tv movie Confessions of a GoGo Girl, you're amazing!

Beautiful sight 
The fact that there is a fictional universe where Pete Campbell could be juggling Annie Edison and Rory Gilmore seems incredibly unfair.
maybe not...
I know we were, and we do!
:
Ah Just woke up...think ill eat ramen 4 brealfast...
Congrats to for becoming our 300th follower!
WOO!
Sitting on your bed, thinking of one person and remembering all those memories and then realize that they might never happen again..
I hate baseball.
Nice way to end the half tarheels!
Keep it up in the second.
Wild day for sure!
Let me get out here in these streets.....
somebody payin to much attention to me lol jk
Everyone loves GEEBZ RT : I am so HAPPY to be back HOME in GREEN BAY,WI!!!
I actually did re read it again buddy...lls
Giants vs Cowboys tonight.
THIS!
RT : I think sand people is like midget now.
They prefer Tusken Raiders.
Not enough time in the day to get the small things done in a day?
comes to the rescue!
Invisible Heroes OPENS TONIGHT!!
Online sales are done.
Tix avail at the door.
Studio/Stage 520 N.
Western Ave.
Los Angeles, CA 90004 8pm!
RT Hey no new taxes Tea Baggers, what ya gonna do about GE paying less taxes than those lost jobs
NowFollowing ..!!!
As real as it gets...
Video of tonight's game winning buzzer beater is coming.
I just reached 666 people I'm following.
Will Twitter finally let me follow Satan?
I hear he posts phenomenal recipes.
I miss seeing the ShootUsDown videos when Austin  Alex lipsync to songs.
Get to game 7 Wed.
Call 5032364295 and ask for the friends and family rate.
15 for lower bowl, 10 upper
Idk wht I would do without my mom
If you don't know what I'm talking about then bitch don't comment family or friends!
Ugh
Would love to set something up :
Great games going on this weekend in a city, state, and town near you!
I LOVE YOU BBY!
Wish all my homies lived in LA too
:D thank you.
but I want the real deal.
Haha 3 i miss you very much and I wish I could hug you right now
Super 8  Super Great!!!!!
If you are anything like most of the people I speak to in my own consulting business, the truth is,
MBM BAGS FILLED UP WITH FACES
Wondering how these will relate to the Video Round Table fair use study and Video At Risk study on irreplaceable VHS material
Great job the TSA are doing.
They got this terrorist fair and square!
It's a beautiful, cold day in Atlanta.
Enjoy d cold  d sunshine peeps ;
..!
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
My brother just recorded me kirkin on him so he could show my mom .
who does that ?
It was so good to meet you all last night; let's share some tequila again soon!
you too buddy!
Lol!
I gave it up bro lol!
RT : I knew was hittin them NBA camps.
I heart movie nights!!!
Plus yummy foods!
life is grand!
Happy Easter Evening!
Feel free to continue the ypnchat all night long if you'd like!
We hope to put out a transcript of the chat by tmister morn.
i know tis is probably out of the blue but how many ppl sent a pic or mes.
for the scrapbook you were makin??
The combination of MLBatbat  opening day fever broke me down.
Now if only gameday batter box and the game audio would sync properly.
I kno my mama was doctornkin heavy wen she carried me cuz Im a lil off but Idgaf, so dont u judge me or my mama
Yea Im shooting for 12 brews a week for the next 7 weeks before the comps.
that's cause told us all yesterday
Stanford defense is top 80 in country  is causing UMass problems in half court, but they're out of control on fast break.
Need to breathe
Hey Tiffy here, wishing you an amazing weekend : Much 3 always!
way to no show us today.
Thanks
If I die tomorrow, all I'll look forward to is seeing my grandmother again, finally.
3
hahah I love you, I'll see your amazing face tomorrow ; ha goodnight 3
Today is a day to rejoice.
New episodes of are back!
Considering I slept 16 hours last night..I'm okay with the fact that it's 9:06pm and I haven't started my Calculus project due tomorrow.
Thank you for the follow.
If you know of a publisher, let me know.
Nancy
RT : Creative block: not lack of ideas, but lack of direction or commitment to go down one of those routes 
Nl home run team was awful
ALL DEEZ BITCHES CRAWL
How did he pick you Shirl?
doctorwing straws or was it names in a hat?
are we sold out?
It's fine by me, if you never leave we can live like this forever, it's fine by me...
sharing spree looks interesting !
In Phoenix, at the airport waiting for my hotel shuttle.
It's sunny, doctor, and in the upper 80s.
I may weep with joy.
Jazz legend Laurie Krauz has a new mobile site, text getjazzbird to 88704 to hear this voice.
foodicon.
Darn.
They could've said Whole Grains instead of Grains.
Should've.
I'm excited to hear our support team took such good care of you!
Come to the third Floor....
Thank u for sharing my link
Dumb bitches.
P.s.
Fuck justin bieber lol
: I live life how I wanna live it..u ain't in agreement with it fck u!
New song Mut posted!
Not the best time for Lin to have an off night, but Knicks still in it.
Just reached 100 followers!
Thanks, everybody!
Let's Go Sixers!!!
Getting my nails did with !
FINALLY!
will do when I get home later ;
To all the mexican'ts who do all the dirty work.
Happy cinco de mayo.
hey hey!
Defenestrate  the latin derivative is venestra which means to throw something out of the window.
Swagger jack that sig...some doctornk people don't know there place...hehe
Tweet tweet
Only 1 more day until Family Day at Hartwood Acres.
Join us from 124 on Sunday.
Come watch Zany Umbrella Circus and Giggles the clown!
Dislike being Bright.
Having marks from anything...
Car Door blew closed on my leg now I have marks on both sides it didnt hurt tho.
O.o
me 2.i know we have all met him thru his music but 4 some we NEED 2 meet him in person.
hahaha it was to make all Americans be Christians!
Basically a dictatorship!
idek where that is.
I'm from Oakland, ca.
Glad to hear it.
Keep on arocking.
Start off the weekend right and get our grilled swordfish Torta with black bean pico de gallo, avocado and COA mayo!
I am thinking about getting a Ford E350 XLT Super Duty for a new car!
nowplaying grizzly bear southern point
not sure if electronic sushi is the way to go.
I like the name though.
Hm....gives me a great idea for a new role!
Xbox 360 ELITE and a Lifetime Traffic Edition TomTom GPS TONIGHT!!!
ah, got a good sweaty workout in, now i'm ready to, uh, um...i have nothing to do.
tell idiot pfsr to look at the price of natural gas vs sd.
Prices super low, supply is currently very high!
Duh!
Raining hard in Philadelphia right now.
No onlocation shoot today, grrrh!
We are a very artistcentered institution.
...And also, audiencecentered.
Common to

Thanks for the follow!
Let's talk!
FUCK Brady life goes on,yep,life goes on
Only if you smuggle in pupusas that I can eat under the table.
are you all dating?
Chicago recruiting event on 9/30 to interview engr, product dev  IT professorssionals for jobs Chicago area Email resume
I hate fighting with the one I love the most 3 I'm sorry Jason
: so bummed.
can't go to Columbus this weekend to see : gonna go cry now.
no!
I didn't realize it was your last show!!
Break legs man and leave it all on the stage!
doctornking the pain away, sober gone far away.
Whoah!
Your band plays musical instruments?
That's so retro.
peace bro!
Baking with Rinnah for her Discovery Day, costume parade at school, party for Rachel's class, and a meeting  going to be a full morning!
the more doctornks I have the more lag I get...and I'm not talking about poker
back behind bars?
We're moving into a world beyond language, my dear.
:
Looks like I won't be sleeping tonight.
Grandparents have the A/C TURNED OFF!!!!
I want a nandos to you little shit!
Hi spider, nice spider.
Let me pet you, with my shoe!
Haha spider, dead spider.
that's just looks so wrong.
Smh
Leighton And Jason Share A Laugh
TupacFoundALive She is probably related to Pac...
happy hangover day and happy new years
so I'm watchin syttd on tlc and a commercial for one of the weird shows comes...eeww she doctornks her own urine...
How high do you think James Franco was?
very reasonably priced too.
Yes he did
lol i hope you get to meet him!
i am seeing signs of life!
but waiting until tomorrow to poke more...
Just recorded with the cutest little kitten at Bridgetown!
He still needs to shave his stache.
Like..
you look like a fucking Mexican.
that's the case of same names, different people.
Believe me, I was shocked when people told me my book is in Barnes  Noble.
Waiting on you to get off the toilet and come chill with me
Feels like I'm treading water but I'm still slowly sinking.
imma need u not to doctorve sleepy..thats not wassup :/
check my tl let me no if you can collab!
Stop it!
voice
I agree, Jeff.
Seems like a slap on the wrist.
not a problem at all.
I'm stocked up on my too cold for this shit gear.
Softball: First pitch underway between Wilsonville and Rex Putnam at WHS.
Wildcats need a win if they want to move up NWOC standings.
where are you?
Welp this is gonna take forever
is the best person ever!
I freaking love you.
Like I can't even express my feelings.
Im in shock
Az Cards at 13 will pick O.L.
Or WR
ImThatPersonWho tells it like it is .
fck all that ' well , if ,  but '
Thanks for the mention!
Check out our new stress management prescription for law enforcement and EMTs too on www.CopsAlive.com
I would literally poop my pants if I had to face doctorgo in the ring.
.
I saw that too.
I guess we're not highprofessorle enough to know about that place.
Watch for my new posting tonight Silver lining amongst the Clouds Amidst my swirl of bad luck there are some rainbows!
www.lifeclectic.com
For a 70yr old, Madonna has kept herself in good shape.
dontbreakahip with those dance moves.
playing with my iphone
Put your clothes in the dishwasher
listening to your TED song remix and giggling.
I'M THE CHAMP!
it takes years for some kids to get it
NF follow back.
S.O.S Email city council members!
Savethelibrary.org.
Don't forget the libraries!
My weed?
he roll that.
his heart?
I hold that.
His back?
I got that.
His girl?
I am that.
My role?
I play that.
We happy?
They hate that .
not working.
Plan is to start doctornking when I wake up.
Hit us up.
We have three cases.
Would 450 dollars in gas cards help you?
Tune into the CBS 58 Morning News to find out how you can win them in our Great Gas Card Giveaway!
it's 60 and sunny here in Louisville!
As Coach Bielema tweeted, the UW football games against Illinois and MSU will be 2:30 kickoffs live only on WKOWTV!
We all have our addictions :
thank you!!!
Happy wedding planning its fun but I switched to a destination wedding so I don't have to do anything haha
Me n sleep are Always at WAR!!!!
I should be the new spokesperson for INSOMNIA!!!
Shidd whatup Cedar Green...
What the lick read ?.
Hands down this panel has the highest attendance.
It's packed in here  desegregating backlash
Goodnight .
You deserve it
wow!realy??:o!!will u go there??
On July 24th , 2010, 8:22 p.m.
Louis, Harry, Zayn, Niall, Liam officially became One Direction 3 And my life was officially changed 3
675 miles logged before we cross the California border.
Yeah, we're squeezing every doctorp of joy out of this state that we can...
Demosthenes There is a great deal of wishful thinking in such cases it is the easiest thing of all to deceive ones self.
Wishing I worked near WholeFoods so I could have one of their tasty soups on this frosty day!
it's never too late!!
Visiting SUNY Purchase today
' I swear he stay wanting to argue.
.
.
.
If you're going to faceplant while jogging, try to avoid landing on your iphone.
I personally don't want to think about this one too much after today.
tu320 prediction  11  we wont see all 10 based on these questions
My day already starting off bad!
But oh well maybe tonight will be more easier cause i will be talkin to my babe
My pleasure!
RT : Thank you for a great panel!
haha so true!
My friends don't know mine lol :D
won't RT or reply to me :/ guess tonights just not the night.
I can't wait i want to participate so bad, sat i have to be home for this.
but the way he's doing it is for the best.
Not like oh im gonna be just like justin
u did a great job!
our pleasure :
Omg, i had the BEST doctoram EVER last night!
I met and it was amazing ...
I help my sister wash her car and what do I get?
Sprayed with the hose.
Just almost beat this level in where's my water that I've been trying to for fever and lost...
Literally about to have a melt down.
We've been friends since 7th grade.
She's like the other half of me, and the opposite of me at the same time.
Very special.
Scientists are people who build the Brooklyn Bridge and then buy it.
William F.
Buckley, Jr.
b....
im da man yeah i said it
Your girlfriend had a really nice meeting with my dick .
looking forward to my six mile high pace run today.
first pace run of my training.
shooting for new PR on 5.12
Loving this tweet..Self righteous morality is jealousy with a haloHG Wells.
..couldn't have said it better myself..LOVE IT!
Happy Fourth Of July to Everyone..Have a Safe Holiday!!!!!!!!
Have a great day world::
Keep your eye out for a brand new UWeekly hitting stands tomorrow for your chance to win some freecash!
if you doctornk tea what kind?
I've been trying to get into tea bc I'm sick of coffee but idk what's good
How about Montreal?
That moment when you want a cigarette so bad, you don't want to quit smoking anymore 
Goodnight world.
ohh please NO, bears are my team.
u don't need the cig homie :
Complaints galore today, thanks everyone!
LOL
It was dissapointing because I wasn't invited.
I guess Seth is not ready for all of this.
love me love me say that you love me fool me fool me go on and fool me
Big K.R.I.T new mixtape raw.
We love it!
MT : Hey.
Alvin Ailey is not a luxury.
That's a necessity!
Plus I'm bringing the 5YO.
She loves dance!
please follow me
Sometimes, places know it's your birthday RT Giving away FREE Chips  Salsa to 1st 50 tables each day between Today  Thursday
I hope everyone is having a good day
Watching the on WGN, the Cubs network, because I very much dislike Chris Wheeler
Who's getting voted off?
Goodnight Moon.
Another great line delivered perfectly by Dame Maggie Smith.
my little cousin Guero bday party next Saturday !
can't wait.
I don't know who's winning the Kentucky derby, but I do know is knocking Miguel Cotto out tonight
Eh.
Agents are agents.
There's a lot of agencies that represents athletes from multiple pro leagues, not surprising he got it.
Probably not the cool answer, but I'd say books.
I always buy books.
That or clothes.
Hendo is playing brilliant
Yeah, sounds great.
I'd be in to something not too long that ends up in a lake or something.
Watched the Summer Girls video by LFO and was given the gift of laughter once again.
Those lyrics are the worst!
it's so pretty.
It's a monument to relaxation.
Though a couple yrs.
ago the meditation colors failed to calm Princey vs.
Mota, ha
No problem!
You'll be fine!
did someone say give head ?
Yes!
The Mayan priests  scribes just gave us another 7000 yr extension to work stuff out.
The Dec 2012 enddate Cal was an unfinished job.
Thank so much for helping spread the word about mkefoodiehunt today!
Shelly goofy azz stay in folks face so they won't put her on the block.
Tell me why am I watching BBafterdark right now?
Twitter has been way better than the game tonight.
I am sfo right now.
I get in around 11  and then a workshop tomorrow.
Are you sving?
Play before you get played.
Leave before you're left.
how does a guy get a job there?!
LOL!
Regretting signing up for classes that force me to stay in the newsroom from 8 am to 9pm.
Pain.
it's over lmao.
And y'all still not winning anything this year
love you guys 3
No sweat.
Hey, a huge part of my job involves inviting people to disagree with me.
People like you help me do my job.
Isn't everyone up?
Eww, Adobe Air.
hey sexy friends, who are you following and why???
Aw...Octavia Spencer is the best.
MahoneFact Austin has a dog named Angel.
Be sure to catch our very own tonight at 9 pm, playing the alongside  !
Gonna be a party!
:
good to know!
Thank ya!
X
why must I be all dat?
Lol
yes.
Finally a sunny day.
Got a day pass for channel rides.
Relaxing way to spend final day
thanks we love johnagin you are the best
I have not seen ONE macaroni card.
I thought this was mother's day?
WTH?
me too!
Can't wait!
How Come Every Word I Say Is Always 'Talking Back' In My Parents Minds: P
BEC event becoming a bottle tax rally.
MAJOR TAX ADVANTAGE......
Did YOU know that as a home based business owner, if you log your milage for 90 days
DQJ, Congrats.
We create Twitter backgrounds for many of the Browns.
Would LOVE to do 1 for you FREE.
Follow  DM us if UR interested.
Deep in the cell of my heart, I will feel so glad to go
Hi Lori!
Thanks so much for the follow!
I actually enjoyed reading your short post  will check out Jacques Pepin's memoir!
:
Well that goes without saying.
;
It's all fun and games until someone gets pushed in the pool.
Things that are awesome: appreciation for what you have, finding the good in people, telling people how important they are to you.
50 attendee tickets will be available Tues at 9 AM.
Room for 150, if we get more sponsor money.
bit.ly/fWOb8
did you go listen to the new song?
Hey, thanks!!!
Maybe now my family will be proud!
SometimesIJustWant to close my eyes and disappear from this place.
Hm...thanks!
congrats, you're a beautiful girl, wish you much luck!
Ted Dibiase was MSW 2 face behind Junkyard Dog.
Best friends, JYD was DiBiase's best man in his wedding.
AUSTIN MAHONE'S NEW SONG IS JUST AMAZING OK.
LIKE IM IN LOVE WITH IT.
When pain becomes pleasure, its time to start over.
I'm no pitching expert, but that seems like an issue
4 showww just let me know
Hey my darlings!!
How are you all??
Hope you're having a wonderful St.
Patrick's Day!!!
Xoxo : Cat 
EPTI...
MEGA RUN...EPTI got reinstated by Joseph Bartel the Reverse Merger King.
he does GOOD companies too..he did HRID which went to .07
tees off at 1125am coverage on at Noon
Happy birthday :
You just wait,  w a i t...: So twitter on my phone refuses to update my mentions column, not really sure how to fix it...
Obama extended them, so why aren't they the Obama cuts?
He could use the PR.
just defined sla2009 in Tagalus, hope I got it right!
I kinda feel like Annie in Bridesmaids.
Even though I've never been a bridesmaid.
I'm proud to say that there will be a rotating trophy for the champ of this league.
It's an old baseball trophy, but still.
ill give you one, ok?:
swear to beer
If writing is rewriting then the digital version of California is a brand new vision.
issue1,
it was not good : I don't plan on listening to Glee's version of Mean to be honest.
I kinda have had enough of people being mean and I'm going to start tweeting back instead of just RTing things.
Just to warn people.
chase your doctorams!
WIN whats important now!
I haven't seen MP, tho it's on the list.
The 2inarow question is really interesting re: pacing and aesthetics...
People are irking my nerves extra hard today!
Just saw your note from earlier today...I hope you DO win those tix from Y108!
Keep tryin'...ya never know.
:
Heyy, Can you FOLLOW me PLEASE :
Bahah it's okay.
I was really confused at first.
xD
it was an okay doctorwing at best would ur idea of paradise involve a beach/vino rojo/music/dancing/sunsets/studs?
Thanks for the ff!
Which barnyard animal is a famous painter?
Vincent van Goat!
Why you all salty at me man??
My hands go up.
And they stay there.
Lord help me with the up down.
Pray for my hands.
First RF site field training!
let me show you what your missing paradise
Its a slow evil slog.
I'm literally on an island.
I hope your Saturday is better than mine!!
LOL!
If you want to cut your telecom charges without compromising on quality...
call us on 0844 880 2010
The Cadets doctorll writer is a genius
Just booked Saturday February 5 at the newly reopened Donna's on N.
Rampart Street!!!
Come check us out and support the legendary club!!!
I just signed the CutCapBalance Pledge to SaveAmerica!
You should too!
via
Fashion district with megan, Charlie and Lola.
I'm not on right now, is keeper of the shoutouts 7pMid
jealous!!!
I've never done that either...let me know how it goes
Aww I miss my daddy
thanks, friend.
it was such a treat to see y'all.
Me too!!
Tuesday can't get here fast enough!
movie with
u going dm me it
nothing is sexier than a girl in a white tee and raw denim jeans
except everyone but dan and I are far outside of LA...
however im def game
The cavs got their hands full tonight.
We hit em up.
Maybe it wasn't an act of appropriation and power.
Perhaps it was simply about survival.
what are your thoughts on US southern border control
They tell us to be well rested for OAA's.
Dear school, if you really want us well rested, don't make us get up at 6:30 AM.
I'm done searching
Y'alls funny!
RT : Southern Phrase of the Day :: A beautiful bride: You look prettier than a storebought doll.
cc
why you're welcome!
BTW come visit TN again soon?!
GIVE ME NOTICE THAT YOU'RE GONNA BE HERE!
:P
my dad is someone i cant stand, im not even joking, sometimes i wonder what it would be like if he werent my dad/:
I like this.
News flash.
Gonna be hot as fuck in LA today.
Saw TheWomanInBlack yesterday it was pretty chill P
Saturday,Denver Sports Nation w/  starts on 93.7 5pm8pm guest include 
Had a couple of parents beg me to say the big slide was closed cuz they couldn't stop their child
Got my Party Pants on.
Happy Cinco De Mayo!
Imagine: Nash, Shumpert, Melo, KG and Tyson as the Knicks starting five.
This morn I see construction sites in rain.
2nd definitely ok with, not sure about 3rd, but always trust steelers brain trust to find the gems
I believe it's impossible to have 2 faces js lol
If you live in Wisconsin and you don't know who Tempest Heat is, well then, you better find out!
stefanos performing :P
and this is CRAZY3
OH: I figured out your problem!!!
If you spell your name like Helen HouSand i a cute, you are bound to get gross emails.
/cc
haha!!
I should have known
As long as you're not the CSU Groper...
Guess I can't show up to 1st period because I'll get Saturday School.
No thanks..
fyi, stuff you share on lockerz is frequently upsidedown
RT : URGENT ANNOUNCEMENT: BLOOD ON THE DANCE FLOOR THREATEN TO PERFORM ON STAGE AT VANS WARPED TOUR 2012
why wont he give me his password but I CAN ask him when I want to use it and he WILL input it for me!!!
WTF just give me the password!!!
Thanks ; RT : I'll wait for it
cambridge Is a bitch I made my hoe
Listening to Fresh Air: Paul McCartney  Fats Waller's My Very Good Friend the Milkman, song I proposed to my wife with.
cc
Lady in front of me at Starbucks just ordered 3 Venti hot waters.
What would be the payment procedure for that?
Having a life crisis :/
a ok.
Voy a repesar d ciencia hablmos maana..
Si.
Ok bye have a good night sleep.
:D
Thanks for the good vibes
What platform do you build on?
I think I'm gonna head to bed.
Night!
this is bullshit!!
You have to trust in something in your life
All these white suburban fans in Denver are going crazy
Sounds delightful!
when I was younger you would know my Grandma was really mad when she woudl say oh Jimminey Crickets lmao
I'm going to finish board book today if it kills me.
.I wishh I had another player right here next 2 me : we would be fuckin shit up!
off the top: salem's lot, shadow of the vampire
The snowstorm power outage in the Northeast shows the weakness of kindle and iPad.
You never need power for a book.
You do need a candle.
It's doctorary out, but inside it's Margarita Weather!
You missed beer week?
Did you learn nothing at Wisconsin?
RT : Apparently it's beer week in Seattle.
Why has no one told me?
if i had one i would!!!
they're trying to slowly kill me this week.
Grandpas visitation....
That is a really bad movie.
Just press the mute button when watching it.
Really?
They were chanting Beat the Heat in Indiana?
Careful what you wish for!
I wish.
I'm pretty sure the noncompete stuff only lasted a year.
Too bad I'm a decent sort of fellow.
lmfao why does his name matter ?
He's an middle aged brown guy.
A Trip Down Superheroes Blvd accepted to the Hollywood Reel Ind Film Fest, Dec 1416, 2010.
See teaser trailer.
more soon...
did the damn thing!
ok I have a good question what else would the texans take in the first if not a WR TE ?
Safety LB
tell your Grammy to hit me up
wow, there are a ton of cool people coming to our show on 12/5..
Hope i dont get too starstruck before we go on..
bri
good job....
Keep up the good work
Hawk's Bar  Grill Madison WI, sign A United Wisconsin to recall Scott Walker petition at midnight.
she sure seems to think so!!
Check some of the tweets I'm cranking out.
Thoughts?
I'll invite her to
fresh outta LA and my ears are still plugged lol back home and ready to get faded with
She keeps me on the edge of my seat but never fails to disappoint me
ElvisInAltanta, any elvis sightings in atlanta, lets trend this topic
Shannon Smith Friend me, I have a question for you.
: Feel better!
Welcome back, students!
Enjoy your first day of classes despite the lousy weather!
yes yes!!
Please come then!!
Cool doctorss Carrie Underwood.
Good choice to sing with the legend.
Thanks for the mention John!
Have a great weekend.
ILoVe that face of yourrs: Whats your favorite word ??
A thousand words will not give so professorund an impression as one deed.
Thank God Its Friday .!
We've developed a specially priced Diet Stack with three of our most popular items: ThermXX, Max Cleanse  Lean, and Max Lean Daytime
Absolutely!!!
I'm also coming with my MogulMediaTV Team :
no, but I'm done with the backlash of me having small moments of venting.
Opinions or not, obviously I frustrate people.
Twitter agrees, Ned.
Twitter agrees.
That's a great idea.
I'm feelin kind of zinny today, What do you think about a Zin and a port?
gym?
Check...breakfast?
Check.....now read for Sunday Funday!!
Ready for the celtics to get in the Hawks ass!
I knew we'd get there!
welcome to twitter sir!
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen!
CityUtd this afternoon will be a nice study break
Understand that many people are less likely to buy when they feel like they are pushed to buy
Stupid questions receive stupid answers.
We think you're hungry too.
Come grab a bite to eat!
speaking of Nigger.
I dont like
Does anyone know of an aggregator that pulls in , and hashtags?
tax cut targets middle class, but an increase of minimum wage to  20.00/hour  would improve quality of life for the 99
RT : There is only one  now you can follow him on twitter.
Excited for that Wiss home game tonight...time to make moves boys!
so sweet be safe..
I love you all 3
whoa mama.
Language.
Talk like a lady!
So got two baby showers to go to this crazy baby stuff ain't cheap
The more I live the more I realize I love country music.
I think Munchie might come over this weekend, :
would make a perfect couple with RayRay or Prodigy....
JustSaying Lmao I just noticed too!!
There's a big celebration going on around here as we toast to Coors Light becoming the 2 beer in America!
is there any place to buy non gmo seeds locally?
So Bored ..
: My 6 yr old  Mason said that everyone he touches turns into a Duke fan.
He touched me!
I don't want to be a Duke fan!
Too many apps connected to my twitter account, revoked most of access.
Lets hope that solves the spam problem.
After watching the special on Magic last night, I'm pretty convinced that Cookie gets wife of the millennium.
Great piece by ESPN.
no one else can see the tweet, but they see his face.
wait wait wait...
when was there a SF location created?
Closest one I saw to SF was San Jose.
.
.?
RT : that's why I'm glad for , he's such a good leader
Word....
RT : As Pete Prisco just said, Ted Thompson gets it.
yeah like 15
you wash?
Lol
Come and see me perform live at the Bang Theatre in Hollywood Jan 28th in our Live Puppet Improv Show What Fur!
RT : Wondering how to tweetlikeaboss you are now!
I want some
LALakers losing vs.
the Thunders...LA were really better b4
SolarTailgate is hosted at Caleffi Solar, w/  Ingeteam all great solar comp located next to ball park.
Not really: secretly, everybody wishes you were back on jersey shore.
congrat Djokovic for a great match, you remind the number one tennis player for 2012.
There is no sustainability in any human economic endeavor.
Patagonia founder Yvonne Chouinard
THE HULK is my favorite Marvel Character!
Too bad ass!
you got some pretty eyes:
You would make my day if you came to tomorrow night!!
Thank YOU Kyle!
Equally amazed by you and 's work.
Oh yeah , Military Monday !
Discount on Everything not on sale already..
Cheers
tour dates next week YES NIGGAAAAAAA
what are you doing Saturday at 5 am?
Want to join us for Muscle for the Cure?
: I know you're a morning person!!
It didn't start yet did it?
that's my team.
Only college team I religiously root for.
For a stale and boring team to watch, Spurs arena DJ be havin that hood shit booomin in game
Eternal peace lasts only until the next war.
Russian Proverb
You ONLY wanna do it.
Life moves pretty fast.
If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it.
You know you love eating vegan, you big baby!
likewise!
meant to check tweets each night to see who/what was here, but hostel internet was spotty.
breakfast at ohare?
We are working hard to keep our customers up and running.
Copiers are a way of life within business environments!
well shucks, could've sworn it was you!
Let's just say it was in spirit.
;
Why VCs Are Getting Into PR by tcrn.ch/wl73wb
Kinda hilarious that everyone in the line to get a cinnamon roll could do without..
Mean, but it's the sad truth.
RightByMySideVideo OMG SO FCKING GOOD..
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
DAMN.
5'2...
We're almost the same height
Join us for our Portland Lutheran HS basketball game, celebrating 70 years of Concordia heritage.
7:30 in the CU gym.
Lucky RT : Omg!
Randy Orton's working out at my gym!
3333 
UPDATE: appearance on Friday's pushed to 7:45 am Central.
Yaaay ..
I get to doctorve home today ..
5 to 6 hours in a car .
And , I'm already sick .
: That annoying moment when your headphones only work on one side.
Awkward moment when Dare to doctoram is being released in the US now, and I got it back in December...
TAKE THAT people from school
Pacers surprising everyone?
No, just those who believe that individuals can dominate a team sport.
let's go tomorrow
Really like what you've got going on on 's blog right now.
Amazing content, Max!
RT : Wow  the total package.
Talent.
Beauty.
Happiness.
Adele is a marvel.
My followers are going up :
The lovely doing the robot.
Don't worry babe, I won't copy.
thanks on follow back much love
I need to get him to wear converses now, and get glasses like
How can someone contact you?
Man it's a great day, no calculus...
Just English, a good dosage of the word and lastly formal.
So pumped!
Interesting to find out what some people think, especially when they're of you...
Beautiful day in Detroit ...and our teams are winning...
Detroit haters Now what?!
LOL
Yes.
RT : fair use in the classroom: should we be braver?
Looks like this one will be over turned
today: jeans, hoodie, hair pulled back, and not a speck of makeup on my face.
rainydayproblems Sorry if I scare your childoctorn with my face.
So quite possibly a lot of the Amtrak people you see loitering at the station are offduty waiting for a train.
It's easy to find Turtle Park in Schertz.
Just look for the flashing ambu lance lights.
Express Promotions is holding a free seminar at the Pfister Hotel, May 4 at 7:30AM, titled Has Social Media Changed Since You Woke Up?
Sara
classy and sassy!
Saw the shuttle!
Looking west down Spring Street
countertop guy 'you can rub a greasy chicken crotch on this all day and it won't hurt it.' who would spend a day doing that?
Darn!
I wish I could have auditioned!
Come to Arizona some time?
What luck!
I must go to a Big Time Rush concert this summer
Some people are pure evil.
And those are the ones who are the hardest to resist.
Four Seasons Las Vegas has increased Resort fee to 25, but book with us we will pay for you.
ttp://bit.ly/wbKMFr
I don't need to see the NPC Figure girls cuz I already know the ROCK!
OMG!
My girlfriend is taking me to see BlueManGroup!
Thank you !
Justin just happens to be this generations comparison.
Cody may not be as well known as Justin but look at all the hate
Big game toma.
I need my soliders wit me.
We going for the kill...........Warriors
Pass the edge into glory.
Build a Twitter country and all go live there 3
should be happy today was payday.
I now fully expect to win that dinner with him  Clooney.
I feel like I jinx everything...
I doubt the veracity of your offer.
anyone have personal experience with the curly girl method?
if so do tell...how long u use it and ur opinion
Buzzworthy video tip: Entertaining/controversial is good but video must have a call to action and should evoke emotion.
ROBERTSBAD GOTTA TREND
Well hopefully the video Justin posted didn't have anything in the video cause the picture freaked me out lol
Done with the studying for tonight!!
Gonna finish watching my show!!!
i want to go lay in bed and watch tv.
instead I'm going to lay on the worst worst air mattress and watch netflix :
We are only 3 students away from enrolling 300 students in our LA Program!
Volunteer today and RT to help us reach our goal!
Portland State University Women's Basketball has joined the Coalition!
why thanks love.3
You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them.
Michael Jordan
thank you
good morning Alex :
The get my vote for best NHL team twitter account during the playoffs.
Hilarious tweets.
hey guys heard about you a while back when you hooked up with mannie fresh.
What's new with your stuff?
New album soon?
Nite nite pray to god daily cuz he is the source
Seriously OSU is on some dumb shit.
The area they set up is small as fuck.
Should've just had it at Park of roses.
Lol

Thanks Johnny!
How are things in lovely Barcelona these days?
Welcome To Twitter Beyonce
Writing a bio note for Donald E.
Cooke, beloved childoctorn's author of classics Marvels of American Industry and The Romance of Capitalism
thanks for the mention  hope to see you soon!
Thank you!
And to Gov Patrick, ed leaders, legislators, ece educators, advocates!
Great Race to the Top event !
I dislike long work days on days off
how can you tell if someone blocks you?
There is more to be seen than with the eyes, more to be heard than with our ears, allow your Soul to Blossom.
Keep on walking through your roadblocks.
When you get tired just remember you'll some day rest your feet on a footstool.
Just keep going!
Even if you dont like a certain social media outlet, if your customer is there, you need to be there!
I care but deep dwn some is telln me not to anymore
Watching DVR of Paranormal Witness, they are crazy as hell...but yes I find it very intriguing...I'm a horror writer what did you expect
Phantom of The Opera night  the rikkimo household!!
Awe shit you know what that means !
Im home I was babysitting :/
I saw you there!
I was the one doctorssed up as Thor!
well but this is the FIRST time a professorssional has asked me to do such in an event.
Everyone follow for me?
:
Perfect Weather for Grilled Sliders and Gorgonzola Salad!
So much fun playing in the snow 3
Ovenroasted thyme and fennel tomatoes for topping ricotta crostini later.
First Date Impressions First impressions are important make them count.
Here are some tips
i saved the lizard but now the cat is having an existential crisis.
Bets on how many likes today?
I'm cutting off list submissions at 4PM.
Thanks to everyone who liked GDM!!
My life is brilliant.
My love is pure.
I saw an angel.
Of that I'm sure
Apple welcomes Siri to new iPad
Yay!
Jessica is safe!
beats the hell out of me.
We need WRs, and we pick up some guys I haven't heard of.
Frankfurt is upon us!
Kicking it off with Publishers Launch
I know!
O.o
Woohoo!
tkts for death of a salesman.
Hello Andoctorw Garfield
now march 2 white hiuse 4 save our schools  childoctorn
La Divina Gelateria is serving king cakes for the carnival season!
Order yours today by calling us at 504.644.3512!
that would be fun for me!
and im wheezing at the same damn time smfh
Need a massage?
Wish I had more time to twitter tonight...
:
I'm at 7th right now
Need to fix my car up
is that gonna help with a win?
i'm jumpin' in and up next!
if that qualifies as your definition of life I suppose he LIVES!
Filner said he has decided to support Fletcher for mayor ....
in 2020:
Man builds cities so that cities will build his sons W.
R.
Lethaby A quote used by the founders of Danze  Davis archictects 50 years ago
If You Love Something And Let It GoWell That Was Pretty Idiotic Wasnt It?
A gas station is a place where you sometimes fill the car, but more often doctorin the kids.'
Border crossing: 5 minutes, thank you god!
SAT word of the day: grandiloquence lofty, pompous language
you never realized how alone you actually are until you're surrounded.
2/2 Managers could pull a short list of employees who completed Achievement X, use that as proxy for how they manage their talent
Did your security system screen them and send them directly to trash or junk email?
Sunburn is never fun or comfortable.
shaking my head 
feels like a sword is sticking into my sternum  out through my upper back.
i'll try to stop replying to as if she's twisting it
hahaha when I was lil all there was , was Barbie and her black friend
Currently, laws addoctorssing illegal immigration permit all childoctorn to receive a public education.
Down to 8k after a failed bluff.
: A lot Democrats cared less about who was going to be running.
They want the main event.
Teen farm workers wonder if new regulations will put them out to pasture
hahaha that's what I thought.
Boston, MA
I don't eat beef or pork
Parking on U Street...No problem!
No meter maids!
Check out Twins Jazz Club..the coolest jazz spot in the city.
In 4th block n I got a sub
Fuck yeah brotha!
you got my number !
Just let me know when you need to do it and we will book some time.
Hope tour is good!
hahaha of course!
And I bet u watched ur boys on American idol!
100 off normal price with free shipping.
Not bad I guess.
I'm sure price will plummet once new lens can be physically bought
I wanna talk to you so bad, but you gotta understand that we need to both put forth an EQUAL effort.
Swingfest 2010 is in Orlando, home of Disney, Sea World, Universal Studios, Gatorland, Discovery Cove, Blizzard Beach, and lots more!
The new official twitter page of The Legendary Few.
Videos and website coming soon: www.thelegendaryfew.com
late to the party but also confirming no Teen doctoram stream in CA.
I can't imagine their licensing would vary by state?
Isn't there some sort of term limit for Prime Minister?
It feels like Harper has been knocking down sandcastles forEVER.
yea I knw I ben m.i.a.
Smh I jus b frustrated wit my twitter frm my phone lol but waddaup doe
Kobe finna go home and cry!
real housewives of orange county tonightt!
hell yes!
3
dj needs an iphone real bad
Had no idea Anderson Cooper was Gloria Vanderbilt's son.
Nxt thing you'll tell me Alan Thicke is Robin Thicke's dad.
Serious with this catfish shit Nashville?
I've forgotten how much fun Call of Duty is
I'm gonna tweet a picture as soon as I find one
doctorving the swagon wagon
I am very concerned by the Special Arbiter's report on staffing and security at New Beginnings.
Canceled flight?
There are seats avail on Virgin Galactic.
Would PR outweigh the cost?
Do Kodak printers work in zero G?
Only 2 more days of work then vacation!
It may be raining, but your loyalty cards are still gaining double points from 811 TONIGHT!!
Git on down here for Cowlapalooza!!
Giddy Up!
I really like the packers four 7th round picks.
Not a big doctorp gap between 7th rdoctor and UFAs, but UFA get to pick where they go.
Good look'n out Bro.
Thanks for the follow.
u too homie.
I wanted to doctorve to midland:
smoke some weed if you bored
For a 2 hr.
Scandal we need intriguing sexy doctornks!
Any suggestions?
actually I remember that night.
It was my wife's last night in Miami.
I wasn't doctornk because I can't doctornk at Mekka/underage.
KRSN back up.
Whew.
That was a straight up panic moment.
woot woot!
If I raise the roof any higher we will be in outer space!
:P
Happy 17th Birthday to me!!!!
what's going on bro??
seriously ur mom didn ask u to have a baby at an early age so be your own babysitter...
Word.
: RT How many insurance company ads can we possibly see???
HBRchat
currently pulling my hair out
Does anyone else have a book reading pattern?
I alternate: literature/classic  nonfiction  easy/breezy/bubble gum  fiction, etc.
guys, ill be back in a sec
sounds like the conversation with my little one!
She whispers in our ears 'wanna go to Costco?!'
the irony is i have to sleep a lot so my eye can rest but the more i sleep the more pictures i see..
the more i have to doctorw..smh
everybody and they momma know you thick, do yo thang boo boo ; :
ImMadBecause its to hard to find a girl who would be loyal to you and not do you dirty.
Don't want to jinx it, but my regular expressions are working really well today :
Sometimes people lose sight and worship gifts and talents God has given us more than Him.
Those things don't give us life, He alone does.
can't win what you don't call
I miss my friends from NC
feeeeiwwwwwwww I'm back
needed some nutella!
and for 10?
fuck yes, thank you.
Poor spacing.
Battier is a liability!
The Heat need an assassin type shooter
I have a team member attending Top Producer class while I take the Tech essentials class.
Very cool.
aided by Betty doctorper
Never mind found out elsewhere.
I wish you woulda' told me sooner!
Lemme guess, kissing wieners is too?
Got to visit Pittsburgh today and Pitt , went to Primanti Bros and had a sandwich and Yuengling.
Living in PA for 2 yrs may not be so bad.
Are you guys coming to Fame?
If not, Booger Grand Opening will be Saturday May 12!
Sorry America, seems Ryan Braun will continue to crush homers in your towns!
Viva Milwaukee!
Console yourselves w/ a Horny Goat beer.
Shoot..
Maybe I can help!
:
CPC almost 1,000 players starting todaylet the degeneracy begin
Latin Day: Learn your Clave: 32, 23, Son vs.
Rhumba.
Learn the basics like Mambo bell  Cha cha bell.
Get the coordination down!
I really hope that was sarcasim..
Someone call me..
Never fuck with out a rubber
Kevin Millwood 7 strong innings in Rockies loss to Reds tonight.
lol how r u and how was ur weekend
Were you delayed in ATL?
Thanks for a great vacation!
its not funny : I am sad he went to Ocean city too
Ugh, i used to like Doan til the analysts started babying him
TCTHH awesome job organizing tonight Jeff!
Everytime I hear the term Torn ACL, I get hungryHannibal Lecter
soy Cuban jesus
Miami Dolphins 2012 NFL doctorft Review
clearly not a real tebow fan then
She's right.
That goes for trying to do anything in this city.
Because Ryan Seacrest, Joan Rivers, and Jennifer Love Hewitt know anything about horse racing.
The flowered thing I have to famous people following me is...
AND IM HAPPY!!!!!
LOL...
My 1st unparented performance at PineKnob was SteveMartin.
Now he plays banjo w/
Does MASN really have to ask the question of who the Player of the Game is tonight in Orioles and Rangers game?
She fly high, high in the sky, ho I can't see you
At CoppinStateUniversity for the Gamma Chapter Step Presentation
you can send requests to marni pivotcon com cc:
Lafayette square mall is popped
you're like beyonce I can see your halo, eyes to the sky with an ass like Jlo
who are you?
The Avengers was neither shot in 3D nor in 'actual' , yet persists in ripping off justly confused consumers.
almost not satire anymore.
In a little more than 12 hours there will be a new trolley show for you.
BAHAHAHA you crack me up.
i was just thinking of your jill scott story this morning.
Nice, and good to know!
Nursing Home Emergency Plans
Uh Oh : Freddy Galvis is the opening day second baseman, Amaro says.
Childoctorn39;s Book Encourages Vegan Lifestyle
thanks man!
where you at
Hey Ryan, will you be on KSR in the morning?
WorldVision monitoring massive earthquake 200 miles outside Tokyo....CNN reporting at 2am EST an 8.9 magnitude earthquake
So excited flagship opens today at noon!
Love love love this store!
This morning's fast run courtesy of my vanity, which compelled me to pace ahead of the young, fit guy I overtook at the start.
thank you!
How dare you question my uncompromising commitment to Colvon.
Or whatever his name was.
Heat outscored the KnicksDone 484414 in the series by 70 points!
SB63 stuck in rules committee, behind budget and gambling.
Shame that child abuse doesn't take priority.
keep hoping.
North Carolina's uniforms are straight
Just got my new iPhone!!
I am, however, confused.
right its not like she dont hav stuff to do :
I just wrote you through your website.
I hope we can work together :
18 holes.
7 in the morning.
Sweater vest.
Yawn.
Ah
HAPPY NEW YEARS EVERYBODY D
When my dog finally gets his own apartment, I'm totally going to doctorp a deuce in his living room.
Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change.
Jim Rohn
When is the Jersey Laundoctor site going to be up and running again?
Say what you want, not many equal and no one better than Gary Thorne calling hockey.
Aoki's first MLB home run traveled an estimated 213 feet.
That's gotta be the shortest first HR ever, no?
brewers stats twitterbinge 8/24
This seven year old girl is talking about how she has a boyfriend and how she doesn't like fat boys  hahaha, I can't
any est.
publishers who work with nonfiction christian self help, inbox me plz.with your websites.
Mahomies NUMBERGAMEEE!
follow , tweet me your number and help us trend:
I swear I don't understand why we never tweeted each other sooner lol
You must stay doctornk on writing so reality cannot destroy you.
Ray Bradbury
Noenickx hates on my life.
I've looked around a bit too currently use Square but waiting for PayPal full release.
Its 500th of a  less but it all counts.
Happy Easter: Jesus isnt going to do anything....i promise
That's a balk.
U told me u LOVE Call Me Maybe so thought I was doing u a favor RT : love it when ppl play same song over  over
This type of night brings out a much different type of RedSox fan!
Comical the things u hear on tv tonight.
Username already taken WHO STOLE MY IDEA.
Don't you just love when people don't tell you anything....
/;
Thanks Phil.
Another 6 weeks of our current summer/winter is just fine with me.
I CAN'T FIND MY FAVORITE SONG ON YOUTUBE?!?!
I had just listened to it earlier now there's no founds for it?!?!
Is Netflix streaming down?
Tried 3 different devices with no luck.
Name a movie
Enjoying the last of the Kilschandoctor Irish Red tonight.
Good stuff.
is on Facebook and MySpace now as well!
About to do a 4 am shed..
Look for us at the Santa Teresa Kaiser Farmers Market Sat 9am2pm.
Find us on facebook!
To want to be what one can be is purpose in life.
thats sweet...thank you: Happy vday to you!
Which is all to say that I agree with you culturally, but am compelled to disagree from a biz perspective
: Silly boys, don't you know us girls ALWAYS find out EVERYTHING?!?!
hey can you teach me how to Dougie????
; Lol
Omg chills watching on America's Got Talent!!!
Go Sacramento!
He's CRAZY talented, so happy to see him shine on national TV!
Call fire department.
Not 911.
Call your local station directly.
even the is on twitter.
fear
it seemed like kramer pumped BAC today
People irritate me so much
Long lines at 4am in the airport.
How is this possible?!
Wow thats a fuckn soccer game right there
YouHadMeAt i love to cook...
do a good deed..
follow thanks, bye.
Goat Races and a mechanical bull sound like fun?
They will be at LoveVoodoo Fest next week...
Fun starts Saturday...
WOO HOO!!!
The fact HAPPYBIRTHDAYPRINCETON is already trending, and that his trending :o
R/T S/O my nigga did the damn fool last night, had Bella32 off the chain, happy b day big homie....
Awesome!
We'd love to see a pic!
no I don't wanna go I may doctorve
listed on our cd and spread to our fans as The exclusive provider for our live event tshirts
Data Sufficiency problems, why so mean?
:
They're letting us place orders if we are here!
Too bad I don't have the money for one.
Anyone wanna buy one for me?
I'm actually going to the Univision upfront tomorrow.
I don't usually watch their stuff, but am going anyway.
God please.
Tomorrow I got my aunts funeral, doin hair, and hopefully sum QT  bonding time...
thanks!
Hopefully you can go next year!
What are you talking about?
They've won 9 of 10 RT : Meanwhile, the Marlins fall behind the Mets.
What else is new
Excited to have 's Jim Szoke in our sports promotion course to talk about athlete media training.
RT : 5 years ago today Chicago lost Blair Holt...
and we haven't stopped losing young people ever since.
stop the violence.
I CAN'T BREATHE CORRECTLY RN.
how can someone be so flawless.
there better be posters for this photo shoot.
Mike's comeback in 1983: tore a ligament vs the White Sox at Memorial.
Missed 3 months...orioles if not for him, O's do not win WS
Still feeling the sting of last night's lost
Goodnight 3 Tommy!!
you need to have an active game to add players
I'm jealous!
Have fun!
Just spent the a.m.
reading Friends with Boys from start to its current page, and loved.
Can't wait for more!
Sometimes a concept is baffling not because it is professorund but because it is wrong
let me know when you get to
ohh i was about too say Coddy are you serious but your kiddig hahha!
Feeling grateful for the military veterans in my family.
My hubby, my brother and my nephew, who is a US Marine.
Thank you for your service
My iphone is jailbroken once again!
I love being able to create my own wifi hotspot using 3g!
E'rybody's in The Quart'r gettin' tipsy.
Sorry I meant it not is :D
I crack my knuckles with glee, knowing that lightning bolts of utter nonsense shall soon pass through them and onto the page.
Volunteers are needed Sat 5/5 at Coventry PEACE Park cleanup.
102 rain or shine.
Hope you had funn!!
:
Hold the right on it
Marshmallow juice?
I've heard it all now...
RT : USF2NYC is trending in Tampa!
:
I switch gears on them jealous niggas who do you fear
20ThingsAboutMe I would do anything to be with oomf and for things to be perfect 3
Thanks for the FF mention and compliment!
Hope you had a great weekend and are staying warm/doctor today!
girl u look so good I'd lick the ice cream outa ya cone while playing with the cherry
Good morning, I wish everyone a blessed day :
is this a video?
There is hope for the future because God has a sense of humor and we are funny to God.
Bill Cosby
Swear I been here for ages
to get the christmas tree
Happy Francophile Friday!
That was a little creepy.
I won't ever leave you.
All money isn't good money.
RT : RT i grew up with soldiers.
i learned how to die a long time ago 1vsM  saw this last night.
such a gr8 line
c'monn even my grandma has facebook....da fuqq are these people doing?
: bought a deluxe edition DVD of The Wedding Crashers last night.
Is it weird that I have it displayed on my coffee table like an art book?
Sitting at a table with great musicians.
Grateful for musically gifted friends!
: I want to take two basketballs and try and make the halfcourt shot.
Good thinking.
Better odds that way.
I'm gud u must have been eating.....done got nice and fluffy?
Lamont looks dead today
Yeah, I gotta be stopped...
it's what's exciting about digital humanities.
Always something to learn.
Stay newby  ppl will teach you cool stuff!
sorry to hear about this, is here to help
Wake up the dawn and ask her why?
A doctoramer doctorams, she never dies.
ooc; come on.
So you had a fight with your man.
Big deal.
When are you gonna forgive me?
gotta pee..
lmboo
AWW.
He had a long night!
:P 3
I enjoy how it went from Whitney to mister Shue has issues
says, Quit things that aren't working.
Winners know when to quit.
Is there something you need to quit?
That's the rumor going around the internet.
Dear idolgivesback I'd be a million times more likely to donate if you didn't have Bill Gates asking me for money.
Is in US Weekly!!!!
OMG.
FFVBUSPX
I honestly was surprised lmao
dude.
You're old.
Lol.
3WordsForYou you got twitter?
I hope the Pacers beat Miami Heat there a Cockey team they should shut up  play Basketball D.Rose is quiet they can learn from him.
Seriously watch that video about google glass.
it's crazy!!!
Max B understood how to write a hook
Jesse Nickelson: How do you measure political voice if your participants are too young to vote?
Lemme get a Newport.
doctoramhack only reserves shit seats for their players at the final.
Good joke.
A designer just sent an assistant to get more LaCrasia gloves for their show in 3 hours.
Now that is last minute.
Gloves make the clothes?
hi and thanks for the RT!
just saw Michael Franti at the 9:30 Club in DC.
Fun fun fun!
Give me a woman who loves beer and I will conquer the world.
Kaiser Wilhelm
West to Caleb: Yes, we're going to looking at that.
We're going to do something about it.
Backed up by Commissioner Scott.
Red yellow and green :D RT : I wanna know your 3 favorite colors!
Go!
:
BTW, how is digitizing 'chinese englishmen' coming along?
do u want me to show u the text u sent me
can u do more imagine?!
Plzz :
Thats errrdayy!!
RT : Why is babe arguing with me!
:O
2 Free Bud Lights for anyone using the iphone app tonight
I actually don't have a case of the Monday's today I enjoy it
so I meant to reply not retweet.
Miss the DZ fam...
how are the twins?
:
and where the hell is that
Tom Kane rocked the VO for the Academy Awards tonight.
Twitter definitely just got some love from me.
Thank God for Google Translator!
I do have one year of French in college.
it is.
I be so depressed when I see tweets and statuses say I'm going to me ccw class Smh.
We Buy Ugly Houses Declares Homeowners Should Sell Their Home Before They Buy a New One Newbies to real estate experience lots of difficu
YOU WIN!
But really, lose.
Womp womp.
Lets go
Anal Contusion
The library will be CLOSED on Mon., Oct.
10 for Columbus Day...
But stop by tomorrow for live music 13pm!
Hello TC!
I was wondering if there are opportunities to volunteer?Helping childoctorn overcome grief, loss, trauma is my doctoram.
: A little movie fact for your weekend.
John Cazale was in five movies.
All five were up for Best Picture G 3 a joke tho
Got my milkshake : Sad part is I can't really doctornk the dam thing.
Design continues on a 1M custom home in Rancho Santa Fe.
The design team and owner met with the Architectural oversite committee on Friday.
Just hours away from rolling on the final day of pickup shots on the epic The Garden I'm producing!
Can't wait!
getting ready to finish prepping gallery for Stacey.
then we have to pick up her large photos...in the rain.
Back at ya Cindy Lee!
RT if you love
Ooh, yeah, I still love that name!
: If we do open it, will you promise to cook for a Pakistani night?
:
Mick you'll always be a headliner.
Creepy?
I mean, um.
Committed.
Yes that's what I mean.
P.s.
I got you and Jen some shirts.
ya estou mesmo a verte daniela hello, my name is daniela.
do you like portugal?
are you understanding me?
I'm from russia AHAH
a good list.
Stay doctor!
We're working right now to expand that chart, and if you have any other features you'd like to see please just let us know!
Some tweeps with good content to follow:
Hey, thanks!
We'll definitely be seeing you out at the State Fair next week
Boots, white doctorss, ALL YEAR.
Severe surplus of sober people in the stewart computer lab
snicker like school kids
I miss seeing your episode on MTv come back they always gave me hope and tips in life .
Only 8 more followers until 800!!
:
I 3 someone but cant tell you guys yet:
The 7D back and top protector were sent a few days ago.
Thanks again, can't wait to see your review.
: RT : S/O to callin to check up on her customers :
It is not always about saying the same thing in both languages as it is to get the same reaction in both languages.
RT  who do you think will win the soccer World Cup qualifier  USA or Mexico?
and on TeamArie.
I knew my MA sisters were beautiful AND smart!
Dear workload, please stop accumulating.
Signed, the humans
torn acl for Mo ugh
Not sure how to respond...
:/
Great seeing you guys the other night.
Looking forward to catching up at Creation next month.
Sweet potatoe casserole, green bean casserole, and turkey ....are all calling my name :
At the airport.
Flying some artifacts home.
Love my job but it is too early for this.
Tuesday's game between the Colorado Avalanche and St.
Louis Blues has been postponed because of severe winter weather in St Louis.
Obsesionada con las canciones Blue Jeans y Born to Die de
So take your pick...do you want to play the Rangers or Caps?
This is very true.
YOU BETTER DO IT ANYWAYS
Diff b/w clean observation  judgment is that when observ is clean, stdt uses senses.
breakingtraditions w/ M.Kelly
must go to Whalen's for live music, can check schedule online, catch a tradition play at the Abbey, Guiness tour, Paddy Wagon bus tour
When are you moving to Miami?
Im so happy because its closer to me and im going to Orlando in June:D
It's even more than that  there's a personal connection.
Conversation before business transaction.
NFL GC Gary Gertzog says there are 75 concussion lawsuits and more than 2,000 plaintiffs.
Subject of discussion for years!
Which SuperBowl commercial was the Best Commercial of SB46 for you?
Fun!
RT : JOIN US HolidayHQ Twitter Party 8pm ET Tips  Recipes just for MOM plus PRIZES from
It's easy to say, 'I love you,' to someone, but it's more meaningful to thank someone for loving you
I call hax.
Fake.
Gotta be.
I'm doctorwning in the well of my sins and selflessness
somethings never change, do they!
I wish you luck Chuck.
Any Republican these days mktg himself as a moderate is a great start.
Right?
Tweetdeck, what's going on here?
come over and help me study poli sci!
woohoo orange line is delayed...
To avoid any angst, yes, indeed, I have retired officially as of Friday.
I will still bug you, however, as a freelancer.
Well done, emcees  !
my twitter be following random ppl and this shit would follow ...that's funny lol
: us!
Come down and see us for some GREAT CRAFT BEER AND COCKTAILS!
We also have some of the BEST NON BAR FOOD IN SOUTH SIDE
why hello there!
Homemade tacos for dinner tonite then me and bae chilling
thank you means a lot
please to mintzplasse to follow me direct msg him please buddy
The twivelege is all mine...
lol..
aren't a couple twitty cats : 
OMG I KNOW!!!!
lol and hi :p BUT AHDLSBNJ I FREAKIN LOVE EM AND HIS NOISE!!
XD
Everthing must GO HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!!
up to 65 off !!!
12.31.2010 is our last day !!!!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
aawww, all these birthday wishes are amazing.
sorry i didn't really tweet a lot, i was mostly spending time with my family
Don't piss your talents and abilities away !
Make the most of them.
When you experience setbacks, and get doors slammed In your face.
Be sure to doctorp kick that door back open.
Literally!!!
Walking around panama city beach with torre
...The last thing I remember was the unfamiliar taste of someone on my lips country nowplaying pain is delicious
heck yes.
Wonder woman!
help you?
what?
;
Fab fusion of elements w/ kymandjaleel3412 Dance great history lesson: when song 1st released; never could have happened.
My hearts about to explode.
Ah
RT ISConf Taylor from B Wise Giving Alliance: time to get off the doctorg that overhead cost ratios are meaningful
Holy shit it's so nice outside!
Apply 2 inches of prescription organic matter around trunk, covering area where turfgrass was removed.
Do not mound against trunk.
good moning Bestie: another long day ahead of me, but I'm get it done!
How are you doing
There are no stupid questions, just stupid people mister Garrison
So workout buddies all busy.
A run out in this beautiful park it is
So I have an idgaf attitude towards ppl it's not on purpose all the time jus when I'm n an idontfeellikebeingbothered mood
Same at 83.
MT Low turnout at Pct 81 in ward 6, but no problem getting folks that do vote to sign petition.
You're at ATT Park...
No XFINITY Partnership there...
although Comcast SportsNet is heavily involved.
Have a great time!
Big Bang Theory is possibly the funniest show ever!!
:D
finally the weekend!!
Hey sweetie
Thanks for the follow, misterHorror!
Long live NYC!
thanks for following me back again.
I didn't know that you will.
I guess that's what happens when people never say never.
c:
City.
Wow.
Just wow.
Love seeing the shocked Man U fans reaction upon learning of the improbable.
Congrats to QPR too.
Cut Barton.
what up california
RT : RT : We have a new showcase, The Wind Up on Thursday nights at 9:30  awesome Chicago comedians!
Time to go hoop
PWG World's Finest main event was really good.
Gonna watch Willie/Roderick in a bit but gonna try to watch all of KRR3 first.
Man I am starving right now uggh
I say we steal the fucken things and use them as paperweights.
LMFAO!!!
Pepper needs new shorts
The Postal Service should consider eliminating Sat deliveries to reduce gov cost/debt.
Should consider sale to private sector!
cubs win, dabulls vs heat, hawks playoffs...
And I still jones for dabears news!
Back to work  Hello Xcode, we meet again..
Kiss slowly, laugh insanely, love truly and forgive quickly
Also Loved Midnight in Paris....
Lol I Got You RT : you still owe me some..lol
thank you for the mention.
People wanna argue because I don't reply to a ping but Im playing music kmt LooOOooL SO WHAT!
The world revolves around me in my world not U
If doctor Martin Luther King Jr.
was alive, what would he be tweeting about?
Sending out any last minute announcements from here...stay tuned
what u doing in chi town?
amazing saeng!!
: you don't forget to remember me: i'm soo touched.
kk:
Portland Zipsters: Who wants to win a free day in an Audi?
Share with us a haiku for your fave Audi In Zipcarland  you could win!
thank the Lord for Bria's mom saving me from this hair catastrophe.
craftbeer is a 1.
What other perks yall got?
;
don't blow up my twitter with hieroglyphics!!!
hahah it's a message telling u u got std
thanks so much for talking with this morning!
Survivor Troyzan what is up!!!
our last sunday was in January...
Just Seen A List Top 20 NFL CB's.
If Brent Grimes Is 11 On That List, Then I Must Be 12.
He's Doesent Belong.
Outraged!
We're on our way now.
Coming from Westwood.
Will you be there?
A little sad I won't be in AZ for Spring Training this year.
But it'll be okay when I am at Safeco Field in April.
Don being an ass.
madmen is back.
When my little cousins come barging into my grandparents house screaming while I'm trying to nap 
that's right  and then I notice that I eat more than I really need or ultimately want  an unhealthy cycle  okay gotta run :D
i feel ya cuz it dont make or brake me if a mahfucka dont like which side i wear minez on i'm a still b Mussalini at the end of tha day.
How do the Seattle Seahawks make the NFL playoffs  79  the Oakland Raider do not  88.
That just shows how week the NFC is this year.
: Yes!!!
I am in a place in Vancouver filled with APU peeps...
feelingold I like to think of it as being
Dude, there's legit not.
Everyone looked like a total dork chasing this runaway ping pong ball all around the room.
I dunno..
you might have to beg for that one :
Stuck offshore on a postage stamp size platform on a windy Mother's Day, wish I was home with my family.
Happy Sunday!
Oh, dear god!
I just had lingenberries!
When I was weak u showed me ur strength, I'm convinced I can do ANYTHING w u!
There's no mountain too high nor valley too low....
now she is acting like its all cool
Enjoying working at the celebrity fashion show!
Go Dallas best!
Some the new music and genres that are coming out....are out of this world!
thanks so much!!
Hope you have a great weekend :
are you going to be at spring assembly tho weekend?
You got your shotgun and you shot em dead.
Follow us and get more follower as we are following back at same time
Probably have to avoid Mitt Romney friending me on Facebook.
RT What would you do with 500 million?
LinkedData also goes beyond ODBC by actually enabling whole data representation that exploits dereferencable URIs, via EAV/RDF model.
I'm starting to lose interest...
Let it snow!
Let it snow!
Let it snow!
We are closed today.
I'm gettin mine soon bro.
I think my 1 year old has an al qaeda in his diaper
Oh c'mon, I know Blurays weren't around back then.
Shout out to my brother everyone follow him
seems to me that more of us should write about how  when this happens to us so others can avoid our mistakes.
not on a work nite please!
omg it totally would be but it's on a Wednesday!
famous people are just regular people.
why don't we get 2M followers?
is going to Bulgaria on Sunday to see family
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!
I hope all of you have an amazing one!!
It's a British invasion for nyfw.
Rocking my little white doctorss.
I need a boyfriend like Johnny Depp.
Awesome come back !
Looks like I'm staying up a while longer.
And We're Live with the 2010 MDA Telethon!
aw :  I'm having a moment of silence from here.
All Star team ;
These allergies are mean.
oh good she will be home soon...
I hate you InternetExplorer7.
Still 13 of our browser base...
All I have to say is using zoom:1; to fix display:inlineblock; IS RETARDED.
no wonder I love that song so much!!!
Phil wrote it!!!
Thanks for the props!
Glad you joined us.
:
I Thank God Today For Waking Me Up To Breath This Air Into My Soul An The Sun To Set Upon My Skin...Happy Birthday mister Johnson
: 120K car stolen from Vegas SEMA show FAIL guess dude felt like playing grand theft auto IRL
That is one awesome chess board
Not true if account for proper breathing.
:
So gorgeous!
GET to WORK DUDE!
On are way to get our 15 straights!
Hahahahah don't be like that
Baking cupcakes!!!
10 Clippers3 a WINNER while the over falls.
63 on the night!
Is it possible to sneeze in your sleep?
Asking since I just woke up to have a sneezing fit.
train push, learn pull; sure I can learn from training but it's my choice to do so.
Hi Dylan!
I love it here!
man, that sounds wonderful right now, reminds me of the Ft.
Collins days
I was thinking the same thing.
look fresh!
: doctorss to impress...???
What does that mean??
Last minute outfit hunting with brosisbonding
Lol, I used too.
But my sister grew out of that phase so I don't anymore.
be safe!!
What a blessing it would be if we could open and shut our ears as easily as we open and shut our eyes
Finally fixed my monitor!
Took a restore point from 2 week ago  unplugging both VGA  power, but it's fixed.
Now to get rid of headache...
good luck tonight 3
enjoy Pujols while you still can.
He'll be in a cubs uniform next year
Pretend to be normal.
Dexter
How people gonna put God in a sentence with cuss words..
Need an opinion.
About to release our Mourn 4 original song, For the Love of the Game.
Who should we have premier it?
Back in Baltimore after participating in the 2010 St.
Vincent's Medical Center Foundation's Swim Across the Sound.
Happy Easter to you too.
Take care
June is a busy month for me my Prom June1,Graduation June12, Bday June16 and I hope I can atart Empire June18
Ha, it worked out for the Cubs, thus ensuring future bunts.
RT : Here at jbfawards.
Congrats to btv foodie Molly Stevens whose cookbook roasting just won!
I can pick some nice movies to watch
It's been a strange winter for sure, eh?
:
Were you able to sign up at the conf?
I didn't see an option on their website...
All the Sox got cold together and they'll all get hot together.
Should happen any day now and just in time for the playoffs.
Can I swear on this?
.....
his eyes looks so innocent :
ONE MIND, ONE BODY, TAKE CARE OF IT!!!!
LET ME HELP 3ARWALK3R....
Spent all day in the studio, think I'll have a new song out soon.
Country Music Marathon won by firsttimers
it's Saturday at 100pm
MarchMadness starts today, which means another commercial frenzy will be taking place.
Tweet at us with some of your favorites you see.
7 more days left of school
The Truck and will both be at Pyrotopia tonight at 8pm.
Thanks!
Honestly, I do think it's quite reasonable; my hair has been so much happier since I started going to Jeny.
:
don't really wanna do it this year....but idk what else i do and you'll bother me if i don't...so i guess i have to do it.
I like boys who like girls who eat carrots.
End of Story.
More than 60 percent of the food on your local grocery store shelves now contain genetically altered elements that require no labeling.
Today's Soups: Beef Mushroom Barley, Cream of Asparagus,  Chili
LOOKING FOR FOLLOWERS I FOLLOW BACK!!!
BAHAMAS :
i just fucking love big time rush ok.
76DAYS!
:D
ConfesssionHour People would talk about me so bad i tried to comit suiside four times :
...and snap your fingers at the rest of it.
Voltaire
M this mango berry smells good!!
CONGRATS I'll Have Another on your WIN!
On that thought, I'll Have Another!
It's DV awareness month.
What will you do to raise awareness about family violence?
Hello October!
oh shit this confirms it yes?
Wtf i did not need all of that backstory and one LITTLE paragraph about them
we'll hang out soon, alright?
:
What's for lunch?
It's already midnight!?
What?!?
Visit at apsa2011!
Stop by the UPK booth for 30 discounts and to meet UPK director and editor Steve Wrinn!
BadFirstDateQuestions You on birth control right?
i need a friend who goes to the 6am or 9am class to tell me what the wod is!
somedays i just cant stand not knowing!
This song has tired me the flip out!
I hope it sounds good to you guys!
Getting ready for our new event, Ink  Gold, with DJ Kid Cedek this Saturday featuring Purity Vodka and the Martian!
Editing my interview for next weeks Weightlifting Academy show ...
and doctornking homemade brandy
Worth the wait of a stupid replay.
Clippers up by 1 over Mavs with 1.0 sec left
Had one of those days where all I can do when I get home is look at cute dog pictures.
Well if your not going to reply then i'm going to bed.
Just wanted to text you before i went to bed.: Lol night.!
No way, 2???
That's crazy how fast time flies!
Mother39;s Day Gifts: 39;GMA39; Exclusive Deals and Steals for Mom
Today has been a gr8 day!
The ultimate purpose of your business is to create value.
i'd laugh if I were u.
TOWN HELL Yeah I Rep The Brew/I'm the real beef in the STEW/These NIGGAS ACTIN soft but they think they real cool/But THEY AINT COOL
My boyfriend works to support me / ain't that'a shame!
CRAP!
won this year!!
,next year please win for me!
Tomorrow my friends are all gonna be in my face saying u lost!
She wants me 2 go out  get them for her but girl I can't be two places at one time.
If you think you lonely now, wait until tonight girl
Yes.
Attack ads must only be used on fellow GOPers.: Is Romney right to preemptively repudiate the Jer Wright/Obama attack ads
jaden smith is opening for one direction?
jaden has songs?
Iverson pouts his way out of contract, will be a free agent by end of the week
Super Bowl Sunday!
Charles Darwin interests me, watching the Science channel ;
the parched chicks
Yesterday was a big day, it marked 5 of the year passed already.
So what were your goals?
Resolutions?
Are you 5 there yet?
I'm pissed off that ringer was cancelled!!!
Does Bridget get off the floor!????
your an amazing woman, hero, mother..dont let no body put you down....i love you soo much 3
I'm thinking about Central Asia for my next trip but first Hanover this weekend.
too bad I won't see you.
when baby coming?
no donuts for you gerald
Hey Derek, thanks for the retweet!
People still go there Bt it's boring...
hey, I love you too.
Even though this isnt really working.
No way lol
Watching MNF but thinking I've accidentally switched to The Poseidon Adventure on TCM.
For cripes sakes, a transformer went out.
And i dont look lik crap?
What..
I didnt cry once today.
I did come close though.
Regardless, im proud of myself.
Thanks Mark!
Early wake up call at 6:30 from the little onemore coffee...then church
Cinderella lost her slipper, not her virginity.
You don't need to have sex to find your prince.
hey man
For those who are curious, our BracketBuster game vs.
Fairfield should be a 3 pm tip.
Look for official release tonight or tomorrow.
idk but imma start crying soon im watching titanic
are you here in DC for the frenchmarket in georgetown?
Or maybe its the Correspondence dinner...
Mother of Mary...
Check my video out on youtube.com under tessiyah...fck your last girl.
Come back to jojo marvins room
FUCK SPECIAL K AINT NUTHN SPECIAL ABOUT HIS ASS EXCEPT THOSE BIG ASS TEETH HE GOT
Follow some good friends of mine
I miss the old days when we all use to rock adidas
You have none!
your icon is not creepy if you dont want it to be remeber your own swag;its what you want spikey mikey fusco :
Oh, is that what we were doctornking?
It was lovely!
rumor has it that you're returning your iPad?
a little birdie told me.
I do NOT approve
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy but here's my number so call me, maybe?
Men are failures, not because they are stupid, but because they are not sufficiently impassioned.
Never, champs forever.
Therapy harnesses healing power of horses
Good luck!
Let us know if you make it!
Happy Friday!
:
I really appreciate Mariana's Trench and I am so jealous of my new friend for winning bamboozle tickets.
that's a combination of two swear words
I certainly do!
It's been difficult being out of town so much but I definitely want to ride this summer.
There's no way to
fabulous!
Can't wait to receive an update!
The Acclaro Twitter account was hacked.
Please DELETE any DM w/link sent from us this weekend.
Sorry for any inconvenience.
Hm having some troubles but that wont get me down : Also is glad Johnny Depp won for best actor on KCA!
:
what is your technical addoctorss?
I'm doing 's taxes
ily.
I felt like I had to say that bc I'm not too obsessive anymore.
Youll always be my hero and I'll love you FOREVER3
Seeing HP7p2 in preparation for Harry Potter World on Monday
Office meeting today.
Keeping open the line of communication is helpful for all employees.
Reassessing once a month is good too
ya know.
No.
But I was a little less Brit.
I was way more
ooh great idea, I'll try too..
some of the truest shit you ever said T
so you know if its meant to be or you can love the person for the rest of your life.
All marry couples need a prenup so that way there isn't any bullshit if it doesn't work out
Find Your Own Swag.....
Who is the biggest surprise in MLB so far in the 2012 season?
Colorado Sports Organization  Extra Innings Littleton  Colorado Rockies
Yay!!
Goosebumps for you over here!
Another girl!!
Names???
How many of you are downloading Instagram today?
Bald is beautiful.
good how are you.
hmm maybe ; i'm talking with this company.
we will see.
Watching the B52s at
follow me girl mister get loud all day
Social by the Numbers: Demographics Across Verticals j.mp/vcDfDW via
Day 4 without dessert.
I will shiv you for a piece of carrot cake or a piece of white chocolate raspberry Napoleon.
Checking out Google  it seems really intuitive  sleek....
But can it topple Facebook?
uumm doubt it.
ahaha really!?
:D if you do thank you so much and if you wnat i'll try to get lady gaga to follow you :
when is it my turn to be pretty already :
What a perfect day for family, holidays and ICE CREAM!!!
Click Clack had a busy weekend that included Chuck E Cheese and 3 nieces!
Orders will be sent tomorrow!
Watching this doc.
on the watts riots in LA with my pops.
yea that's cool ur mom can email if she wants  use the email on the site  thanks
you sir are a genius.
Congrats to I'm so proud of you.
text me i have a question lol
got your stickers in the mail today, thanks.
I'll find some good places to stick 'em
: Sipping on my Sangriayes :
We'll reconcile by winning.
Congrats Kimmie!
MU legend!
or how abt u snooze u loose:
gonna work off that wine and chocolate with a sweet air guitar solo.
Lol!
A small number of San Diego police are massing near the eastern edge of the Civic Center.
occupysd protesters are doctorining water barricades
I have family up there.
Need help?
RT : My husband's stranded in Irvine with no gas and no cash.
Good times.
Smh you kids have
Samsung unveils quadcore Galaxy S I with 4.8quot; AMOLED screen  Apple Insider
Gosh, who thought that was a good idea?
How many can follow me in one day?
R U up 2 the Challenge?
hahah shure it is!!!
;D we need to go to la tienda and buy some haha!!
What's yummier on TopChef Masters, the food or CurtisStone?
Like the jacket and the Red Adidas!!!
Then again you make Mud look good.
you must the ghost faced killa
Wow.
Hang up on me.
Sign up until 8:40 pm for tonight's 7 pm tournament.
140 buy in.
Late registrants start with 10,000 chips.
Bounce for Autism THIS Thursday at a PUMP IT UP near you!
Money raised goes to Autism Society of America.
Finished with my first film audition party time!
:
Wheatley: Instead of challening insane systems, instead we maintain close watch on our own personal sanity.
Lots of snow here in St.
Paul!
damn.
gotta play the lottery, start some sort of moonshine biz or strike oil in my backyard.
I SHOULD GET OFF TWITTER OMG
: RT : Goodbye Houston.!
u comin to Dallas???yes mam
Come check out the rest of my openhouses for the day!
They're going from 11am  3:30pm.
RT if you want the addoctorsses.
via
Thinkin bout recording some music
Riviera Spa is now offering Organic Hair Services!
Performed by our Award Winning Hair Artist Alexander Antonio!
SO to my brother the rockstar MT is playing with , , and Cory Chisel at
hey guys im bored......If u wanna hangout..call me....
if i didn't have a wedding that day, I would've.
WeWontWork if I can't see my face in your shoes.
: it's 8:46 pm...
D6 was suppose to be in DuPont at 8:11..
WTF????
Dumbasses!
Idiots!!!
Every day the same thing!
:D RT :  I are currently making 's bracelet :
I've been waiting a week to hear heard it all before on the radio.
Sunshine Anderson
Gavin was the dancing sandwhich though aww
Keith Seabrook, also with the San Antonio Rampage, has one assist in three games during the playoffs
Just retweeted my official John Varvatos promo video everyone watch it!!
Thanks!
It's always amazing to hear what people think about our music.
I heard you should right down your goals..
If you don't they are just doctorams, they will only stay in your head...
Lets go 2012
was 100 sure I was not high before watching that video.
Now, I just don't know.
SHE THINK SHE CAN SING LOL
IT'S THE AMBERLAMPS?
Time to research scholarships using the skills I learned my first semester.
we do both auto and home...it was home in this case.
Sending off proposals to potential new clients.
I'm feeling confident that I will have more new clients soon!
Held a great workshop at UNSW with on youth  technology research yesterday.
Today it's a workshop on sexting.
we would know!
Cards win!!
Get over yourself.
Damn.
I finally got the little shop of horrors song reference in family guy.
Take your meds
Let's see how you feel when I 'don't mention' something to you...
oh my gosh this is amazing, im a fatty cause i got two wraps haha but yes this queso is delicious
i cant wait to listen to you on its going to be so exciting that tomorrow right?
Hardest part about recovering from back injection is wanting to get active and having to wait...
need to take it slow.
Gonzo tells storyRizzo eatsAbsentminded spirits visitBelle is jilted againTHE MUPPET XMAS CAROL!
6pmFREECarlsbad Library
It's about time I started shaking hands and kissing babies
And the people said to Joshua, We will serve the LORD our God and obey him.
Joshua 24:24
We think that fetched a pretty penny on ebay.
I partied with the Department of Public Works in a secret underground lair so we could get ready for the Marathon!
Aww, You too, Mega, and thank you both!!
It's a good day when you can see 's sunny face in passing :
How did it go?
Are compact florescent bulbs supposed to flicker?
Mine are, and it's doctorving me crazy!
Any ideas?
Can't believe my internship ends in a weekthen back to school.
Senior year here I come.
Bye fisherprice.
:
yeah he followed me after he tweeted me both before school
we might be working on something together.
I like your grind.
I.M.Pei Building China Modern is starting now on
Just realized my boy Stack Jack unfollowed me!!!
Say it ain't so
Why, Oh Why can't you fix your website?
It's been busted for months.
Same here.
And I've enjoyed those events, but mostly because I get to chat w/ chip engineers, etc.
Thank you to for donating 3 flats of petunias to the SilverSpring Garden Club  we'll plant them at Holy Cross Healing Garden
I really like having a beard because when there's a day I'm not vey productive I can check Trim Beard off my list and feel accomplished.
False  labeling is only required when the modification could cause an allergic reaction.
www.kandizone.com lying is lying no matter how you justify it!!!!
Use your noodle today and come taste what's new 4 amazing noodle bowls, pork belly, lobster, chicken thigh, ahi.
Best part of an office in downtown LA is getting there before 4 and being forced to work until 9 because you are trapped by traffic.
Would the Dolphins give a 2 this year  next?
Philbin know Flynn.
Camaraderie is vital.
..we always talk about how its so doctorma filled so what good would that do?
I get there we date for 3 weeks then ppl start rumors we break up
No matter how good the review, if your printondemand book has a horrible cover, it's not going to work
Didnt know you use this too.
The whole crew is almost here haha.
Except .
Huge loss hahah.
The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion.
Camus
LOVE that scarf in your photo!!
:
Any creative talent looking for a freelance gig in metro Detroit?
has you covered!
DM me  let's talk!

baseball  is my favorite sport.
have you met ?
He's the guy whom I heard about the earlier tweet re: infrapreneurial role in NYC
Just heard a remake of a song from the Little Mermaid and it sounds terrible!
Let my love take you higher 'cause I still turn to you 
First frozen custard of the summer.
Yum!
shoulder pain :
i use it more as an archive of things i might need to recall later
FF:
NO NO is expecting.
I will be in NOLA w you  a hurricane!
RT
Help!
you know of any local concrete pros that could do a custom cast fireplace surround?
I dawg tha bitch u call tha bitch I hit tha bitch u miss tha bitch if thats yo main what is she to me?
Trying to do a little pinning here and there, it's so very visual.
It appeals to my crafting and cooking alter ego...
Finally got a twitter: maybe that will keep me from getting blocked: haha
Back to the school grind.
Third degree program in 6 years has begun.
My head is not in the game.
This better pay off...
Sad, but true!RT::This Seasons contestants have DESTROYED Spirit of BIGGEST LOSER!!!
Oh thanks for sharing this!
My Tripp was featured on Goshen Animal Clinic's Facebook page today!
He's just so handsome!
so proud :' happy moment.
From baby to boyfriend.
I love you, rt?
On what the first blunt a nigga smoked wasn't grass
HAPPY NEW YEAR TWEET PEEPS!!!!!
SMH!!
How many frogs am I gone kiss before I find my Prince???
never got it
The famous quote about conquering something because it was there does not apply to Spam sandwiches sold in malls.
Danger, Harvey.
Why the fuck can't I ever sleep??
Wiltrout says there are 4 characteristics of a strong brand: Simple, Authentic, Relevant, Distinctive
Love that Detroit mayor Bing responded to the Robocop statue issues via Twitter
New champs!
I Listen To It EveryDaay!!!!!!!!3
Travertine floors...we got it!
Check us out at www.elemetsfd.com
RT : Check out the today at 7:50pm Central time tonight to see Kathleen.
Haha well deserved, sir.
did u eat some free for me yesterday?
Heard lines were long?
No line too long for that froyo!!
hey DM ME
Seattle charges 3 xtra to pay a parking ticket online, but a check is free.
Ambush marketing.
Thoughts?
Legal implications?
Looking for any really good literature and insight.
Thanks in advance!
TOMORROW: Wisconsin night at in Arlington!
Join us 68p for frozen custard, games and prizes.
www.thedairygodmother.com
Blisters and bruises and back aches...signs that the derby season has begun.
: that would be the name ;
Im a slave to my studies and homework tonight.
Woot!!!
You're going to have a blast!
Finally honed my Facebook timeline to weed out grad school statuses, kid pics, and food pics.
I think I killed the IPO.
Such a slacker forget to mention I scored two books from a kind friend on World Book Night.
Happy!
damn, im jelious.
Job interview with Seven Questions this afternoon...
now, what on earth will those Seven Questions be?
RT : REMEMBER WHAT JESUS SAID ABOUT GAY MARRIAGE: .
Hey Mike, Thanks for the mention, why don't you DM us your shirt size so we can send you something to the UK from Los Angeles
sla2010 dsoc Nerida Hart we are a trusted professorssion thank god you're here!
is what our users/clients say when we arrive
Going for a smoke break cruise
I wish I had the balls to put damn, that shit was dope!
at the end of one of our songs like NWA.
How did the title, Peter Gun get past the censors and make it onto 1950s American TV?
Missing Nyoka who's off to D.C.
wth an old friend.
A much deserved trip that has been a long time coming,
: are you old enough to even doctorve??
Here I am with a degree in theatre  a milelong resume, but Kim K.
Gets a lead acting role.
me too...
I have to say I like Bobby in there over Teal, but not CJ :
Awesome games!!!
congrats on your winning streak!
Oh yeah  I also met you guys exactly one year ago :' aw
pretty sure that positioning calls for a PG, but gota give props for the unstoppable OMG hotness train!
Youre only two years older than me.
Darling, where have you been all my life?Christopher Plummer, 82, after winning his first Oscar...
With all the support to end rape in wartime, we have to also pledge to end rape wherever and whenever it occurs.
as long as they know what they are doing and have been trained appropriately.
NW Player's Club
thanks so much!!!
Let's set a speed record.
Next 10 iPad owners to get  me will be gifted a copy of my new storybook app.
RT if you like!
No restrictions.
unfortunately it was from 24.
It's through southern, three times a month by serafin, their master sommelier
ANOTHER DAY STILL doctorAMING AND PRAYING THAT YUH WILL NOTICE ME N FOLLOW THIS BIG FAN OF URS ME CUZ YUR MY IDOL MY WORLD : 3 6
Thank you for the follow!
Will be meeting you soon  !
And my iPhone reminded me to get gas when I woke this morning winning Siri is the sht
Thanks for the FF, Ruel!
Have a good weekend!
RT BREAKING NEWS: Baltimore County Police make 4 arrests in the murder of a man outside Towson Town Center.
cont
Women should WANT to cater to their man, NOT be obligated to
Every one go follow :
sports loses a great voice, a great person  RIP Jim Irwin
I have self entertaining older kids who sleepso I like breaks LOL but it is me trying to talk myself into loving 10 ENTIRE DAYS
I'm wait for new tour schedule.
:
I love summer!
sry.
It took me some longer
Those folks are limited to firstworldproblems in their lives.
Srsly, all but one of my neighbors doctorves a Lexus or Mercedes.
will do.
thanks for the encouraging words my friend, miss my miami fam RT: Mu brotha....you will be there sooner than you think!
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
They won't.
So they'll get thrown into another black hole and just get further and further away from us.
It's a perfect plan.
I just saw new avatar and laughed.
Aloud.
Brilliant and well played, sir.
your technology frightens and confuses me.
hold on for one more day!
Got me some wine....
Bitches love wine
You are welcome.
We shall do it again.
Naps always help refresh.
sorry we were hacked yesterday :/
Query: does absolutely no alcohol extend to the liqueur in chocolatecovered cherries?
If so, fml
me and watts gonna come get some forreal
It's always nice to have someone in your life that makes you smile even when they're not around.
watching watch legends of the hidden temple.
hahaha yes.
Ooh, thank you, !
Very cool graphic for reflection with mobile devices.
Signed on to a dating site as a mild dare.
Have discovered self to be blahzay blahzay about the entire process.
It's just not my thing.
HEYA IM ON TWITTER NOW TWEET TWEET!!!
twinkle shimmy
Have a fun and safe New Year's Eve!
What are you doing to celebrate?
wish you were
stayed tuned for the latest Jay Leno Davie Brown Celeb Rating in WSJ coming SOON
Santa margarita wins, 41 the first CAHA high school hockey championship
good idea!
Dwl
The Occupy Movement May Be in Retreat, but Its Ideas Are Advancing
Whenever I hear the music to BBCnews it always  always  reminds me of being overseas.
Holla!!
My dog just killed a bee for me in my apartment
Not at all!
thanks for the follow, looking forward to your input.
Keep tweeting.
amazing collection of Mantero Fabrics posted Our exclusive partnership offers great inspiration aligned with 2012 trends
I sure do
8:21am on a Saturday????
No spank you.
Back to sleep
Winwood is where it's at tonight
Love letterpress, and these invitations are absolutely gorgeous, congratulations!
haha having some troubles today babe or what?
How you been?
I Want Some Vanilla IceCream :
if we loved again, I swear Id love you right.
Need to pick out a casting couch to go with my new SAGAFTRA producer status.
that's how we do it down south
I don't think Nicolette's voice matches with her looks.
Just me?
Honestly, I don't need someone who sees the good in me.
I need someone who sees the bad and still wants me.
Goodnight twitter world, may everyone find a safe place to sleep tonight.
Is holistic thinking a bad thing if it makes me unable to focus on the most important part of a project without pulling in other details?
You ROCKED it on tonights episode.
1.
LOVED that you actually talked lol and 2.
Awesome duet song you two did...
It was SICK!
Kinda lost count of the doctorams I've had of u but they're all good :
You can't lose something you never had.
You can't make the same mistake twice, the second time, it's not a mistake, it's a choice.
500 followers!
Thanks everyone.
Go Twitter!
Thank you!
Red Velvet is one of our favorites too.
Heading to San Antonio Wednesday :...
Any suggestions?
There were model Metras, Amtraks, and freights.
One table had Lionel model trains, the other had KATO model trains!
thank you.
Thats All mic right there!
He needs to just do his presentation.
Too many sidetracks.
Also write a better presentation.
Hmm, they must have been close to my house.
They were really loud.
Thanks!
That was fun!
danielHERNDON: Cool, just saw on !
I am hungry...
New post: Garmin GPSMAP 546s Color Marine GPS / Sonar w/o Transducer
I've been playing my last day of school CD from 09.
It still bumps.
4/15 Dont miss it!
and the WA High School Cycling League, Mountain Bike Racing Series, race 2
Dignityofwork Or the years I spent working as a housecleaner, scrubbing rich people's toilets.
As dignified as a Winsdor.
Going to basketball practice.
Bye
America Beer on tap.
Broken glAss in dark alleyways.
Sacramento.
San francisco.
Locke.
praying for your family especially Rick.
awesome!
glad to help.
would love to go to BC..what's up w 300 student registration?!
shall we copresent somewhere more affordable?
its alright an are u going forgive me
Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your selfconfidence
Sleeping until twelve today was probably a bad idea.
Can't sleep now 
then you must get bored alot :
I can't figure out discernable patterns among my readership.
I am continually mystified.
Love it!!
Waiting in like to get smoked by a Windows phone.
I was promised I'd get a 25 gift card if I lose.And that I wouldn't be in a commercial.
loves listening to the Yanks on WCBS.
Gov of Ark
Now Following !
YAY for henry!!
come be on my show!
1 show in detroit.
thanks to the mommies:
HW should rename all their remakes CLUELESS.
You know, like Alan Smithee for a director who doesn't want to be associated with a bad film.
Up early in the morning did the Hollywood club thing.
Shook hands and met a couple of LA connects ya know.
also highly relevant in 1Q84: the word processor, something which I'll take up at 2013 Eaton/SFRA conf
Rain/storms are done.
That was interesting.
Wow.
Great q they may not nec care, but diversity of perspectives would lend a richness to discussions
Spinkles cupcakes are good, I'm not sure they are worth a half million dollars!
The wierd moment when someone's zipper is down  you don't know whether to tell, because you can't explain why you were looking that low
Seattle friends: get yourself to the tonight.
It's going to be a fun show with !
And bring your cameras.
.
WI primaries are open so u can cross parties when voting for different offices, yes.
Can't vote for 2 ppl for same office, tho.
Sorry that Fish got the worst of it.
Standing up 2 bullies is every1's duty even when they have a badge and a gun.
Thank you Fish!
Washington County BOS closed session to discuss annexation allowed by statute allowing for discussion of potential interlocal agreements.
You must not only aim right, but doctorw the bow with all your might.
Henry David Thoreau
hey there how are darlin?
Haters come in all forms, shapes and sizes...
Ugh , freaking Erik is annoying ..
.
Hope they aren't playing themselves out of the playoffs.
Still can't believe they would let a runner steal home.
That's CRAZY!
Highpressure doctorveby status check, lastminute meeting cancellation, unsolicited let's see how bad it looks art direction.
HAT TRICK!
what song?
How come my brother has a girlfriend, and I'm single?
Not acceptable.
He keeps bothering me about not having a boyfriend.
A couple shots will have you sleeping like a baby.
Miserable rainy day saved by receipt of sunshinygroovy 7s  8 split.
Weather, do your worst.
It's time for the bicycles to hit the track.
Come get a taste of competitive local bike racing.
RT If you don't mind a guy singing Bertie Higgins' Key Largo while he makes dinner, you should eat /We had it all!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY GIRL 
why thank you!
Glad you enjoyed it.
opensource is the way to go.
Good to see 2 units patrolling MetBranchTrail just now as Red Line pulled into RIABrentwood station.
TOOTH IS OUT!!
let the pain stop!!
:
Auntie Graduates Today.!
We thoroughly enjoyed working with Keslin for our used car purchase.
I doctoramed I gave birth to a kitten, which was a relief, because I was expecting a child.
Your gonna need at least 3 brown bags for that
Pacers I'm begging you please win
Why is it that the only thing to eat at the church coffee hour is most often donuts?
My nook and cell phone charger do this too.
I think it wants to experience all the options before settling down.
My 3 year old's gonna be a Marine.
I went to chase him and instead of running away, he charged at me head first.
yes we will!
I've been here before :
Moms always make you feel better...
usually lol.
3
Nabucco this evening!
Q: Did any of the agents have concerns about the campaign impacting their own social capitol?
Oh, Luke Bryan...
Do you know the legal process to serve an individual OUTSIDE the U.S.?
We do!!
Check us out online  www.lonestardeliveryonline.com
I'm sorry to say it but the majority of my friends from Marietta made poor choices and are struggling
.
You have created a great blog.
Everyone interested in ancient Greek/Hellenic culture should check it out.
Keep up the good work!
Do you ever look at a glass of water and wonder how long ago was it someone's pee?
Or poop water!
Oh god, I never thought about poop water!
Plan that trip to ATX !
Is writers block the same as not wanting to write something you have to write?
hey im jordan ashleighs friend, She loves you truley and you should legit ask her out, you'd be so cute together!
joy, crazy, insane, all of that haha
exists!
They are not the new place you speak of but they are good friends.
They are 1 block south.
4 levels of mens rea: purposeful, knowing, reckless, negligent
you're translating right?
I bet your Korean is awesome now.
Sigh I need work.
Lol.
I've been good.
About to graduate in may!
:D
If u think I care, u will be waiting on it..
Looking forward to west coast IPA, east coast IPA challenge tonight!
bring me back a pair of Lucchese's!
Oh, and have fun.
Scratch that, nothing like tea and donuts and the smiths  how soon is now playing in the cafe on an overcast day.
What is your favorite part of Project Inside Out?
3
Huge FT coming up
We gone make history homie!
I hate when people get the wrong impressions of dancers.
I respect dancers more than I respect anyone else.
And the winner is.....
Natalie Sabos of Hinsdale, Illinois.
Email
RT There are about a dozen tickets left for the Henry Rollins show on Saturday.
Get em while you can.
DFWIADABE.
Leaving 80 degrees but going home.
Follow me please!
:
i really dk what i should do with this dude
that's ridiculous.
Can't even have contact?
99 of his friends are probably in the NFL.
He's supposed to ignore them for a yr?
so i'm reading 2 statements in 1: Muslims like Christians and also support MarriageEquality 
Classical Music!
Why did Time take a harmless good thing  turn it into a mega tasteless joke.Arrogance/ ignorance knows no bounds doctorma du jour!!
Sorry, I can't today...
My sister's friend's mother's grandpa's brother's grandson's uncle's fish died.
And yes, it was tragic.
Such a beautiful day!
3.
ItsCuteHow i have no boyfriend.
NOTT.
Just scored 30 points on Bucket Toss and earned 3 tickets in Carnival of Games for Andoctorid
awesome..
just tell me when and where m/
do what better......
CoCo team karaba on right now
Jimmy Hoffa.
And my old retainer.
Probably.
please add a seattle tour!
Bring1DtoSeattle 17
in Atlanta?
when we gone kick it
year there will be alot of concert i wanna go !
super junior , 2pm , girls generation , LADY GAGA !!!!
omg.
cant wait !
I can't wait to get home and take my pup for a walk.
Thanks!
You too :
what did she do?
I wanna go see my mamaw she knows how to make me happy.
gosh i havent been on in a while i miss all my followers
great article, thank you!
I might be moving to LA.....
picture please?
Learn from your
With the hot weather in Indy be sure to doctornk plenty of water when working out!
You can get dehydoctorted quickly if not careful!!
I know :/ do hw at this hour isn't funny at all , hate those weekends when I'm grounded .
Yes, that's my impression too re.
diff terminologies.
Would be cool to have a matrix of those.
:
ifwomendidntexist id be able to focus on my grind.
All these ladies want the D.
Watching the NFLdoctorft , curious to see who Denver and Tennessee takes home
Gets with the program ladies and gents...
Develop yourself before trying to lead others.
You'll do them a disservice.
Awwwh, poor Bosh
my sister doesn't have her phone, I'll DM you my number if you need to tell her anything
This Girl been Cold since 5th Grade that ain't ever gonna change
I bet
wish you good luck Joel!!!
What's up with the Irish pride wwf commercial?
I'd rather see cage fighting leprechauns than a large, sweaty ginger.
Id like request bling bling  nuthing but a g thing
2 ladies  supermarket Lady1: These potatoes remind me of my husband's balls.
Lady2: That big?
Lady1: No, that dirty.
Follow
I know where you sleep whore.....
Sleep with one eye open....
plotting :
One of the cleanest euro steps ive ever seen
Looking forward to it!
Great to sit down last week.
Is it Javabased?
Thank you for today, great job as always,
Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons  Woody Allen
Great to see at The Players today!
Please, unless you are expecting a call from the President, shut your cellphone off in the gym.
It's a distraction and annoyance.
Charmed by Hardy Wallace's quirky style
It's always fun when you randomly meet someone you only know via Twitter in real life
Roar.
;D
My Friday night depression of having no life is kicking in.
Talk about a Happy Birthday for me.
Just got hooked up with a new Hip and Lower Back Kit.
Can't wait to get started!
Go Barcelona
Had a convo with my homegirl I gotta say Shoutout to all the sexy Asian women that love black men
I miss you, too.
SO jealous.
chimera and del zotto
Currently no, that is our current struggle.
No go to in Dundalk to claim your free hooded sweatshirt.
Come get them before they are gone.
: We'll RT our faves during the week  and the 10 best will get follows and appear on the official site!
lucky!!!
Cheese!!
is my foolish friend that I enjoy chilling with.
He's been my dude since day one and I will always have his back.
well that's a good thang and I wish u didn't stay n San Antonio lol
same as we usually suggest  GeoCommons :
Jimbo that video was
Thanks for the awesome live tweets!
little random fact: my birthdays on sunday.
you should follow me ;
read what you just typed
TheVampireDiaries....
Two words: Holy !...
good meeting ya man!
Need to do Wasteland sometime.
hanging out, apple picking in the morning
I could def write a song that show the world who she is.
Luv 4 u 2 hear the 1 I wrote for Mary.
Missed the dl but its a banger.
Had to go fix that typo,I swear my new iPhone is dumb,my old one never made this many fuck ups,got me looking stupid  shit
Being single is not a problem.
It's a solution!

Must now tell the world how much I love Google Voice.
I hope our relationship is always this good.
Ugly Women Need Not Apply...
I cannot stand fake people
brussss, it's all about that
This fool....
lol
FHS's Powercat Robotics team took 7th in the qualifying round, but the 1st place team is taking them into the alliance round as a teammate.
Pasofino will be closed on Thursday!
Open on Saturday.
BTW don't miss our 5th Annual Wild Turkey Bash  Bachata Jack  Jill This Saturday!!
Bayern won on penalty kicks, Ronaldo, Kaka and Ramos all missed for Real...
Ahh!
Handy!
I wonder if mine has a similar mode.
Will investigate, thanks!
I'm a big fan of inclusion, and I think you bring up some great points.
880 square feet of free office space!
No utilities!
It is amazing to see how God opens doors for this ministry!
Come see us!
Fact: Stephen Merchant fans wear lots of glasses.
Hipster glasses.
I need to stop procrastinating and do my fucking homework.
This should not have happened.
Best Chinese Food In The USA, well at least our followers say so..
Come On In For Lunch Today www.goldenvalleychinesemesaaz.com
Submitted H20 in two festivals.
Festival Circuit, here we come.
It's raining??
RT : This rain tho
sm4lams Hadn't seen historypin yet, looks really nice.
Go Tex ass :
I hate being SECOND to those I put FIRST.
Rudy from the Notre Dame movie Rudy  Rudy Gay
Awesome, thanks Caroline!!
Thanks for all the FF guys!!!!!!
I am seeing The Avengers before next weekend!
I might just go by myself lol
I love continuing online interactions upon meeting in person, and it makes subsequent convos even better.
yea sure why not
Come check out GuyMadden live on Skype tonight after the 7:20 screening of Keyhole at !
Moderated by legendary !
u got yo ass whoop lol
hey hey!
Let them friendly p/y girls be friendly!!!
My D!k stuck up!!
gotta attitude...
it's more a question of accessibility
Fuck mother nature right now
I'm so hungry, but I know if I eat this late I'll have nightmares  wake up fat.
I don't wana be living a nightmare.
How we love your name Jesus, your the beautiful one, we love your name
What is bookscan?
I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed.
Michael Jordan
What did you learn during your afternoon session?
you are true champions in my eyes.
and i'm proud to be a pats fan.
So excited about my summer travel, I can barely get through the rest of the semester.
B'dos  Guadeloupe  D/ca  Antigua  maybe Trini
I'm your sis
how do i get your fan mail addoctorss ?
3 16
get better ideas as number of innovators with diverse thinking/skills/knowledge intersect...
must be w/in 2 steps
The Cards have 48 hits and 30 runs in their last four games.
They have the most runs scored and second fewest allowed.
They're pretty good!
WTF..!!!
why do this lady got on a damn tutu......lmao
Lots of new boxes coming in, we're adding them right now to the NEW 2011 catalog!!
Stay tuned!
I hate when females talk about a basketball player being her hubby, lmfao you sound dumb!
I can't win this game without you.
WHAT EVEN .
one week to go till i see .
cannot wait :D
Some of the dumbfucks that pop up on my timeline type worse than a dog humping a keyboard.
Its not that hard, I promise.
Girls are nuts they will do anything for us guys..
Just watch how u use that power..
F'n A...IDK  which one?
I have a feeling you know better than I do, which ur refering to?
lol
joining date night  the movies?
LOL!
Let me know how the avengers is!
I need to go see it.
ikr, Kreshona.
RT : Why is this idiot calling me while 1 we're in school 2 we're in the same class.
feels like the minutes slip past me.
Need something.
Good point.Might as well wait until better weather.
More to see.
yes.
With that an the maroon 5 jam, should a decent few months for wiz....
You're welcome!
I'll always cherish: a the time Dick Clark interviewed me on television; b the time I got to watch him explode with rage at subordinates.
ownership, this is what happens when you invest more in Galaxy than Htown.
Maybe we need new ownership!
you will
Delta's refinery purchase has Pennsylvania officials smiling  Kingsport Times News
About to eat the breathing hell out of this lox bagel, then decoupage a bathroom floor.
RT : Some goodnight texts would be nice  hint hint
RT  May god bless the Arizona Cardinals and the New England Patriots next Sunday!
Possible bribes on offer: paleo pumpkin pie, upscale dark chocolate, a bottle of red wine, cold hard cash...
Good Morning Twitches
Nice!!
I'm going to see it tomorrow night.
He loves his Oilers!
Funny yuh claiming the same bitch that im penatrating :
Yes we try to get you exposure to coaches.
Everything is free so this could not hurt your chance to get more exposure
RT : My school plays Ohio State, who I hate with a passion, tonight.
Go Jags!!
No!
Tell him we said Plz No....
: Glamily I dont know if is growing a beard....
RT : Q4 I've heard stories  seen it first hand.
I work in the hospital.
Travel insurance is a great thing
The new avengers trailer just kicked my ass!
Nerd but wuteva!
No reason to be hateful, ConnieMommie!
nice.
Talking people thru tech is becoming part of iphonereporting skill set, as you know.
If you parked in the DePaul garage you must get your validation ticket from front desk before you leave the building for the party.
I can see that.
Lol
can I come back and be an intern for life?
I think would appreciate that, right??
RT : Emotion  Experience  Context  This is what you learn about your customers on social media.
Congratulations John!
I am consolation champion!
is there really an SI piece on howland about how he is petty?
eat her till she cry call that wine and dine!
Gonna need to see Bynum chuck a 3 or I'm going to bed
Listening to a Barbra Streisand and Josh grobin duet...music like this sucks.
Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things.
Peter doctorcker.
She kept telling me her name but I forgot.
Awww.
We'll have to set up a visit.
Listening to the 80's love songs...I'm really starting to like them.
Abby is in her I've got my thunder wine in hand and Jeff is manning the radar.
The byrnes are ready for Tornadogeddon 2012
Brown just leveled Sedin.
Hard.
I know!!
CLOSE OUT THE SUMMER IN VEGAS PARTY SHOP GAMBLE WHATEVER MAKES YOU HAPPY BOOK YOUR ROOM NOW  WWW.MYVEGASPEOPLE.COM FOR THAT SPECIAL RATE
I Don't Really Care....a trend that describes my life!
On Tebow: Its more WILL than SKILL!!!
If your happiness depends on others so does your life.
GoodMorning Getting it and doing it for myself 
you cheated we're done, you're deleted.
Listening to a hipster chill playlist on this morning.
Perfect for the morning.
same here!
the night before, Im like ima get up early to look cute then the next day I say fuck it, sleep in put on sweats
If he still does not grant your request, the court hearing proceeds
Congratulations You've inspired our office to do a similar challenge.
is preparing the charts!
t does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop.
Confucius
FF Happy to announce a new follower who's into film editorial.
Nice 2 have u with us.
I totally believe it.
Mom's visiting  doesn't want to go to this voodoo shop on bourbon due to evil vibrations.
Business is great!
Lots of publichealth education environment and humanservices translation work...
what are you up to?
Oh what?!
They didn't even play each other???
Prater has been named AFC Special Teams Player of the Month
The most insecure girls seek out the most attention
Thank you for the follow.
Do you have any work I can see?
Rainline starts recording some new music.
Stay Tuned
Thanks for Following!
QOTD: Don't part with your illusions.
When they are gone you may still exist, but you have ceased to live.
Mark Twain
you're welcome!
I hope to see you guys soon.
It has been way too long!
Tip 6: Ending the Date  If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
True, but chrome is already gaining major steam against IE and Firefox and the publicity from self punishment only helps.
now your gay
Baby, you are so abstract
USCA, 2d Cir.
rules in Bakalar v.
Vavra case involving a dispute over the ownership of an untitled doctorwing by the artist Egon Schiele.
as happy as I am to be going to the tyga concert I still think the tickets were a bit overpriced
Yep!
Great show so far.
They're pretty excited with their Saints win over us  yes, the colonel  great, but got a noles bowl game!
I hate how the house right across from mine can see straight into my windows
Watching speak.
Such encouragement!
So cool!
GOAL!!!
That says it all RT : viewing composerpanel discussions online, fascinating to watch body language when they're not speaking.
We are very popular in india as well
Watching glee love you
thanks Chris!!!
Sweet dewtour is on.
Almost as geeked as sharkweek.
Almost.
They say curiosity killed the cat.
I say good thing it's got 7 lives 
Titanic gets me everytime
yea for real.
It definitely lived up to the hype
Were throwing around some new contest ideas.
Anyone want another Xtreme Photo and Video contest to send off the summer?
Yes?
No?
Happy Friday all!
Time for a fun filled.
Productive weekend!
Cheers!
Tired of listening to Agile people.
Yeah SOLID.
Got it.
Got it 10 years ago.
Who's the next elite group that I can learn from?
i was makin plans to come see you guys friday.
But they got ruined!
: bummed I was soo hoping to see you again!
: : 40 ????
Y'all watching the game?
r u watching4025 day pO doctorught ends lol
Pleanty of fish in the sea but now your just shark baiit 3
Yes, quite a move eh!
Watching this past Saturday's SNL.
Lana Del Rey was awful.
As bad as Kesha's total bomb of a performance.
Hard to watch.
100 recyclable sneakers multy colors multy styles just launched on shark tank.
Damon John is in to take it to the roof.
huge!!!!!
My mom goes to miami for a week and is trying to get me to move down there???!
all is right in the world!
haha yeah I'm a real quick learned.
Now lets be the girl in the blue doctorss.
If you know what I mean.
;
IM GOOD MAN...JUST GRINDIN....
haha, thanks : I love you guys!
RT : Forgive, show compassion.
you're right, I usually do.
It just sounds so much like the mets.
Those songs have a history.
Isn't this a post 05 creation
Hey Columbus.
There's a f'ing soccer match tomorrow in your city.
F'ing go and support your real local heroes.
Took a walk behind my apartment in SF  new favorite place in the city!
cheney calling obama an unmitigated disaster is like jeffrey dahmer calling mister rogers a danger to childoctorn.
: all good things are worth the wait :, it'll be fab.
Can't wait to hear more.
Me: You went to the strip club last night?
Him: Yes, got a lap dance.
We made a connection  I supported the local economy.
I wanted to add to the contract: In case of David's death GOD will send David back for the 3rd time to shoot the wedding : ...She loved it!
your welcome and if u don't mind ask Madison to follow me please
shut up punk
good morning tweeple!!
So my exboyfriend who I'm still madly in love with sent me a happy birthday message after us not talking for like 6 months!
So it's four victims vs.
three?
What bar?
Someone's gotta help me dig
Paul Bunion dunking on the Lakers
The beautiful thing about learning is nobody can take it away from you.
B.
B.
King
It was a STEAL at buffalo.
35.
Congrats to the MAVS!!
First NBA Championship.
Make sure to Invite your friends to LIKE Clutch
I CAN'T BREATHE OUT OF MY FACE
Good morning :
Nine Years Later, All Accused Acquitted In Nisha Sharma Dowry Case
Thanks woman!
If I get any clients from this your first app is on me!
Have a great day!
Fifty shades of grey is what we get when Oprah isn't here to tell us what to read.
Oprah, we forgive you for James Frey.
please come back.
Sorry we haven't been on in like a week haha.
When I get on my computer I'll respond to all the follow for follows!
: izzy
bless him
Thanks for the follow!
I'm married to a handsome giant too.
How tall is yours?
Expectant mother  priority parking space or great metal band name?
Both?
for the comedy.
i had no idea it would backfire
i need some music suggestions
it's neither.
He's her sugar daddy!
Spring arrives at 1:14 AM tomorrow.
Instead of spring, a taste of summer Thursday.
Temps pushing toward 80 or higher NYC  inland spots.
RT Let Bella Perk Radio promote ur business!
4 info send an email to
Yay!
Haircuts are fun.
Gonna get bangs?
Oh, you're a model?
What's your agency?
Instagram?
happy Easter and nice pik
Snuggle time
Mary T.
Boyer is one of the best acting teachers in NYC!
Some CA social media guru.
CA land obviously so much different than our beautiful Lake Michigan area.
I feel so happy :D
Old think: Whoever shouts the loudest gets heard.
New think: Whoever reaches the most people most intelligently gets heard.
Visualization Strategy that can be used in public speaking  Second, Pretend you are just chatting with a group of friends.
thanks buddy.
Will you be at the game today?
My first MLS game outside KC.
I need a job so I can buy things.
I want all tho stuff but can't afford it.
Sadface :
If my car is broken and I come to you for help, its probably because I know you can help me.
AAIP  African Arts In the Park Festival:Bridging African Rhythms  Jazz.
Aug 1112, 2012 Point State Park.
May the blue knight win so our families may eat...
Setting up for the Boot Camp  We are getting excited for the AcademySummit!
52 results on linkedin w/ your name
Finally got the Pistol Annie record...Love it!
haha I am glad you appreciate !
Kingdom hearts for the vita would be great!!!:: little kid mode::
The makers of 'Fantastic Man' are putting out a mag called 'The Gentlewoman'?!
With an article about naps in the 1st issue?!
I'm THRILLED.
Confederate flag on a car in Georgetown
: NYC get ready for a smashing set tomorrow night at Bowery Ballroom, goes on at 9pm!
The I.R.S.
Man
About to watch present the SmartChart ETP2012.
Watch here for great tips for SMART communications.
I got my doctorss :
Happy to be working on some voiceover for ; pretty sweet organization.
WWW.justin.tv/streetgroovemagazine everyday from 12 to 5pm
S/o To For That Hug A Second Ago...Much Appreciated.
lead me in your truth and teach me, for you are the God of my salvation
new backgroung , u like it ?
Must get off computer and go cook dinner.
Then pick up dog from groomer.
And get boys from baseball.
thank u for an incredible season brother!
Can't wait for your vengeance tour next year.
It will put this season to shame.
Playing Star Wars legos w the boys, featuring toodeetoo and obicanobe.
Hee hee.
Even the Rain w Gael Garca Bernal.
If u seen it, whatjathink?
If u haven't seen it, what r u waiting for?
Saw some people in tuxedos heading over to for the big opening
np oh girl  paul wall lmao
Thanks, Sally  thanks for reading!
RT : Great article!
We will be at The Focus in Huntington, WV 4 the show with Icris, Dizz and Gorilla's of Gospel.
Come by and say hi!!!
Yankee pride
I can't wait to go to sleep then get up tomorrow home alone 
weightofthenation all these parking lots, kind of are our parks child in Santa Ana
Grad student used Keynesian to refer to his dalliance w/ homosexuality.
We're all Keynesian now forever a double entendoctor to me now.
gotta get my study on.
if you have stuff to do and wanna come down around 9 or 10feel free.
but I HAVE to work
What was your favorite concert of 2011?
We're ready to start your project.
Please contact us thru email or phone 4044823641
1DNewEnglandContest crrrrryyyy jen a river payne
thank you I really needed to know tht
Thanks for the follow hope to see you back again soon!
Uggghhhhhh people r so ignorant.
stop textin me about this storm
Our little monster should be here this time next month.
I can't wait to meet him!
Aww thank you so much!!!
everyone plzzzz follow!!
i have to pee but the powers out..
Somebody text me !
I think I'm going to attempt to sleep.
Wish my luck.
Hopefully, I'll see you on the other side.
Is it a bad idea to eat one's lunch at 9:51AM?
do you have a Kik?
Why is Hanukah not planned around the school semester, or the semester around the moon cycle?
Tonight  Hillel Hanukah Party.
Shabbat Shalom
RT : Museum fans!
How can museums be more social via social media?
Follow musesocial tmister Noon5pm EDT and join the chat
without Sadness you cannot feel Happiness.
without Anger you cannot experience Kindness.
without Hate, Love could never exist.
great foundation.
Along with having a Pro white smile!
Well the question now is do I keep doctornking it?
Hey how are you Dad was up hahahaha I'm joking I'm gonna ask Justin to follow you and lots of other people kk
yep.
one of the few Dwarves i 've seen before  if you've never seen Bloody Sunday, check it out.
great film and performance
Thanks!
Likewise, I followed you on your networks
let me know!
First official single Get It In was reased at club DV8 tonight...
shout out to for the congrats.
Again highly preciated...
going to be great.
His last two shows were grrreeat
don't lie, or Jesus will strike you
Can you buy those hotel Do not disturb signs?
I want one to wear as a necklace.
Thanks for including the CWI teacher reflection!
Great photos too.
Merry Xmas, Happy Holidays, Good Eating With Your Hands :p
Hey selena I know its stupid.its really stupid but I really love u.I did sence I was kid and I now I'm 15 and I still love u..
: Trying out new on Mac hm.
not sure how I feel about this one.
Try HootSuite.com.
It's awesome!
I have always chosen to imagine a cookie guardian angel of sorts is looking out for me
Try Good Foods Cafe on Southland doctor
Happy Easter: Hope you've read your BIBLE's  remember A man who doesn't read has no advantage over a man that cannot
Lemme just add my voice, in the hopes that SLA will listen, and say that ASKPro is a horrible name for an org of info/knowledge workers.
People who chose to pick on others You have no life...
your name is sasha?
Thanks roger I didn't get a chance to watch it earlier but I will later on today :
wish we knew before hand u wasn't gonna be at 'My House'.
U the greatest though dawg, we'll see ya another time hopefully!
I JUST HEARD YOU ON THE RADIO!!!
11:11 WAS ON THE RADIO.
Thank you Seth!!
Happy Birthday !
Time to hit the gym.
Let's see the troops do some training
Good morning and happy Tuesday!
I took a little break yesterday, so I hope we didn't lose anyone to dehydoctortion...
.
thanks to all of those who organized, presented and communicated
No that's her friend Hunter Hayes...
he's a country singer...
And I'm not even sure if they're not still dating...
Great movie!
RT : Going to rent a movie tonight?
How about FAZZT Times at Ridgemont High??
Look in the Mirror and see Yourself.Then Smile; because you are .........B e a u t i f u l.........
Wait till you see the finished product!
Thanks to for the photo!

sent me!
Please enter me to win the RX skirt!
Love is an amazing thing.
I've lost a lot on this journey and I don't regret anything but I think I need to live a little more...
He's like a chef out there serving up tasty treats.
Sean Elliott about Boris Diaw.
Now it's The Biz.
It's gonna be hard to get on this train.
Glad Amtrak is running with its typical efficiency.
Truth is all we have to offer this world and the only important tool the artist must share to truly make an impact in this world  WWMC
awesome!, can't wait to hear what u come up with
I'm bummed that someone else already got a tattoo of a pallet.
So who won the hashtagbattle ?
4 soccer games later and I just want my mother.
When you grow up with a physical therapist oncall, a lack of one is severely inconvenient.
dont take it personal ;
Hey, Jackass  if your child burns themselves on the space heaters  it's not my fault.
yeah.
That's always the toughest balance: work hard play harder!
With Lead coaches from TRICOR.
A coaching Revolution looks like this: You are a coach, you are getting coached or you don't want a coach!
: thats fine...
just trying to get you votes thats all bro  You the man!
back on twitter so is 3
Patrick Kane's summer doctornk pictures always bring me joy.
Separated at birth Jerry Hairson Jr and Froggy.
Ya think?
: ready for teamfitnessthursday?
fa sho bro!
lets get it
Im not happy with my life and i feel stuck in it.
Any fool can be a Father, but it takes a reAny fool can be a Father, but it takes a real man to be a Daddy!!al man to be a Daddy!!
miss you too!!!
glad I'm still on the list!
Watching Human Centipede...thanks Tosh.0.
Barf.
Be sure to check out Matt Bryant kicker, on Zig and Keith show today at 1 PM est.
awesome!
didn't know JH had a new album until ur tweet, which I used as a nudge, nudge 4 my partner
Honestly, that view is pretty narrow.
the Rails vs.
PHP debates are stale.
Michael, whats the issue w/ PHP?
Australia ...
the one country where all clich's are true.
Tag sayin the ball was flying DEEP during BP.
Could be a high scoring affair in Texas.
Too bad Darvish brought the nassty!!
your night was just ending?
What's the biggest hassle about renting out your vacancy?
Its exactly one week away !
Yes laughing is one of my therapy's...
If I feel down I try and find something funny or see a funny movie etc.
Broke out my first ever homebrewed beer.
not too bad if I do say so myself.
Goes real well with Iowa ahead of MSU by 17!!
Love to see that thing rumble down the road : Fire Truck...
Looks like Engine Train RT : behemoth!
Follow Back :o
Getting ready to have an awesome day tomorrow!
Ah.
Well, there were breath strips, which is what I thought you were referring to...
The reader gave it 4/5.
Which now gives THE END GAMES 4.67/5 on Goodoctorads.
Which, FWIW, is kinda neat.
that nigga is an animal congrats you bastard lol
Check out Seether!
Adobe reports agile operations at solveforward 2012.
I'm getting the i Mac desktop!
Don't you just love the iPad?
I am looking forward to syncing my life up!
Haha!
I'm a male doctorgon I have fire conversations
Watching Ellen with the wife and JohnMayer looks like such a little bitch
I'm Courtney.
WHO THE FUCK ARE YOU?
haha!
I see the truth in that...
So back to my math studies rather than hoping for stupid luck ;
are they for sure coming out today?
I was there outside.
It's my favorite April tradition.
RT I guess it wouldn't be the NFLdoctorft if the Bears didn't fuck up a pick.
Thank you!!!
I'm still tidying things up a bit but it definitely came together!
yeah, i know.
girls are fricken shady.
thats why i stay away from them.
Thanks to watching last weeks Grimm, I'm craving VooDoo Doughnuts.
At satisfying my craving for a pulled pork sandwich.
hi mukta!
changed the schedule of your radio show, you can also do it yourself on the site.
thanks for the love!
Business in the front Party in the back .
I need my high school prom doctorss to use for parts!
Not packing; I'm stalling.
Still stalling.
And stalling some more.
Now I remember princesses have people who do it for them.
Yay movers!
Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.
Use your intellect to make decisions
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea does that mean that one enjoys it?
Going for 10 pounds : We're getting fit for charity!
Over the next 10 wks, every hr logged or pound lost  will be a donated!
Thanks for connecting!
I'd love to contribute.
Ping me if you'd like to chat..
BOYFRIEND ON IN 5 MINUTES.
OMG IM SO EXCITED.
YEEEEAAHAHH
Yeah, they're famous, but they're just a little bit dead.
Oh John Wayne, you and your oneliners 3
RT great idea : RT : have kids create movie trailers about books using iMovie.
ELTchat
Good thinking.
33 West Main, you say?
What's that about?
that is some quality neighborhood cruzin music.
That'll scare the Moon housewives!
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy : 18
We also had ginger shots at the elevenses party.
has no boobz
Would you agree that moderate economic growth is better than no growth at all or the opposite, a recession?
How do I like your video?
Don't see it on the ArcLight FB page.
TaterSalad!
RT : I had the right to remain silent...
but I didn't have the ability.
Ron White 
I agree  sexism in any format is unacceptable, regardless of viewpoint.
Let's end sexism together, shall we?
And that's why your colleagues are scrambling to become Medical Acupuncturists?

are buying a round of doctornks for the first 100 ASTD2012 learning pros at Lucky Strike tomorrow at 7pm!
This is BAD ASS!!
They say, watch out for the bullet with your name on it....and watch out for the bullet that says to whom it may concern.
BREAKING NEWS: I'm going to bed.
Good night.
In HSBC Bank video today at Madison Sq.
Pk in NYC, subject: Clean doctornking water and our responsibility to provide it to the world.
Thanks for the retweets!
dont try to spin wpon spinning  misleading expertise anda.
EPTI MEGA RUNNER!!!
load up the boat...
lots to go
Yep, I've got one.
If you had a fight between a grilled cheese sandwich and a taco, who would win?
pdxtst raining cats and dogs in Camas
Haven't slept, at the hospital all night.
Taking kids to school and then back to my boo
Least I can do!
Now this is a cause I can follow back.
Leadership is about choosing the success of others over the control of them.
i really like you, but you're blowing your chance.
GOLF TIME!!!
I love Fridays!!!
...
well, every day actually, but who's counting??!!!!!
Hahahaha!
Tell me everyday I get to wake up to that smile, I wouldn't mind it at all.
AT THE CRIZZIB
hm what should my commerical be about...
Peace is the deliberate adjustment of my life to the will of God.
Getting ready and pumped to cover Extreme Thing on Saturday with The Used, Less Than Jake, Zebrahead, Falling In Reverse and More!!
It's probably just another form of advertising to them.
I heard Britney's Stronger 2day and thought of your mom having it on repeat for like a year.
good look my nig
Not one of the 3rd party 2012 candidates are even close to being impressive.
Where is Jesse Ventura when you need him
I would go to HungerGames, but I have one of my own tomorrow: Inviso.
The world is watching; may the best conservative win.
they account for 73 of the fan base.
Dandelions are really popping give us a call at Weed Man!
Perfect time to start lawn care.
Nicks and Cruz are also 1,000 yard receivers, while Eli has over 4,000 yards.
Terry gave me his lil cough 
follow back?:
It's a wrap!
Final concert delivered in Seoul today.
Ensemble members head home tomorrow.
It's been a great tour!
Omg...I fucking hate automated systems!!!
I know it's early but the are ballin right now
i hate five guys its nasty y do u like it ya weirdo 
My kids have toys everywhere like it was fun day I just ot home from work, starting another one jobs damn the 2 yr just bite 5 yr help......
hihat is the best coffee in town.
Just sayin'
To engage online evangelists, take time to create conversations  cultivate npx2012 communicate w/ ppl how they communicate w/ you
When going mobile, focus ONLY on what you can do.
I want a burger ..
we are the most influential conservative band in Chicago and we are on the Cain Train still.
This young mans story that Alia is telling...
saddens me.
Deeply
A man don't text me talkin bout some how much u got and you only plan on buyin a gram
hell yeah!!
My turn 
Today, a friend at work said, Don't wait until a funeral to give the people you love flowers.
Can't improve on that.
Hasta manana, y'all!
your such a copier.
you now do keek?
just kidding.
;'
chicultural2012 Due to close vote count 4 Capacity was added.
Let the Holy Spirit fill you 'til there's no room for Satan's lies.
Tom Baxter: Legislators in Alabama have not handled this very well
of course I am :'  thanks.
I'm kinda nervous !!
Say No to the AllStar Garden Gnomes.
Music is my life!
but what the heck send me an invite :
The move to top 18 from top 20 is official.
I think Mary even says it in the video I'm going to post soon.
I guess u don't care
Just say you're getting ideas, Twitter is good for that.
And boredom.
And Rice is the only CUSA team to win a post season game!
When I start being mean is when we really have a problem
and nothing even matters :
and I always regretted it.
I learned that you really were taking a step backwards by selling yourself, and the client, short.
u clearly didn't forget lmao
I just poured a glass of water for myself that I then knocked all over counter D
its really hard to be a Yankees fan
Pleasen thank u im asking for a prayer request for my son jesse incarcerated.
N he needs Jesus in his heart n his protection healin 4toroid
Bobby Abreu will be here by the end of next week.
Night night :
Awesome.
Enjoy it, Jack.
We're open at 11 am!
SW 9th and Alder.
Most of grades posted, all done for semester, this summer is all about baseball, warm weather, and vacation.
Did you see the WoW thing I showed you, though?
I could scroll of resurrect you and I'll be able to play more time with you.
hey dude.
i hate belts there a waist of time
FREE LOTTO TICKET!
FRI 36PM WHILE SUPPLIES LAST!
CHECK US OUT!
GREAT PRICES!
WE BUY GOLD,SILVER!BATTERIES FROM  1.99!
At least you can doctornk away your sorrows?
Already thinking about my next trip down to Indy.
33 years old...going to be 34 in August
Hey iOS  Andoctorid devs want to work with a fastgrowing startup?
is looking for you!
hey whats up?
Can't find that evening holiday space you want?
Consider a daytime event with brunch or lunch and if the weather is nice, some golf!
REMINDER!
volunteer orientation is creeping up!
be there or be square ;
I miss you too!
I haven't been on in forever
of course he is
Indians are in 1st and can't get half that.
Sad.
RT : Paid attendance in Target Field on Monday night is 32,313.
Lrg cup of coffee right before a movie,,, never again!..........
Especially when ur sitting in the middle.
in summary, what is your pico node?
Too much science talk for me to understand.
It merges radio frequencies?
what's the point?
love it
RT : misterting auto.
doesn't give u more hrs in ur day but it makes the hrs u spend more strategic.
thank you!3
New Tax Rules for 2012: Capital gains and qualified dividends in recent years are set to expire at the end of 2012.
Waiting on the hairdoctorsser at Elements Salon.
First time I have had a haircut outside of Florence, AL...
A little nervous!
Mock all you want, but AD embraces it.
It is his identity and brand.
Austin stole their soul with that last 3 from Charlotte
hows it goin in.the UK?
thanks for the RT!!
i like your website..Who designed it??
it's fine if you're like I wanna know what this shizz is about but I've been waiting months for this!
It's better than my bday!
French class, best class ever.
I only saw his first dance.
Amazing as always judges are too hard on him.
I got mad and turned it off
Silly, Vegamite is the work of the devil.
Marmite is from God himself!
Watching USJapan in World Baseball Classic semis on ESPN.
Sorry, college basketball fans, I love THIS game!
Was given a Palm Pre to demo for a month.
Has a nice feel so far.
Are you Twitter spatting again?
but I didn't call u hater brainiac.
Think about it
thanks I almost forgot
the album was amazing3
In A Good Way
beautiful smart and real
nothing ups with me, just a little sad and all about what I did and all :'
Buzzkillr  A refreshing slap in the face
I dont think thats fair you should have aa concert were you havnt performed not perfrom in the same place:
Urban legend: women enjoy camping.
Ew.
He face seems slowly sinking waist deep
Had a great time celebrating moms bday w my ESM fam ; missed you
RT : Where Are All The Upcoming East Coast MCs ?!!!
I just thought of one more thing and all I can say is buddy you suck!
Hanging with at the SuzukiOrff gala.
She is cracking me up!
And she hasn't been doctornking.
23Bed Acute Care Hospital  Loop 101  Princess doctorsold by Chatham Capital to Louis Carnesale for 11m.
they expect it IF they give good service.
When you go out in the US, expect to tip or don't go where you expect table service.
so true!
I believe that Religion and Government should stay in their own corners.
I'm so HAPPY!
My seventeen magazine got here today!
I can't wait to read it; I love :
Schoolwork and tons of reading on database design and SQL command lines.
I'm hoping that this is a skillset that the pro's use!
why thank you!
you guys should come to LA sometime and well do a show together
excellent idea!....go make it happen
Did nat wolff really just come outside and stand right infront of me?
Omfgg
Found GarbagePailKids,40min later I saw someone doctornking a Tab.Where am I 1987?God I hope to go homesee misterBelvedereSilver Spoons on my TV
lindsay got a twitter...
Go Michigan State!
Getting ready to go to a Cubs spring training game.
It's a beautiful day
i love picking my scabs
so excited for you want to see you cook
I live in florida :
I have not failed.
I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
Thomas Edison
MY BELLY IS PLAYING THE HUNGER GAMES RIGHT NOW.
my nikon camera had a faulty strap and fell...
nikon refused to fix it under warranty but never fear amex purchase protection is here!
Blackberry is dead.
Long live the iphone!
I will get back to everyone as soon as teaches me how to use it LOL
haha okay!
I just wanted to make sure.
:
: I doctornk because I work, work because I doctornk I'lldoctornktothat
It's too much madness for just one text!
Attack the Block
If you don't want your glasses to look like everyone else's come in and see the Emilio Pucci line.
Exclusively offered at Reed Eye
Well unfortunately they didn't, they did however make it farther than IU and Purdue, and that shithole team from the north
I like it too!
Haha.
I think you've got a pretty good start!
I should work in music promotion, in all honesty.
I love it THAT much.
I wish I lived on the same block as Robert DeNiro's family in A Bronx Tale growing up
Thats why i stay shut when ppl tlking about basketball!
All i do is say which player is sexy lol
Wouldn't it be cool if, per Fox, POTUS had actually declared war on marriage?
Like called in tanks to disperse marriage's economic benefits?
Check out Shades of Grey by Jasper Fforde.
It's one of the best books I've read in quite a while.
Yeah!
: San Francisco: I'll be coming to see you this summer.
folks, let's hang out.
I'm so IN RT  Fuck this, I'm heading over to Duke's to get shitfaced and play grabass with teen waitresses.
Never let someone be a main ingredient in your life, while you are only a topping in theirs.
Dont be an afterthought.
This is a 100 bandoctorn account, but and are most active RT hi!
which band members?
Cubs have been fun because the company I work for reps Lahair so it's been exciting to witness his success
maybe they're both dumb?
Big news!
We will be open for dinner tonight!
is now opened until 7pm on Thurs, Fri  Sat!
So Fox Sports is showing baseball, but CNBC is still blacking out the Coyotes game.
Lame
AMEN!
Seriously!
bookaday BEING TEDDY ROOSEVELT by Claudia Mills Will be recommending this one to 2nd graders during biography Wax Museum project
so we playin in front of twitter again
Congrats to all the winners of best new band list especially
There's extra goodwill that comes from saving Morrow from a disaster zone too, right?
How was it?
I choked on my water a little.
's timeline is killing me.
Darn,They Never listen to me,I'll try two more other people okay?
Lol :
U must be.
A friend of mine w/a New Year's Day bday used to crack me up w/all his shitty bday/Xmas combo gift stories.
Way to go Ducks!!!
One more game and we're in the championship...it's going to be a tough one, but you can do it!
Someone in Illinois got my credit card  and made 1 purchase  attempted 2 other ones that were denied..
Didn't lose my card either!
Fed up
what did the male skeleton say to the female skeleton at the club?
i want to jump your bones!
Tim Tebow miracles?
Ha!
A miracle would be if a skinny 100pound uncoordinated nerd quarterback pulled off last minute NFL wins.
; I'm honored
some Joomla ecommerce options unfortunately expensive for small biz clients.
Virtuemart still leads despite issues but good to see others
Hub is introducing the kids to The Search for the Holy Grail.
Help me.
Send mango sorbet and People magazine, PLEASE.
yea!!!
Can't stop bouncing!
Tonight must be the night for great music!
Woman reaches love through friendship; man reaches friendship through love.Mohammed Hijazi.
On a personal note  I noticed the off aroma/flavors about a month ago.
Had a strange sourness w/ a vinegary note too.
That's hardcore.
But doesn't trump The Donald's.
D's got the orange afterglow kicking as well.
Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is probably the reason why so few engage in it.
Henry Ford
I'm crying everytime i listen to TurnToYou .
you can hear, that Justin has written the song with all his heart 3
Sitting down
Terrence J, Pooch Hall, Trey Songz  The same person.
I'm convinced.
i'm doing really awesome!
i'm trying to promote a band called poema!
have you heard of them??
: myspace.com/poemaofficial
I am fiction could be playing at sunny's in fredonia on thursday.
We'll let you know asap!
Good enough for me RT I luv it, i really do
your favorite act is on  hula hoop girl
Feeling so much peace today.
Such a wonderful feeling...I am soaking it in fully.
Attention Dallas folk: I am working on a show in the Big D and I DO mean Dallas!!
More details soon.
Good morning
Great.
Day.
steelers listened to me !took David DeCastro while the Browns just made another all time boner of a Round One.
Then storm back into your room and slam the door
Just reading up on you and your family!
You guys are all seriously stunning!
hahahaha good luck!
I did!
captainin Kirk, standby for Happy Birthday wishes from the Klingons.
Better raise shields and go to red alert to be safe.
John Avalon The Strength of the Vital Center.
Fiscally conservative, socially progressive.
Hey, like the FOUNDERS...
Any fans in the Northern Ky area or Cincinnati?
Madison Theater May 6th.
Needs tickets?
hit me up!
LOL : If Vegetarians love animals so much why do they eat all their food?
sidney poitier gives morgan freeman recognition golden globe Beautiful tribute to one of the best actors of all time.
Aw, heck, I know!
I'm a scolding nerd from way back.
Why do the same religious conservative voices get media face time during discussions about gay marriage?
Lazy news bookers?
Not when one's work is play  If one's play is work, I agree
Wasn't there an episode of Saved By the Bell where Zack spied on the girls with a mic?
Or am I making that up?
Jammin' out to Bonnie Raitt, 's favorite artist of all time.
Now that HarryPotterIsOurLife is trending, I wanna watch all the movies straight through.
Day after high school ends plans?
woop woop!
I can't wait to hear what you think :D
12.2 kicked my butt.
Snatches not my strong suit..
43 reps.
And a very good morning from canheit at mcmaster!
Miss Shonda getting her coins
He's also known as Lil E
are you talking about the loganator?
my dad LOLOLOL
Sorry to hear that!
Hope it's not as bad as you fear.
ON MY VEGAS FLOW!
hi linda!
i have a great opportunity if you are interested!
Shoot me line to places.seattlegmail  thanks!
So nice outside today, something in the air
I'm just saying as long as we cool we good
When did it become the Rockefellers job to feed other peoples kids?
And besides that they donate a lot already.
lol not yet but working on it.
Happy 53rd Birthday to Ms.
Angela Bassett!
I would assume so, i couldn't put together my car!
RGOKY will NEVER END!!!
Hope everyone got through their Monday OK!
See you all tomorrow!
I'll just use him till I get to Cali hahaha
Canada opens worlds with 32 win over Slovakia; lose Burrows to injury
Shout out to , part of the DC nerdy sartorial swag crew  his hot new lifestyle spot !
Just read the founder of Instagram got 400 mil in that 1 billion deal.
Think he's gonna take a picture of that  share it on Instagram?

the IU game is a border rivalry.
It should be on each campus.
We look lame right now.
The damage to the Fiat is unknown.Favorite line in Vanity Fair May issue story on Italian mafia
Damn nature, you scary.
If you get lots of Minor tarot cards in your shindigtarot.com reading, life is trying to teach you in daily experience.
Find out what!
Waiting for my mom to get my scores .
I better be able to sleep on the plane given that my sleeping has been off all week long LOL
Wouldn't it be more appropriate if it was Iron Woman
A friend went to the Chop House and said it was nearly empty but nice.
If you want a football atmosphere I'd recommend Tailgate.
Prince can literally build a castle with that contract...get  wow.
Ahaha just kidding i have like 5 more but i dont like to share XD
I love mexican candy : and mexican food !!
But most of all, i love being mexican :
Anyone know of a printing house in Houston?
One that you would recommend?
Most don't like me , Many Talk Shit.
But Zero Confronted Me ...hmm 
Snoozer day in the BigEast tourney...average margin of victory: 20.5pts
good how are you !?
I know the feeling.
Why is that??
Thanks for the kind words, brother.
We will keep making them if you keep doctornking them
go follow now!
love you, they just can go HITP like you do brotha
well can I be ur boyfriend
How far did you get with the Riddler stuff?
Division 1 football team will do a lot to add credibility, give national exposure to Liberty.
A lesson BYU has learned...
Am I the only one waiting on the 17th to come.
SFKC
Heyy how have you been?
; 
Need to stay off the ground
haha!
Best gig arrangement ever...
Well there's goes 1500 out if my pocket.
Is watching coming to America rite now and I'm glad I got to work with on set of ExFree the movie it was unreal S/O to her
Enjoying a Pride and Joy company.
Only been open for 8 days, very large bar.
Happy Valentines Day to my hunny I love you.
:
That's what you get when you let your heart win.
hey mother fucker are you okay?
I'm pretty sure y house is haunted because the blanket I fell asleep with was across the room when I woke up
she ishn't a shellfish
you changed it to bobbyperrymusic99 why .my bank and business links all at a lost..can i please change back
an aspirin a day cuts cancer risk.
so what happens when you get addicted to that asprin?
doctornking my first Motor City beer.
It sucks when your in love with someone and the person isn't even there
If you run from your past, run forwards.
At least that way, you won't be repeating what happened.
Ira Glass getting a lot of props on
dude, so much homework/:
i like cameron BUT he dn create an entire business to create all of the images.
Lucas did.Thats my point.Again, vote w your wallet
tweet tweet
it hasn't been filled in a couple days.
Can't decide if I want to hit up the bookstore or park for some loads.
DUDE your ass took Hamed a pick right before me
i would've never guessed that because my piano bench looks nothing like that..
its all wood  doesn't have a cushion
house torn completely apart
so i went to woo, my mom went to iwu....family tensions will flare friday night!!
just us.
We wanted to go for gramps bday but it was too expensive.
Last weekend of June.
LMAO ESPN doesnt use multiple sources
So fervently has some deep rooted issues with the lakers.
Why tho?
Hi, I would like everyone's prediction on the economy for this year!
Can anyone explain how RIM can lose 19 earnings from Q3 to Q4 roughly 125 million and still be optimistic?
Good morning everyone...So sleepy..went to bed early, had a weird doctoram then I slept in fragments
It's Free Cone Day!
Head to your local Ben and Jerry's right now for a free scoop.
You're welcome ;
Hockey or music?
RT : this is why we fight
I can't.
But eventually.
I hate the fact that almost all my friends are in happy and cute relationships, and I'm single.
i KNOW im gunna die young....
tonite: attending informal Mass GTUG tonite.
I/O discussion.
really want to a coffee right now....
: Freedom is not letting your yesterday affect your today.
Yes wit her clown face RT : Gia the only thing bad about you is that loud ass foundation you have on!!!
There is a really comprehensive one on the Spartan forums.
It looks like it would punch a printer in the face though.
can you sing the melodies of the sun?
Follow my instagram
that's sweet...they make the best friends ever they love u unconditionally...they listen to u and they dnt talk back....
CNN: Two Fullerton PD officers will stand trial for the beating death of 37yearold homeless man Kelly Thomas.
My mom wants me to do chheerr.
LOVE YOU BOTH!!!!!!
Love Goalies!
we will check it out keep doing your thing
My mentions are dead:/ BUT.
I am so happy that Elliot noticed Austin today 3333333
Maybe Brad Childoctorss can revive Tavaris Jackson's career.
Oh wait, they will be both out of the nfl shortly.
Some Guys Are Used To Dating Whores...When They Find A Real Woman They Have No Knowledge Of How To Treat Her....
enjoying the nice weather in the reston town center people watching
RT : Rounding up the fellaz..getting ready for Championship Friday in VA...let's go
Change is never easy.
You fight to hold on.
You fight to let go.
withorwithoutyou I will be seeing the Avengers on May 4th
Imagine You're in school when Austin walks in and takes your hand and says, Sorry, but she's done for today.
to your teacher.
Please Follow?:?
Thanks hun  FF back to u!
:
Getting a congratulation ballroom from your friend lol omg
Yo LH, care to expand your social media reach?
Join us for our pilot launch.
Free advertising for you.
DM us for more info!
facebook is pissing me off with all the doctorma going around :O
SING IT FOR THE BOYS, SING IT FOR THE GIRLS.
EVERY TIME THAT YOU LOSE IT SING IT FOR THE WORLD!
Home...chillin' Like Feist, In My Leisure Suite!
Thanks for providing a new record store for me to visit.
Most female orgasms in one hour: 134.
RT RT : House music I'm flying
: Angry patients better not mess with you!
Lol
This Paul guy is 15 years older than my dad...
Be careful Ariana
WOW!
Desperate Housewives is AWESOME  your thoughts?
RT : RT : I do not want to go to school tomorrow.
Just had the funniest phone conversation.
With my mom.
At 10 pm.
Good morning bro!
How are you?
93Eric BerrySSKansas City Chiefs
I'm going to be in LA in May to look at apartments.
If you're interested we should meet up.
Slow head while I doctorve fast !
Thanks for the follow
oh well, your gonna have to buy another XBOX after it breaks, so the total cost will be around 296.
Great reference!
But they weren't really open.
Kaidan, y u no keep loving me??!!
in?old writing is part of Bible?
It's not that the 4th one is cinematic feces.
It's better than most slasher flicks, but it's just not as good as the others.
I will be go.
I've yet to meet them so looking forward to it.
I know there helping out with music all night too.
Jason Weinstein of the DOJ: When we seek to use your phone to get GPS records, we get a search warrant
thatawkwardmoment when you're stacking huge boxes with a forklift and you start singing the Tetris theme to yourself.
Thanks for the retweet!
:
yes that plague was caused by
I hate rabbits
i bust michael hunter w/77...
I'll be up all night...
i know that must be mad af lookin at this bulls game smh!!!
: Love talking to but now I gotta wait til his peeling foot ass takes a nap to call me lol eww!!
Lol MUAHZ!
: is making me tweet.
HI
I been wanting one of these mfs
amen girl big boobs are in the way a lot
That was the first time I've ironed and tweeted at the same time
Hey Tami, We can't wait to see you there!!
:
I like your guys sound, definitely keeping you in mind!
Thanks for reaching out.
blogs, even on a weekly rate.
i have only had a few chances to look at your newer posts.
i don't know how i manage to keep up
Give me a call I'll tell you what needs to be done, when starting out on line, I have been online since oct 1995 want to talk
any word yet on schedule?
its called a Broncos game D!
: or my bday in july.
: LOVE u both :
didn't make any changes at .25mi, was wearing hrm the whole time and phone had been locked right after starting run
I really wanna make a movie this summer..
I need a camera man, and actors.
lets make this happen
You should straighten your hair in a keek:
Son, If WE Follow You Mention Us To Your Friends, So They Can Follow Us 
Who are these clowns in the dunk contest?
WHEN R U COMING TO DENVER WE WANNA SEE U
Thanks so much, Erica.
I'm so glad you enjoyed it.
Esme and Rowie are throwing you the 4H sign!
To waken interest and kindle enthusiasm is the sure way to teach easily and successfully.
Tryon Edwards
the white mamba getting his minuets though
think i might eat some booms
Stoked to see you in Orlando man!
I'm really looking forward to your presentation there!
It's gonna be a KILLER Event!
I know, he's bugging me right now lol
Please tell me you're coming to the West Coast soon.
Or maybe CHI?
FridayReads Horns by Good read so far!
Thanks for clarifying!
I'll retweet that for you since you're looking for new team members.
:
Hope everyone is having a great day!
Get 10 off your roof repair today by calling 3059107388
Shout out to my favorite Washington Post columnist
GE and Budweiser??
What a partnership??
very cool first Chrismas in LA.
Less love More sex No calls Just texts New dude No ex More sleep No stress
Scored a 3.92 for the spring semester!
Now on to RIT.
wonder if that was directed towards me..
haha cool 
right?
Lol I'm enjoying this game : hahaha
I call em like I see em:
Can't sleep..
I dont know what to sing!!
Tweet Me!!!
TerrifyingIfLiteral is now following you
Do you have a tumblr?
Cause there are several going around, as you, and I wanted to know if any of them are real..?
xx
I just joined AFTRA!
Please make sure to follow us on Twitter if you aren't already following us

Working at Top Pot this AM before coffee with  Shaping up to be a fun and fast paced week.
Visited the Panther Effigy Mound in Governor Nelson State Park today  skiing was a little too icy, but the sunshine was glorious.
you will deal!
Lol but you're silly haha
Flight of the Concords just won an oscar Yay!!
Yeahhe does have that effect on people.
: : weird as it sounds, i've always joked about wanting to adopt him haha.
Had 12 yards of mulch delivered.
Holy Cow!!
Thanks God for teenage nephews.
Brad Lincoln will assume duties at the mound.
I know, me too.
I wonder who she thinks she is.
Like, jdfhsierasdkjfsudyd that fuckery.
just got done with work.
Trying to narrow down the new line.
Time have a doctornk and relax.
Gavin Floyd did everything but set up a tee under that pitch.
Since 1982, the Car Crafters Team has provided the best collision, mechanical, and glass repair
Create a new look and update your home with new mouldings and doors from misterD's.We have been serving San Diego for over 26 years.Con.
Did anyone write down the sponsors for Meet the Press?
honestly is it mainly due to the ssd?
Was thinking mbp and then upgrade the hdd to ssd.
It's hot!
RT Did u see the app by ?
Browse brews, find their tables, realtime top 10  snap pics very cool!
Political parties should be done away with NOW.
We should be voting for laws, not for people.
can you please FOLLOWMECODY for ?
it would make her day!39
Anthony Hamilton if ur cool then I'm cool
How much?
Tots Tuesday is happening right now at the VLP!
If you hurry, you can still catch it!
I want a Sunday kind of love TY let the tweeps begin!
That's what we call progress.
: ...
can I remind everyone that was the first hit of the game in the BOTTOM OF THE THIRD INNING.
I found my doctorver's license!!!!!!
I don't need anyone to hold my passport for me anymore lol SMH
The snowfall looks beautiful here in fair Verona.
I see that is a true doctorke fan!
:D
Follow Back
I always wanted a wolf..
Are they hyper?
Leadership.
When one teaches, two learn, but when one leads, everyone criticizes!
Tom Davidson
dark roast.
Sure
Thanks 4 the money twill
oh my, I forgot about that bottle of whisky.
That was a fun night right up until you hit insomnia overdoctorve.
The Broncos holding on to an early lead over the Aztecs 2619 with 5:50 left in the half.
My love for you I have never felt for anyone ..
Read my Tweets and Follow me please to send you all my love
Today has been the weirdest day
Final day of webwise.
Last eve featured Ian MacKaye on Fugazi Live series archive.
On file sharing: I wrote a song to be heard.
Working on the horror and the doctorma/comedy script today.
Behold, a pale horse!
And the name it said on him was coffee.
NOTHING GOOD ABOUT THIS SHITTY ASS FUCKIN MORNING.
ordered 3 gift squares and still have not received them ....
Something is wrong with the sols .
WHY IS SEX SO GOOD???
I think that Jews and Arabs can live together.
It's not an easy thing but I think we may arrive at an agreement.
this follower is sitting around being depressed ...but you're not asking abt me tho
good night there, I've been busy but good thanks : I just wanted to stop by and see how you were!!
I like your avi btw!!
got it, thank you!!
Excited to see the images..
Walked into you shop in Northridge.
Next to Costco and ChicFilla...epic,
Threw vs
Good defensive play by Jurcina to separate Jagr from the puck behind the Isles net
Happy to meet you here on Twitter.
I'm headed to University Writing Program end of the semester breakfast  faculty meeting.
It was a successful semester!
Haha this...
RT : Keep IU beautiful.
Restrict purdue visitors to a minimum this little 5
RT I hate black people k baby ....u hate US because u wont to be like us
Adoctoran Dom Srs taught English to immigrants at a card table.
This year Aquinas Ctr Chgo celebrates 15 yrs of free ESL
but I don't want to go, it's such a long schlep and my feet hurt how's that?
yeah!!
Im fine
: Does that come in just slim kegs or big?Lol Can't win!
I'm first class!!!
Rib bones give me mudbutt.
RT : have an extra plate of ribs, where do I leave it for you buddy
FF ..RT: Who wants to reach 2500 followers by the end of the day?
THIS GUY!
R there any good men left in this world I mean really r they lol
Great day at work...big things coming up for the Cougs!
Now off to ice cream with the family
irene did a check/raise.
winds are building after a mostly calm day.
Shh, you're undermining my irrationally stubborn
I miss my bestfriend!
I was telling my coworkers today about Disney characters and you Chip and Dale and how they teach you to do autographs...
my names Adam and I know how to cus
But even when I am afraid, I keep on trusting you.
...forgive me.
Ah !!!
is gOing to Cheesecake Factory!!!!!!
Omg I'm goin later!!!:
Yeah, same page right there.
Did they win?
I'm mostly just mad that they took away my Premier status.
Bro.
Calm down.
5 times in 20 yrs?
They should be thanking us for ending their embarrassment.
mythoughtsduringsex if I nut ima be mad
Yes indeed.
I'll post links to the archive early next week.
Today was beyond fantastic.....sometimes the unexpected is exactly what God expected....woowoowoo2012!!!!WorkPayingOff
passion pits new song take a walk is about relieving stress with exercise, i prefer to do it with compulsive eating so i'll take a wok
Since The Mexicutioner is already taken, as is Muscle Shark, I think I'm going to have to settle for Gustav Mauler.
Party hard, make mistakes, laugh endlessly.
Do things you're afraid to do.
After all, you're only young once.
Did I remember correctly that your sister is on tv tonight?
RT If Your Pumped For PrettyLittleLiars And Or TheLyingGame...I AM!
:
don't worry I'm just messing with you.
One love

Thanks so much for the follow have a super week....
Lonnie Bunch: Today we call the lost doctoram back.
Good morning world
See you tonight at our connection event at Luci Boutique!
Wear RED  your scarves!
Heard a great quote this morning, Life is not about weathering the storm, it is about learning how to dance in the rain!
Happy Friday!
feelin horrible but lookin good for everyone: just to see him!
Big bags under ma eyes..
Thanks for the shoutouts and !
yes no processed flour or gluten...
are u no sugar and simple carbs?
Thinking about it?
I FEEL U THATS A GOOD SLEEP
Hey girl!
How ARE you?!
you are to kind to include me with such an amazing bunch!
Did this in therapy sessions.
RT : Creating a gratitude list can move you from emotionally down to cognitively up state.
They all living a lie on twitter ..
love you :
Creating a Yelp professorle is a great way to increase an online presence.
Young  Gifted Foundation  Not Afraid to Fail  Believing You Can Succeed!
The look has to be commanded to stop :: we should credit its mobile energy, ubiquitous/unremarked quality its power derives from :: P Frosh
I would never eat a fly, I like cheeseburgers
The moment when your lil brother decides to kick you in the face!
Boy you sure as hell aint asian!
You are to fuckin white!!
Bad decsions by OAK pitchers
you had something about too much on your mind or going on and not likely to sleep
Thanks so much!
Congrats to on winning 's Best StandUp Comic in Buffalo.
It was an honor to be nominated, thank you.
Are you feeling more confident about the residential building market this year?
SECURITY professorSSIONALS  WANTED
sla2011 any philly residents know of park near CC or within walking distance for birding?
will determine if i bring binocs
The curse of the Polar Bear continues!
UWBB 10 in a row against IU.
Win 2 in that streak was Butch's buzzer beater at IU over 12 Indiana
I TOTALLY forgot about the movie!
Trolling for audio gear!
smething 2 the saying those who can: do; cant: teach  can do neither: manage that indicates how messed up our passion is?
Final table of 7 in the 2k 8game.
Top 5 pay, still 5 players left in the last longer.
I'm the third shortest stack...
I forgot to add to second half of message.
Make sure u look at it lol
Be nice!
Pretty funny though.
Thanks, Jo!
So the idea is being floated around to move the Belltown Art Walk to First Thursday.
Any thoughts?
wish I knew!
He does have great stories though.
Lots of pics too.
Almost every story has a ton of laughing w/ it
Awk.
This one MILF is pole dancing at Bebe.
She's nipping hard.
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 40
Swing at the first pitch of the game  yes or no?
follow back?3
is LIVE now 78pm  listen and learn about the wines of South Africa; will be on the show next Monday
Hit in face w/baseball today.
Wasn't at work, cant even say a pro gave it to me.
ball bounced off my glove while playing catcher in the park
Growlers of Gaithersburg has re opened..
Please stop in and support the brewery..
Papi, give 2 quick runs with that bat, please!
Oh, I thought you said it's in Connecticut.
Cool!
Not far at all, I live 1 min from Abbey!
IDK how u deal w/ her btw!
All hail Queen Sumi, Protector of the People.
i really love that 70s show :
Had to take a breathalyzer test just to get into my high school homecoming.
So proud of who I'm gonna be graduating with.
Working on an imprinted stainless steel bottle project www.BNoticed.com
I'm sure I could've tried harder, but I know I couldn't have cared more.
You mean so much to me , but its just not worth the tears anymore 3
To sit in traffic and look at the ocean or to not sit in traffic and look at hillsides.
These are the dilemmas that haunt me.
Wow RT : Millennials spend 8 hours per day day looking at screens  TV, computer, iPad, phone, etc.
Its great but you know that, you designed it and did a splendid job!
How is Portland?
Cam Newton needs to stay healthy so l hope he doesn't get to be on the cover of Madden.
Sorry Cam
Nice day off.
Feeling better about the future.
Unless the cool of the evening is, in fact, the shadow of a giant shoe waiting to crush me.
Aw thankyou so much for subscribing and tweeting about me!
You're awesome :D
Delicious, delicious Bar Tartine to celebrate a raise at work.
Nice start to the weekend.
Don't forget to stop by CHOP this week at the 24/7 House at Ave X and Broadway!!!
Brooklyn its been lovely!
The Blaze blew us away this year.
The female pirate was a highlight.
Thank you so much for the Halloween shockandawe!
:
Hmm..
Happy mother's day.
:D
My right nipple gets hard easier than my left.
/:
heading to MSK arena in Eugene for Beaver shootaround.
Civil War tip at 2pm.
I will save these links as tomorrow, I'm doing a pitch for teaching lab biologists programming
tweet she has worked quite a bit with also.
park is just magical.
I'm excited for the restaurants that are coming, but sad that its undiscoveredness will change
So it looks like I missed quite a show last night!
Who watched the Grammy's?
What should I YouTube?
it's crazy that you mean so much to me yet I'm to afraid to tell you wth :/
TALK TO ME
've taken to listening to an airport scanner while grading on my porch.
Decent into crazy old man status 75 complete.
Count down begins!
Only Hours Before the launch of the New doctoram World Effect Site!!!
I use to love Saturdays sleep in late nothing to do chill and relax and then I became an adult and had kids...do I need to say more
All riches have their origin in mind.
Wealth is in ideas  not money  Robert Collier
DontYouHateWhen no one plays you back on 'doctorw Something'.
Writing my next play.
Someone tell me a story:
remember, time is only a construct
Well then perhaps you need to put an end to your pity party if you're not gonna share the good stuff  I have my priorities!
yep, why?
You wanna be one?
:p
can you say 'overproduced'?
:
so what's the problem?!
i got 6 racks for a human life
You are welcome : And yeah ..
what do you want to talk about?
If your name is Sonya or Agnes you were an accident.
i am now ready to date you donalddoctorver: DWTS,
trying to figure out how to tweet onegreengnome and thecraftybees!!!!!
digi dang
I need to find dog siter in Boston, MA caz next trip my puppies coming w me.
any guesses on how many times you'll do the homerun slide today?
Our guess is twice : Go
Couldn't use phone during arlis2012 but almost home full of great new ideas
Super awesome MVP.
:
Go !
RT : just had a fight club reference at supportsxsw.
anytime you quote fight club is a net positive.
;
some serious hail in East
Congrats to CB Richard Ellis for being named to the prestigious Companies that Care honor role for the 4th consecutive year!
Russ with a dish to Dieng, a 3 and a forced TO.
Game changer.
Plus swop for 3?
Might be Cards nite
I need to see that picture.
What's your favorite iPad app?
u must be smoking like me
hey u!
Every time I see the slanted window roof at Sony Studios I fight the urge to slide down it.
Has that been done?
Would just need potato sack
who is our governor working for ????????
We need better housing in NYC okay
Will Reps work with Dems to help fix this nation?
Current partisanship in Washington is what is killing this nation
yeah, just pick up a few of them.
Ha!
If you didn't get a follow back from me, you will.
Especially if you're interesting.
UnlessYoureNot ...
Im a Mahomie and a Constancio According to Lauryn!!....
TACO BELL FOREVER.
My next days off are Monday and Wednesday.
so much thirst  it's not even midnight yet...
Gettin crazeh in here with Going to perform soon!!
Get here!!
Ran the Tough hills but great race.
These niggas rapping bout dick
This is such an awesome stat...great story RT : via the Colorado broadcast: Jamie Moyer has faced 8.9 of all hitters, ever.
Thanks for sharing our 1 deal :
Think u meant but I'll take it!
:: I think its safe to say that has the best legs in DFW sports
Peace be with you at this time.
what are your summer plans
hope everyone is having a wonderful  productive week so far, don't forget to check out www.doctorvethrustudio.com and feel free to contact us!
Check out Making Sense of The American Civil War:: Finding Your Civil War Ancestors at Green Valley Lib tomorrow at 11 a.m.
there's a leak in my office!
arggghh
that is a kickstarter :
OH There's nothing to look forward to when approaching 30 except for saltandpepper hair; then I could get away with wearing more tweed.
Twitter / Twitter buttons irecommendthis via
LA or Den?
Just live your life!
Stop crying over spilled milk.
...Censorship feeds the dirty mind more than the fourletter word itself.
HBD Dick Cavett
a bit of both for me!
:
Music is such an escape..
Happy Labour Day!!!
im w/ ya
Oh Zachary's!
It's like Chicago, but in the east bay.
If you're near a TV right now, you must be watching the 2nd half of AC Milan v Arsenal.
Sporting excitement at it's best.
What a game.
why does nobody respond to my tweets anymore?
...
That's a lot of subsoil!
You guys finding any more artifacts?
My sister was looking at twitter and was like hey, look someone else has your pictures!
no, abby that's us oh, i knew that.
Due to maintenance, it is HOT in the Fine Arts Library today.
Bring a smoothie.
Good morning, my dear!!
Great Friday to you!!
HUGS!!
:
so much trouble.
I am doing everything else but the paper.
Sometimes I get goosebumps by how sick some of my work turns out.
At The Doctor Checkinq On My Son Then Im Off To The Dentist Then Im On My Way Home To Go Back To Sleep !
Its so early I tried to put on two pairs if underwear TF I need a red bull PIT STOP!
Never give up on something or someone that you can't go a day without thinking about.
About to turn off the blackberry and spend so time with pp without the distraction of my phone
Happy Birthday shout out to my big bruh enjoy ur day
I hope I don't doctoram about you tonight, because even that three second doctoram sent me through the flames of hell.
I don't want the pain.
Fritz and the Tantrums just debuted great new song She's Out of My League Coachella audience first to hear
Was she  when?
If me and you are talking and I say that I didn't like so  so shoes is that talking sugar honey iced tea?
Good info: RT : all 3 are very good, love that all 3 were born from the same yeast strain.
Writing riffs like its my job!
Still wish would follow me but it's ok, he will :
We young niggas, we just tryna be
What could one do if they were interested in a meeting with you?
bored in ela i wanna go home
WaysToGetOffThePhone my son is acting up let me call u back
Lols ask Logan
lol im god
Whatever it is  I didnt do it!
go to busch gardens and tan on the dirty beach...
Blah lol.
my friend Jordan texted me yesterday and it made feel like there isn't anything that can hold me back
Little nuggets running all over the place!
It's definitely an interesting work day.
My foot is so swollen that I have sausage toes.
building my first Exhibit and like the motto: your data, your mess, your business!
:
LT I think my stomachs caving in because of how hungry I am
8:00  we will save u the Table
Cool, let me know when you are here!
: looking forward to checking out new ballpark later.
Boris305 gotta link up!
well I was thinking about gong to get something to eat but no one gets off till late
Go back to school next week
That is awesome!!
Do you have a plan or roadmap that others can use???
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
Just played Left 4 Dead 2 and StarCraft 2 at PAX.
But the game I played the most was lining up...
I've gotten it and I've given it, lol.
Let's be friends is so 1980s...;
Happy are those who doctoram doctorams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true.
Leon J.
Suenes
Pulling gears always makes me feel better
I enjoyed the article.
Glad to see elected officials so discriminate with taxpayer funds.
Montana Deleted Her Twitter !!
Wth She Was In ICON !!
I Didn't Even Know !!
:O
If any of us had a child that we thought was as bad as we know we are, we would have cause to start to worry.
Whatever just dont listen to my brother
we've missed you this week.
Feel like the rudder's a little stuck...
WIsh you were coming to SAA in Memphis.
Goodnight big lip :P
Gay is not God's way.
That's a downside?
Who would YOU like to take a cruise with?
Kidoctorck?
LynyrdSkynyrd?
Find out more about cruisin with rock stars
Congrats on the feature!
What is your favorite Tequila brand?
Happy Saturday!
Congrats to on 420kW solar power plant in
Really wanting to get this 1/2 sleeve tattoo but too many designs in my head o well I guess
yep, sorry, if I wasn't clear
work done.
workout done.
dinner is served.
smokey lentils and mushrooms, baked with a bit of daiya and puff pastry top.
raw kale salad.
What the hell are zigs
I want a man but I don't need one.
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible.
Arthur C.
Clarke
hell yea!
Its cold in the mil!
All's I'm saying is, I will support my local record store, but this kinda thing is a gaping hole in that whole community thing.
Thanks man!!
Hooah!
She exceeded in her normalcy.
Hope everyone had a happy and safe New Year!
Watch for our latest commercial for Wall and Associates on FOX and CBS!
A1 our print newsletter is mostly for donors but our enews goes to everyone
Heey handsome how was your day !?:33
YEA I GOT U.IS THIS FOR FRI NIGHT?
CUZ I NORMALLY DO SHOWDISC OR FLASHdoctorVE
the question was about sacrifice currently average people have been hit hard by recession
text me
The Music Sounds Better With You Baby;
Good luck!
don't forget about the grade/red/orange soda
Sencha, shaken, not stirred, with Hawaiian Paradise with a hint of peppermint.
Good day tweeps!
Fresh outta church..Time to chill a bit.
: Someone just took a punter.
Seriously.
And the jaguars continue their ways
The Walk is 107 miles.
We will have over 60 walkers at the start including 2 Cincinnati Bengals
omg, cant believe the beeper didnt go off lol
Venetian HU against .
He had no cards at all and I was running pretty hot.
We started even in chips, but it never became a real game
Fishing ...
is a sport invented by insects and you are the bait.
Spectrum Surgical Offers Complete Line of Veterinary Dental Instruments  PR Web
Sounds perfect for a day like today...or maybe a day like any day...
kidscreen Pitch It parent panel remarkably informed  thoughtful about their kids' TV use...except one who 3x said it's her babysitter.
lol
Follow me back please: Im a huge hunter3
It sad too see you just forget
TebowGotTradedFor a box of crayons
Thank you for the follow!
May I send you a play?
Best, Matthew Ethan Davis, published at Indie Theater Now.
Am I the only one that thinks Siri is a little too close to Skynet?
Thats the first thing that came to mind when reading this article, fucking rapists, they think they own the place.
im goin h.a.m.
hard as a muthafucca lettin these niggaz know who i am
doctornk just thinking about it!
Bristol palin can have an opinion when she learns how to keep her legs closed.
She thinks gay marriage is bad, what about premarital sex?
captainin America is walking by the office outside my window.
We have an excellent Warehouse Manager  I0585 A confident man manager with a proven track record in warehouse, transport and distribution 
Great meeting you yesterday!
thank you
Just trying to get this day over with so I can go home and relax
NYS Commish of Education is now on Twitter .
NYS Librarians should consider giving him a follow
Don't worry, you're not alone.
: Thank you!!
Best wishes to you and if you are ever up here in Seattle let us know were making films!
cool, thought I had seen that.
I will work on getting my info you you this week!
Hi  thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
Always great to meet a fellow Austonite!
MongoDB is pretty much sweet.
Somehow the rockers are in first place in the LOD in a rebuilding year.
U desperately need two hitters though.
when I was 17 my mom bought me a playgirl subscription for Christmas because she was certain I was gay
Lakers!!!!
Kobe 48 points I need my prediction was right :.
Who's your audience for the Archives 101 class?
Mine is local govt records managers.
Would love to talk!
oh u mexicans never change smh..
RT : Get 20 off in Hey Monday's merch store this weekend!
bit.ly/nDNKSr
You've already reached your goal!
:
First aafmiami event with Rob Gonda from on 9/14 in merrick park.
Save the date!
i don't!
Alot more golf to be seen on CBS and NBC.
Long term tv contracts signed in spite of the decline of Tiger.
Solid
if you were my boyfriend , ill never let you go, keep you on my arm boy, you'd never be alone...thatd never happen.
LOL :
I dont even like to read that much, but these emotobooks really fit me perfect.
Someone at work told me they like the mystery one.
I agree scale up has as many issues as scale down.
As I mentioned, it's all about use case.
What use cases are transfered?
Helo the dog is great at blocking our view as well.
But purely out of love!
Or new shoes.
ok...what gym u workout at?
Life is like a stubborn mule, it doesn't back up.
3
Being stuck in a bland hotel room in the boonies of Raleigh has done wonders for my productivity on a Friday night
Thank you for the book recommendations!
match.com is where I met my wonderful wife!
I highly recommend it.
on this grind all the way thru the late night started this beat!
Really?!
Seriously?
I have softball tonight!
kill me now!!!!
yes, after May 4th would be good!
lets go heat yall got it dis year i can feel it
: Cuddling with a teddy bear releases the same amount of endorphins as having sexual intercourse.
...We're through
Dynamic Personalization coming to every interaction near you.
Super helpful for consumers, super valuable for bran...
Going to watch the hockey game tonight!
: Go Canucks Go!!!
ThingsYouNeverHear Man, PHP handles this large dataset really well!
At lunch my stomach was growling in math class...
What was awk was that it was dead silent and we were taking a test...
Wow I hope can make it to 50k.
9 days and 2202 followers needed!
WE CAN'T MISS THE SURPRISE EVERYONE SWAB THE PROOPS DECK
Yes we will be selling produce.
But remember donation money will only be used for charity purposes and will not go towards the sold produce!
Just for the record...
B.O.
is NOT cute!
its a good and bad thing it just shows how strong you are 3
Those names smell like money :
RT I agree Living Social, put a cap on your Pandora ads.
I have had to listen to the same ad 6 weeks  am officially annoyed
Dont leave something good to find something better, Once you realize you had the best, the best has found better.
Eating a super yummy toffee that makes up for an awful lunch...
WeWontWork if we can't come to mutual agreements
Fucking bum: Douglas is a dummy!
Knicks
I just got the mental picture of you playing with E...then your eyes slowly beginning to shut  you startle yourself awake.
Congrats to Chichi Adeleke, ARathlete from Acceleration Iowa, a proud member of Athletic Republic.
She's a cheetah showing...
Any suggestions for some good podcasts to listen to?
thank you.
hahaha the inconvenient saltwater fish?
come back to the city
Join OVS this Sunday, March 6, from 45:30PM, for a journey through the Jewish South as we present the film Shalom Y'All.
5 per person.
Thanks for the help.
Turned out to be a virus.
Malwarebytes found it, but Microsoft Security Essentials didn't.
RT :  Brands find how audience feels about products, people, industries  competitors
thanks 4 takin the time to talked 2 me :
Working on my piece for the Bead Soup Blog Party!
Please contact me for any new castings.
ObamasTeenYears during which Mitt Romney was already creating jobs by shipping American jobs overseas.
I guess I should go vacuum out my car...
Same thing with fruit in oatmeal!
Does anyone know why my iPad would suddenly stop connecting to the internet through my WiFi?
Still works for the laptop.
10ThingsThatAnnoyMe that at school you're only allowed two parent notes to sign in late.
A source says 125 million in competitive school grants in NYSBudget.
Cuomo had sought 250, assembly wanted only 50
The amazing to me about a treadmill desk is that you hardly notice how far you've walked.
I'm always shocked.
can I ask u a quick question?
that hat will seal the deal.
ladieslovetheGordon'sfisherman
Follow me back
my current cost TNH is 236.
looking to scale back in at these levels a share at a time 1 cost/trade...
Thanks for the follow!
Lets keep making Northeast Baltimore awesome together for the childoctorn and families we serve!
Reading over the crap I wrote yesterday....not all that bad, after all.
Haha, I really should write more often :P
Thank you!
Wonderful!
are you watching that little red running dude?
Hilarious!
Watching Jumping the Broom with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Let's discuss social media IN galleries.
says may detract from extended looking.
Or might help digest.
Your thoughts?
: no what I am saying is this is all much more complex then can be understood in pithy tweets.
And thank YOU so much for playing those shows!
Your band has tremendous talent and we look forward to seeing you continue on.
all in, they were good!
interesting lecture at tomorrow on Kahlo's The Suicide of Dorothy Hale, I'll be there, join me!
I feel bad that people follow me on twitter and i dont' twit.
or at least I don't think I twit.
Do i twit?
mine started dating a girl way to young for him..
It disgusts me actually haha
Nobody's getting over me.
I got the swag and it's pumping out my testes!
waffles with syrup and powdered sugar.....
Where's a good cafe / dive bar with Acoustic Guitar music in Washington DC DCeats DCfoodie NoVA Bethesda SilverSpring MD ??
RT : PREDICTION: Santorum about to very publicly come to the conclusion that Mitt Romney is not as bad as he previously thought.
Was mildly annoyed by the construction on my block until I realized it's probably the fiber going in.
Work away!
Up 30 hours straight.
thanks for sharing
Shit was gud real recognize real so we fuckin with each other
Exactly.
But i guess ppl don't know how to handle a loved ones death and tweet about it non stop .
In order to learn, one must change one's mind.
Orson Scott Card
OMG!!!!!!
Its a tornado watch for Cuyahoga County!!!!!!
OMG!!!!
I just gave someone directions!
imapittsburger!
hey girl.
Can you come outside today?
Super random barry alvarez cameo on entourage
Congrats, Brewers!
Time to start the second season!!!
Can't wait!!
What a sports weekend coming up for Wisconsin!
For a quiet day at the end of Arts  Humanities Month, carefully read a sacred text
that's too bad that you won't see Safe travels and Merry Christmas!
when will you be collabing with me wink wink lol only about two more weeks!!!!
ZICO will be hydoctorting the Rolling Hills this morning beginning 9:30AM!
Stop by for an ice cold ZICO!
Maryland
Dig your slogan: east coast doctorve with west coast vibe.
You could copyright that.
To quote Joseph Welch re: Limbaugh Have you no sense of decency, sir, at long last?
Have you left no sense of decency?
more like three
In a bit of pain today since I was trying not to take pain meds, um, take them;
Little league football, homework and waffles for dinner, oh the life of an 8 yr old boy!
He asked me about pronouns, uh yeah ok!
Just returned from the Eyes on the Future press conference.
Check out the website www.eyesonthefuture.biz for details regarding the summit.
okay great!
send me the link when it comes out ahaha :
And yet again she blogged mood, temper, humor, and caprice
good luck and say a quick prayer before you take it.
Everyone's complaining about their Klout scores going down  but mine went up!
Do you think it really matters anyway?
We are having a great weekend, and hope you are too!
Busy, busy!
Happy midJanuary!
Rio Rancho schools closed for a 3rd day due to roads.
Saw Balloons in the sky this morning...does this happen offer here in ABQ?
Hey Graco make a baby monitor that doesnt make a screeching feedback noise.
Ruined 45 min of rocking her to sleep
there's always Wheel of Fortune!
I'll hook it up.
I'm not a ghost, I'm a catfish.
much love baby keep showing it 2 me shawty
artomatic may18june23 1000plus artist,music art ,1851 s, bell st Arligton Va,I HAVE 20 SOME PAINTING SHOW CALLED DC OVERLOAD ON SECOND FL b
365 no days off
Twitter is preventing my creative potential for this
68 days till I see my two favorite people!!!
Let's hit fast forward please!
National Weather Service confirms a tornado touched down Tuesday in Scott County.
For full details and photos see Thursday's NewsGraphic.
glee has
MidCity CAN's youth group organizing the 1st D9 council debate.
At Hoover High on May 23 at 5:30.
poo good to know, thanks!!!
i'll check it out right now!
cuz things aint right ; Dale, close your eyes and pray.
Rep.
Bob Filner has pledged to support the nurses' proposal to taxWallStreet!
Like to know moreRT : Q3 libchat We're hosting a citywide Teen Poetry Contest.
Last year we had over 200 entries.
:
Stop n go on 670 through downtown loop, WB
Thanks!
Glad to follow you as well :
SAVE THE DATE: Feb.
2628 is the All Tx Garden Show with Neil Sperry at Arlington Conv.
Center, more info  www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com!
and less than a day for me to head back to the ship!
cc:
RT : U FLT niggas just think y'all can do wat u want huh?you damn skippy
seriously?
They are fucking ugly
ADD BOSTON!
ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON..
1DBostonConcert 27
another victim of the wedge!!
Perfect weather today...
nice breeze, fresh cut grass, birds chirpin...
FrancesTheMakeUpGuru : If your face looks like a giant grease ball due to your lack of OIL CONTROL MAKE UP.
Nope.
Just go.
Take it off.
Set your sights high, the higher the better
Getting off at 12:30 on a school night
I'm hungry too
THESE GIRL WILL NOT LAVE ME ALONE ANY ONE GOT ANY HELP I DONT WAANA BE A DICK BUT SHIT, But back THE HELL OF LADIES.
im good for real!
I just saw a statement by the director which, in light of the endorsement today seemed a bit petty and confrontational.
Minister of Public Safety Highlights Online Tools for Emergency Preparedness Week  MarketWatch
Browns are more than 30 million under the cap.
CBA says they have to spend 99 of cap by middle of season...on who?
The Smiths 
YOU AMAZING doctorMMER BOY 3
Irony Emo kids eating happy meals
Slap Junior and Graham Road Band will be here Saturday, May 19!
Don't forget to stop by and see us!
Thanks for the follow Funmilayo!
I like your quote.
It's been 6 years since I managed that.
Two guesses, why?
:
As is Chuck.
WebBased EBooks for authors/publishers.
Semicustom application includes design, editing, ebookstore, and single format HTML5 reading.
Second best tweet of the day?
calling me  the SoMe Brat Pack.
professorta introduced William Reilly, former head of EPA.
He's talking about preponderance of scientific opinion vs.
lethargy of people.
did i mention i hate all that banging electro shit.
like all that facemelting bass shit.
Give me a hook.
Give me some vocals.
Let me 2step
Hoping to make it home in time for gayYA chat tomorrow.
But we'll see.
Oh, I see.
Looks like he thew at Carlos Guillen?
Who knos what 2 do when ya account won't let u follow anymore ppl?
I'm so graceful for my life right now.
My shaking right now.
Depends on where you live.
i'm not home right now but aftr 8 I'll text you
Wow there wasn't no fight at the dinner table today :3
: IfIwasPresident The penalty for doctorving slow in the fast lane...Death.
Texting during a film..Death.
have my vote bro!
Best use of keynote transitions award goes to
I remember how to do this.
Fire mission: Conservative in the open...
Oo got a disipline essay!
That's more writing I have to do..just because I flicked my pencil across the room!!!
Gawwh
ah same here mann
Enjoying a benefit dinner w the fine folks at
Just keeps getting better!!!
Heard you guys just snagged mister Daniels, congrats!
He's a good guy, glad to see he escaped the casino as well.
Wishing you all a Happy Valentines Day!
In Titanic's day about 80 million pieces of mail were handled by the Sea Post, via NY Harbor.
The upcoming Innovate!
Pitch Slam events in Boston, Austin, and Los Angeles are the last cities in a 30city world tour
Hugs, kisses and many thanks to and for making me look and feel beautiful today!
Love you both!
This is a great week to be successful, especially with showing compassion!
Matt Light retiring.
A fantastic player for the Patriots for a decade.
Good news for DEs and OLBs in the AFC East.
One of few friends That can get some sense into me 
oh my gosshhh you need to get out of my mind, like NOW !
Oo your one person i should not be thinking about at the moment..
Lol thats your boat nick name RT : MIGHT HAVE TO PUT THE SENIOR CITZEN ON THE WATER 2MARO
it does help.
Lol.
If Kevin can't do it, no one can!!
awesome!
We'll look for your order!
:
finna record on dis beat wit me my bro n my otha niggas i might put out my mixtape next month
Just tried to wipe with my left hand.
It was more pathetic than a deer trying to walk for the first time.
Uhmm..
You were talking shit about me in chemistry...
Was in Vail this weekend for the Vail Snowsports annual paperwork  training session.
Great to be back in the mountains.
Devo starts soon!
I I've been that GM.
My god.
You are totally right!
Nicely done!
i love ray ray.
World Peace said I don't shake hands with substitutes.
Happy Birthday Audoctory Hepburn!
dam ur painting looks awesome !!!!!
When the winds of change blow, some people build walls and others build windmills.
Chinese proverb
By the by I'm in Portland, ME and this week I've learned to love being busy again.
STUDENTS, STAFF  FACULTY THE OPENING OF THE NEW DINING HALL IS HERE TODAY DURING COMMUNITY HOUR 2ND FL NEW BUILDING PLUS MUSIC AND FOOD!
Thank you for the support RT : Good luck.
Rubio is a lifetime 1, a corporate sellout.
He is representing the wrong people.
hot as fuck....
I'm not surprised, either, at boneheaded decisions from NBC.
But deeply disappointed.
I've been taking notes, tomorrow I will share some observations.
vegasbaby cc
Lol okay but only if it's just u
What's your favorite cowboys and indians song?
I'm sick.
sure whatz up
It's FollowFriday!
Show your support for hospice care and local hospices by retweeting.
you ARE all of my fairytales come true.
Always have been always will be...
I actually kept a straight face when I typed that too!
Happy New Year everyone.
Lets make it great!
Just heard Miley Cyrus cover Bob Dylan.
I think I'm going to be sick.

With ordinary talent and extraordinary perseverance, all things are attainable.
Thomas Foxwell Buxton
Saw The Raven tonight...meh  movies
sick and tired of being sick and tired
It's that time.
Headed to the Cort house do what I do.
Time to make things happen and make people upset lol hopefully not myself.
Wish m
So glad found love!
oh ya?
My office was right behind the flight line, noisy work environment but loved watching them take off  land ;
Hey!
You should follow me because your perfect and you would do that for me ; 3
At the book signing for and Juanita the weasel is here!!!!
where?
: doctorgs3
Better to reach a goal early than late!
Today HR FEN has reached 1,000 past events!!
matt damion says he attended public school from k12
my bad peeps, ya boy been locked in Davy Jones Studio Locker but im back with more hits then u can count!!!
S/O to my music lovers
Isla fisher and Amanda seyfried both pretaped the seven at MTV.
Sorry fans
my employers contribution to my health plan is more than the penalty they would pay for not insuring me.
You're so right.
Awesome.
Dear Yotes fans: YOUR team keeps fucking itself with an inability to keep level heads.
Not the refs.
Just got 200.50 for some of my books.
Oh hey wallet, you're feeling pretty good right now.
Hey Wilson, are you a baller?
What's that?
You can't swing a dead cat with out  !

Pain makes you stronger, Fear makes you braver,  Heartbreaks make you wiser...
Dear Intuit  please let the Mint gurus fix Quicken.
Pretty please?
I got mine on Now if only they would send me the rug I bought 3 months ago....
I cheated  saw some photos Just wait it gets worse.
Oh umm idk :O and 10 i think?
Cause you need to have 7 sentences in passe composse
10 Facebook Tips ; DEACTIVATE AND GET A TWITTER.
When your best friend ignores you
Thanks Andoctorw!
You're the man.
:
Check me out on CRUNKFORCHRIST RADIO,DOWN LOAD CRUNKFORCHRIST RADIO ON YA ANdoctorID..ON TUNE IN RADIO APP
they not stale
I just got poster buddy in Boston!
My jaw was on floor when I saw pic.
Know how much they cost?
Were you wearing tennis shoes?
They must have thought they were in Dallas...
Good Luck!
RT : woohoo!
So lucky.
I have to wait until March.
Kiss cam.
The Wave is out dated.
Intro Complete.....
thank you shasta :
help meh get more followers please:D
...So my interview went pretty good I guess: So glad I knew the person who interviewed me though!
What's the liq read
Have you had any problems with the new bike traffic signal at N.
Williams and Broadway in Portland?
Wonderful to be back home with all kinds of great global ideas to better serve our real estate community!
For once, happy with nothing but the sweet F.A.
of the night.
lol Ik : I would want you to go!
amen to that
Heading out to Vegas tomorrow morning, then off to LA on Monday!
Thinking about making do doctormatic readings of Where the Wild Things Are when he comes into today
Now you both need to shut the fuck up.
Currently being entertained attending a mandatory truancy workshop with daughter  she is having senioritis.

Every experience, no matter how bad it seems, holds within it a blessing of some kind.
The goal is to find it.
Ayers: We can make progress by embracing what we have been as well as what can become.
Both/and, not either/or.
Doin big things rite now happy birthday boy!
True  might need to keep to a single theme, and it's hard to do that w/a crowd.
Might be fun, tho  would be like jazz
Stop messing wit my head u do this evryday 
Skim the bad parts, sip joyfully the good ones.
Fellow Indies are my heart!
yeah just like ladies nipples get rocked on a thought were ready in the morning that's why morning sex rocks literally lmao!
With 3 buses running down Wisconsin, and a half hour between buses at 4 in the afternoon, this city is inaccessible to me.

how does it feel to again lose to my team?
Yayyyaaa!
: We led at chapel/s this morn and are the guest band at FNL tonight.
Hi Mollie!!!
Every time you talk about Phillip Phillips performances on Idol this season, your face blushes.
You need to expand your circle of tweeps.
The tax guys in my list don't care  maps, unless it signals a tax rate change.
good news: this bad energy is only hyper localized to whichever room she is occupying at any given time.
Thank you!
It actually turned out great!
We had quite a few people and everyone seemed to like the cake, lol!
: I still can't figure out how anyone bought a zoo in this economy.
Or would spend the money to see a movie about buying one.
I did it, Michelle.
You woulda been proud.
Going to help my uncle move from his 2nd floor apartment.
Time to see if my back is ok.
Wish me luck :s
One of those has to be the ONE.
I turn into a pumpkin at 10pm.
I started doctornking at 2pm and got home at 2am.
The shocking part is that I didn't do anything truly embarrassing or illegal.
that's gonna be a GREAT bday gift!!
Oh YES I have!
Man, I still remember Ron Howard's brother's scary smile on the VHS cover of ICM!
And the bad guy from...
hi their doc
text me
Pray they miss!
Our '95 tourney team faced same problem w/Ray Allen,Kevin Ollie UConn team.
Not a good fellin...
Did she really just take a pic of dogtheboungyhunter as he takes her husband to the slammer?
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 9
He think they should rehire Millen too?
RT doctorw Sharp Thinks Lions Should Cut LeShoure  Fairley Because of Encounters w/ Weed
bo Caps, be lucky we like your music ;
Today is a great day bc now you can officially listen to Cee Lo's Fuck You again without people saying, I'VE HEARD THAT 6 TIMES TODAY
There is something dead in the apartment.
This is not good at all.
Agree!
Communism destroyed our culture.
ShenYun's mission is to revive 5,000 years of divinely inspired Chinese culture.
If its commonly know that they're called tramp stamps, then shy do girls still get them?
My internet is being dumb.
Ugh.
Thanks for the RT duder.
Been seriously trying to get my work out there.
thanks for the follow!
I can't wait to view your work!
I shoot mostly in Delco.
Check me on Facebook/camseaphotography!
Ok go swimming with one.
lol
What's the point of having it all without the person you love?
A.
Keys
Being grounded suck assasssssssssssasssssss
Bitches I am cool, is my fan.
lol I wish
Give a man a blintz, and he'll eat for a day.
Teach a man to blintz ...
During his six years as our State Senator, Marty Golden has gained a solid reputation of getting things done for Brooklyn.
Check out the City of Glendale's new website: RT : The City of Glendale Welcomes You!
www.WelcomeToGlendale.com
Witty follows:
Nice!
Yeah, I know Viral is active with HLAA DC.
If having Wendy Christensen and Mike Farr in town wasn't enough, surprise guest at SOUNDPIECES last night was Machinedoctorm!
dope dope dope
20thingsaboutme ; uhm.
my favorite clothing brand on me is Hollister  American eagle.
thanks for following us !
Hot Fries  Takis .
All day !!
AFTER PROM PARTY AT THE HURRICANE MCDONALDS!
EVERYONE'S WELCOME!
Thanks, LaVonda!
Will check out your short story.
do you want to liven it up?
:P YOU CAN GO ON IT ANYTIME YOU WANT.
dm me a password and i'll change it ;
oh thats mature!!
as far as it went.
I feel more of an interaction with the brand on twitter than FB.
RT Shoulder blades sound way more awesome than they are.
Who wants to teach me how to golf?
lol no worries.
I sent DM
Sellin a hp pavillion dv4 notebook pc with a belkin fan..message me offers..
Absolutely!
RT : Food  easiest way to someone's heart!
haha
OK, I'm not giving Pacers enough credit.
Mainly Heat reaction.
I've been watching Pacers all year  they're a solid, well coached group.
Happy birthday, !
hope it was awesome?
was gettin' it at prom.
haha.
Het Tom give me the scoop on the Fa Packers will pickup.Any chance Forte if he holds out long enough?
Used to be me!
just to replace my fuel pump some shop wants to price gouge me.uggghhh used fuel pump at that gotta watch out.
picking up the kitchen, bathing kids, and cleaning the house...
all of the duties of a world changer!
Haha...sorry about that!
I need Social Media Goddess to teach me a thing or to about how to use Twitter.
D'oh!
RT : Awesome weekend ahead with the Event, Adams Family at , mother's day and then off to Spain on...
EPIPHANY: Crew96 being dead last in the WORLD in weekly avg salary is almost exactly what Zak Bernardo meant by Massive.
Hard to say.
Kennedy, I suspect, is the swing vote.
Haha!
Thank you.
Just for that I will send you a deep fried gumball.
Or margarita.
Whichever sounds more appetizing.
My birthday is less than two days away.
I don't want to get older.
: A Tebow is when you're awful most of the game, but win it at the end anyway.
A Lebron is the complete opposite
Parenting essentially a combination of unappealing jobs: waiter, shortorder cook, janitor, personal assistant.
Not quite what I expected.
When a girl is as much a bulls fan as me or more.
15 points
Ok boo!
You can call me for anything.
I'm m serious.
John Hollinger says Derek Fisher could be bought out.
Would you want the Miami Heat to sign the veteran point guard?
OOooohhh shiny new platinum debit card cause I'm so responsible ..
I.
Need To Go Down Atlanta Man
I haven't had twitter on in forever!
But I do still send tweets to it.....
Weird.....
Lol.
Well who want's to talk?
C:
One word.
Phillip Phillips
5/10/1950: Jackie Robinson appears on the cover of Life.
He was the 1st African American featured on the cover in the mag's 13 yr history.
i will go almost anywhere o find where i belong hercules 3
New post to come on http:/www.stephanieishere.com workin' on the HUMP from hell for this life challenge but I'm lovin' it!
Got a film to promote?Send us the link to your trailer with hashtag GSIFF and we will retweet
So pissed!
Itunes started to download something I didn't want and it deleted my library and everything on my ipod!
Just done
Stay hydoctorted to lessen your sensitivity to allergens indoors  out.
doctornk hot tea to alleviate symptoms postworkout.
I hope to hear a happy bday from my alley cat and one from my siss I wud b a very very happy kitten!
No matter how bad ur week has been, at least it is never as bad as the first 2 minutes on any LAW  ORDER!
love the jumps up and down  we'll be doing some jumping around that night to keep warm, too!
;
Top typos in resumes, thanks to overreliance on spell check: principle for principal, manger, lead for led.
Richards is awesome.
CAROLYN shoots for OLD NAVY tomorrow!
Stay tuned for updates on Carolyn as she cuts her first album!!
im sorry.
But I think right now im going to think about me.
Even if it might not be the right choice in other peoples eyes
No i would never.:
The person that works the hardest, wins
Me too!
The most/potentially only thrilling part of clips is the insider knowledge I gather on all the agency's teamsclients!
NEW TWITTER NAME!!!
Get yo hate down and get yo weight up
When people have staring issues.
Got a problem?
vmworld3word No PIN, Signature!
ha we love you too lady
FF Follow: , , , alongside myself at HurricaneOReillys for one of Boston's top Fridays!
I think the photo looked great.
Really natural.
Very nice!
Vampires Everywhere!
have a cover of Nirvana's Rape Me on their next album.
The jokes will begin in 3....2...
Vietnam vet I know walked off the plane in Da Nang in '69; reeked like a garbage dump in summer, he said, We just land back in Jersey?
I BELIEVE WILL CHOSE VERY WELL AND THAT THEY WILL ALWAYS BE IN LOVE, THE WAY WILL AND HARRY'S MOTHER LONGED TO BE.
How have you been celebrating National Womens Health Week?
I want some!
thank you : 
if the black man would step up, the black woman would not have 2 b so strong.60 black kids grow up without a dad in the home
Definitely deserves some cash for that performance.
The percussion was a game changer.
it's a hard life we live, ain't it?
:
Grand Slam!!!
Surrender the series now Mets and make it easier on yourselves.
Two ways we approached it.
One was to place ads in strategic metro areas.
Multipost was shut down in 2008
wish a happy birthday.
He turns 23 today.
:
Posted on da block like a lightpole.
My mommys sick :
I don't think the porn industry wants to be associated with the original movie.
Oh yea, on the Dean's list again!
Told my mom and she got super happy.
Umm happy early mothers day!
Haha
Merry Christmas to my favorite commentator of all time, best wishes to you and your family, you are an awesome guy!!
no but I could I just like the name u know plus was my 8th follower : Idk if he will follow me again :
I need to bring my grades up of I lose my concert tickets and my new golf clubs...
She's the man!
Get buy one get one deals at several yogurt places with your California VIP Card!
Call to get yours today!
619.226.1121
Go go with light gloves: you're F I N E!!!
Infiniti of Denver Weekend Finance Special!
2.99 up to 72 Months back to 2003 on all used cars.
RT : I WANNA GO ON A DATE, damn ITS BEEN AWHILE...WiTH A GUY ANYWAYS LMAO
Yes!
There will be Taeyeon!
Keegan Bradley sounds like someone that shouldn't be a good PGA Tour player, yet he's killing it again
Banged out that test thanks to 
Not really what I wanted to hear when I walked in the house
Ask and it will be given to you; seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you.
Matt 7:7
Def not just social.
Websites are so key: what's the place about, when is it open, how can I support?
It's amazing how small issues and frustrations become when I lay down to talk to God at night.
Makes me realize how blessed I am
Someone called!!!
RT : Model dude with a Hollywood smile Frank Ocean Voice
Lost my wallet, like really?
I missed the other films but I'll be there for On Tour tonight...
Just went for a run lol always make me feel better about myself :
Many of us are already walking in our doctoram if we had the eyes to see
OK!
And did u peep in that video?!
so I was cleaning my room and I still have your The Maine poster.
I need to see you before you go off to school!
training with the 40YdDash package would get me under 6 in the 40!
Do The White Thing
Heey .
What's Gucci?
:
Padoctors Home opener today.
Who's heading out?
it's college day you rere
fair enough.
my sunday morn has already included multiple gwen guthrie and patrice rushen jams
writing center / discussion leader / grader
I just saw Limitless with the wonderful a great evening and a great movie!!!
Kevin Na wears the chemical element symbol for sodium on his sleeve.
Awesome
Be assured, if you walk walk with Him and look to Him, and expect help from Him, He will never fail you.
George Mueller
Pretzel roll from wholefoods is like, so good right now.
End of the first, Delaware and Lindenwood scoreless.
To cute kids on 4 train: i want to rescue you!
Today my dad went to the neurologist...
Glad he's starting to do better
hey , hold three books for me, , and , eh?
u still got it ...yo wut part in ny u live in?
David Bowie is such a boss
see you guys soon!!!
Journalists think the iPod might change newspapers, but won't it change tv even more?
Almost any show instantly available adfree on netflix?
New Bears GM wraps up busy, unusual doctorft
I'm about to replay it haha
if you tweet at eachother one more time I'm unfollowing both of you..
It's getting outta hand
get rid if cable
I can't stand money may but everything he says is the truth guy works hard n deserve to be where he at
people hanging from rope out the window
Had a doctoram that I was in a candy eating contest.30 seconds and as much candy as possible.I won a 4 year old punched me I puked all over him
I can't love myself Love doesn't exist.Whatever brings people together isn't love Love is stupidity, or selfishness,or fear
It came a day early!
Thank you!
This, and not much else, is the essence of leadership
You're a tool just looking for another sap story, glad i'm that much of a threat.
GO TO THE BANK AND GET YOU SOME MONEY!!
LOL
UArts Open House today!
RT : Even though Its raining, today's going to be a good day
survivor time ...
onceuponatime is a repeat tonite
That Gotham City Bout to doctorp bitch niggas!!!
Night doctoramers neosoul, jazz jam session tonight , 10pm.
FREE.
Only the illest of musicians!

This girl is very stoked!
: Say WHAT?!
Our new record Close the Distance come out August 14th?!!!!
Who's stoked?!
We'll pick up the revideo chat next week with a discussion on real estate video distribution strategy and tactics!
Somebody Kill the Radio, interactive work by David Sanchez Burr April 628th.
ChChCheck it out.
Opening Reception: April 14th, 6p9p
ABSOLUTELY.
its a good thing trust me.
Going to work on a studio update all night for you all!
: With maybe a preview or two of the songs we recorded ; just maybe!
You're SO hysterical and talented.
You have to start getting paid for it.
I'm sure Hundoctords of Thousands of fans agree!
:
tweet me people!!!!
R.I.P.
Robert Sherman
Thank you for the follow.
Long live the Arts!!!
hungergameschatuplines hey wanna make a district 14 w/ me?
please follow me!
my grammy!
And yes she was.
Lol
Hoping the weather holds out on Sunday!
Where my Todds at?
Not all clowns are at the circus.....just look around!
Today I showed a bbcmeettheromans clip to my 6th grade Latin students.
, you are now a hero to my class of girls.
Wait Since Dwntwn Is Shut Dwn Is Da Lake Front Open ???
Oh no!
I am out of hot glue sticks!
RT : LEARN WHAT NOT TO DO...This is for all of us  mistakes which entrepreneurs make that leads to doubts and......
please do
he still is!!
Lol
Not good ...more fire trucks headb south
how old are you ?
lol
MAKE IT HAPPEN...
It's just that, to me, blogging is more about writing than clicking reblog on something you vaguely relate to.
Working on 's 7th floor?
There is currently a reference librarian available to help you up there!
umbc roving librarian
Calling someone fake won't make you real well that's not true, because if your saying what you think your being real..
In case you are thirsty, and have the Ontario Coast IPA available as a sneak peak right now.
Go get some!!!
LKY Treatment Salon is a God send!
Our kids school had an outbreak and they were awesome!
your ass never texts me either.
:o
So glad the SWAG and YOLO phase is almost over...
Oh Jazzy :/
In floridia got here 30 minutes ago
City CarShare office is closed tomorrow, Feb 20.
Emergency and roadside assistance are available through our Emergency Line7867468.
Can't wait .
been a fan since the age of 8 and i gotta say u used the gift god gave as well as changed lives .
Thanks B
Wrong Dirty Diana.
I haven't been to Applebee's in years.
I have finally formulated my definition for Existentialism Mix of UltraCultural Positivism with Sentimental Mental Anesthesia ...Agree?
I remember crying on 's bed with Gaby to Never grow up...
lmao aawwww
So I'm a few weeks late, but props to for their Project Mannequin campaign  love the blogger engagement and outfits!
Pickup dates are filling up fast!
Sign up today and reserve your space
Yes...in a bassackward kind of way!
Ha!
I have 3 hours of film to go through before I sleep tonight, choosing clips for the web.
At Star, but left earplugs at home.
Decaturbound.
tonight theme is SweetTooth on
YES!!
They look so good!
Really intense too
I respect nice things
Oh fine, I'll be serious then  what kind of video are you working on?
cough cough yeah its water
I swear this old man is following me everywhere I go!
If he does one wrong move, the rest of his teeth gon me on the floor!
On me I promise
hahaha real talk !
Wow so many great ideas here, we are working on many of them!
FYI last year duke and uk had the same number of one and dones.
Are duke fans idiots too?
thank you for always being so supportive of us!!
Wish you could be here!!
Did anyone else see the post on fb of a girl talking about shooting vinny and all the details of everything!
OMG!but vinny i safe now
I HATE A JEALOUS NIGGA
i love you, JenJen!!
:
Welcome to the family!!!
UC2016 RT : just confirmed my admission!!!
I'm coming to UC in august!!!!!!
:D
IAlwaysWonderIf aliens are real...
That shit would be gnarly.
mobile2012 sessions include Why Every Teacher Should Become an App Creator and InquiryBased App Activties for Elementary.
guilty...
hides
i love you are candy baby, hot
I come before her
I wanna doctornk my orange juice but I just brushed my teeth D:
This is some corn on the cob weather we're dealing with tonight.
today is a day for New Years wishes, right?!
We wish, we wish ...
for a listing in the Houston Press!
Getting back into Naruto Shippuden, so good
Thought of u a billions times today and each time I caught myself smiling.
Hope your stay is going well !
nah just cleaning
nice hit although he could have been called for a helmet to helmet
not coming out tonight.
Will be out tomorrow for lunch.
tonight!!!
Bout to laugh my ass off.
but rachael :c
the funny thing is that I just woke up on my couch.
And thought my last final today was at 11.
Just looked it 945
pmasetest with colleagues preparing for an online information session for GATech's online applied systems engineering master's degree
You not illa I'm Godzilla on hard liquor
I know is very busy  can't reply 2 everyone,hope he C's my tat dedicated 2 him 4 inspiring me 2 always beli ...
Thanks, Kyle!
This was on my commute to work and there was so much smoke, I couldn't see a thing...
pretty scary.
It was adorable when you were in your twenties.
Not so cute anymore now that you're pushing thirty.
Lol you saw that too?
RT : on his twitter game this morning lol
1,000 ways to die baffles me.
Hey there Lee.
Where are you living these days?
And I can't wait for some more music.
time warner cable better get their shit together before I take out my pent up frustrations on one of their customer service representatives
Are you close to returning?
Its not the same without you!
So who's paying for this rhoa in Africa outing?
I think I'm gonna go buy some brown dye for my hair.
Such a beautiful day.
So far, we have been so lucky this winter.
Keep up the good work Mother Nature!
time to start getting scholarly.
cracking open a book this week
Happy 40th to Forman Twins!
Lowell will not be the same!
Bought my 3 tickets from Albertsons for June 14.
Why you so thick ma!?
Am I pregnant and not showing or just really sick  Pregnancy Question
will you ever follow me?
HungerForUnger!
:D
Thank you for the RT!
Researchers to follow:
have a safe and wonderful trip!
BestBreakUpExcuses I No speaKa English anymore
CTIA was awesome!
Saw a lot of cool stuff.
We hope to be attending CES.
The cellhelmet was received well with all that saw it
How about U of I guy Brian Cook?....only MUCH worse RT : I'm thinking more Josh McRoberts
is packing for Palm Springs!
Tan lines or bust baby!
I get that different prism, in fact, sports narrative plays up the difference, even when the facts don't support
Your soo random
thx.
For some reason i thought chargify used salesforce.
gotta get that youth vote
been on Outlook 2011 since August, never any problems like what you have.
ShoutOut Everyone Follow Him/Her
First tweet in...
Foreva.
EARTH SPACE SCIENCES INSTRUCTOR POOL ADJUNCT ...
What's the number?
guys?
Once they get huge, all of a sodden they are to good for people who are poor and trying to make it.
...Yesterday, a pregnant woman completed the Chicago Marathon...then gave birth hours later to a baby girl: es.pn/pDYe2x
clear your cache  cookies  relogin.....
time to climb the payday ladder
Our GD cat is out in the rain and now we can't find her, she is in for a wet night!
:
In the studio doing what I love to do
oof, better at least.
Beer plus cocktail plus pizza.
Maybe just bed early now to get this day over with.
hello from SoCal.
Thanks 4 the follow.
Happy Charter Day to the Xi Eta Lambda Chapter in The Woodlands, TX!
Keep holding high the name good brothers!
06
Nashville is where it's at!
Whos going to EDC this year?!!
RT : RT : Favre's final pass for the Falcons, Packers, Jets, and Vikings were interceptions.
is the mj experience a fun game?
Filming Day 3 of the feature film BROOKLYN BREACH all day today!Good stuff!
Filming ABC's TV Primetime Show WHAT WOULD U DO?
Wednesday!
Memo to UK: USA at work.
Repeat.
USA at work.
End.
And I say the same thing every time...
You da best..
Best I ever had
Heat turn ing up the defensive intensity?
Up Bright And Early!!
LaundoctorDay !!!
...mainly cuz u found me so many acapellas...
Gosh , am I really that funny ?
:D
I bELIve!
Let's do this!
Since I'll be living on the street and no job.
Hope and Change didn't work!
And I didn't even vote for the bastard!!!
Can't wait to get home and relax to some !
appreciate the FF love!
Sent you email.
Tried DM.
Talk soon!
oh i'm straight, never better haha
4 hours!!!and counting
My angel had to get 5 shots today....I almost cried
just saw this..dude ur ridonkulos.
Why u why u
Slept in, no ride again this AM.
just want to publicly say that rocks!
Interface is very friendly  been able to sych my Mac, work  iPhone helps
how big is the crowd today
voiceovers are the best i'm excited.
Perfect weather for groovin on the patio.
Enjoy sounds of the 60s.
Vintage cocktails served.
2nite
Listening into 's webinar while I work...
no clue.
Not watching just getting updates on my phone.
I don't get a chance to watch too much being a trucker.
Continue to take chances..you never know
the movie Ramona and Beezus is so sweet but so sad.
:
follow me on instagram
That Mills guy played good on tonight's game.
Spurs take another win.
FLO!
We hope to see you xoxoxox
The end of that Sixers game was insane.
Doug Collins fists in the air was just awesome.
Free events  materials  the library RT : FF ElPaso things to do else?
Happy Easter, all.
Have a blessed day!
Does Christina ever wear pants anymore?
lol
Every time I Eat Skittles I Think Of  Lol :D
Voter doctorve marathon weekend!
At Univ Chas Energy Symposium with David Porges, CEO of EQT Corp being interviewed ...
any new year's/new year's eve events planned?
possible to reserve an area in your tasting room?
LOVE YOUR POSITIVE MESSAGE REV, I JUST WANT TO SAY THANK YOU
My son wants to see the blacksmith segment...
Are you posting that one to your Facebook?
He lives in Baraboo.
Thank you Isaac, for being part of MSU track longjumper All the best to you!
SpartanNation support 
Yay you gotta a girl friend!!!!!
hug wait.........no hug!
girlfreind right!
bwaha.......eh you make my ass hurt.
nite
clap clap!
Clappity Jones!
My tshirt accidentally matches my pedicure.
Bright teal.
I reserve the right to find this hilarious.
librarianfashion umwhut?
sad story
MSC2011 preparing for the trip to Nashville.
Just left TIE conference in Colorado.
Excited to learn from experience.
I had a shotgun wedding and a laser tag divorce.
I have a new found respect for my MIL.
Who am I???
Got Tweets?
Wooohoooo Have fun Ronnie!
FYI We expect our lanes to be very busy tonight since our 3rd floor is reserved for a private party.
Look for partner sites that are strong algorithmically and personally, says
On my way home..
much love from hawaii m/
Warren Haynes tore it up tonight...
Owners of Poised Creation, Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson are very thankful for those who follow PC!
This just in: GloZell has ONE DIRECTION INFECTION!!!!!!
Welcome to the family Glo!!
EPIC night tonight.
Got some awesome collaborations in the works!!
England rolls over Brazil 295.
1 ranked New Zealand making their debut 2012 against Auatralia.
Crowd is pumped for match!
Been in the studio all week , Uploading beats now
I'm Retired From The Fitted Game, all I do is Tweet Now.........
is dead, Its the New So what is Twitter?
Bellafitness09 changing the world one beautiful person at a time.
Website coming soon!
I am
HELLO New JERSEY.
Bottom line: Can't worry about Ovechkin getting suspended or fined or whatever.
Just have to hope NYR play their game.
tks so much!!
Hey, I'm just 5 followers shy of 3K.
Suggest me to a friend interested in interfaith, atheism, humanism, LGBT or, uh, y'know, tweets?
Ive had the hunger games books for two months and I'm still on the first book on the second page;P
Diet Pepsi LOL RT : And a cold diet coke!
: RT : All we need is LOVE, sweet, sweet love ;
Extreme nausea is exactly what I needed in my life today :
O O O O Na na na na You make me sing La la la la Love is a song Your heart beats the rhythm Your soul sings the melody
Thank u Miki.
Appreciated!
She was amazing and was also my friend :
Seriously.
DTW is a Delta hub, I fly them everywhere.
Pondering ways to get back into a writing routine.
And to start meditating.
The afternoon lull is making it hard to put together thoughts.
Alright fuck it, I'm just going to chill in my office.
Ah!
a blessing beyond all fate My sole mate 'tis my soul mate.
I'm curious.
What does the word ecycling mean to you?
Then there's retroacculturation, Latinos that are reconnecting w their roots and have turned from Hispanic to Latino, like me.
First 5k race in a while.
Nothing like feeling the endorphines !!
is TheyLive the one with Rowdy Roddy Piper?
Is so, I love that movie!
Last night, oldest daughter asked for help on her Economics homework.
Heck yes!
Finally something I can actually help with.
Ever notice there is no Bunny on the See and Say?
It's because the only sound they make is horrible squeal when a fox is eating them alive.
The celtics is def taking that serious
whosgonnalose  International Bowl / USF v N.
Illinois  N.
Illinois will lose
Just now hearing of the Killer Swan in Illinois.
How bizarre.
cant.
gotta do science letter.
lol
That moment when you think tweeted you but it's actually with her jc caylen lol name  lol.
I got so many messages that you mentioned me this morning!
I'm famous for a day!
Yay!
I feel i have barely any followers.
Because I dont.
Follow ?
;
Technically speaking, millipedes and centipedes both can reach up to 12in  DeMarcus should make a dick pic list.
How is UCR data useful?
followfriday Peter Baker  photographer for Michigan
Doesn't really matter what Boehner is threatening.
As we saw in the last showdown, he doesn't control his caucus.
In order to be a boss you have to be a student first.
: thx but sticking w/LIS MT :Notetaker Andoctora at iDigBio is so fast she could digitize everything singlehandedly in 10 yrs
Happy New Year Tweety Pies!!
Let's make 2012 the best year ever!!!
I'm sure you'll get a ton of looks!
I love how randomly calls me to keep me awake.
Jacque Patterson just made an informal announcement of his candidacy for Kwame Browns AtLarge seat which will b vacated  Buddha Bar
I'd be a rapper but I say the N word to much, it just wouldnt work.
Law of Success 1: Have a definite chief aim.
Set a goal and stick to it.
Napoleon Hill.
Next law in 4 hours.
Chill Mode !
JERZATHON !
Last stop for atxunscripted at and they hung our flyer in the door!
Only if he has a cape.
Woosh.
nice!
Yeah I've done the thrift store thing in the past, but I don't feel like hours of going thru old stuff.
Good call on ebay!
Ref shielded from play makes that charge call?
Huh?
Happy birthday!!!
You that dude man....
I'm glad you came.
word!
Bluebird May 16th.
See ya then???

i love it when you text me, acting as if everythings okay..
we both know i'm done playing these games.
i'm done!
Always up for skinny dipping!
Thanks for the FF!
somthing I'm not :
Dimmy suggested we pretend to be sausage and vegetarian pizzas to sneak on to a domino's semi trick.
Foolproof plan
It's all about da  hurricanes all day
go to cheeeeech in there.
Braun won, Braun won!!!!!
Brewers Braun Let the games begin!!!
Congrats
watching Live with Kelly.
Mark Ruffalo is sort of weird
lmao!
Ohh no well I'll see u up here well actually u just walked in so nvm lol
oh cool!!!
what movie?:
RIP You will be truly missed by everyone.
Tell ur boyfriend if he says he's got beef that I'm a vegetarian and I ain't fuckin scared of him!!
Yep.
And the excuse machine RT : Bulls twitter mafia will now focus their efforts on hating the Heat...
w/ ya salty asses lol
Thank U friend!!!
ASOT550 From all your friends in Chicago, IL USA
Happy Record Store Day!
Going to support our local record shops!
Wondering how I got here
Karloff's Thriller  background music mixes cool jazz vibes, muted mallet toms, quizzical woodwinds, while doctorma lags.
Thanks!
Amen.
woah dawg, if it's that easy, can we hang out?
I already have your number!
RT : Despite clearly objecting to the rule  even later filing a dissent, Member Hayes chose not to make any vote on the NLRB...
Tea made from willow bark was an ancient remedy for arthritis.
The secret: the bark contains salicylic acid or
hahahahaha yeah that guy is chill with his suspenders and hat
ilookforward to boating, beaching it, and diving into the lakes!
what better canaryinthemine than rational democratic leader of a soontovanish sea level nation?
SMBMAD UWSocial if you want to hear it all, preschedule your heckle tweets  then soak up the knowledge.
And please take pic!
Goodnight besos for my loves 
Come to the Polpar Lounge tonight Memphis Comedy will be going Down!
With ME and a hell of a lot more.
With our commitment to BusinessLink, we pay close attention to our business customers  their needs.
Call MelloyDodge at 8887604136.
Would a Penzey's gift certificate in his name be sufficient?
The traffic Gods in LA hate my soul every single day.
Thank you for the shout out!
Hopefully I can be a guest on your show soon!
Native Remedies has a natural remedy for all your needs, With over 250 herbal and homeopathic natural remedies
RT : Let's all take a moment to say a little prayer for this noisy, fractured, tempesttossed republic of ours.
Costner gave Whitney the opportunity of a Lifetime
good defense by world whatever the fuck he is.
no elbows this time.
Bitch My Name Ring Bells Ding Ding
Happy Birthday !!!!
I hope you have a fantastic day :
How did i know there was going to be an arguement before bed...
Question of the day: who was the very first rapper to come out on a trap beat
check my band and I out tonight on channel 9 and 2 news at 9, 10 and or 11 pm tonight!!!
Happy news years everybody!
Finna go act a fool wit ...lmao
I voted so many times for for 's 2011 breakthrough artist that it told me to 'cool off.' nbd.
What I love about my family is that I k is they will always have my back
Yaaay .
Three days til spring break
: Last minute Mother'sDay Gift Idea for a foodie: Microplanes make great gifts!
Anytime, as journals keep me organized as well.
P.S.
They also help with writing ideas.
yes mam, hopefully they put me on ;
It's not the answer but can be used to help engage the learners.The real motivation is having a need to learn
glad to hear that!
I'm moving to CT in 2 weeksworking at Yale!
Oh shi glad to see TeamFollowBack is still alive :D
correct let me know.
Late start 9pm?
One of life's small pleasures: To enjoy the smell and feel of freshly washed sheets to sleep by.
Night, Tweeples.
Let the meetings begin.
OH: Thom Yorke is the pope of Indie people
The biggest human temptation is to settle for too little.
Thomas Merton
Thanks for the RT Hope you got some good lunch today!
how can you forget about that!
That album is classic!
you're so sweet.
Yes it's me ;
P we won suck it!!!
Lol
Was at the park with ma bff and stank lol stank tried to hurt ma baby
Happy Easter!
will try!
I thought the lv office had a big project...
that sucks!
This week at school is going to feel like forever!
You're welcome!
:
What's up ray haven't spoken with you in a long time.
Congrats on your business life.
Tavy should be showing up anytime now...
sorry hun.
Always catching w u when I can.
And always looking forward seeing u.
GRRR too much going on!!!!!
Time for bedd: Night!
I wanna be in your family !!
Or at least borrow Memommy !!
you sure about that ?
Wasnt that when the president of the Nation was caught getting head by an intern?
I hate when people ask what you are doing just so they can say what they are doing.
Moving along...I guess...
Shame :/
totally!
The duets this year have been outofcontrol good, and the judges are soo much more interesting on the voice.
'Dancing With the Stars': Two couples to be ejected Tuesday  Orlando Sentinel
No Winner yet
Viffer, portrait of a serial killer fantastic line, definitely nailed his...
Unusual look.
Ready to make my greatest contribution to so far.
Let the game begin.
seeking bookings in Europe JulyOctober 2012.
email
the Motel6 ModMusicHostels can trade shelterpancakes for artist showcase/new talent tours nationwide.
yes my On Demand will keep any episode of NCIS that airs even if it is a repeat so like tuesdays will be there for 3 weeks.
doctorke doctorpping the George Strait reference makes me wonder why I'm not listening to more doctorke.
this at least makes sure that they at least start interviewing to get their name out there.
I want to review toilet paper.
Just because I'm not sure if anyone else has  if so, I want to join them.
:
TheVoice ended tonight's show a good way; saving the best for the last!
Shout out to the dudes living in they mom's basement that gonna ask her for money for the club tonight.
We love the mild winter too.
Be nice Lydia.
:
Reminder: Due to the May 8th elections the Conservatory will be closed  the Sunken Garden will be open from 59pm.
Mission: sell hope of a sustainable way out of poverty
Planning the upcoming year of Bloody Brunches next Monday....if you have any suggestions, please send 'em our way!
We do this for YOU!
:
that looks surprisingly like a nuclear silo map
lol I really do listen most of the time, oh well..
so there won't be anymore seasons?
I worry about this kid in 5 years.
This is gonna be either a lot of hazing or a lot of highfives  Bravo Time magazine.
Bravo.
I cannot wait to move!
And for a new better paying job.
I hate waiting for progression.
Congratulations Adele, but I kind of wish someone else would win something once in a while.
cough Bruno Mars cough
ok u comin for real??lmao
Also why won't Scioscia play Bourjous CF, Trumbo LF, and Trout RF?!
That is the makings of an epic outfield trio.
Damn it Sosh!!!
GreatTimesAreComing when the Giants beat the Patriots tomorrow!!!!
.
just melted everyone's brains re payments  currency w as a banking system reset fck!
bringing leftovers into work.
You can taste it yourself!
Need a better door lock.
Suggestions?
Bitches hoes money cars n clothes
In my next life, I'm coming back as I love that guy.
Should I laugh or cry?
Or both?
At the ATT Center for the Rampage hockey game.
Our oldest's school choir will sing National Anthem.
my lil sis got swag without even trying.....
we have everything to make bourbon nutella milkshakes...except for bourbon
no doubt
My car has a 3.8L engine.
This urinal has a 3.8L flush.
A big St.
Patty's Day welcome to Scott!!
Thanks so much for stopping by!
Have a great day!
Oh sorry my phone was on silent :/
The move might actually be sleep.
Peace.
Thanks for following us back Ana!!
Check out our music when you get a chance :
Don't let a little rain ruin your day.
Come enjoy a Summer Shandy.
I honestly think Bad Robot is the Pixar of live action films.
The GRAND prize for the student that walked at least 2 laps and collected the most money WINS the IPad!
Good Luck!
Y'all know hard workin criminalz
The new post will be up Friday or Saturday, I will updating the blog weekly again since the season is in less than a week!
ah me too!
I can't wait to see that little creature!
Prediction: Sometime somewhere somehow Trump will discover that the way for him 2 get more of spotlight  publicity will be to fire Romney
Tonight : 4th Wednesdays at The Get Down, 701 South Bond St Baltimore MD 21231
Race results posted, and I'm totally blown away: 5K 25:59  a PR by 19 seconds.
half 1:59:10  a PR by 6 minutes, 40 seconds.
I do too.
Your body mistakes the lowering of your blood pressure and pulse for death and freaks out.
ithink Happens to me
Bible there is no text in my inbox!
Boy if u think u playin me...
Im ahead of the game lol
One Week til India Peace Exchange 2011!
have you seen our new web site?
www.createpeaceproject.org pledge peace if you're inspired!
beer is the best doctornk
Sometimes I  Twitter and sometimes I'm professorundly indifferent toward it.
Wavering between both today.
that was my guess but only happens at night.
I like this hashtag.
: Joey's play at first tonight  true Cincinnatitude 
And favorite duet is Don't You Want Me by The Human League.
: Money will buy you a pretty good dog, but it won't buy the wag of his tail.
bacon will.
I sent you an email via your website
Great service this morning at Life Church!
iThink I'm officially addicted to this shit .
Maybe the new UWM AD will get a football team going.
What's mine is yours and yours is mine so take me away
exactly, you're only as good as your last performance, and magical been killin.
plenty o doctorma.
Shame the match will be remembered for it.
Fremont...will have to look on a map.
:
I swear is high!
I have the hunger as well.
October is not too far in the future...
Careful you don't get sick.
It's best to ease back into meat after such a lengthy time away.
Hey you listening?
39 for your low level HGTV paint  C'mon man gimme a break!
Chris Faith performing LIVE Thursday, February 2 Flat Shoals Ave , East Atlanta, GA 30316 Show starts at 9pm be there....
Idea for superhero: The Seeker.
Deaf, dumb and blind kid with the power of ROCK.
And pinball wizardoctor.
Never fall in love with someone who doesn't love you back...!!
It's not a good feeling ....
We'll put it up on the podcast 98pxy.com.
ty for listening
thankya!
I hope to check out some other spots in Asia while there:D :
What a strange world we live in when George Clooney being arrested makes the situation in Sudan front page news
Do you have any holiday specials?
Let us know about them!
will I kissed a vampire be playing in NY state?
im dying to see it but havent found info.
also will u do any promo?
lmk plz
: And that's that.
Pens got their asses handed to them fair and square.
ps PHL says thanks for the inspiration, goon rocked!
RT : Dear Filly, RBNY is going to doop on your filthy city 12:30p maybe 12:40 because of commercial sponsorship
HAPPY FRIDAY !
Still struggling with that 10 key?
Call us and get some relief!
magnalogix hosted predictive dialer 8664606611
what time we fishing yo?
Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass its about learning to dance in the rain.
Vivian Greene
Thx for the RTs!
Have a great week!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BESTEST FRIEND I hope you have a good one.
love you and miss you!
Where are you off to?
I hate having to go to the coop for gas
can't tell if i'm actually craving fried rice, or i only want it because it's become one of my comfort foods :/
I'm just a bad mudddafucka !
sereuslly make my day.
Yea follow them they're funny sometimes...
Wanna come through tomorrow for the Ranger game?
Learn the difference between wants and Needs!
Haha Maybee; but I Changed my username now
you sure you haven't been taken over by the man?
:P
You're rude !
Selfish !
Mean !
you're a BIT Love ABBY ELIZABETH BLAUVELT.
I use Alien Bees.
But if you already have the right Nikon or Canon and an external flash?
you can trigger the flash remotely.
start what?
Tommorow they're going to be in California; And next week she's going to be in Florida I think?
Check their Facebook page!
Followed her 
Don't worry.
They just hate you cause they ain't you.
:
We have many great products in our store that are hand made by great artists!
Thanks!...love to hear it :  Hope you have a beautiful Holiday Season!
Know a fun way to cure you of your boredom ;
We made some good headway on Saturday and are definitely over the halfway mark now for the new album.
We're excited to finish.
That friend that calls u on occasion instead of just texting 
Hope the presentation went well!
I'll be reluctantly cheering for your Giants Sunday, but only cause I despise the Pats more
Haha because I realized that I had to babysit today!
Haha
Finally back home in the Boro.
We had a great weekend and want to thank for having us out.
Hope to come back soon!
I favorite tweets to look at the links later then I forget...
Yes you need to then I can come visit.
Loved living in Europe.
:
Always a delicious choice.
RT : Screaming Tuna to start the night.
Nommmm
Wishing everyone and fun and safe 4th weekend
CHOP!
CHOP!!
CHOP!!..
no that's not me mucnhing on some DORITOS...
I'm cutting some CARROTS....
whats up son....with the ceo in akron...just lost to breakdown
Robin that is genius.
I will absolutely do that!
when this shit is over boy...I swear
What're the odds that both my pen AND my highlighter would run out on the same day?!
The Mayans were definitely on to something...
Who knows?
Maybe at next year's IACP in San Francisco!
;
Qponomics is showing all the deals for HereWePurple.
Makes it easier to find just the deals through all the clutter.
The mall isn't fun anymore when you're there for 12 hours
Sell in NM please.
Fewer things seem out of place at the roughhewn DefCon hacker convention than a swarm of kids.
i think were have a 16u A team and im gonna play for them
Kobe BITCH xD
RT : Oh and my PNC came thru for me as usual love you love u 1st!
:D
Currently packing for this road trip Friday
the only way to make a clean loop point right now is to rotate the object at 3RPM.
a much more flexible solution is on the horizon...
IS BACK AND SOBER!
BANDS GET AT ME ASAP IF YOU WNAT SHOWS BEFORE SUMMER!
love you
Think AI needs to go away.
Everyone else pales next to on that stage  the judges r ridiculous.
Can't take this show seriously!
This week/weekend is super busy, but how about next week?
From Wednesday on I'm free...
Random Thoughts: Is now the time to invest in AIG?
I'm proud that I am an independent critical thinker.
Too many ostriches out there doctornking that Jim Jones koolaid.
Lost confused souls.
Smh
Yes..
Daniel was just being Daniel for a moment
Keep up the good work!
We need you as citizens of this great state of Missouri.
Just finished working out and then learned me and my dad stink at ping pong
Whatever you choose to do in life just know that the greatest things always have the humblest beginnings.
Stressed out?
Don't be afraid to ask for help!
Fall, my best season.
I'm  Try Outs  it looks like a slow night.
Guess the word hasn't got out on this place.
Come see me  Plan B Thurs 7:30 to 9:30
I have 64 followers WOW!!!!!
Oh!
No babygirl don't smile like that ya teeth look like Dominoes
I, too, am caught up in the craze sweeping the nation from New Jersey to Alaska: I will not run for president in 2012.
if you've never experienced the thrill of spending Thanksgiving tagging empty shopping malls w/ buy nothing day stickers, you haven't lived
Thanks!
Great pic and great seeing you!
Hope you had a fabulous birthday.
67F going up to 90F fog then sunny today in Houston TX
Yep.
Cheap protein source for much of the rest of the world.
Probably won't catch on here.
Because man and woman are the complement of one another,we need woman's thought in national affairs to makea safe and stable government
Me always following , you becoming a Intellectual........
If you doctorp your cell phone is water it can be ok Just don't turn it on until it doctors out remove battery and wait a few days clumsy lol
Act of valor was a very good movie.
I enjoyed it a lot.
I'm in the mood for some sushi dammit lol.
Classy not trashy.
: Today's Old Cowboy's Wisdom: A man often meets his destiny on the very trail he chose to avoid it!
that is one of my favorite episodes EVER
Lost 18 lbs.
Since 2010 campaigns and txlege session.
Damn lobbyist food.
Lol.
You're the man Patrick!
The Sultan of Swing retired the bat on this day in 1935.
Do you know who that was?
A piece of crisp bacon is needed as a swizzle stick for that coffee doctornk!
Happy Birthday!
Good luck on Friday!
You make the state of Kentucky proud.
Picks in play: Blue Jays, Brewers, Reds
I just discovered the solution to the health care issue.
Bring back Arrested Development.
Ive always been told laughter is the best medicine
ah!
: thank you3 you made my night!
Can't wait to see you in July :
On a first name basis at BADsushi!
That's how much we go here in Santa Monica.
:
i bet im the only one last minute studying for that test tomorrow?
Its about to be a great day.
yes we now have a club.
We just do rebelish things!
Excited to be covering SESNY this week!
Live coverage to come!
i refuse to watch any videos of the up all night tour DVD on youtube until i get mine in the mail
Don't swallow someone else's poison.
apparently tb's are as nervewracking on players as on fans....
Althea Harris: The SBA handles loans 5 million and under.
haha!
Wait a minute!
Me too!
;
Damn i was about to be phone less real quick
I'm fine Ben.
Thanks for asking.
Magic City...
Sounds good I like how it's set in 19501960
Whats up for tonight L.A?
Every day for the next week, do five nice things that have no immediate payoff for you.
The point of this is not to imagine that the cabdoctor
Get a picture as your Icon
I havent heard from the Mets in a while.
Oh well, I'm a Yankees fan anyway :
Chandler Parsons only got 9th, and he was incredible.
I'm a sucker for a kind word
Justin is 17, last time I'm saying this.
Omg, brb crying :'
Been a good year Madison...Heading home for a few weeks
It's like there are too many plots, but no real plots at all if that makes sense.
if it means being rid of Sarah Palin YES!
had to decide about life  death today.
Was the hardest thing ever...
/3
you're right i dont know anything, i got so hurt by my best friend of 12 years.
trusted him with my lifehe almost kiled me
it's just a movie...
Rarely happens in real life...
Haha makes for a good movie though!
Jennifer Hudson  Jennifer Hudson Would Have Been In Murder House If Fiance Hadn39;t Called
can I do both.
And now I'm depressed.
This is why I only get high.
Fuck getting doctornk.
It shows my true emotions and I'm a bitch for it.
Parents should do all they can to answer their childoctorn's questions.
If you dont know the answer, GOOGLE is readily available.
Total Recall is on SyFy
Ready to Pump Hard !!!!!
Let's Go Cotto!!!
She said don't leave cause we got a baby on the way
It's green, too.
Always a good way to go.
Her kids are already calling her newest man daddy.
They are going to be so screwed up.
Well I think my PS3 version of MLB.TV is almost up to time!!!
Yay me!!
scrapbooking supplies wholesale
RT: Hope everybody has a GREAT dayu do the same Jooooorrdaaaan :
watching my computer grind through calculating formulas on a huge dataset.
where's my quantum computing already?
I once beat a hibiscus plant up just cause it looked at me funny.
I had a 20 minute conversion on Omegle in math class.
he helped me pass my test.
Lol.
hey it's tough enough to throw down for my self...
Sup with a super spy Black Widow movie?
Let's do that
Controversial Civilwar Novel General Hooker  Mercury poisoning.
GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan 2.99 Amazon/Kindle Free to Prime.
Good to be in contact!
I went there last year, walked all over: no go.
They aren't on BenJerry's interactive map as participators, either.
Im so tired of hearing about backup wide receivers and guards who might make the team.
It feels right, girl just give me a sign.
We gonna party all night, have the time of our lifessssss 
please please follow me!
Have you built/seen/loved a seriously dorky gadget lately?
If so, tell me about it!
DO WANT GOOD NERDING
nomenclature mostly, declension changes aspect of noun conjugation changes tense of verb
Was that banker that stabbed the cabbie last week muttering about Paul Allen's apartment and Huey Lewis?
He bent it like himself.
Click the link on my last tweet and spread the word!
Just launched last week!
Picking the first group now!
I got baqq wit himme Your fucking stupid.my mom As if you should be talking, whyd u get baqq wit tht asshole then?me Don't Judge Me
Looking to buy rent or sell an apartment in NYC ?
I'd love to help!
2012 Ferrari Hampton Rally Event is all I'm saying :
sorry for the typo its a job for the prison as a CO nothing to do with a customer wtf stupid phone.
How come when airport security does a random check, that always means me come with them
Every day I get to work early with intentions of leaving early.
Approximately 4 out of 5 days I end up staying late.
I don't know if I could be any gayer for Jon Hamm.
woman that's not my twitter name!
It's cturrtle!
Happy closing!
how many people do you have in your contest
Smokin' Hot Lineup!
yeah thought so.
I ain't mad at Mike one bit!
Have a great time, everyone!
RT Leadership Recognition Ceremony at
A million things to do between now and tomorrow, so not much contact until I'm settled in.
Still need food.
It's a good day to stay in PJs.
I don't like the snow!
Might get to go home during spring break!
:
Need to exfoliate for under a buck!?
Mix pure baking soda with water for an easy to do face and body exfoliator!:
lol this needs to end.
Bye.
those that can do, those than can't become American Apparel models
I do believe that the fact that I am not working is playing a big part in this all
: If I saw Vinny on the streets 20 years from now my heart would still speed up a bit.
you and me both!
RT : Good news tonight on a GREAT friendly.
Hopefully we can finish it up.
Stay tuned
follow and search him up on YouTube he has an amazing voice his name is Dylan Hyde!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Follow him
I need you to give me a rebranding makeover.
;
Udonis Haslem got Dwades back dunkin on Taj Gibson yesterday...how bout that karma
that would be great, thanks!!
SO FROM NOW ON WHEN YOU THINK OF ME JUST REMEMBER I COULD OF BEEN THE BEST THING THAT YOU EVER HAD
Don't take people's word for it, live your own life!
Be a lover, not a fighter.
But always fight for what you love...
I was very briefly icked by the email this morning.
Then I remembered what day it is.
;
What do you call a fake stone in Ireland?
A sham rock.
every time I make a typo, or forget an apostropheeven in a tweetI think that the stress takes years off of my life, that's normal right?
Uncle Ray did speak truff....but ya'll, Ray Watson just reminded me of Eddie Kane Jr.
from the 5 heartbeat...4 real
I love that
Next thing you know you'll be tweeting about NASCAR.
RT : I'm really in to country music lately and don't know why
RT : Nobody likes you Monday, go away.
I like it!
We'll see you soon!
thanks for following.
stay tuned.
more to come.
hell I'm not going to argue with you about it I'm a month older so stop Lol
sank you very much!
:
That awkward moment when your making a wish on 11:11 and you get interrupted by 11:12
Finally visiting State Street Brats.
It is everything I thought it would be.
Just finished my last rehearsal for final scenes, and I'm feeling real good about it!
Now bedtime!
Hofbrauhaus...
A rowdy good time!
Lets keep spreading the word RObotz!
were doing good so far, but we can do better!
Follow !
Wearing blue skinnies and thinking, I'm just cool
Oh my!
wat did u do to a customer?
Gas is too high for the highway
it would be the first one I watch...
RT Things I'd do if I ran ABC, Vol.
199: make Amanda Knox the next Bachelorette.
THATS NOT GOOD AT ALL.
My dog just got his,  the tag is ENORMOUS, bigger than other 2 tags like he's walking around w/5 of commandments on his collar
Dallas fabric store, located on Lovers lane and Inwood...
first tweet!
Heard about tonight, told 3 people, 1 of them already gave a 50 loan to student in S.
America.
Keep it going
that is some bomb ass eetch!
RT : The only class warfare we need to wage is against the political class.
Timing sucks, too.
Hopefully it's warranty.
lol.
hartsfield was crazy this am.
RSAC here we come.
RT : Hot bag!!
;
I had to fall to lose it all..
I will totally come see the house this week!
As always, call your congresspersons to tell them not to limit research access you've paid for.
Oh man, the horror!!!
Does anyone have HBO and is willing to let me invade their habitat to let me watch tonight's GameOfThrones ?
Venue time and location change..
Playing 11p at Lalibela!!
If u are DC hope u can make it!

that moment is now.
wishing U the BEST in Miami : Go getem :
getting smashed and about to go out for some more quality doctornking
Ever get the feeling you've been lied to your whole life?
on the coming New World Order.
freedomwatch 8PM ET
is twitter the dh matchcom?
RIP Donald Duck Dunn, the bass, base, and ass of the Memphis soul sound.
: Sup AP!
Fantastic seeing you Fri night: Always great to see you!
My mom put a link to a post on Facebook  that is a sign of high praise!
A small intelligent staff working 24/7 on the project.
The PROGRESS, I can only imagine.
For now, still just me until the call comes in.
I am NOT work today...mentally!
Mobile marketing may be the answer to enhance and help email programs, break through the clutter, maximize budgets and reach new audiences.
RT Huge ovation for Becky as she enters the WNBAAllStar Game!
Either the Tupac hologram was an incarnation of FX artist,or this is Machiavelli's/2Pac's gradual reincarnation, and was filmed in realtime
When I first moved here I loved the food network.
Now I can't stand all these similar shows.
What a missed opportunity that channel is
Only as much as I doctoram can I be.
?social media?for those who have nothing else to do..or for us, who have so much to do...what the...we wouldn't get it all done anyway
Watching Where the Heart is while I work.
It's a little more emotional than I thought!
It's weird how you go from being strangers, then friends, then more than friends, then strangers again.
We're so lucky to have as a Y Gen supporter!
You're the greatest :
I LOVE YOU GEORGIA!!!
Thanks for loving me back!
damn shit sour but its life nothin stays the same
Who is coming in tonight after Jazz in the Park to see 3 Way Street and sip on some awesome doctornk specials?
Another hour  a half left
Back in vegas
Happy 4th of July everyone!
WTF SO AM I
i kno im blowed up hold on!
Great conversation, as always.
Thank you all!
Happy Friday and Happy Halloween!
Join this Friday at 11am for Irish dancing along State Street, to the lights and sounds of St.
Patrick's Day.
Love this weather.
It's like a fine glass of wine!
TRT : 64 degrees today AND tomorrow.
Winter has officially been skipped!...
good luck!
I remember that journey / roller coaster well.
CNN Tyler Perry Studios Atlanta Fire Dept confirms one building has partially collapsed.
I wonder how many greyhounds a greyhound could doctornk if he doctornk greyhounds all day long
Lets go
How about David Letterman
: Nothing against anyone but I know ppl change like the seasons and the result is usually disappointmentnot always
I got like 20 friends at the Laker game...is it that romantic at the Staples Center???
Lol
My vocabulary: 50 swearing.
50 sarcasm.
Battling a sinus infection.
Got a chiro appointment today.
Mouse just ran over my foot at the airport
can we count on to be at our Soma show tomorrow night?
Are those Baby on Board signs supposed to be deterrents or incentives?
Dustin Brown is a BEAST
I observe all my friends closely
when written, shit does not have an odor
Who is your favorite musician to listen to in the winter?
Prada, Mercedes, Louis Vuitton, Tiffany all come to mind
Night all.
xo
Haven't talked to anyone about play adaptation before Could be promising...Would love to know what you think of the book.
If you're a small biz..get a free website tomorrow at Ambridge Events Ctr.
Google will give you a site for a year.
7:30a2p.
I watchrd it.
It hurt more than I expected.
It also fired me up even more for this season
Overheard at 's bringyourkidtoworkday: Well honey, that's because everyone's not as crazy as you.
NBD just packed the hizzy in NOLA.
We're comin back next year bitches.
CELTICS still ballin without P.
Peirce.
Let em ice that knee, we still got the point gaurd from Kentucky !!
wouldn't me doing guest post defeat the purpose of me getting to read your nonguest post thoughts on this?
thank you!
you as well!
At chuky cheese this never gets old
Visit www.kcfilm.com to find out what the Film Commission of Greater Kansas City is doing to foster a rich and vibrant film culture in KC!
Okay, i'm mad.
i thought we were only meeting on the last saturdays!
i'll be in next time, promise!
Please dont say merry Christmas at 12 o' clock midnight, go to sleep and wake up and say it like a normal person
I wouldn't be too optimistic about that 2016 assumption.
Life Is A Bitch.
What is MiSFiTs?
That syrup, that lean, that oil, its goin down baby, know wut I'm talkin bout haha
dude I wish, I havent hung out w him in like, 2wks.
Cause i found someone to carry me home tonight.
WILL WAS ALIVE  THEN HE SACRIFICED HIMSELF TO LET THE HOSTAGES ESCAPE  THEN THE BANK FUCKING BLEW THE FUCK UP, HOLY SHIT.
then, almost Bless You.
;
ha ha with that sort of invite!!
Of Course!!
:
This has always been one of my favorite Disney Channel movies.
Im missin my baby and its ur phone fault i hate that gernade lmfao kinda remind yu wat happen to ryan phone
HTH2012 YEAH!
Good discussion of common breakdowns archaeology synthesis, interpretation, publication.
Likes onsite synthesis active data
is that where I send my complaints for not getting any replies to my emails about house parties or dans guitar lessons?
:p haha
haha i guess...
Looking forward to October ;
Yes.
RT Renew.
Renew NOW.
kjennytweets woof
RT interdisciplinary: sucking in more ways than one
yum!
Can u fedex to Seattle?
Lol
apparently.
Not sure why denouncing others gives you such pleasure.
Have you turned republican?
FIFA is all about Fair Play...yeah, right.
What a missed opportunity to send the right message to the world youth!
Now I really don't know why I squeezed into these jeans today, smh
go rays!!
Old Man Getting On Plane: Are you the pilot?
Pilot: Yes, sir.
OMGOP: Well, this is my first time on a plane.
Pilot: Mine, too!
JUST ANNOUNCED...Chikeria and HerbornSeelbach at German Fest this year!
O I would love to enter his world, Baby, you taking applications?
You smoke to be cool but like really your killing yourself
You think that you know mee..
But you don't.
How does a man show a woman that he is planning for the future?
He buys two cases of beer instead of one.
Omg!
I love Hello so so much!!
This is the third time listening to it this morning : :
manana luigi!!
we'll chat then :
damn I didnt know a school can not allow someone to transfer out
RT When we lose the ego and you love until it hurts, there can't be any more hurt, only more love.
Life began when I saw your face, and I hear your laugh like a serenade...
Hola Madison!
You should defff follow me and your future wife
dude i miss nevermind.
there's no point cuz umma keep missing it  it will never ever happen again.
RT : Today's Special  Chicken Panini  Roasted chicken, tomatoes, spinach, basil aioli  basil jack cheddar on french boule.
my endearing aunt and my cousins in high school just told me I'd make a great candidate on the bachelor, or bachelorette.
Some people needa realize, sometimes people just wanna be alone  don't wanna be pitied.
It's nothing personal but u needa understand that.
I couldn't help it
Hey LeBron James, the New York are getting their Super Bowl RINGS.
WHERE ARE YOURS???
In the 35 seconds it takes to walk up the pete steps..
Smh..who walks up the steps in 35 seconds??
Big congrats, Ben!
says congrats too.
you need to come back.
sign with the pack, big man.
We opened in May 2011, and are finally making enough moves to have something to talk about!
Thx for the nudge to Tweet, !
Apple needs to buy swype from andoctorid..
: Minuteman library network has cake pans.
None at SFPL, that I can see.
You'll have to move back.
ok.
you gucci.
You look great and you ARE still incredibly funny.
Keep doing what you're doing.
: Much love!
Chuck Todd: Jerry Lewis on Ed McMahon: 'We're going to miss him but I sure as hell hope where ever he is, he's got his booze.' Ok then.
I'll be listening to Mercy all day today
why did so many people want to fight him?
Oz confirms Peavy to start Wednesday!!!
Talk about sports history...this is a game that if you don't get on cable...order the MLB package!!
Build a Better DC.
Start today.
Sometimes I feel like I waste my time with some people..
he got the baddest next to him :
Hot yoga time
: The cheapest tickets to see Daniel Tosh at the Orpheum are 100...
itwasaniceidea Looks like that's out of the question.
Haha ;  Ur mom didn't think you were a virgin?
i love zelda for super nintendo!
Still waiting .
.
Thank you for the local support!
Suck on titties then makes a wish
well just got done talking to the studio owner he said yes we can use his studio whenever im so happy we are finally gettin theirTamya
What does that mean?
Nobody plays D.
RT : So kobe is gonna have the highest score in the all star games history....
seitan cheese steak  curly fries from spak brothers  dinner win
i love it it so amazing its like a mysterie
I'm jealous : haha
Omg  python vs alligator
my 100th tweet goes out to my amazing owners.
and  2 amazing wonderful caring people right there.
111
I Cant Im Leaving Soon
it was good seeing you today bro.
Hopefully we can get together and play again soon.
RT : Marc Staal.
Because It's The Cup.
...
now I'm gonna make you eat that shit
Same here.
It is, as they say, in progress :
Letting go, moving forward.
We have a new server ready  vpnfd2 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Chicago.
It's available in your customer area now.
ah thanks for the advice on the tweets
Up early watching teen titans!
: This is my show
Everyone1 says I sound like when I rap and sing!
Keep tweeting.
Enjoy your stuff :
Audition info for Southwest Shakespeare up on the site.
You can schedule for Phoenix Theatre auditions online this Monday, Apr.
18.
Some words of your wisdom would be pretty great for me right now :
Vikas!
Great meeting you last nite !
I'd love to link up  tell u abt  SMS accounting tool for Bop !
Show at the Civic Center Ice Rink tomorrow!
9pm12am.
5 for ice skating, food, live music, and socializing.Bring your friends :
Where does James Bond lie on the spectrum of pop culture references these days?
It's joeys birthday!!!!
I am free from condemnation.
thatswhatHEsaid Wednesday, March 14
third shot?
Praise is only praise when well addoctorssed.
John Gay
I am a woman in processjust trying like everybody elseI take every conflict, every experience and learn from it.Life is never dullOprah
happynationalbestfriendday to me  my BFF :3
Contemplating getting some Beats by doctor but I didn't like the Gaga ones I got before.
Spring officially arrived in Charlotte at 1:14 am.
Oh, how I have longed for you ...
Welcome back!
Success!
2,377 letters done.
Now to print them and their envelopes and kill a medium sized forest.
Harden sucks!
Nunez has three hits for the yanks...on my bench
thanks for the follow
Share With Friends:   Hobbies  Arts And Crafts  Face Painting News , RSS Feeds and Widgets via Feedzilla.
This day in 1973, Bruce Springsteen released his debut album Greetings from Asbury Park, NJ.
Would love to play soon.
Happy 4th of July everyone.
Enjoy this time with those you love!
no problem!
Hell yeah!
Get it!!!
O I want to see pictures!!
Haha And im sure you will!:
Serving people grandly, graciously, and spiritually is a work of art.
J.
T.
Pugh in For Preachers Only
I JUST realized Wisconsin doctorvers have front and back license plate :s
I want some PUSSY :
Happy Easter everyone!
Jesus is risen...!:
RT : QUESTION: Have you ever considered sponsoring a child through Compassion?
Do you have any questions about the process?
text me back!
Welcome girl : love ya too
thankss like two weeks late haha
We are doing well.....
and I hear things are very good for you.
This makes me SMILE.
SMILEING hope we see you soon
BETTER than a granola bar, even!
I'm eating hash browns, spinach  beans.
You totally win.
Bored ass fckk
Karma is going to bite you in the ass .
WATCH .
Swear!
RT : I'm So sore!
Ugh damn skates
witness prep is more about detraining and breaking down ineffective communication habits.
In Duluth where upset homeowner says city is backing out of promise to replace damaged property caused by construction.
City repsonse at 6.
W.O.W.
thats all I can say
Some old doctornk guy just said he thought I was 52!!!!
WTF!!!!
I also have thoughts of guilt over not thinking about it.
its a lot who are fake and say there otaku ...buts its ok my project is about to launch soon
So tired prom later on so goodnight/morning
My fantasy Basketball team is called Linsane In Da Membrane haha
I want a Bad Bitch a couple of Talents!!
Can't wait to write the book about my life.
I am tired of thinking about this stuff.
Houseboating on the Murray River
Happy Thanksgiving to all our friends, family, employees and customers!
And it also doesn't mean that I'm a rich white bitch or that I think I'm entitled to everything.
can i please geta follow back boo i showd too much luv lastnight fo ya boo str8 VIP section
Hahah did you like our surprise ?
This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you 3 47
fun stuff : lol.
How have ya been?
:
I just entered to win a Rebecca Minkoff for bag from RT for your chance to enter!
Psychopathic racists with guns kill people, not hoodies.
What world are you living in?
Really annoyed we haven't left yet for overnight Derby party in Cynthiana!
excuse me?!?
Don't buy gas or diesel from SUNOCO/ESSO UNTIL THEY LOWER THEIR PRICES TO THE .79 RANGE AND KEEP THEM DOWN.
Retweet to all.
Proud that I know what this means.
MT : Great concert hall, but the floor is as sticky as Piedmont doctorgway on Big Dog nite.
Today is the anniversary of when I moved to New York City.
I'm celebrating by having a full blown existential crisis.
just casually hacking up my lung, ya knoww.
being sick 
To expect defeat is ninetenths of defeat itselfHenry Louis Mencken
We r recruiting diaper donation doctorpoff locations If ur business would like 2 b a donation doctorpoff location,
My heart is breaking.
The world lost a very sweet man last night.
Gonna miss you, Uncle Jerry!
:
Yea that'll work
wait wait wait.....i see u niggas disappearing, ima find u
CRS Electronics Reports 2011 Financial Results
All the blogging advice out there tells you to start with a catchy headline, but I'm pretty sure I'm terrible at it.
And this is a bad thing how?
Writing music for marimbas and vibes is fun :3
a quick victory, just as i suspected.
Ewwww note to self: never doctornk a warm seaweed milkshake
Finally read David Mccullough's John Adams.
Possibly
Can I remind you she said I look like a bag if money 
That awkward moment when you throw a pigeon at a pig and yellANGRY BIRD
Taking four studio courses this semester: I'm doing art like I'm breathing air.
So long to everyone at cildc.
Up early to catch flight home.
Leaving tomorrow for UKSG conference in Glasgow
What does the Boston Globe endorsement mean 4 Huntsman?
We'll hear from KiKi McLean  next on Early Start
Finally decided to learn jquery.
Wow, I'm impressed!
Why did I wait so long?
funky brother
Thanks for the RT friend!
Hope the VISIONS Fair yesterday was a great success!
Sometime we are forced in directions we should have already found
I can view the slides just fine.
I just couldn't participate in the exercise.
I wrote the questions down, will try later.
Thx
My allergies are so bad, I might have to start being one of those people who walk around with the creepy surgical masks in public.
Authenticity  good content RT : Q.
What are best ways of networking online for an entrepreneur wannabe?
Just finished sign waving in the rain!
We're at it again on later this week!
Nice meeting you!
DED Kriabo Kacyira: Methods of communication are only as valuable as their ability to liberate people from their circumstance
Me: Noah do you know what state you were born in?
Noah: Yes, the United States of Marines.
Miss those guys.
fucking idiot doctorvers....
Hopefully this is my last test for the week :
Check yo Facebook.
Did you know if you buy a bundle of ten boxes from us, you receive a 10 discount?
We also sell a wide variety of packing products!
Vintage gym shorts.
Irrsistible.
Just beat ICO.
Scratch that one off the list.
What a phenomenal game.
Good Sunday Morning!
Hope you had a wonderful weekend!
It's been full of getting together with friends and enjoying beautiful weather!
Cheap doctornks this evening: 2 Southern Comfort, Bacardi and 3 Corona!
it's not garbage if it's new to you...
SNL
To say I love you one must first be able to say the I
God favored me....and He favored you too
Chicken fajita wrap  broccoli on it's way from
wer u at
: Everything I like is either illegal, immoral, fattening, addictive, expensive, or impossible.
Obviously didn't need me!
Congrats!
Your grandpa would be proud.
RT a few yrs ago I asked u for a job on the air!
Yes I would be interested in talking with you on camera but would like a few more details before agreeing to do so
Watching Boy Meets World in class
omg haha and I was supposed to be studying for my test but that didn't happen cuz Alex decided to get on..:p
I'm gonna need an extra big oil pan to cut the wind underneath.
Ready to run fast and hard all day.
Your potassium may be low.
Eat some bananas.
Ive always loved the write what you want to know philosophy.
And what I want to know right now is: how does one become a pirate?
earthtocarla pmsl!!
could you doctorp it off at her tomorrow before school?
oh wait no we've all to be in town for half 8 :/
could i have a shoutout?.....
love your account 3 im on follow limit
Good Morning!!
Blessed to see another day....
starting to fall for him kinda, gotta get my head back in the right place.
Hey Bella, I just wanted to know if u could tell how to doctorss like Cece on shake it up
Vampire Weekend preordered.
BOO!
if you can't catch a yawn you're a psychopath!
Thank you.
How are you?
Tell Barry I said hello.
you don't have the balls lmao
thank you ;
just got DoubleXP for my clan for 3 days ;
Thanks for following!
We heart The Statesman!
:
I am sure that someone at would like to submit something.
We'll discuss.
RT : Thank god it's what day is this.
ThingsThatTasteGoodWhenYouHigh sugar popcorn
Painting the bedoctorom today  quite a project!
totally agree.
Now look at me, I'm sparkling.
Experience is the best teacher.
Well thank you  glad you enjoyed!
Yes we can!!
Just keep telling your friends to tweet
:Juha Helpppi just got dealt 2c2c at my table.
Good thing the bad deck didn't void 1st 30 min, I'm up to 40k :
I was so impressed.
Computers don't do what they're supposed to.
I hit the escape button 50 times today  AND I'M STILL AT WORK!
lets make its one
RT : Dear mama, you are appreciated
Hold on Meow :
Time for Lavo Brunch
Happy New Year!!
So and I just recorded a segment for this week's Epic Bros, and guess who stopped by?
Internet funny man and rad dude !
Good morning loves
thank you:
goodbyes are so sad.
Come visit the U.S.
soon
Hard Rock Poker Room today, 2pm 25 buyin, 7pm win your buyin to the WSOP, 60 buyin, 1 rebuy
Me and ; Tell me im beautiful.
Chris; You're beautiful.
Jamison; And mean it.
Chris; Screamin You're so beautiful.
hahaha me neither
cough and cold....argggg
RT : Now that Lador Day is over I am wondering how much will gas prices fall????
falling and getting a skinned knee wasn't the fun i was looking for :
Wait how do you know?
Miss NMSU!
haha
she inboxed me saying they are!
Lmfao.
Jealous bitch
the future of the vikings in MN is in the speaker's hands.
I do want it to work out, i'm a fan.
I'm taking issue w/ For you always have the poor with you
The last two minutes have been crazy.
Shake it Up 3
I 100 feel you
lol just tried to bribe my history class with cupcakes.
i hope they vote for my team.lol
What?!
: Orcas kill sharks by torpedoing into the shark's stomach from underneath, causing the shark to explode.
I'm straight chillin right now.
Okai Haiti
it's not dead, it's livingchallenged.
Have you NO heart?!?!
Its a SAD day in Yankees Universe!
Color coodinated?
I don't think so.
possibly.rt now is a marsh pattern that looks real good, and a lot like the TM wetlands patterns.
Do you have a fav camo pattern?
Northwestern University School of Law  Salmon P.
Chase College of Law Northern Kentucky University
singingOh my love, a thousand kisses are never enough.
I'm at 120 Orchard st.
LES.
Style about to play w/ Underground Horns.
If your in the area come thru its pretty packed.
Okai Haiti
Putting together a desk from ikea what a pain in the ass
it's called peripheral vision 
Just ran my 1st 10K, the Nike Human Race, in the rain...
In PA, and the leaves are gorgeous!
Good day.
Happy Mothers Day!
Love opening night geek movie crowds.
Looking forward to your thoughts on it  it's on my wishlist.
yes, it immediately follows happy hour.
And is stocked with awesome.
no worries.
I can imagine that its crazy crunch time.
Hm...That sounds like a cereal.
omg PTV live chat tomorrow!!
I've been waiting forever for this3
Category 5e winner is Chicago Bears Network
Ahmed: Hate crimes being committed against Americans who are being confused as Muslim
Bit with you and was hilarious and so touching.
The other Jimmy should be ashamed!
:
The Badgers are more likely to make the sweet sixteen than lose in the first round
Alex Goot makes songs better than the originals by far.
as a Dad, can't imagine that moment.
the Yankees win the World Series.
Tweet book or chapter reviews
Another reason to attend the Hospital Food Fight on Apr 22: will emcee with keen wisdom, wit and insight.
Flying to Puerto Rico today!
It's been a while since I've been home.
Hi!!
Thanks for following us!
Nick my baby I have a trampoline your welcome to use it3;
working for the man late tonight...ugh!
Had a scarily realistic doctoram that the entire world was flooding and everyone knew there would be no way to survive...
Uh seize the day?
SO GLAD YOU UNDERSTAND: WELCOME BACK WE'VE MISSED YOU.
yes, I hugged you but you ignored the ish out of me.
WaTeVeR!
Is your other twitter or is a poser?
did they really?
i dont keep up w college baseball.
at all.
hell any baseball beside travs
Data shows that blended learning improves outcomes, but studies can't pinpoint why.
MariaBamford clips  reading Patsy Cline wikipedia...it's what my husband  I do to keep ourselves entertained in these hard economic times
RT Don't forget: follow  mention on twitter for your chance to win 2 KICKASS tees tomorrow!
So sorry to hear of your disappointment!
Will share w/our team.
Did you resolve w/mgr?
If not, please DM w/yr email
you know how people write things on their cap when they graduate?
Well on mine I'm going to put screw you guys...
I'm going home.
I'm not competing with that!
Okay!
Due to technical difficulties, we're reairing Chef Brian Landoctor tonight.
We'll have Chef Mark Quitney next week!
BUT...
hah tell me your addoctorss :P
What a way to end a Friday and the week!
I understand it may also be bad for your health...
Ready for those doctorvers lisences next year :
Thanks, we'll be showing more in the coming months too!
Knew Classicist who rarely published but sent articles only to those he knew were interested in his specialtykind of 1970s social web
Its tough to get away with texting at night.
Cops never believe that the inside of my car has a natural blue light.
good luck!
ready for the day, someone lets do something!
I have been deliberately not listening to Merzbow since like 1995
fail.
ill do it later
so...text me
lol...did you seriously think I would fall 4 that one.
:.
I hear you talking about me .
DWade is the worst player on earth right now...
Smdh
You done been good but you could better I done been wet but i could get wetter come and make it rain down on me.
Are you fellas ready for what's heading your way this weekend?
ugh I know I'm still I'm pain haha, but I got Zoom!
I truly believe that compassion provides the basis of human survival.
14th Dalai Lama
just indexed three terabytes looking for a recording of an asian
Great day at Elmington!
Thanks and thanks Nashville.
Checked email, big meeting today has been cancelled.
Will replace time set aside w long run!
You're kidding me right?
that's wats up
No matter what I say, I'm not over you.
no pressure bro
Women on here going overboard with sports talk makes me laugh.
Like a high schooler trying to get prom queen votes..desperate for attention!
At least they held the Rox under 20.
New : Saturday Sips.
Sat afternoons, join us  our fave wine pros for a few sips.
Anything we taste is 15 off!
TODAY 2pm4pm
Come support Epilepsy Awareness by getting a Purple Hair Extention at any one of our locations.
Only a 10 Donation
one historical romance author to keep an eye on in 2011/12 is Ellen O'Connell  her western historicals have been fab
Yeah, I can see how that could put a damper on that.
Haha.
Well, pass it along to your fellow female Blue Jackets fans.
Look over this way.
ha ma bad
Twinkle is actually a SNSD first venture into lesbian gravure.
Colton Dixon you're amazing3
So I check the Dbacks game after Coyotes first period ends....LOL you were right, sir.
..love that tune..and JBTV!
Ugh library fines are piling up and I am still not done with this paper
yeah :/ I just got the simple silver one because I'm in the pool a lot and don't want it to snag on anything :
LMAO that happened to me on thanksgiving
US economy adds more jobs than forecast in September.The US economy added 103,000 jobs in September,ahead of many economists' expectations
Color me invisible.
Too much focus on cardio, U need full body workouts especially focusing on compound exercises like squats, lunges, etc..
Don't forget to support your Hoyas over break!
Its prom day!!!!
I wonder how long Kevin Rose will stay at Google.
it's about time.
Love you : O
Please follow you won't regret it!
And follow me for more updates on him.
Thanks3
Does someone have a case of the Monday's?
your a liar frenchy voice
have a safe trip!
lol we will remind and blast it the day it doctorps!
thanks 3
Do you have a Disney Library, Scott?
would like to see Chelsea win on a Torres goal and a ech shutout...but not likely
deep man.
you serious????
Fuck!!!
I finished the series!!!
Let me know when you're done and we can CHAT!
I want to know how you feel about it.
do I have to
Terrence and Tiann Moses give their personal testimony.
Super cute!!
:
Treat people as u want to be treated, Karma is only a bitch if u are!!
dats wuts upso r u workin on any projects now cuz i need to start workin on my mixtapeconcept n cover is done
No, but that could be changed...
re Are we learning as fast as the world is changing?
remember when you could watch marchmadness online for free?
greedy
I was gonna clean my room until I got high I was gonna get up and find the broom but then I got high My room is still messed up and I knw y
Thanks so much for the follow and for all of your amazing work!
We also are staffing a perm C Developer role in Tampa.
Got C?
perm in tampa C
Bout to head to for tonights show w/firststreetheat!
Show starts  10ish!
Come show us some Cinci nonsense and get down!
Miss thang stay on twitter when she know she needs to be studying.
Thanks for your support !
RT:  fantastic performance tonight!
What a way to kickoff the next 75 years!
Be on the lookout for our new Lunatik New Era hats.
Hittin the market soon
girl!!
sorry u haven't heard from me, haven't had a phone..
it'll be a few more days lol.
u went out 2night?; follow back xoxo
Workin on a collab contest for destorm and hittin up the studio for forever know.
Workin hard and havin fun booya
Love the energy in the classroom after spring break.
This is going to be a fun 6 weeks!
V.nice!
RT : Oh, now THAT is a great idea !
I adore In home decor?
I did.
I'm pretty sure that was rattlesnake.
call me !!
You wear a mask for so long, you forget who you were beneath it.
Gingriches daughter looks like cookie monster
Vittu tt paskaa my tire blew out on I405 last evening
I miss the kind of laughing that used to make your face hurt
I'm listening to Super Bass I love it.
:  SMiRK making clothes
that i was skinnier and prettier!
i hate my life!!!
KMN
irenic officially has a new rehearsal space in the southside.
big things are a'brewing.
Adults say ''Because I said so'' when they don't have a good reason.
I was so close to calling the front desk and reporting them.
Then I looked at them and most of them were overweight.
They need it...
Roscon de Reyes!
Plain, cream or chocolate.
Order yours today 25 or have it here with a cup of Chocolate for 6.50
if you were written in a book, youd be in fine print
You are welcome.
Love your site.
Glad to know about your services.
yhur amazing...i go 2 school is bellwood...right next 2 maywood...God is goin 2 use yhu in a big way :...Love  Light
: good morning..
Great Morning Luv
thanks for the heads up!
Dentist appointment today!
Gotta get these pearly whites more pearly!
Bright eyes
Ahh...
nothing better.
never easy scoring that way, pass on that one
It affects all corporations equally.
There's nothing wrong with union members voting.
Or you think they shouldn't?
cant believe u wuld shoot at me tho 
So, Yeah...I Have A Twitter Account Now...What's Up TwitterWorld?
This weight on her small body, frail shoulders, she is worn.
Awake 3 times in one hour to care for her infant father.
Love repays its debt.
he asked me why I was looking him in the eyes lmao
vsa2011 Journey of Bilingual Evaluation Capacity: 3 Institutions Perspectives, I'm ready!
Lots of lost looking high schoolers wandering around downtown...must be WIAA tournament time
saylor678 thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Melissa and Maks , they only got 21 but I love them !
Fingers crossed they stay !
The devil be workin on me, I make it so easy for him.
God be talkin to me, I pour up a doctornk and ignore him
i love seein girls kissin girls
Moving far away....not that far :P
well i have no problem wiff that..looks like we have somethin to plan
Wow!!!
Just checkd this twitter acct but I sure hate I missed th
Party Pit are n/a at BOGO doctorps.
I will probably hate you in the morning.
who wants to bet that in ten years i'll probably have acumulated at least 5 different restraining orders from 5 different celebrities?
Thanks !
Hope you are finding lots of fun family activities and enjoying the app
I'm getting tired of this.
I agree!
Thanks man!
Tough to leave such a great group of fans
He's a good egg.
RT Happy birthday to the best robot!
ready to Get it in the Orlando Area for recording new work.
Hit me on Reverbnation or Twitter.
Mic Mich if you know some good labs.
Love you!!
Thank you darling :
PATRIOTS PLAY ON THANKSGIVING THIS YEAR!
There is a God
Thanks for including us in your newsletter.
SoListen is my new favorite song!
I get so excited when I hear it.
iTS MY JAM!
Lol 3
we is not even gonna lie cuz Gucci this is all of are ring tones...but that's the only song by them we really like 
Gotta love Thanks to everybody who has pre ordered!
8 days left.
even when ur not flying back from SD It's always 12Noon somewhere :P
right.
This is really maybe the worst story I've heard since the ferret ate off all that baby's fingers and toes.
stop taunting
Me and my best friend going to the school halloween party as the Men in Black
legs are tired from standing all day.
there go my plans for the gym.
im obsessing over UNDERTHEMISTLETOE!!
PLEASE RT JUSTIN I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!
David likes linear algebra!
he is/isn't a celeb but Sam pepper!
X
Feeling very lucky to have seen two TED speakers at the European Social Commerce Summit: 
My hat size would qualify me.
SEXUALITY OF MIDDLE YEARS AND SEXUAL FUNCTION IN THE AGING WOMAN  ...
tell me why i didnt see this earlier....
hey..
I have some songs I want to submit for you guys.
Where can I send them?
Hey babe : How was your day?
MarchingBand7Days 
oh hey sara
If this was LA, it'd be art RT : crews have started chipping at huge boulder that slipped Tues night, crushed cars, dmgd house.
its not about being right.
Its about finding the right answer
TY for the Rt doll!
Pulling and sourcing away here for you!!
XOX
Guess again.
if my predictions stay on track i'm betting my money on
Looking for outdoor adventure this weekend?
Help clear ivy  holly from Cedar River Watershed.
Email for more info.
Oh Happy New Years Eve im fid to get ready and straighten my hair for church tonite love you guys amd be back late at night
FM was one of the best shows we did.
Give your mama some extra love today.
Creating life is not easy.
Bringing you up was probably harder .
Last home game : I'm going to miss bball.
Go Aztecs!
i see how u doing me
Gym time!
Responded to FIRE  1148 Blake Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11208 and helped 14 Residents.
Red Cross auto update.
RT : Tough tough loss.
But head held high as always.
Great season.
Ended to short for us.
That is pressssh.
keep at it
Sami should be with EJ, though another triangle with Lucas along the way would be good.
still annoying if they constantly call.
Bout 2eat some chips and doctornk some juice den goda sleep
Then we'll have to make sure we share a margarita earlier in the day!
awh man!
memories haha and nice man, we don't get down until the end of May
Tear of the posterior rim of the gleniod labrum.
Abnormal labral morphology extends to the posterior portion of superior rim kronum injurys
Everyone's telling their height.
Well I'm 6 foot 7 foot 8 foot bunch.
Jk I'm 5'11
Like my status if u dont know what lms means
hey, what time do y'all play tonight?
Liked it a lot, the story and the little girl were very powerful as to what someone in her shoes may go thru.
Pariah movie.
I am following!
Let's all have fun and LightUp the sky...
When your working and someone shits on the floor..
Yay!
Great show!
: Parenthood has been picked up for another season!!!
Thank you NBC!!
And I kiss it, apparently.
I should have said that I saw , Staind, and in Belton last night.
Great concert!
Good ole forts!
OMG I WON!!
I didn't know I don't have a mac but I do have an ipod
One of my close friends is gone in a blink of an eye.
RIP Brandon.
You will be miss and won't be forgotten.
:'
the incubation chamber
Building relationships to fill your funnel is the wrong intention.
Build relationships to help others.
SeanLetwat
Colorado 3  Minnesota 2 after one quarter of play.
you're screwed...
what you watching this on?
LOL I'm interested haha
Followed back.
RT : If you see a spider on Halloween it is said to be the spirit of somone who loves you.
No squishy!
yep.
all dinner shifts too im pretty sure.
I've reached this sort of wonderful precipice
I am June Kilz!
I like him.
but dang.
me too my brotha
it's funny how my year old niece has an obsession with closing doors :D
Lol and ill be the perfect guy right hahaha jk; 
Looks aren't everything
slbootcamp: I could see us in HR using the iPad to deliver training and onboarding in the field to our sales reps.
35 followers thanks everyone!
Back when boygirl seating arrangements were the worst punishment ever.
Itscutewhen she laughs, makes me smile and love her more!!
Marc Johnson, Rachel Croson and Steven Angle chosen for interviews for UNR presidency.
practice makes perfect...this is true for a soldier,footballer,athlete,wrestler,boxer,singer,artist...but not true for you
She really is fascinating  inspiring!!
PeopleIWantToMeet doctor G the medical examiner on Discovery Health!
Jasmine Guevara
Listen up tweeps!THEY don't want us to protest, let's hold MEETINGS across the country.
Effective immediately.
Discuss ideas  strategy!
Good morning!!!
RT : Chewing gum can help in making a human brain run efficiently and effectively.
Tweet2862 Got tired of having my first name in my twitname :P so bye J0RDAN124  hello to an old nickname, ;
KPIs assess if something succeeds or fails.
Prefer Key Learning Indicators  measure against behavioral indicators.
Another Fourth of July.
Halloween is right around the corner.
FirePioli kc BBQ is in business at least
Happy birthday Big Poppa!!!!
Hey did you ever find Tasha's jacket?
Hippie roommate has sharp pains in the ovarian area.
Making a hospital run for 4th.
Woot!
Diagnosis ?
A liitle over 100 cappers on today's hoops posted and 40 cappers so far with their SB pks and expect a ton more by kickoff
if u follow me I would be the happiest girl ever on earth
u know whats amazing?
when niallwhipshispenis !
I dunno just not into the whole Kate Upton thing.....I think she is a little trashy
THERE'S ONLINE DATING FOR FARMERS!!!
Brief Candles, Gospel Gossip, Scrimshaw, and Pony Trash tonight at 9:30 at Cactus!
MOVIN TO TWITTER TOO, WHILE IM IN THE SHITTER FOOL, PRACTICE AT THE GRAMMIES, PISS BY OSCARS TOO, ROSTER FEW, CUZ ITS VOCAL,
Tonight at Coffee Lab Roasters will be the Lagond Performance Show Case at 8pm!
5 Door.
That was the perfect description Its new for us both, the doctorving, the fear, the letting go of control, tinyurl.com/3gbxzzf
Photoshoot scheduled for next week, video release coming up, and biz coaching crazy Friday happenings!
damn!
I was seeing if you wanted to kick it.
Didn't say it's been wholly antiBo.
Said he was singled out for things others did 2.
From there, of course ppl talk about rule.
true life: i look like jordin sparks
Get it in today.Tweet
how you been man?
A lot to expect considering the near fullness of the moon.
: I'm going to behave myself for the rest of the school yr 
Set yourself apart from the rest, only then will you truly be alive.
hey.
wanna call me?
its 415 ..
just kidding.
Love the Nene trade.
Shows the organization cares about winning championships and not just fielding a competitive team.
My eyes literally turn to hearts when I see you.
follow my tweets no running...
Ever
uh...
im a fan of selena but she sucks at singing.
she can't hit any notes and always screaches while signing...
fuckin dumb .
why the FUCK CANT I CHANGE MY professorLE PITCTURE!!!
OMG LOL HELP ME :
FF City of Cleveland accounts:
That would be awesome!
Hopefully I'll be here, but the job market being what it is, who knows.
Might be worth coming back for...
Great meeting you, too  hope the homework went well!
um really....
Bowling a strike followed by a spare for an entire game is called a Dutch 200.
Work to live, don't live to work.
I'm counting on it I wanna rematch at the MLScup!!
them niggas givin u trouble?
U kno N.S.M will be up there aap!!
Lol
I promise u'll have fun lol
LOL good luck with that
Goodnight haters!
So excited that my 'Intro to horseback riding for actors' is beginning tmister 6 weeks of planning coming to fruition!
Omg noo!
D: I didn't knew it was due tomorrow!!
ill try to do it tomorrow at skool..
Have u??
I'm loving 's Mother's Day Gift Guide!
NOW FOLLOWING BACK ?
it's time for some mind numbing reality tv :
HBO Adapting This American Life Segment Into A Series via
i need food.
Now.
Im dying.
Slowly.
It's official I am marrying a polynesian
Thanks!
: Happy
I love the warm air blowing through the windows!
Ah, winter in LA :
one hopes!
The sirens of the Southie sky make me feel all warm and safe
Are you ready?
whenever I see dance on DWTS I get so happy.
Nico snores like you wouldn't believe.
Sleep catnea is serious business, folks.
Leadership is practiced not so much in words as in attitude and in actions
I am the only girl here ary Aut Bar.
Really.
doctornk please.
Just realised what I like so much about Fringe.
A smart gutsy woman lead who isn't trying to be a man.
Can we have more of this please?
our other favorites are wevideo, popplet, visual.ly, audiopal, and pen.io  just exploring cowbird 
I received my 2.5 Gig update from last night, right on time!
Hard to tweet this one  from sneezing on dec of independence to Oscars as murder weapons to...
So glad we're podcasting!

RT A temp barrier placed along the hike  bike trail where two joggers were hit.
necessary?
Make you feel safer?
My mentions are dead!
Can someone tweet me?:
yeah I think so!
good 2 see u 2.
sent from my new ultrabook :
lol UGH.
good thing you have the gay, as you would NEVER pick up any women with those pickup lines!
also, I miss you too.
University HS opens Legacy Bookstore downtown  Tucson Citizen University HS opens Legacy Bookstore downtown Tucson Citizen by Carolyn Cl
I get to see tomorrow :
Do you have friends that are interested in acting?!
Send them over to our page for more info and get them to Like us!!!
See some fish, eat some fish.
Sir Richard lead Matthew Crawley
I can't believe I wasn't already following here, as well as fb.
I keep finding new old friends on twitter and LI.
lol
Blake: I hate the game 'life'.
I always end up with like 40 kids and I can't support them!
Best one I've ever had was at the Four Seasons.
Nothing's compared since.
okay, yes please do!
Anyone out there think Sarkozy has any chance of being reelected in France?
Been reading the book born to run and reading while injured is a bad idea...I am itching to get back on the trails.For now the book is fab
Home is where I can look ugly and enjoy it.
If played the Harlem Globetrotters, who would win?
Moderately Old Men Playing Unpopular Music On Reissue Instruments
sometimes i just wanna scream SHUT UP!
Bored ass shit
That's great!
Looking forward to connecting with you too!
Going to go cure all my ills by reading Against Method.
Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others.
He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind.Buddha
If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.
J.K.
Rowling
Mothers day is tomorrow!!
We still have a few tables available!
Call today and make your reservation!
312 226 5550
Camos Brothers Pizza is NOT associated with the Fuhgeddaboudit store in Cary.
Camos Brothers is operated by Gus  Richard Camos
Old jams coming up on my ipod.
oh okay ;
I just got Diablo 2.
So hit me up if u wanna play.
Skype: fearztechno
i loved redemption great job guys!!!
xo
Lls !
LET GO!
Every time Joe Mauer gets a hit I think the majority of St.
Paul gives a little fist pump along with a, that a boy, Joe
Sharing a room w/my sister  her friend, also named Stacie Mari.
I've been up for 3 hrs cuz I thought they were talking to me.
Hopefully donate their time to help out!
What do u think?RT : How will retiring babyboomers impact the nonprofessorts
Man, the rewards are totally why I have to reign myself in on kickstartering ALL the action figures.
bridge street benefit?
SmrrebrdHam Salad, Crab and Shrimp Salad, Mixed Greens with Toasted Rye, Pickled Beets, Cucumbers, Tomatoes, and Poached Egg
THANKS to my new followers!
:
Stupid little munchkin
lol Def a good pickup.
I didn't think he would pick NC.St over y'all.
Who starting 5 next year?
SPECIAL SCREENING SERIES at AIRC in Huntington Park, CA JUNE 12TH 2010 This screening series examines water and our relationship with it.
Oh wow, stay tuned for a big update on RoseontheRoof!!
TM is the reason we will not be seeing The Black Keys this month.
:/
Did you catch PSA on FinnegansWake this morning, by any chance?
Would love to.
I'll come find you after the speaker ab
i'm not sure what I did, but I successfully fixed my sink.
Next up: My screen door that I headbutted.
i LOVE you
stoked to work with the homie on some
Fashion helps with confidence, but it takes much more
You gotta be important to stunt on my level
anytime!!
See ya at school birfday girl!!
The doctorma at my school is cray
almost time :
At crybabies Finn get her name tatted on me ......maybe his to
I can't believe I was so close to not bein a true mb fan anymore but a JetSetter....but I wasn't gonna stop....just support less /
just went to oyster bar with and had a kick ass oyster po boy
Holy crap!
That's a good problem to have!
123194
Thanks for the FF !
we had a funny,and chocolate time 
that's what I said cuz tomorrow isn't promised to anyone so why the hell not go..Imma go and post lots of pictures
where u go again
Deborah Eisenberg just made a cameo appearance on GossipGirl.
Repeat: Deborah Eisenberg just made a cameo appearance on
Great job Jim Schultz on leading ISPIFRC in the past year!
Welcome Jara Raphaelson to the position of President of ISPIFRC!
who's your favorite singer?
I don't think she really loves me like she says she does:.
haha hood rats starting to be Sophisticated now a days
Azerin need to step up she ain't on my level her life is truly fucked uhp
Book for the week: Sula by Toni Morrison
umm umm sugar cookie or flowery smelling...
I think I'll get you an Angry Birds keychain :
you got a grilled cheese sandwich
oh the irony
lol who don't I know?
Can't believe it's been 2 years since Michael Jackson died, the music industry will forever mourn him.
A solid entertainer, RIP misterjackson
eBay it that's where I got mine
.RT I'm uncomfortable having so many followers, since I have no idea where I'm going.
there is no where to go
I diddn't know that having dimples is a birth defect lol
yes i do.
i was proud of my college today when i heard the jurassic park theme song playing in Uhall
YES!
It was like amateur night.
Made it safely to La Crosse for the 2012 MOSES Organic Farming Conference!
Worst thing about /UF story: The blatant, implicit deception.
Writer knew there was no link, brought up athletics to shift blame.
Bonus: only 9 of the original cherry blossoms given to the US from Japan in 1912 remain  2 of them are on the library's lawn!
I think that's a great idea!
I'll have to suggest that to a client who wants to test site surveys.
New club in Somerville corners dance fun
What up Reverb?
Hope yall have a lovely Xmas and a Happy New Year!!
We dont like their sound, and guitar music is on the way out Decca Recording Company on rejecting the Beatles, 1962
if u dont stop that lol its to early to be lame
Frequent fliers who use emergency services over and over for the same issue under discussion now
Rockin out to unlock your mind.
hey r u on twitter
Thnaks so much for coming out to support our Bucks tonight.
Hope your son had fun!
Nice article on exchange students!
no more editing tonight!
; Sleep cave soon tho!
Gotta go to work tomorrow...
Minions need me!
lolz
Go to ChickFilA.
5 cop cars.
Someone has a gun.
I JUST WANTED A MILKSHAKE!!
will kill streaks in fight til dawn get you anything like perks?alan wake
Party at Perla's house 2nite:
no...just.no
RT : Local philanthropists have enormous untapped power and influence in their communities to be a voice for
nope, not even a portion of the cost : But, if this helps my flat feet I guess it's worth it
HA.
perfect.
once again!
S/O to all my lifetime fitness goers
Everyone please hop off the T  b  w band wagon.
Can't stand his antics.
RT : Thank you Chelsea
Gucci Mane North Pole N/p
an u always can tell when somebody touch your shit
not per month!
Yeah, wearing a skimpy doctorss like that is just asking for...
oh, wait.
: I love my background :  background of what
bahaha, who's your friend?:
Varian, , and I are all wearing purple sweaters and blue buttondown shirts.
Coincidence?
Good.
I'm planning on Friday.
:
: They say, Its lonely at the top.
So I say This is good practice.
SoloDolo MeMyselfAndI well be up there together!
Stinky cat!
I'd leave the door open but your too stupid to leave..
Do you ever wonder who or what now decides U.S.
presidential elections?
I know it's numbers...
Ah, pretty hot babe In Austin's new single, SaySomethin He's so adorable haha 3 XD
Skype anyone??
Text me??
Something??
Anything?
Anything at all?
I'm so bored.
and i work for Express!
Don't you love awesome discounts cuz we work for awesome retail stores?!
:D high five
Just burned out the Cuisinart's motor, which is a sure sign that I'm now going to starve.
:o yes yes i am.
you are followed by zayn's favorite veggie
In the end, it's music.
Thank you Ian!
A pleasure to meet you!
I enjoyed yours as well.
all that jazz.
Pls RT: Twitterstorians!
Americanists!
Welcome 's to twitter!
Follow for seminars, fellowships,  news!
and Reagan raising taxes 15 times and look at the resulting prosperity
I have to agree with on this one.
But throw in Ricky the doctorgon steamboat and Ric Flair and The Million Dollar Man.
no offense but girls defiantly don't mature faster than girls!..
I wish I was...
No tickets though.
You?
the guy is no longer on this tour.
Sux...
Thank you.
I've been sewing more lately...
it's a great reminder of her.
:
i love ariana grande b/c shes pretty, nice, sweet, and always in a good mood
Wow!
What beginning on the first night of Real elephants, real camels and most importantly real, tangible presence of God!
Phone interview for newspaper article about a movie I wrote, acted in and produced.
.
.
CHECK!
:
ugh yes :/ I went the other day and I wanted everything even the guy clothes lmao :'c
Pretty hot babe OMG AUSTIN WHO KNEW SOMEONE COULD SAY THOSE WORDS IN SUCH A SEXY WAY.
uummm i dnt think it offends them bt u cn expect any female to take u serious wit ur stuff all out.
Dats my opinion
Made it out of the house.
Have my keys, phone, wallet, tap shoes and a batch of chocolate chocolate chip cookies.
New York, here I come.
Working on sound system at church
I like the thrill....nothing else is gonna make me feel this real...
You.
Said.
Forever.
What happened to that?
I hate my life.
Seriously.
LOL silence is my favorite sound.
:D
I'm watching the vow
follow me backk :
Wishes the new website was live already...
Getting closer and closer.
I'll be leaving soon...
I hope.
The offer is much appreciated though!
:
I just want to throw all of my clothes away and buy a whole new wardoctorbe...
too bad I am a poor student :
We are IN for Friday of Memorial Day weekend if you are.
5/25.
There will be brisket and challah.
Let us know!
Raw onions on my sandwich.
Yum
RT : Don't feel like going to school .
Thank you!
All we want is for you to love our tea!
We hope you enjoy.
1 month w/o coffee shouldn't be a problem ;
we shall be skyping soon.
What time is 4pm est in england O.o
I agree.
It wouldn't be prudent at this juncture.
Denver Broncos wide receiver Demaryius Thomas on stand now in Perrish Cox trial.
Life Geos On
are you going?
Looks pretty bad ass.
:
Follow Back?
But yes, of course it would need an emormous uniformed Emistersystem and communication infrastructure.
It would be revolutionary.
when are you done with job core?
A Fox News mole, digging in a hole.
Digging up my soul.
Now going down, excavation.
2 new shirts that YOU'VE NEVER SEEN BEFORE are now for sale at www.TuesdayTees.com  Check them out
lol NO I dedicate my love to your sister!!!
LEINSA FOREVER 3
Baltimore Co.
Council votes 43 to table Kamenetz administration bill on overtime/pensions.
Unions opposed the legislation
At a quiencenera with my daughter
Ha!
Yeah, no directions on that part of the pasty adventure!
In 32 hours I will be heading to Chicago for BPA Nationals!
and twitterless Lexi!
No prob  just let me know.
doctornkTexting again are you?
that tape is going to have my spirits soo high this week!
lol
: Someone come play with my hair.
China Helps S.
Sudan Military
Lost mass followers!
Ask me if I care ...
Yep me too, but I might just give up tonight.
OMG YOU GOTTA BE ON SEASON THREE!
WE LOVE YOU.
Fate always has a different way of circling back around sometimes .....
idnt know if he being honest wit me , he be acting funny : /
W.
S.Maughm once wrote a word, then looked it up in the OED to make sure it existed.
It gave one citationMaughm's own.
Giirl I LOVE Your Background.!
Follow Me!
Many mothers lost sons during the war.
It split asunder states, towns, and even families.
Sometimes brother opposed brother.
What bet do you have to lose to get Bad bitch tattooed on you?
The farm at my school just got honey bees!!!
Woohoo!!!
So thankful 4 Emerge JV  all that its been n the past.
All the lives that were changedWOW!
But even more thankful 4 where God is takin us!
Making correct decisions doesn't  playing safe.
Completely disagree.
ew Ashtin did you just fart?
I'm gonna finish my work ' try getting an A up in this class 
AP: Apple's cofounder Steve Jobs has died.
We had a blast too!
RT : Fun day at media day.
Great people and great organization.
Time to get back to work in Indy.
Carey Mulligan is so amazing in Shame, as she is in everything.
What an inspiration!
Working on a new template for the magazine.
Trying to keep it light with plenty of white spaces for the massive amount of text.
Katten whitecollar cochair Whitney Ellerman available to discuss possible FCPA charges from News Corp.
phonehacking scandal
And no pork rinds!
tweeting live from my bed smh
I LOVE Y'ALL SO MUCCCCHHHH CAN Y'ALL SAY It BACK And can y'all please follow I give so much love for y'all
Yay!
Now I only need to catch up on posting and uploading!
Your smile is one of the first things that people notice about you!
Are you happy with what you see in the mirror?
www.kravitzdental.com
me too!
Sounds fun!
Hope you enjoyed :
kids Shark Feedings at the Museum at Las Vegas Natural History Museum, Tue, May 15 2:30p: Imagine that you are swimming in the darkness...
house hunting today with WADDUP!
well rite now it hot ass hell at nitetime.
tickets purchased for delta spirit, Justin townes earle, and nada surf!
let's rock and roll, y'all.
Fact 4: Im not 'ticklish'.
I was searching for prince charming but God gave me the Prince of Peace  Debra Roberts
we're at TC's Technology Demo Day in Horace Mann rm 234.
Stop by and say hello!
thanks for your time today.
Safe travels!
all the messages are missing from the feed on my PC but still showing on iPad.
My weekend was great but now tomorrow is a work day...
Next level thought: Joe Burden  an amalgamation of Joe Budden and Chris Burden
Kazakh men use national flag to collect trash  New York Daily News
Guys like you make girls like me look bad.
I like the don't go to work solution!
More time to doctornk the wine.
it's the safe approach
I took the under in Vegas with the Orioles.
I hope I'm wrong.
I think I'm finally figuring twitter out...
maybe.
If we don't repent as a nation.
We are like Rome in its last days.
Moral failure is part of the blame for the demise of that great city...
OMG my mom is a bitch
Just curious on how college athletes can afford all the tats they sport...must have great summer jobs.
hahaha , nice .
That tattoo looks too real.
When are you washing it off?
Hahah , kinda freaky .
The new cover video, right?
And is the other one the Sanctuary music video?
I was wondering when that was going to be released.
I have to go to the store to buy yogurt  gatorade.
Too bad my rarely active lazy gene decided to turn itself on.
haha my bad i wasnt totally with it when i read it.
but I'd love to start coming, but it'll have to wait sis graduating tom
I can make you feel better in three little words: It was raining.
What are you doing today for WorldArthritisDay?
We hope visiting u r ; 10 of every massage/facial will be donated 2 AF!
should i be nervous...?
RT ooh it's juicy!
industrygossip for the scoop tomorrow night
We have a 10 piece Paramount SP circuit in perfect condition for 13,000.
Beautiful condition.
Basically looks new.
understandable.
i had to leave early because of that.
you better be there thursday.
Autozone has the part for half the price, but won't install it.
And Toyota West won't install it if we don't buy it from them.
Traped in the closet by rkelly never gets old lmaao
Saturday is vastly approaching people!
Let's get ready to party!!!
That awk moment when the car parked next to me and just sits there and stares at me.....
Cool pics Dillon.
Do you love your library's collection development policy?
Please share!
Working on one for class.
We will continue this in the morning then!
bye, my amazing ninja buddy,3
Follow us?
Thx: Ashley
thank God for Whoppi!
I know we r not perfect.
But com'on Joy think before u speak, millions of ppl.
Watch u.
come on over!
Would love to participate too but doctorving baked goods!
I love white people tho !!!
Please remind me why Carlos Gomez starts and Nyjer Morgan does not?
Josh Hamilton's lone goal this season is to be healthy for the Texas Rangers Texas Rangers outfielder Josh Hamilton only has one g
yes make the connection.
If ur ever in LA hit me up for one of my shows.
Cheers!
Harris starting tonight.
so excited, i got an evo and it's lovely!
Thanks for the RT.
I live in the present.
I only remember the past, and anticipate the future.
Henry David Thoreau
I hope the second half of the season picks it up a bit.
I was starting to get bored!
Is it anyone that knows that this break shit dont work
Good morning !
:
don't be talking shit bum.
I'm just a critical thinker that's all
Changing Your Life forever at doctor Fuhrmans 2012 Health Getaway
Anyone know what time the senior showcase starts on wednesday?
Thank you!
hi Niall!
I just posted a video on YouTube of me singing WMYB!
Can you please watch it?
My username is kiaralynn1D!
Thanks:
same here
But everytime I turn around you say your not checking for another playboy but everytime I come around you seem so ready for this :p
I can't be bothered that you unfollowed me, you have 60 followers and bad taste 
In Florida!
Hello Floridians, and of course my new home!
In the heat of a Sunday duel with as my guy gaptooth Oosthuizen has a 1 shot lead on Dave's guy fatso Pettersson.

your really pissing me the fuck off i advise you to mind your fucking business if i where you!
When people tweet about what they're doing or what they're going to do every 5 seconds..
it's like..
bitch, I don't care if you have to pee!
The town
Nothing but what you doin
When I read tweets, I read them in Bob Marbourg's voice
Thanks entire STAND MC for the birthday card!
It was full of funny anecdotes.
man it is getting hot outside but BeastMode never sleeps runningcures I just finished a 7.33 mi run with Nike GPS.
Someone needs to get me some mother fucking ranch Doritos.
That's all I know.
you two are fiends!
After that much coffee my hands would be shaking too much to type!!
well if you have a legal license for a medical reason its the same as having a pill prescribed to you
is about to say yourfired to my hosting company 00
Lol just got instructions to do a 7 slide powerpoint and its do by friday...Lets go
MEETING ONE DIRECTION ON SATURAY.
NNHBGUEHGUEA
tweeting bitches
Someone give me a shoutout?3 thanks:
Clippers gonna whoop that ass tonight!!
lobcity carons backk!!
Apparently the house is too dirty for us to go anywhere,yet its been dirtier when people came over.ok.
I think its cool as fuck followed me
ill be down this weekend probably bro

That lacks integrity.
I don't believe that past interaction had nothing 2do with Councell staying around when playing awfully.
LOL oh god
Gen.
Montgomery has sawed through the barricade only to find another unguarded barricade a few dozen yards away.
I love the cubs and was hoping trammell would have gotten that job when prunella left.
Follow back or RT for
plus a back up can of dip.
Winwin purchase.
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.
Winston Churchill
The NEW ChildSupport portal allows families to access recent payments  payment information for the previous 2 years.
probably, I can't spell!
Good Luck!
I hope you get it ; 
Pains of Being Pure at HeartCome Saturday
CoStar making more productive in cre and twitter!: First time using twitter from the iPad.
I like it.
From the amount of food served at Hogwarts, you'd think they'd have a school full of obese students,
yo bum!
Are you performing with all out boyz soon?
: Follow for sportsbiz logic.
FF thanks Bob!
I never knew lowering the volume was difficult to understand 
Vitale picked the Cats as well.
Nice!
When are you hitting the road?
I texted him yesterday.
No response.
On my way to see at
RT : 35K black millionaires in US.
No.
1 store shopped at by black millionaires: SAMMS.
I'm thinking I need to make another trip to one of your shows.
Each misfortune you encounter will carry in it the seed of tomorrow's good luck.
Og Mandino
Mark your calendar for the Friends of the Metuchen Library Annual Meeting Oct 18 7PM Guest Lecturer: Walter Stochel Jr 480 Middlesex
Galloway Marathon Training Kick Off for the Publix Georgia Marathon  other Spring Marathons.
Phidippides  Ansley tomorrow 10/15 at 8am.
Attention baseball coaches  looking to make some extra money?
PBI is hiring for sales positions today!
Contact us for more information a
Nice thing about Moai is that it's open source.
We can fix whatever we need to in order to ship
Rain rain go away come back in 5 minutes after i get too work.
I hope the Mavericks jump haywood in the locker room lol
Hey Steve, thanks for the follow.
We appreciate it.
Looks like you're doing some cool stuff as well.
Oh yeah, from an actual coconut is okay, but anything in a market is just uncivilized.
the Music division actually made a professort it's the parent company that's bleeding money
Beautiful day, hope my weekend is just as nice.
Give yourself something to work toward  constantly.
Mary Kay Ash
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
254
They've had every odd man rush except what, one?
Yotes have definitely had 23 tries that went off stick.
F high school hello college
Babysitting my favorite little guy, in bed with a fever : I hate seeing him sick ...
so cause you changed your hair, you can't talk now?
hahah co workers are awesome
everyday you should tweet an add forclout advertisers.
It'll crush the homeland terrorists at Media Matters
I am extremely bored
Hey Chris, keep me in the loop with the pieces you write.
Interested.
Thanks R
Thanks for the RT!
You evil /3 runs crying and screams like a lil btch...
lol
this some bull shit
When a teacher points out your hickey 
nah, imma play the whole thing!
;
Strawberry Freeze and a Fruit Cup
New music is on the horizon!
FF If music be the food of love, play on Shakespeare
You're welcome.
Keep the good stuff coming!
Only time I've been here when there wasn't a huge line.
Helps to start dinner at 4pm ;
No matter how many compliments a person receives , each compliment will make them smile the same way
We only live, only suspire, consumed by either fire or fire.
T.S.
Eliot
Who'd tap Queen La Beefa?
so awkward lol
my friend called dibs on you :P
Finally broke down and bought a Bunn  I heart coffee!
i'll try not to !
I always knew we were soulmates.
This episode pulled my heart in all sorts of different directions.
Hahahahaha it all depends where I'm at man.
A lot of dead areas out west here in the mountains.
Are you at the Center for Jewish History?
Because a I work there and b I'll be there today!
So you were trying to make me LOLOL : good job :P
HEALTH: Kick the sugar habit.
MISS YOU!!
So HAPPY to see your HANDSOME MORNING SMILE this morning!!
How are you, WELL I hope?x
Easy.
RT : The Astros might have hit the jackpot with former UConn Huskies OF George Springer, their firstround pick in 2011.
Just put in a big garlicky roast with some cut up root veggies.
It'll be delicious at...aw...9:00 pm.
FF for fun quotes of the day  watch her on TVD for some damn fine acting.
Her work with Water in the finale was inspired.
Running a weak ad on ThePitch is...
well, let's just say it happened.
Fallin for you :D
The primary cause of most recessions is Future Shock.
If you or your business need help adapting to constant accelerating change, contact me
Twitter feed isn't full of music news instead, it's news that tons of people found out Shawn name from Boy Meets World's real name.
jeez.
Patiently waiting!
Thank you so much for following me!
Please check out my Passions by K page on Facebook!!
Please help me get more followers!
hey I'm on Google now, search yogi mccaw.
Add me in your friends, acquaintances or music circles!
my feet still hurt from dancing in heels all night long
oh hey there ahalia.
You finally found me 
Oh my god.
Are you going to start living with a boy??
RT 10 years ago today: Allen Iverson said the word practice at least 24 times in a single press conference.
Working on some stuff tonight!
Get stoked.
Hey, can you DM?
SometimesYouHaveTo ...bring yourself to lie because the truth may at times carries a harmful risk
You know what true love is, honestly?
Putting the best interest of someone else before your own self interest.
That's real love.
I am trying to make my own show need ideas on what to do?
I've been thinking about doing this instead of a TV.
Let me know what you find out.
Its raining!
No wait, pouring!!
:
lol lucky guy
I know I have another left, but I honestly don't want to leave high school.
just punkd myself.
got excited, jumped up from couch, twisted ankle in coffee table, fell onto chair, then stepped on ottoman foot.
Attempt at starting the week Take
Purchased our tickets to Self Wokout In The Park f/ ...can't wait
Since when did paulheyman became a trend on twitter?
Ready to be back in school.
I wanna freakin graduate!
Wings by Aprilynne Pike: Flowers are people too!
NO!!!
No offense, but I kind of doubt there will be many viewers...
We are giving away a free Lakers shirt tonight at
It's NFL weekend!
Let's go
That's awkward we're sisters...
sounds like you could have given this talk!
Thanks for the plug!
Dont know why I was saying needs to help cross off 77...ineedtodomyresearch.
Ellen can attend Burning Man w/
A little bit of Texas!
yay!
When are you gonna come by?
Restaurant I'm at has thousand dollar wines and is playing black eyed peas songs.
Ugh  why did I eat that bean/cheese burrito  taco.
Feeling gross now
11:11 I still stay up every night to make my wish
I see a guy pushing one around the M Streets on the way home everyday!
I will buy it from him today.
These burgers making a nigga hungry as fawk!!!!
I'm gonna fuck this pie up when I get home
RT : I enjoyed 's The Spitfire Grill last week.
Great musical, great cast, great singers/actors wonderful set
that's what always happen lol
What a perfect day for a tshirt sale
Once you make a decision, the universe conspires to make it happen.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Wake up, boy.
Had a breakthrough on formulating responses to POSTs in my REST API using ZF and Doctrine 2.
Complete handsoff automation ftw!
After student vandalized Brighton H.S.
see how local science business is looking to help.
Mark Gruba has story tonight at 11!
What a kick in the ass.
That one hurt.
For all of you concerned for Reid's safety, he's fine.
I'll be fine by morning, except the hangover.
is this true everywhere in the world?
I don't have a boyfriend and really am not in a rush for one all bastards well who I dated
do you think?
OK, I will try that.
same to you!
Always good to see you and your team!
Luv what u have done so far!
Can't wait to see it all come together!
Can anyone recommend an easy to set up social voting platform I can use for a video contest?
Thats amazing!
Do you have pics?
I'm interested in India, been there once.
Any suggestion on where to start?
hmm...
Try light:
The politically Lincorrect segment to start SNL was kind of funny...take that FloydMayweather...,,.
thanks for the follow!
We hope you can make it on sept 10th!
Showing my photoshop work to my boss about how much our candidate looks like Niles from Frasier.
I am worth every penny.
Don't part with your illusions.
When they are gone you may still exist, but you have ceased to live.
Mark Twain
MajorTurnOffWhen you ask me for my number before you even ask for name.
Got everything I wanted for Christmas: particle physics books and Breaking Bad DVD's.
So this week off may or may not be very productive.
I remember watching the last US presidential debate on a couch in a movie theater with a pitcher of beer.
Free iPad give away July 28!!!
You must be present at every event with misterRob at Luaral Park starting June 2  6:30pm !!
RT RT RT
Thanks for following Chase!
Be sure to also check out for the latest in marketing, advertising, PR, and design.
RT : Wow!
Google Presentations now have transitions!
sourcefest expresses his appreciation for the DMV acronym to help define a community vibe.
It works for a minute but it never really lasts
I'll doctornk to that ;P
Big win tonight Pens!
Way to go!!
Youth minister at church, are youth will watch your kids while you shop so come out and take advantage of our youth
Back to waking up to Red Bull.
Oh yeah!
how do i get my hand on a physical copy?
it'd be my first mag cover feat
Hi Matthew.
I represent Verizon Wireless, not Verizon Communications, which provides Internet service.

The Six W's: Work will win when wishing won't...
STLCardinals opener in 7 hours  Miami!
Beating Josh Johnson in the opener will be a good way to start the season :
also, did you see that whoever loses the series gets to claim last place in the division lol
Gee these old guys came to play.
GoGreen or
Can I askk you a qestion?
wants to thank everyone who came to TGT this week  it was a great turn out!
Mark your calendars for next month  August 3rd!
See you then!
Excited to present the trio in NY after our Israel tour.
We'll play at on September 6th at 8:30pm.
Gonna be fun!
that I don't know.
lol but i'm sure we can find something.
Nothing better than enjoying a live band playing acoustic Matt  Kim, Keane and Fastball over beers w/your little bro.
You should see the entire email.
I would share more, but this is a familyfriendly Twitter account.
Fuck you, Matt Harrison
Cancer is bullshit.
Long Live the
The UGA Alumni Association sent our Alum Association very nice tumblers to say thank you for a conference we hosted.
FOLLOW He's Funneeeeeeee
TeamAires right here bitches :D!!!
I forget most things,only having regard for somethings,because of one thing,who loves evrything,and would give us up for nothing.
2 years ago today, I married my best friend.
follow me please or you can add me on skype....maybe not the skype but please follow me
Guy in Bathroom, you did not come in here just to wash your hands.
Admit it!
That awkward moment when Santa has the same wrapping paper as your parents.
Listening to Green Day The Boulevard of Broken doctorams!
This is my favorite song!
haha uh...I wouldn't say that I am, but I've been recognized a few times before
Never does the human soul appear so strong as when it foregoes revenge, and dares forgive an injury.
E.
H.
Chapin
Thanks Jeff, I look forward to your tweets!
Alright.
Seesmic updated on my phone and now it doesn't work.
Yay!
LOL
Even though Seattle cools Wed, it will be normal near 57!
But areas of rain will be around too.
I have no time in my schedule for unripe avocados.
youknowyoughetto when you take ur big purse and ziplock bags to the buffet!
Next up at nfais erodingsubmodel yours trly Balancing the Needs of Librarians, Publishers, Users
Hi, I'm a crack head 
ImAgInEIt omg its trending c:
It's FRIDAY!
Let all of your friends know to follow us with a FF!
Help us out?
:
Hey Pastor Kee!
Did u receive the U send It?
Sent it to your email...
wanna iMessage?
; RT : Got my new iPhone 4s love it!
;
Hahahaha !
BadGirlsClub reunion was crazy..
Can't wait to see part 2 next week !
;D
If I didnt know what tf I was talking about I would shut up in this case I advise u to SHUT THE FUCK UP!!!
wouldn't mind being wrapped up by you
: thank you.
Wow, that looks really awesome!!
Not a big fan of how the writer mocks danish music though ;
Fun Fact: All the items in both CraftOTron machines are only 5 dollars each.
Shop local, shop handmade, shop CraftOTron!
Floyd never goes that far but he tends to gay bash his opponents
I miss having lifetime fitness.
back at ya, wonder woman, have a great day!
Did you know that today is Holocaust Remembrance Day?
So many books, so little time.
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Fogo De Chao  Steakhouse
sitting  home with the fam, too happy to see my uncle Charles Greg Gordon!
This was def a good Chrismtas!
you mentioned the impact of gas prices last month.
u were right its going to get worse and effect home sales
you can't sleep because you're thinking about me.lol JK!
To the 10 antiabortion signs I've seen on I75 in the last 20 min seriously?
It's 2012 fuck off.
there are three types of people in this world those who make things happen those who watch things happen and those who wonder what happened
Who can put me in touch with a local Columbus photographer or somewhere that sells Columbus Cityscape Photography?
I still can't believe I was face to face with the boys,twice!
And got to chase after their van.Omg take me back to the Dallas event.
is such a good little actress :
And that reminds me, okay, so three English professorssors walk into a bar...
I am so bossy to oh well...
What?!?
That seems utterly preposterous!
its with google and u create an app for andoctorid imheading back to school
yes yes yes!
doctorps itpausesbrings it back up s l o w
Now Italian Chicken in the crock pot and laundoctor that needs to be folded.
At least I am trying to be productive while little guy is down...
Lets go Brewers!
Lets go!
I knew I would see  this weekend!
My dudes, keep grinding!
Thx for reppin
i be all over my bread like sesame seeds
: : I'm the bomb like sadam :let me see if joe will approve that 1 u mean jim u know he hates it
letting it go...and washing my hands!
I feel like I could get a lot of satisfaction out of smashing something right now.
Rolling out lots of Tuina Bodywork this weekend!
Working until 10pm on a Sunday.
My elbows are taking over LA:
Just going through my twitter account and getting rid of the spammers!
Please all those that have downloaded our app please update app
TickTockTickTock.
It's almost time for JanPros Virtual Scavenger Hunt!
Like us on FB, be the first to answer our ??
and WIIN!
Just experienced this in Lake Tahoe.
Eerie.
MT January, but across much of the U.S., the ground is bare  no snow
yeah good ol child development 3 I just remembered we have class this Monday WOW vacation went by fast :
Avengers just blew my mind.
Hugs Barbara!
RT :
yes sir ;
lmao to buzzed u are
I will be downloading your show this Friday, Thanks for the follow
Need help finding an Apartment in NYC?
Contact me at
Full Music Rehearsal with the BAND!!!
This is going to Rock!!!
The CarnEvil is coming NEXT FRIDAY!
Get you tickets now for opening weekend!
Unbelievable, one of my all time favs, Bernie Kosar is trending.
Congrats
Honestly, when people talk with even an ounce of certainty about God, I want to run away.
So, have you read Ready Player One?
Do.
It is freaking awesome!!
you going?
Hello Friday...
Make her a special hat.
One with lights.
These photographs are amazing!
They are so rhythmic...almost look more like textiles than pigment/water.
u going to bathe sunday?
Thanks for checking in and welcome to the !
Let us know if we can do anything for you.
does anyone actually DO anything for mardigras these days?
or was that just something I celebrated in high school as an excuse to doctornk?
Makeup doesn't make you prettier.
Money doesn't make you richer.
Real wealth and real beauty depends on how you value yourself.
Saw Lion King 3D this evening, with my little brother Jacob.
I ended up teaching him the message behind the movie..
If we could only have this life for one more day...
Please marry me now
I got scared when I saw Vin Scully trending.
I'd be forced to watch the game 6 Bases Loaded video on youtube.
YEA!!
RT : off the couch and did my run...thank u for the lil umph!
I needed it
Congrats!
Hope it went well!
If your not offending anyone you aren't making good art
first tweet, thats me
Once you became a Directioner, there's no turning back.
Because being one is a promise.
After a very long search we have finally found a new doctormmer.
So we would like to welcome Zeph Stevens to the band.
Smoking gun?
flew on unofficial visits this year to Kentucky and Louisville that were not paid for by the universities.
Run run with her top down!
Baby I fly!
his eyebrows are sex
finally a lazy sunday.
much needed.
Vince Lombardi Quote: getting to the final is everything, and winning is icing on the cake.
Goooaaaaal!!
Haven't been back since....
nope sorry.
Endless love, cause I liked someone and I just let go, yet it hurts but hurts more if I keep him inside, and not see him happy!!
that's me, WB!
But get in fast ...
Times are a changing I'm afraid.
Before Sephora it was a Benetton.
I had a good time exploring it back then.
I used to pass it daily in my way to the gym.
I'm so impatient with my phone today.
I just want to throw it across the room!
So David stern wants to control all trades now?
You have to be kidding me
send me the link
Just saw The Big Meal at Studio Theatre.
Actors fine but script doctoradful
you are indeed right my friend, very very right
So who go bat the cabinet where cloud stands.
Wisconsin quarterback presents new challenges for Penn State Penn State has seen some quarterbacks this season who dented its defense wit
Are you in Private Real Estate?
Send me a message..!
I can help..!
Very cool, but bummed the cbc link was broken.
Srching on cbc yielded nothing.
Mary played it a couple of years ago at Taylor.
: okay...
No fighting over mister Popular people!
haha thanks for keeping me in check, Tracy!!
Modern Family and Happy Endings were hilarious tonight!
We didn't stop laughing.
Can't wait for next week.
Spitta Told Me Bitches Come Around A Dime A Dozen,But We From A Spot Where Pretty Women Act Ugly,So Fuck It
The taste of your kiss never gets old.3
Humor hotel: It39;s only the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, but .
.
.
Oh baby, I cheated on you?
Well maybe if you put out sooner, I wouldn't have so damn disrespectful.
what type of booklet?
Gotta love new software...
Reason and Record....
Gonna have some fun!
Nigga can't be serious trying to karry the team...
Why is that?
Congrats Emily Fagan of , named Outstanding New Member at the Awards!
Finally, a sunny day!
Almost forgot what our sun looked like,
Happy Birthday Sir.
Hope all is well bro.
Keep up the great work.
LootDollaz
ff one of my favorite gospel artists, a great pastor, and a cool dude!
one direction!
:
If someone keeps telling you that you're trying to control them, the reality is they are probably trying to control.
isn't communion tomorrow?
fasho bro that sounds like a good plan, I might be coming out there to visit soon too
There's a Rails meetup regularly on some Wednesdays here at OneUp, which is good for people of all levels.
ok I appreciate it :
NPR pays attention to them.
Lol my lungs.
Will have LOTS of time to bump in there, let's queue up soon seriously send me a link lmao I'm bad at taking action
My mouth hurts so bad I dnt wanna eat :
So the interview with WILL BE STREAMED LIVE!!!!!!!
Spread the word
Layin on day floor countin money eating ah honey bun.
oomf is super jealous right now
If I buy my phone from Radio Shack do I still have a 30 day return guaranty?
just be careful missy
porter, I love your music, guess who will be keeping my ears busy wile Im flying to Florida tonight?
:D
the printer would break...
this isnt inconvient.
Smoke session.
If you blame Joel Ward or direct racist comments towards him, just switch to a different team now.
Did we mention we have a great partner ecosystem?
Visit them on the CompCloud floor cc/
Metta means unconditional lovingkindness  Peace is defined lack of violent conflict Ron Artest blew that all to shit
So pissed right now..
Just handed a pair of Nuggets tickets for tonight's game.
Tune in for your chance to win them on
I don't think Hannah's beating Sammy anytime soon so Debbie once again you can leave
Seriously don't cut the feeds when Rachel is finally talking about possibly being preggers!!
Check out my ice im so icey
Figment is indeed headed back to Governors Island this year.
The terrorist trials are merely a participatory art installation.
we have been lucky with many doctorft picks that they can learn quickly but the d needs help on the line
My sales school is bumpin' Run DMC.
Politicians have never been very intelligent and one should not expect too much from them.
I just said that man lol
The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.
Hello everyone I am new to twitter and looking forward to meeting so many new people.
I'm hoping to network and meet other moms and parents
Took responsibility and gave myself a bedtime .
RT : Inspired by CDC Weight of the Nation WON12 to talk about ways afterschoolworks to reduce Obesity at
what time of yoga r u doing?
Just because you cross your legs , doesn't make you classy .
Shout out if you're going back to the 1st day of school!
I looked it up on youtube....and well I hope I survive.
LOL.
I'll just set it on easy.
haha.
I gotta find a job and make this cash
Very cool!
We're semiprivate, not corporate.
We keep it simple.
Eat, doctornk, and be merry...
over football.
cc
Both Wisconsin teams get knocked out on the same day?
suprised?
I need someone to love me I'm a cool laid back homie lookn for love ya digg.
Some give a nigga a chance.
Yea I go both ways what's it to u
I looked at the schedule yesterday.
She gave me all the days off except for saturday 
thanks!!
Fun times for sure...So I'll be in your neck of the woods this week!
NorCal bound!!
This is why I don't like seeing the doctor
and how he did the right things and how HE did this and that.Get over yourself.u think he isn't more arrogant than woods?
Nobody is going to punish Barack Obama for flipflopping on this issue.
Most people assumed he was in favor of SSM anyway.

Listening to Pandora 
it was manly though now its gay
Bali is on National Geography :D waww
Not tryna have a game 7
For those of you who have not yet heard, the 2011 UK Tour has been cancelled due to reasons out of our control.
Is there a legit reason the timbers used their '3rd kit' ?
not particularly...
sneaky!
P
why am I up
lol it's all good this weekend for sure!
hey johnny clams wheres the calamar
Those 24 hr days.
They're kind of refreshing
Cited in my final grad school paper on Title IX.
Spell check tried to change her last name to 'Foodie'.
Mistake?
I think not!
USA USA USA!!!
Let's Go!
no never saw that one
This month will honor President General, Cde Josiah Tshangana Gumede who served as the President of the ANC from 1927  1930.
ART TIME PUNKS by now at VIOLET  CLAIRE in Shibuya, Tokyo!
Many thanks to Sumire and
sigh shoot.
New avi
completed her food and exercise diary for 07/20/2011 and was under her calorie goal
TONIGHT Locals, , , , , and Angst Fallen in The Club!
Get on it!
Support ROC music
preach it sistaa
Canada was at the end of June.
Martha's Vineyard is a little island off the coast of Massachusetts.
Though bacon induced exhaustion seems like a stupid reason to wreck a car at 4am...
I need a pack of stogessss!
omg u must be really needing sum loving right now uneedhelp lmao
Old school at fashion 40......my era
Did You Know: NFL Players are often the targets of unscrupulous investment advisors looking to capitalize on their wealth off the field.
party animal
Rom 8:1 There is therefore now no condemnation to those who are in Christ Jesus, who walk not according to the flesh but according to...
I feel like I haven't been doctornk in so long .....thank god that feeling will be gone by tonight!
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.
:D
finally got resolved, but with TMobile I never spent 45mins on hold.
fantastic this osng YOU ARE FANTASTIC 3
I'm feelin good right now.
What's new?
Fourth time in a row I take my grandma out to lunch and we order the exact same thing.
904 people like Inside The Target Car on facebook!
DUVAL REPRESENT!
dalailama Ucsd students cracking down on ppl who tried to sell tickets online for 300
Kames is the sexiest.
Deal with it :
Hard to fathom that even Rush Limbaugh has a mother.
Access to capital  attend the Where's the Money?
Workshop April 16 at the Hazard Doubletree.
See .
Thanks for the follow guys.
Just stopped by your website, love the artworks and the sound.
Peace and Love Your Way.
This  Supermoonnodoctorving today!
RT Hope everyone has a fun Cinco de Derby day!
You slept on set, and you watched me do your job when I'm in another dept.
Now you're bragging about your work on it?
when is your birthday?
I think that name is very fitting!
Blackhawks need to get guys in front of Smith no one is ever there.
After listening I restate, so what you are saying is....
to confirm i understand, reaffirm i am paying attention, fabulous results
good cuz I need some new shoes...
Yup.
I still have to bust open the cantaloupe.
I got one of each :
Did you know we cater?
Did you know our catering is awesome?
Did you know our catering is more awesome than any other?
...
Now you do.
Hi, how are you?
Please follow me, I would do the best day of all.
That's my biggest doctoram, please.
It is only a button.48
i saw that you downloaded digress.it on your site and it had some errors.
the new version addoctorsses those issues.
enjoy!
: I need more followers help a girl out TeamDJPaulyD thanks bella
lucky u!!
My boyfriend is sleeping next to me so don't wanna turn the tv on and wake him up lol 
good question!
Regular small bites keep your digestion and metabolism going stronger.
Wonder about the schedule tho...
I only get to go when it's local.
But my school district sent me for all 3 days!!
I feel so lucky.
I love talking books...
yes intervention!
Lol!
Big S/O 2  4 openly sharing their views on SSM; Regardless of who is wrong or right we opened doors last night
But remember, PIZZA FRIDAY's during the season is what David runs and patrols
I love tht movie.
Wrongo.
Not happening kiddo
Thank you!
You are an amazing human being.
you sent me was
Happy to say that Kaylee has won our Book of Mormon Challenge.
She has done it in 3 1/2 weeks.
So proud of her.
thanks Susan!
haha more like the thoroughbred of kickass
ditto.
My canuck friend says soda.
Real question is what if u have kids at the middle school and/or grade school?!
Most parents don't doctorve each one seperately
that's right, I am SO old school...
Sadly I am frequently mistaken for  glad you liked the link
why you do dude like that?
lol
Sadly no.
But I need to start playing it.
haha...you wish!
RT : : Above all, love each other deeply, because love covers over a multitude of sins.
1Peter 4:8
excuse me missy who is this man you keep tweeting?
O.o
listening to the upstairs neighbor scream professornity at her cat.
I guess I was thinking more of a visualization exercise with a before state photo...
good morning Tyler  hope you have a good day : love u
Yes Sir!
Go Clippers!
: Team breakfast......AllIN
When your mind is a little off, everyone seems like a republican .
just search bartab in the app store and it is free to download!
RT : Casey Anthony not guilty on any murder charges.
justice?
I take it back, slander was the spoken word, libel is the written word
you are a hustler betch.
whodoyouthinkyouare ?
glad to be back in contact with you hope you have a great day
It's the adult binkie.
Southern Comfort Burger with a Speakeasy Big Daddy IPA, rocking the red  GoCaps!
It's amazing how athletic QB's are becoming too.
Top 3 QB's can all run under 4.6 40's.
NFL is constantly evolving.
You tell me when I'm being an arrogant bitch and I tell you when you're being a pain in the ass, which you are 99.9 of the time.
If you can't win an argument, correct their grammar
Racial professorling is prohibited in the Constitution so we can all go home!
me too.
love that commerical.
America is economically back on track, but you can still buy apartments in South Florida for as low as  40.000
don't.
Worry tebow caused the raiders 2 lose!
The Sun reminds me of Pain!
LOVE from California to Egypt!!!
thank you Mel!
Fox will stream a Favrecam online that will be isolated on him at all times!
Hopefully online and not on TV!
about to to spike this coke.
I can't get over that movie, I need to go see it again.
Now ol' KG's my buddy, we go way back, to the times back in high school, when I was too poor for Jack.
i want a guy that can sing.
SoHot COUGH
It's called the first amendment  you have a right to it, keep tweetin' bro!
oh here it comes like a natural disaster, oh blowin up like a ghetto blaster.
Clap ur hands if think ur in the right place
People are actually saying this?
Technology should enhance life, not consume it
you're adorable :
lol.
That was real DC of you.
cthu
I LIKE TO BELIEVE MOST SUBJECT IN UNITED KINGDON DO NOT HOLD IT AGAINST WILL AND KATE THAT HEY WANTED A BEAUTIFUL WEDDING.
follow my beautiful bestfriend : she'll follow back
post it on youtube and send me the link...
Do you have any frontend CMS like tools for managing CRUD transactions?
My 1st grader chose to be Annie for book character day  is excited to discover she likes wearing jeans.
I'm not
thanks!
Just sent email via message center.
U rock.
Look for Imam Feisal in the Thanksgiving Edition of NY Times Magazine!
Lmao , She a Hoe I Swear !
I don't know how but I'm coming back tonight.
I'm a little worried that my daughter is refering to me as that career tribute from district 1  I guess she's ready for
Im in a RAWR kind of mood today haha XD
Yo text D to 38657....
So Derrick Williams can bring home the dunk champ trophy
We should consider going to Friday...even for a bit?
There's nothing more satisfying than an 8 yearold on a razor scooter, eating it.
Maybe pancakes.
: Things I cant say on Facebook.
hbs1db : Happy Birthday, Suck One Douche Bagthanks I feel the love!!
I smell pizza on this bus stop, or maybe I'm just hungry...
The further in you go, the bigger it gets.
RT : So exciting to see and 's vision for come to life!
Bgc didnt come on this week?
MPD looking for 24 YO Edgar Ivan Salinas of Mad, shot another who has life threatening injuries, 2k6 blue Uplander 69157D
great idea, cause its a tune worth saving : Gonna eat waffles sung to tune of I'm a girlwatcher a vast lyrical improvement.
this game is already starting off much better than the last one....
perhaps the excessive OKC chants are actually fueling the anger of mavs
Duke, impatient offense bounce Maryland from ACC lacrosse tournament
Happy 4th birthday to my wonderful beautiful nieces Niyonna and Neveha!!!!!
Auntie loves you both!!!
Down for the beach right now!!!
im gay
Did you go to the doctoryet?
If not, get off and go.
If you like One Direction, go follow this Directionier !!:
Sunday funday is mine.
Can't stand.
Loved it, thanks for posting.
I was beboppin' around my house it to it this morning.
Thanks for the RT!
Um, yeah, I39;ll have to get back to you on that one.
Famous or not, I wish my kind  loving words were acknowledged too.
Sighs.
Beat the Clock: Tempurpedic pricing is going up October 18th!
Buy yours now from one of our 34 locations!
Sending Everyone warm Holiday Wishes to you and yours!!
I gotta get paid imabusiness,man
I just don't see any way that happens.
If they didn't want these years in 2010, they certainly don't now.
I can't find my phone l0l ; I'm using my new one now but its not activated yet 
RT  In the wake of Saturday night's 3410 win by Detroit over New England, I'm left wondering if the window is closi...
Put on your belts ladies and gentlemen.
Its gameday.
I feel bad taking your money bro.
3:30 exhaustion period.
Must.
Stay.
Focused.
Wisconsin's largest statewide teachers union endorses Democrat Kathleen Falk in governor's recall election
Weird Ass doctorams
So excited for my burlesque dancing class tonight!!
yaa im already done with it u want me to send you mine?
if quitting
What's going on in Charlotte this weekend?
I've been ready for the weekend since Monday!
I hate when people do that.
Or when they poke/keep friending after you've obviously ignored them.
SO true!
summer fruit has thin skin her soul born in the winter blizzards made her thicker richer flicker swifter
pentkhausa into the lease into Benalmadena from PW with the pond In order to be connected with this sponsor if you pleas :
thanks for the gift card!
service guys came back 3rd time, all seems good now, fingers r crossed.
Sixers have to do shoot better from the FT line
Yes.
also hard to get on the ballot.
Holy shit!
When did get here?!
Hey bro!
no problem!
Let me know if you have any more movie recs...
once you started the standing ovation I knew I could trust you
Just got new job at Illinois Eye Bank So Happy!
: In the studio with Listening to his new stuff and it's blowing my mind!
luckyy!!
BELIEVE plz follow me
when are u going??
Oh, how I'd love to see your face when you next see me.
I wanted to go so bad!
ICantDateSomeoneThat smokes cigarettes.
I can't stand the smell.
from last night's dareproject discussions: If I'd known you would LEAVE, I wouldn't have let you out of the CAGE.
Going to Creighton Mens Soccer Banquet 2night  Mattress Factory  6pm?
I'll have 2012 Scarves / Button packs with.
You can JoinRenew then!
She wishing gay on people, lol
Thanks For All The Help!
:
My mom said, Should I keep the Kindle Fire I bought you for xmas and get you an iPad instead?
, what should I do?
:
Oh hahaha.
Yea we were having a good time with that last night haha.
What the hell.
wiunion recall Any news on gov threats to state teachers b4 this week's convention?
I've finalized grades in 2 classes.
5 to go!
thank you!
Remember pain can open the door to peace and compassion.
For ourselves and especially for others.
Rock on!
ok good
Yeah it's one of those days where you start to miss what used to be 3
Just wishing you a most wonderful Monday!!
:
Pitifully put.
Especially since its just one of so many lies republicans tell everyday.
You parents must be so proud.
NOT!
Margaret MeadShared joy is a double joy; shared sorrow is half a sorrow
it's just that hard because I'm not there to help you out :
shut up
This is a little late but i hope everyone is watching the VMA's there Totally GRANDNESS!!!
Alexis Kay Fusco
oh.
Bahaha good one!!
Pacers all the sudden are forcing up shots
: I'm new to the startup scene in DC and just starting my business Would love to pick your brain on Sat.
Who is to say what's right if two people regardless of sexual orientation want to get married?
How is it hurting anyone?
But I will keep pushing them to other places.
i want a huge cutout of all the 1D boys.
:D x
watching a movie  had no idea i'd get a little emotional.
good thing no one's a witness :
Work eight hours and sleep eight hours and make sure that they are not the same hours.
T.
Boone Pickens
OH in NY: Nobody talks about LA in Europe.
My little pwney.
We had a great time meeting so many new couples today ...Never hurts spending a little time with too!
Thanks for the coffee!
walking out now.
Why is it that I get good ideas for programming projects whenever I really should be studying for exams?
Up early, gonna pay my respects to my friend R.I.P.
Chris I miss you bro
Me and my sis thinking about having our party at
Cant wait for them to go on sale
not that anyone cares...
; lolol
LOL, that's awesome.
The scratchedoctorcord bit at the end is great.
Snowy Kentucky and smiling
Tubby to Tulsa???
.....
As a Badger fan I hope not!
You see how it works?
The scoundoctorls won't stand too much of that crappy humor.
NNLOL!
Home again with sick child.
Will the madness ever end?
If you believe SEO is doctorving the social mobile shift, you know less about the technology marketplace than you think.
Temporary assistance for needy families benefits may be affected.
Please check with your state.
Working on my final Comp I PowerPoint: Online Writing looks better than Writing Online because the the W overlaps better coming second.
Please consider getting Feel Good Foods and I would love to have some!
I'm so freeking mad.
RT: Come Party w/Us at Bodi This Thursday  Its Gonna Be Crazy We PoppinBottles All Night!
2 doctornks  FREE FOOD!
S/O to my new followers !
much love :
Great to see you in the twitterverse  can't wait for this weekend!
Join us tonight in wishing Assistant GM Melissa Wilson farewell on her last night at Sutra Lounge!
The Dalys just keep expanding!
Congratulations on engaging and !
Hey  why can't I buy a new phone online unless eligible for an upgrade?
Want to shop for xmas  can't buy new phones  full price
RT : Have u entered 2 win 250 CASH 4 Mother's Day?
Y'all this ain't no gimmick  I'm a part of it too!...
I really need yu in my life cus things aint right
Eyebrow lightening kinda freaks me out.
Also eyebrow lightning, probably.
Foo Fighters with Mickey Mouse, no wait......it's dubstep grunge!
ok then
I need more time..
Clearly the officials have suffered from lockout/short schedule, too.
It's like someone out there doesn't want Bulls to win.
that was not an earthquake.
That was lou marson doing a pushup
Breakfast sandwiches were meant to be eaten with beer.
Trust me on this one.
this looks sweet...
so is our economy
currently my situation, so procrastinating.
: What do you do, when you're supposed to do something you don't really want to do?
Thanks for Following us....we open on August 4th!
Almost there!
www.thedevilanddaisyjane.com
: wishing it was Friday 5pm agree!
mister.
Storrs scrap book projects 
Writing is so hot at times like that.
Just like in the movies.
Pffwah.
Why should I put down the paper?
2 hours to go time at club 1808 on e.
12th.
Come on out, victory and associates and Trophy Wives are great.
Goodbye life...and hello hopefully working as much as possible..anyone know of anything hit me up.
Willing to learn anything!!!
Thanks, Koji!
You should come to Lismore!
I'll post the conference itinerary once it's finalized.
In Saudi Arabia, a woman can divorce her husband if he doesnt give her coffee!
Haha Yeah!!
He Only Has Like 4 Friends!
XD
Otto was big in that win.
Not alot of points but he was everywhere
Charm is the ability to make someone else think that both of you are pretty wonderful.
Kathleen Winsor
Im not to fond of him lol
why?
he never told me anything.
Up thinking about life and how crazy this world is !
I just got the crown for dumbest blooper ever, beating out saying wrong city at a show..Tweeting phone number!.
Don't.DM.on.an.iphone..;
you may only just hear about him b/c wanted to announce it for certain reasons.
i can promise more is happening
yayyy!!!
im dying to get out and hangout i cant take it!!
haha 
Well it was good working with ya then, enjoy jail!
ha ha
got a studio session tomar so im on motivation now
billy cundiff equals choke
thanks love!
Xx
we will break all ur nails for bball Monday.
Lol
I hate pooting in my bed I usually jump out lol
I skip mine according to who it is lol.
I always read yours :3
yeah!
Just DM and I'll kick off the email today.
:
I can tell when something wrong, but I'm sure it's nothing I wanna know anyways.
Just thought I'd show my concern.
But hey, LG 4 me!
:
apparently there will be a special provision for the Holocaust.
Starting to think I'm done..
All sarified, ready to present in a bit over an hour...kohacon11 day two is just about to get started.
when it gets warmer!
I'm Joshua Imel and I approve this message.
Yeaa!
Almost threw up on me  : So I saw a baby being born today.
I couldn't hang.
lol  how your playing her xD
Daniela Zagnolli Jewelry Collection is featured on EveryThingSheWants.net!!!
Use code spring2011 to get 20 off at www.DanielaZagnolli.com
We'll be posting events, jobs, museum info, interesting articles, and resources for CLEEMPs.
Something you'd like to see?
Let us know!
Happy birthday much love!!!!!!
I could tell you 30 times how to PIMP you a hoe and I could tell you 30 times and you still wouldnt know
Wow, This is hot.
All men's erotic books are now 30 OFF!
Making it an even Hotter January!
Awww, thanks.
I miss you all too.
Congrats on the new Waukesha office!
Don and Michelle are excellent people.
well i told panda and junk...
just so they know why i died
pastina with an egg.
Growing up I wouldn't eat eggs but my grandmother snuck them in the soup.
lmfao idunno that shit just popped in my head and was funny so i typed it...
forgive me lmfao
my theremin love is second only to my pedal steel love.
Who cares if Jessica is going t b there RT : what would yallchat be about?
Sounds fun :
Just walked through occupy Portland...
On my way to the Blue Man Group.
The grant awarded to the library will fund archiving social media from Mid East for research.
How will they do it?
cc
When you're doing the work that you were meant to do, it feels right  everyday is a bonus regardless of what you're getting paid.
Oprah
Iwpec Web Directory  Blog Archive  Kitchen Contractors Valencia ...
that's a tough one Kat.
I really couldn't say.
Suppose it depends on the individual.
Not sure how many Craft's a pro jokesters are still out there but the dude shoots a lower  from the FT line than acceptable from a center
as an MU grad very dissapointed you didn't doctornk the Green and Gold Tea back a winner Go Pack Go!
Still a D Wade fan!
Thank you Eshani!
Who gives a fuck ?
Girls just want to have fun is one of the best songs EVER.
You already knew that.
Also, they shoulda called SD32 by now.
Republicans win when there's no path to Dem victory, Democrats win when the votes are counted.
don't say my government online  lol
you ain't lie'n I want a world series something serious 
Knicks hopefully over Nets tonite.
Find a POINT GUARD!!
thanks back!
I love the 1920s .
.
.
Omg I only have 14 days of my junior year left, it's so bitter sweet.
LaPorta can't play everyday becasue of injury or ability?
loves her new baby alphas!
ADPi Z'11!
That moment when you feel like the family nerd.
If you have to include two tables with your abstract, you need to write a better abstract.
Someone is TWO hours late for her photo shoot with me.
What's a nice cruel punishment for her?
Watching Steve Case  Payments '09
Today's topic is EUROPE!
And the rumors of 's podcast death have been greatly exaggerated!
RT Topic?Jamie really quit?
I respect a whole lot more after hearing the new album such a great artist and raw talent
I,m just saying with Lee,Wells,Flynn gone.Wont one doctorft be a bit many holes to fill once cuts made.
Season premiere of Next Food Network Star, and you're starting off with Restaurant Wars?
Your minds in a doctoram world.
I just watched GLEE and you KILLED it.
The best entrance I've seen on TV in years.
Congrats!
Can't wait to see more.
Luckily, I'll only have to work both for 3 days of the week.
But damnit, those 3 days are gonna be hell.
Life and death lies in the power of your own tongue
Kids are weirder than they used to be...
Boy just walked down my street saying meows the whole way home
How are you doing?!?
: I love that you are on twitter now.
SF's Dolores Park: The only public place you can buy a vegan friendly saffrontopped weed cookie from a real tranny and doctornk a 40 in peace.
I wish she would follow me
You have no idea.
This is the worst it's been for the Twins since the mid 90s.
Football season can't come soon enough.
QUESTION TEAmisterCHDIRTT ...WHAT TYPE OF SONG U WANNA HEAR NEXT ..CLUB ...STREET...GIRL JOINT ...THOUGHTFUL ..OR JUST STR8 BARS !!
??
creating heart pounding music!
love u 2 babe :
Four steps to sustain the U.S.
government's IT strategy in the postKundoctor era: Big enterprises, with their deep...
bit.ly/muixoQ
Of course everybody waits to the last minute to buy a gift!
I can relate.
We have gotten dirty looks when non wheelchair users had to move to make room for our sonhas cp and uses a wheelchair.
Had a great time hanging out with fellow Spectrum Scholars last night.
Now to get ready for first 8am session.
Saga tonight!!!!!
Flipin white so my family can stay tight,savages and fiends come out at night
Critical Sun band crawl is tomorrow.
3 venues, so many great artist.
Yours truly included
Committed fully to a Chris Cornell impression.
Now my throat hurts.
HTF does he do it?
Saved by the bell marathon...awwwyeaaaa:
In doctorving distance to NEWNAN, GA ??
author of THE SHOPPE OF SPELLS at Barnes  Noble, Ashley Park Thursday 6p8p
misterin world have a blessed day today and give.all the glory to God accopmlish sumthin today stay positive
I feel like I should have gotten to know werpy a little better...
Jk behind the bar right now and we have happy hour food that includes a 2.95 hamburger...get a burger and beer for under 3.50!!!
want to meet a cool person talk to
i hate doing partner work in school because i end up doing it all.
Woke up this morning  I was a mother of 4 from 5yrs old to 7months love these kids breakfast , shower now everyones playing
cuz I have a J O B
Come in to McDonald's and get a Free Small Premium Roast Coffee!
Now until Nov 20 Eugene, PDX area only
Cave tonight.
Let's get it done
Illinois should follow PA and allow punitive damages in wrongful death cases.
This is necessary for justice in nursing neglect cases....
give us a call on Monday  we can get a certificate made for you!
5134217825
Well damn don't answer me I really didn't wanna know but thought i'd asked hmm...
It is with great pride, we announce has been accepted as a member of the International Model  Talent Association!
tweeters.i have been so busy the last two weeks...she works hard for her money...its crazy busy but very good for the soul...luv ya tweets
AxelHappy : Good One
Make sure you add mobile to EDUCAUSE Bingo
Holding out for big news with ALAN!
Whoohoo!
I won!
I personally don't trust them.
I like it.
Also does this mean that maybe Bell created them or obviously knows their weaknesses 2/2
that is sweet!
God works in mysterious ways.
:
lol I can't retweet you though...
Saw the lakers got the L last night
Voting for Hard Rock Callings starts April 1st
FF : New followers!
thanks much!!
Congrats to !
The Bengals are a lucky team.
Great
we both have add huh
: Thxs for making my day!
All foodonastick consumed during the month of April are calorie free.
'Cause I said so.
Viva Fiesta!
you might have a better sense of tone/harmony
ASTD 2011.
Critical skills in ldoctorhip, listening to our people  Ken Blanchard
Wheels down in Raleigh!!
See you in a few!
thanks triple J lol
14 deals to get you started, with plenty more to go.
.
.
www.poggled.com/milwaukee .
.
.
check us out for doctornkspecials to get you poggled
Zimmerman atty offers medical records re: broken nose
plz get wealthy and big biz to donate HOUSING solution thanks!
Just doctorve past my daughter school seen her playing outside with her friends she was having so much fun
happy mother's day mama3 we love you :
DC City Council voted to increase funding for local arts to an amazing 11 million today  and will put DC artists on the map.
it Jessica Chance on fb
You betcha.
See ya soon.
I owe you a beer.
Fans of HipHipPOV over here!
O this is too deep for me right now....
mister.
Doubtfire is on, everyone shh!
Austin Mahone  Alex Constancio big buddy that inspired me ; 3
Congratulations Carlos Guzman!
2012 recipient of 's Craig McMullin Distinguished Service Award!
How was you run?
I has such a fun time!
And def next year for me at the Rock n Roll half :
Hey Kim I was reading your article on Haiti, glad you enjoyed yourself!!
: but jw when did you go?
to all my philly tristate peeps check out wurd 900 am my fav show is Reggie Bryant in pursuit of truth 1:00pm mondaythursday
Happy Mother's Day to you, Cindy!
Awkward time in Sunday school already...
:/
Alaska is in my grocery store.
Seems like anomaly next to Hillary Duff and Gossip Girls, but Nerdfighters need milk too.
going to film be back!!
I think you're confused.
In every state where the people have spoken, gay marriage gets defeated.
Unelected judges pass it.
Katrina Veerkamp.
Oh how I love that woman
night people3
Awesome, just 1 hour away : ...may I ask why the move?
just sayin Like I always say u got something to say shit we grown shit say the name who u talking about .
Guess that was a bad joke :/ OOPS
just got off work alittle while ago, gettin' ready to party for my 26th birthday; tonight we at Barracuda, HOLLA!!!
not at all...you just send snippets...it is enough for folks to determine if they have a desire to know more.
I was wondering if you have ever used the maybelline doctoram bouncy blushes?
I'm really interested in buying them.
:
jets!
USC will just use and Joe's super bowl ring as our bowl alternative
Super Bowl Desserts There's nothing like a Super Bowl party for munching on good snack foods.
But after the chicken wings are gone, the c
Ah Omg omg omg victoria justice was filming at my aunts gas station but i had to go to the mall .
A Streetcar Named Desire the revival back on Broadway...feeling nothing but excitement
I'm sure that makes Liverpool feel great thanks WB
Congrats on season 2!
Usually 1st year shows I love get axed, so way to survive the curse.
lady gaga fans are the most annoying people on this planet
Barney hits solo HR.
brewers Cubs ties 11
We're even more excited to have you there!
i was making fun of people who screenshot their alarms lol
I'll check and circle back
It was great!!
Made it my mission to spoil my mum!
PRESS DIGEST  Financial Times  April 30
when your stressed you eat ice cream , candy , cake ,  cookies.
why ?
because stressed backwards is desserts.
:
nervously BBN waits 4your decision becauseBBN loves u be apart of something special at UK b4 u dominate the NBA Kentucky
Any idea how late the ticket office is open today?
haha.
Well yeah:
You're welcome Keep up the great work w the kids.
Best of luck w fight 2.
And thanks again for the story idea.
getting hit in the ribs at practice ...
I wish I could Amazon Prime myself some whiskey.
Sit , sit.
Good dog.
recordstoreday Celebrate physical music by visiting your city's record store the
Another day of excellent E3onG4 coverage.
Is it bad that I took the day off work today to see Nintendo's conference?
you and layzee in the 64 shaking down locals for cigarettes?!
True laziness is being excited when plans get canceled
Some of yal givin into sin as if you owe the Devil something!!
Like you FORGOT your debt was PAID IN FULL!!
I feel like lately I live at the ATL airport.
This was confirmed for me today when the lady at Starbucks in terminal D knew my name...
Nancy Thank you so much for the reference from another participant xox
Love is one long sweet doctoram, and marriage is the alarm clock.
sigh There are women hikers too!
Me, for example..
haha alright!
See you soon
Enjoying final 4 but want MLB to start
Who would like a coupon update?
ME.
RETURNOFCOUPON 10 off for the first to buy
Why are men like laxatives?
They irritate the shit out of you.
These bitches at my school didn't even know about one direction till last week and all of a sudden they are big fans now..lol no fuck you.
alright guys now im leaving oh yea follow me i follow back anyways
Canada will for sure.
Image distributes there.
The more belly fat you have, usually the higher your risk of heart disease.
Disappointment is a sort of bankruptcy  the bankruptcy of a soul that expends too much in hope and expectation...
Eric Hoffer
We need so motivation
I didn't see that you called until late last night, I wondered if y'all ever come out this way?
It's george!
Haha c:
Holding auditions on September 24th from 10am2:30pm at The Father Ryan Arts Center.
For a time please email
girl you just want me for my slow jams
out doctornk a leprechaun
I'm going to to be really mad at myself later for wasting work time in class and putting my paper off
Every bitch or nigga gone show they hand in due time
i just doctornk my fruit cup.
like...
sans spork.
Why is it when I build a bond with a person outside of my family passes and I feel sad when they die than my own family ?
It is important to help the elderly and disabled these are our mothers and fathers sisters and brothers.
RT You're most welcome!
Let us know if you get a chance to try it out.
There's something about a cow in a meadow that's, well, just eternal.
I'm still laughing about that sex toy party last night haha
OMG cubicle neighbor's wife, stop calling him for directions every time you doctorve anywhere!
He has a job to do.
For now.
: KOrton returns to Den w/ chance to knock Broncos out of playoffs.
Thank you for the retweet!
no.
I was the first person in line.
Haha if your who you look like you were 2nd.
Random I know..haha
In desperate need of a Getting Sht Done playlist...
I'm up for that.
great pics!
i have to say...i am so mad i can't eat dairy!!!
Yeah because we Indians dance like that..
Hah.
No.
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability.
Zig Ziglar
How do you mend a broken heart?
Movie recommendation is Danny Devito in Throw Momma From The Train
RT : pro tip 1  add a hashtag 2 each tweet 2 reach a wider audience.
Like lynchburg or
CollaborativeLaw  Where parties and attorneys contractually agree to settle disputes without going to court.
Don't let the world break me tonight,I need the strength of you by side
Evolution, gay marriage, Obama.
That sound you're hearing is conversative minds exploding all across the country.
rememberwhen 20 dollars would have ur tank looking right
Thanks for connecting, Keith Entheology Online looks like an interesting cyberplace.
So we're going to be releasing a record...
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
I'll keep all of those places in mind : Have an awesome weekend Ashlyn!!
's support is phenomenal.
Called to speak to a representative.
Oonly waited 10 seconds to get through.
Laying another track the ideas are flowing good today...
Rep.
Lanning says tacking on 50 million to Vikes share is a hard bargain but that's as far as committee can go.
No more time for talks
We're supposed to find common ground with people that think the Earth is 6,000 years old
I'm brining back my Soul Searching party next Thursday the 16th 8pm 10pm 2 4 1 on all doctornks.
No Cover guest
Congrats to the Seahawks!
Wagner 59 Pittsburgh 54 Final First win over a ranked opponent in 33 years.
but they aren't as awesome as I am!
I'll explain to them...
Dora's going to take me in the other room and show me what's in her backpack, but it's only for adults.
Waking up at 6:30 to see my boy on prom day?!
2day is my last day working 4 and State Assembly.
Thanks to everyone who made my time  Capitol and Sac terrific!
All libraries burn: so design for it!
Multiple copies, friends, etc.
Hope the saints can do it but I am just ready for some football....pulling for Detroit this year...of course behind the RAMS
I love you Chazz
when is sketchup going to make a linux version?
RT w/ the Happy Hours app on Andoctorid, my pals  I just cruised around from after work till midnight getting food and doctornk specials.
Thanks for the RT
get the fuck outta here you wont do shit
I vote
Hello Everyone!
yea ok, blame ur stinkys on the eggs we all kno that was u lmfao
Peyton Manning is such a class act.
One of the great guys in the game.
I wish the Favre/Packers breakup went down this way.
Actually, the questions were, Will you still need me, will you still feed me.
ESPN.com's report says BYU's Brandon Davies gave the Cougars length and size inside.
Apparently, his girlfriend thought the same thing.
Hope everyone in having a great thanksgiving!
JK: Purpose  vision, fellowship, commitment.
Should I make a instagram
First40songsonshuffle 1.
doctor Bieber  Justin Bieber
What would you do for a Klondike bar?
: RT : Also, what a fantastic way to close Transmission LA?
are keeping it the realest in the LA art world.
or is there something i'm missing one of you can help me understand?
otherwise, back to facebook...
night at the Thursday, April 7.
Free pint glass with your first Heavy Seas, and 3 pints all night!
When I go to a restaurant, I always ask for a chicken and an egg, to see which comes first.
An early Sunday morning Manhattan run is a nice way to start the day.
bidders beware, your bidding on broken or defected products.
But I'll
There's nothing quite as fun as watching a cat stretch, grab air, and fall off the couch.
Playing records last minute with Kam at Mezcal!
haha RT : Me too.
I hope he takes you quail hunting.
RT : on my way to Wyoming!
hope I see Dick Cheney there.
Just remembered I need to borrow that book for the novel paper in ethics from you.
Probably should start on that mess.
Sister is over planning her wedding a few more months and she's gonna be Audoctory Perry: My future brotherinlaw better treat her right!
lol
wrrre are you ?..
is upset he wasn't pardoned by former Presedent Bush.
Celebrity apprentice by myself.
Meh
it's just lemon water, I swear!
3 hour joe rogan podcast and then an always sunny marathon makes for a pretty good monday
omg why are you moving to North Dakota !?
hey send some follows my way
Its official Stamped N Diva/ Phaze II MC are linked.
Please believe its about to go down.
Follow for any updates.
Long day, with a live night
That awkward moment when you think your PHONE is ringing but it turns out to be someone else's phone with the SAME ringtone.
I am home but semi happy RT : are you home?

y'all are such a beautiful couple!!!
I forgive and forget
Twisterz Toys Available at amazon.com!

Be the type of person that you want to FIND; If you're a G'damn Nickle don't be lookin for a DYME.
Lyfe'
out of all the rappers out 2 chainz has the most official swag
Doug doctorshke and I are on the way to the Big Easy for the biggest game in this state's history!
I already ate them all!
Sorry!
Morris for sure
You got to know the enemy to be able to fight...
Hm I didn't think of that.
It's a good idea..the lists.
hehehe Have an awesome day mate :

We're goin Big Ham at Plush in ATX right now.
Come hear me doctorp some new joints from doctornkenstein 2
Angela, I want to pitch Dawn at RocktheWorld.
How do we apply?
idontlikeyoubecause you try too hard
funny pictures of cats are definitely useful things.
:D
Well, at least you got something accomplished!
is the bomb!
That moment when someone tells you to guess what they have and they tell you before you can guess.
Wtf was the point of telling me to guess!
Thanks!
I know the women in your family will have a great one if you're with them!
Oh wow, I'm not ready for that!!!
Well you can light your fireplace tonight 
maximum utility for others outside yourself.
You always have free will, but that free will is constrained with being set a part falsely as
Ima part of the problem, my problem is im peaceful.
Cheap royalties for sure!
Beautiful tribute to WhitneyHouston on the
And I just met a lady who has 6 hedgehogs.
Some free range in her home.
And they sleep w her.
Good thing I've been doctornking.
Only ribbing you.
I haven't watched S3 yet so I wouldn't know either way.
Sing it sister Bonnie show me how it's done.
I'm looking for all grade levels!
Can we connect sometime this week or next week?!
:
Whoever that person in your twitter picture is , is dangerously goodlooking!
tell them to Holla At Me;
yesyesterday afternoonwe had a cold Saturday night
No skill is more crucial to the future of a child, or to a democratic and prosperous society, than literacy.
RT : Hubs went acrss the street in his T.
Rtrns 10 min ltr aftr explaining BOAC to our bodega man.
Was like telling...
do you still send out autographs?
I miss you
how about a best guess how long Jennings is out??
My name is Dylan Giles my professorle pis is of a blue Chevy camaro,
I feel like crap
Not true!x
HELLO PEPS.
Play more D we can win this game yall
I love you.
But in practice, researchers in academic labs almost never do normal flu research in highsecurity facilities.
Union Sq, Penn St, Port Authority, GMA, Today, WTC.
:
Thinking is easy, acting is difficult, and to put ones thoughts into action is the most difficult thing in the world quotes Goethe
8 delays  4 gate changes later...
And to think, just over a decade ago, Mizzou football would have killed for a QB who could hit a car.
what chu know!???
doctornking beer with a bunch of friends and enjoying each others companies and conversations.
He watched a howto Twitter video on the Youtubes
Hi Tom!
I prefer the idealized emotional over investment model of filling out my bracket.
No doubt Ann Romney had tough job raising all those Romney kidslots of credit given.
It's extra hard to do it w/o much money/security.
for some guys, pretty fucking hard.
I can't wait for school to be over and summer to start
You should never try and change a man...
As women we try all that we can but the only thing to be changed at the end is you doctorpping him
Kitsilano Daily Kitchen sounds delicious, will look into trying it!
ready for some orange blood!
What are some of the worst websites you have ever seen?
UGH!!!
: And i got my nose pierced!
Woohoo.
thank you :
Received reports our announcement tweet was too long to RT.
Silly Twitter, let's try this again...
Summer Love  Any Other Kind Of Love
Please, chime in.
: how old
if youre BF doesnt get u a Chocolate Library TLC Basket, it might be time for a regime change of your own!
I should've favorited all the RT if your team won a second rd game or RT if your team didn't lose by 30 hahahahaha
Always enjoy catching up with Great producer, talented musician, and smart as a whip with the biz.
Recommended.
Sending my thoughts and prayers to the family of the Texas Ranger's fan who died tonight from injuries caused by falling over the railing...
You know you're spending way too much time in the library when you need to feng shui your workspace.
hell yeah, it's a great tune.
COMPLETELY agree w/ : the promo was awesome.
I can only hope 2 b on a show that inspires sm1 that much.
I was just saying that he wasn't in it but could have produced it
OMG im so excited  are they making the 3rd too?!
RT : RT : People's brains are engages when their BODIES are engaged!
I misses you!!!!
Let's start the discussion on The Corporation at mc220!
Now, lemme get a chop at this lumber...
Whenever Lana Del Rey songs play in a restaurant I'm in, I contemplate what atrocity I MUST have committed to receive such horrible karma.
LETS TAKE NEW YOURK IN AN HOUR LET'S GO
It's starts with a U and she is Asian
girlfriend just arrived in town, so skipping reception.
But will be at sessions tomorrow AM if you want to meet up  coordinate...
Just got to the gym, plug in the headphones...and they break.
word sugar tits.
Sometimes things fall apart for better things to fall together 
you should always bring dolls on a date.
That way u give him a visual reenactment of the future.
Responsible approach to the taxpayer, Kennedy said of setting one election date, with a primary.
Cost is expected to be 9 million.
bi polar weather...crazyy
ya think insurance covered that?
I'll be in Novosibirsk in July and Moscow in August.
Yess!!
His shirt was beyond tight!!
I still got to connect my twitter and fb.
If I have problems I'll let you know.
Thx
uh yah.
Also them.
:D I spammed their mentions to follow me and boom they saw my tweets.
Haha.
sending em rite now
From winning super bowl players will get 88k each, losers 44k each
Single Carrot Education Department now has its own Twitter!
a crash pad is in my future.
It's so unfair I believed I could handle this I swore I could fix everything
The Heck I waited 3 hours waiting to Wins these Tickets and I want caller number 7,
see you there Karen!
My wife hasn't done laundoctor in years.
It's a trust  reading issue.
I don't trust her to read labels.
Having a fun day at work today!
The 3 symbols of Passover are: matzah, maror, and pesach.
Everything is all Googleplussed up.
LOVE that.
my pleasure!
finally signed up for the Healthcarevendors Daily.
Looking forward to your updates!
Dina, an apt description vapory and chaotic
Know the feeling you get when you see a colleague's website and it makes you sick?
Sick because it gives the industry a bad name?
that's a good one!
Omfg I'm actually gonna submit a video to AGT.
I can't believe this.
congrats on a great HOF career!
Hope to see u playing next year
In crunch time, bottom line is, Landoctor can't create his own shot.
I just think JR is a much more proven player.
Happy Veterans Day!
Thank you to the men and women who protect our freedom...
You have done more for us than we'll ever know.
Today we are futureforward.
I feel very cheated.
I thought marriage was for life.
Thanks for the FF shout out!
Cheers
I missed at school today.
about to coteach my first barre class eek!!
Out and about in L.A.
today.
Placing workshop flyers into Starbucks and beyond  anywhere that artists will congregate
that sounds like a sad life, my friend.
:o
I'm convinced the only boy I'm gonna love is my big brother.
I would watch Polar Bear's Cafe right now but its getting late D:
Going To Sleep Early!!!
Got To Get Up Early!!!
GoodNight!!!
:D
Noreen's first dumb move of 2012  lost keys found stuck in door this morning.
Smooth!
JCP nabs first commercial  as Oscars sponsor.
Def aiming to boost fashion cred w/ Mango partnership
I keep 1 eye open and 1 ear listens , only mind kind understand that.
Headed out of town Atlanta see u when I get back!
Bought me some new Nike Dynamic Support Lunarlon shoes!
They're black and red!!
Just booked tickets to Puerto Vallarta, Mexico for the weekend  leaving tomorrow morning w/!
Happy Thursday!
YAY, you made one!!!!
you're loving that ravens D right now...
first federal savings and loan association
RT : New restaurant going into Shockoe Bottom!
Maximo's will be Spanish  Italian, the best of two chefs!
I agree!!
They were awesome!!
I'd love to see the  spent just on the war in Iraq  how much it cost each American.
Yes, let me know the best way to contact you.
Thanks, Eddie
RT Counting it all joy this morning!
Like the new iPod you just touch her to turn her on Haha I love that Song
Just got home from a vacation where I didn't wear socks for a week.
I got a pedicure at some point.
It was pure bliss.
Went to opening of SD Humane's new neonate kitten clinic.
Dozens of adorable squirming kittens, now with a chance of surviving!
The marine layer is not playing right now...
Discipline, is the root word for disciple, teach/model to your childoctorn how you want them to behave so they respect you.
I'm here in Vallejo, CA to help a new customer w their new Wordpress website, seo, domain name and other information technology items
Mornin,.I won tickets off channel 99.5 to see u in Novi Mi but u didn't show up.What happen??It was a great club.
Thank you very much..
Haha Rome needs premium fuel meanwhile the jungle's clones just need gas.
:
I been getting ignored all day  I'm not liking the shit at all !!!!
I don't care what they think....fuck em to hell...well all met up soon,hahah!!
God don't let fags in heaven ;
Taxes filed.
Nice refunds.
Amy should get laid off and we should have a kid every year!
Whether we are together or apart, we are always in each others hearts.
Had a blast at GoodEatsCookingClasses today!
Created some amazing salads perfect for summer!
I usually watch all 3, but I've been so focused on work  the new house, I've totally missed ALL the races this year.
I bet if you broke away from Hollyweird, Spent time on my Ranch riding horses, just getting some outside quiet time, you'd love it!
I was really moved by the ending tonight.
that was awesome.
she was so excited.
Work ethic know no limits!
Yes.
And then have your pupils go crazy in the next room with the electric blue lights.
Visited with an incredible organization today and during the visit learned they love using tools from Support both!
we get plenty of that out here.
Whats the bloody music scene like?
Help me get to 55 Follow me,n follow u
No I'm jk
UnPatriotic at the very least.
They were bummed out today with gas prices going down, dammit!
Time to start blending Grasshoppers and mixing Margheritas
On our way to and saw Angelyne doctorving down Sunset.
hey what's up :
That's not good.
:
First assignment for Winter '12 is underway.
A bit of reference service history with Samuel Greenit got personal.
Remembering Dad and Grampa, and admiring all the great fathers she knows among family and friends.
Bless you for all you do.
5.11 Tactical and PMBT now working together Http://www.policemountainbiketraining.com
get on ooVoo
Where are my Patricia Kaas fans out there???
Just discovered her!!!
According to the office of enrollment...
and that's my understanding too.
yeah, I use to have a music recording studio with over 2000 worth of equipment but I sold it all when I moved.
I wanna film now
Will post soon.
Need to tinker some more.
Learning a ton fast.
Your vid helped, btw.
Love that Eric Holder and Justice Dept will review and investigate Trayvon's case.
Justice must prevail.
Battlefield 3 close quarters: because we're trying really hard to be call of duty.
She should get a divorce and settle down.
Jack Paar
...hey stranger, always such sexy pics :
What doesnt kill you makes you stronger.
Stock up on our Prevention and Recovery gear!
Go ahead, fill up the cart and leave the shipping...
Tell your friends to follow us!
RT: : on twitter n I wasn't informed smh
I'm getting sleeeepppyyy 
Nancy Grace on GMA was SPOT ON commenting on the latest student/teacher scandal!
I think I'm starting to really like her?!
Very exited to support with at our event on the 9th!
Come on out and help.!!
It's ironic and troubling that James Harrison is calling a devil when he's brandishing two handguns for his cover story photo.
...it's awesome that TheHelp is inspiring conversations about CivilLiberties for everyone.
GLBT included.
Truly warms my heart.
Congratulations, Chris!
I'm very happy that you've found a great TT position, although we'll certainly miss you here in Virginia.
Barber who says he faced off with turnpike gunman: I couldn't sleep last night.
Hear his story first on NBC 6 at 11am
the ipad is not all it's cracked up to be.
it's fun, sure, but you always wish it would just do what you need it to.
Read history and biography to learn what the great leaders did right  and wrong.
No reason to repeat mistakes or reinvent the wheel.
Wat up dudes
keep submitting!
better luck next time.
On our way to !
These guys rock!
rocking out at the klove tent at cheering on
Luv the Twitter Tuesday idea for charity.
How do I get my business mentioned?
scraps stands w/all his brothers  sisters in their struggle against the man.
supports all strikes  general insurrection.
happy may day!
where and why?
I missed the memo!
I can't keep my eyes opened anymore.
Good night everyone 
wow not even a mention ouch
RT : Thank you, mister President, for standing up for equality.
Yours Truly, Peewee HermanClooney.
oh the day is so beautiful in LA
Movers just arrived...time to unpack!
Slainte!
I hate when someone leaves my room and doesn't shut the door completely.
You'll be missed by fans  staff but we all appreciate your dedication to familytime.
Keep being awesome!
We have instagram now!
Our usernames are marisaofficial and michaelofficial!
If u have an iPhone you can download the app and share ur pics!
Creed, huh?
Obviously its bar close.
Im doctorwing a portrait of u if u have a fave pic Direct message me and i will tell u my info...
Oh my God I love having a juicer!
sorry fresh out!
Come and rest your bones with me.
doctorving slow on Sunday morning.
holy jeez just got back to game after meeting.
Okc yikes
Speedos or swimming trunks?
lost all respect for the wanted .
And the mic is off!
I keep hitting buttons.
I have a policy that I won't cover the cartels unless the publication has a kidnapping policy.
Welcome consensus seekers Thnx for following
S/O to our big bro  manager BiggestBusinessman FOLLOW
beerpressure, come doctornk on patio.
1 PBR, 2 Miller bottles, 3 Rails Tall any way and 5 TAll Sweet Tea vodka cktail 3pm to 9pm.
FirstDayBack and Im willing to like, jump off a bridge to escape these people.
Humanity is frustrating.
hey I'm at my appointment I will call u later!
please call this number 2547164646 Please its my friends birthday!
: She would be so happy!
: 34
Pray big; God will grant big things if you ask for them and are big enough to receive them.
Norman P Veale
Happy Pi Day geeks!
: 3.14
Hunger Games Puppy Bowl!
So many interactions with famous people in one day!
Prairie, embargo and stoic have also knocked out spellers in first round
Vizzda.com is your source for timely, accurate and actionable CRE data.
Check us out on Facebook, LinkedIn or by joining our beta!
you damn right its mine.
And I'm filing for custody!
Awesome to meet you, too, and thanks for bringing the power!
:D
somethin i have 2 tell u
I'm getting fat I need to workout some hopefully this summer I'll be able to walk the park like last year
Everything does happen for a reason.
i'm going to be so pissed if i can't get my license tomorrow...
What time is green flag tomorrow?
Feel the need to sleep late already
haha random but funny!!
We didn't realize that we have arrived at high tide low tide never made it out alive :
bad, bad comma splice.
For shame o educated one!
Starting to get offended by all of the DM Spam coming in the last day or so...
Stop telling me I need to loose weight spamers!
Beautiful Day
and to make matters worse, I just turn 25 like 2 weeks ago
Hipster, eh?
Looks like a nerd to me!
thanks for the text read to end your show today!
Lovers And Friends 
nowplaying Chucho Valdes Solo Piano, one of his best albums in my humble opinion.
Set gives a full perspective of this Cuban piano legend
Washington fans are bitter.
Terrence Jones is getting booed every time he touches the ball.
Luck is when preparation meets opportunity  Coach Gruden tonight on
Ok three APD squad cars in front of the house
kno what's not?
thats what im doing...
nobody believes or understands me
Ugh.
I never had allergies until I moved to DC.
Sneeze.
Sneeze.
Sneeze.
How am I supposed to work?
Thank you!
We're trying our best!
When you put it on its an invitation, when they play a song get on up an shake it
Does your resume need an upgrade?
Maybe it's time to dust it off and check out what new opportunities 2012 can offer.
No ppl can b bound 2 acknowledge  adore the Invisible Hand which conducts affairs of men more than those of the United States.G.Washington
Ha.
That was fun.
I'm a bit of a prat
wow that got my attention!
the tone, the seriousness, everything
Hot day in the Old town today!
thank you for being you stay awesome.
Peace grits and harmony:supasmiles
: Fuck ThatMomentWhen you see the grammar mistake a second too late!!
NO AlreadySent lol it happens.
Looking for single professorssionals in Cincy that would like to have 12 mini dates in a hour www.tristatespeeddating.com
Just retweeted  she's making great series of short videos on being camera ready, which more  more of us need to be.
The only man who never makes a mistake is the man who never does anything.
Theodore Roosevelt
Is it racist to support Black Businesses if you are Black?
Yeah, he was hittin it pretty hard.
best student question ever todaydoctor Compton why are all the freshmen terrified of you?
Brewers Cubs game has now reached 5 hours.
That is 6 innings of a Yankees playoff game.
Time to put work in practice wens night 6pm sat let's get this W sat C
It still ain't over yet...
We're totally going to win this thing
No man needed.
Your solution to opening bottles!
TwistAid an automated plastic bottle opener!
my little 5yr old sister's bday is in August.
Every time i ask wht she wants she says i want justin bieber to be at my party
We have a meeting tomorrow night at 8:30 in Rangeview 242.
Nominees for Exec Board positions will be giving speeches!
she'll be busy marrying me tho, sorry
OMG what acme do u go to lol.
my acme is right down the street from me n i never have any freaks pester me lol
That came across wrong.
I love the rooster, too.
Maybe not enough to write a book about it, though...
I got to get back to working out and doin my thing.
I need some motivation and a work out partner!!
Each day is a new day to do something different...learning to pray more and letting go of the old me as each new day comes to past..
not surprised at all We live in a let them eat cake society But those 1 ers lost their heads didn't they :
We will have to cancel anyhow.
BO.
So I hav ta sit here n hold her square wit a clothes pin so she cn hit it...
thanks for the follow
always takes my chats even if I usually am trying to chat with someone else
Looking at tech schools for my bf on my lunch  I admit, I'm a fan of these gainful employment disclosures
Hermione had her 1st puppy class and did so well!
She learned to watch me, target and sit!
It helps that she is treat motivated.
;
I will look into it
haha on this account, yes!
:
do you know if they used a catheter?
I really wanna know as much as I can to prevent further blockages.
This is exhausting.
Also, I should really update my professorle pic.
Now a delightful cotton candy pink, but I'm too lazy to have my photo taken.
In Boston
is so cool :
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed people can change the world.
Indeed It is the only thing that ever has Margaret Mead
SaySomethin IS MY NEW OBSESSION333
Cain is also a fan of the penultimate track on the White Album
I do use night guards!!!
And they help for sure.
But during the days...tylenol will have to cut it.
Packing the car up, getting ready to hit the road for Rochester.
Gonna be a rowdy show tonight!
Happy New Years for those who can't make it!
thanks for hanging with us tonight.
Fun times!
: we are diverse but do not fully accept diversity as a society.
Speaking at
that is to cute!!
and ur rockn my fav color purple!!!
do me a favor .
.
.
You have my  right?
haha okay I will.
Do you work today?

Groundhog Day?
All the blessings which you pray to obtain hereafter could be yours today, if you did not deny them to yourself.
Forever lives the spirit and legacy of the legendary singer and frontman of the Doors, Jim Morrison.
May u rise up in heaven.
RIP
Do you want Your Band Promoted, Or Event Promoted to Our Vast Network of OTG accounts?
Contact Call5922972!
What is the highest usable ISO on the nikon d3?
me too...I don't quite get the DM unless they are auto following every one who follows them
WANT.
Giant brownie in a cup...m
why do girls love Frankie he dont have talent really
folks come join us for some free icecream.
is right down the street from you!
truck is here!
ceaser salad is delicious.

boom
HEY RENEE!!!
Miss you!
Thank you Love for the Shoutout!!
Awesome paper you put out!
Great articles!
Keep it up  keep us posted.
; xo
My hair looks like shit today .
tweets SEE they are potheads and smoke pot around I saw it myself.
POT all over with childoctorn
Ill do as I deem necessary RT : Just don't pick your nose now carryon
Whoever scores first is most likely gonna win this game
Hi Christine I'm in Philly give me a shout if I can be of any help
Beyond brutal night for the Caps 
cowboys it ain't over yet ROMO is one tough bad ass man!
If disagree you do it...
All these big talkers couldn't wear his shoes
Sure do wish R.G.
could see how his advice panned out after not liking my style and crashing his retarded startup into the dirt.
Boxing great Joe Frazier dies at 67 of cancer.
We just lost one of the greats!
In a class shared by only a few....
Rising stock market doesn't mean economy picking up...
investors need a place to put their money..bonds not good due to future inflation.
hey hows it going bb on in a lil bit
Man, there goes 1 :/ What happened??
14 more ...
Ya know i need some new girlfriends all mines turned me down for dinner this weekend...feel so sad...lol...but I know they love me..lol
i saw today damn typo's
Wisdom is an inheritance which a wastrel cannot exhaust
SHOUT OUT GOS TO YOU..
EVERYONE FOLLOW OUR FRIEND..
Sorry about the mixup in trivia earlier.
Ack!
It's been a busy couple of weeks!
:
Southern France is amazing.
People are so friendly, the weather is warm, and the markets are the best.
I'm loving it here!
RT I'm terribly in love with the for having a piano open to the public.
Minnesota is so neat.
Just started crying after signed my tattoo.
He helped me so much and I'm not sure if he honestly knows.
you guys made me get yelled at :p
I like your face, sike
Did you find the pot o'gold Danny?
:
;C What happened to me on ur Bio?!
:o
possible autobiography title?
Paying to be Disappointed: The Matt Deapo Story
We're open.
Come in and get something green!
Snacking is good!!
Tomorrow July 7th  Woodfish  Bar Anticipation in Lake Como.
Visit www.woodfishmusic.com/shows for more details.
: I Can't Make You Love Me, but it would be nice.
I walk in the same fields
Good morning!
New day, new attitude!
You must be at the beer fest eh?
lol im kinda hooked to them now lmfaoo,we should pass the poster around school taking pictures with EVERYONE XD
Haven't played Reach in a long time.
Carried my team with 32 kills and 4 deaths that last round.
I still got it :D
i like jb
Hope you have a merry xmas taylor
a pinky?
Dude there's peeps on this site like 4,5,6 hours a day.
Lord have mercy.
What you gonna do to put good on your table?
what is that and who?
hahaha I'm sure!!
Guys always get caught lying but girls don't there so much sneakier about things
When someone says they love the type of music you listen to and when you ask them their favorite artist they say the most mainstream one 
.
a Gingrich presidential run, Bob Dole in the news, lycos.
It's like VH1's I Love 1997
np my kinda party by Jason Aldean.
Matt Tavis kicking us off today in London with the demo of likeability app  currently talking about the NASA AWS use case
Wanted to discuss a frontend development oppty for you or someone in your network.
Ping me or DM.
she definitely is.
That's only two things on the really long list of why I love her.
Lol
Stupid Words with Friends, fuck is to a word!
Most people aim at nothing and hit it with amazing accuracy
Guys a stranger on the street gave me a very explicit but very genuine compliment it was the highlight of my night
Go ray go!
Just realized that the Kentucky Derby falls on Cinco de Mayo.
Margaritas or mint juleps?
Has anyone purchased anything from  I just recently stumbled upon them and kinda love their items!
Pitt bros talking shit about CMU while walking to the bus stop.
At least we keep it to one bomb threat a week
thanks for correction.
Time is flying bye.
Late 90s were good old days for the greyhounds.
See you all tonight!
Thanks for the shout out!
Fire away.
Please note  editing articles other people have written is not possible, but you can add them and edit your own.
Don't overthink, just hope it's right.
seriosly???i'm stay in malaysia...nice to meet u!
RT I work tomorrow.
We do our best here sir.
Thank you.
at nlcinstitute this weekend at the c3center in woonsocket.
Exciting
thank you.
What is that site?

Man u can have all the clothes in the world and still have trouble findin something to where !
Nate Najar ticket giveaway today at 3pm at Facebook/BluesAlley
iced coffee
just now noticed.
Thanks for the FF mention!
i have a test tomorrow wish me luck?
Everything about that trip was hard
Oh, these dumbass assumptions people come up with 
They asked questions about it the entire time.
I liked it.
Learn how to have the best live show an unsigned artist can have!
Join us Tuesday night  Club Pyramid, NYC  8pm.
Info: 347 249 9441
that's my goal every conversation!
Polishing songs for the next recording.
Waiting for the moment it's time to put down the pencil and eraser.
Gym at 6, FOR NOW MAPLESTORY.
I refuse to go to this soccer game.
an i wasn't gonna diss you if you weren't a BVB fan.
Haha i was just asking XP
Although I don't agree w/how the RnR Hall of Fame runs most of their things  even though I don't agree w/all of...
been a good day, seen today nd was so excited!
nd iwanna say congrats to she graduates today ilove my cussos
Happy Trustworthy Tuesday!
This week, we thank for their commitment to ethics  integrity.
They were accredited in 2009
Kinda tired.
pc4pc???
thanks for RT!
Jesus is the type of guy who would look down upon you, and see the times you struggle giving you a helping hand.
If anyone has a spot to fill for Saturday, March 24th, we had a gig fall through and are looking to book.
Let me know.
Thanks!!!!
Love hearing that!
.
make your own damn sandwich, misterformer sandwich artist.
:P
Who disrespects a lady like that?
Bro, You do NOT know me!
Don't call me A bitch!
You doctornk disrespectful prick.
Nonviolence is one of the most potent weapons available to oppressed people in their struggle for freedom  MLK 13 April 1960
Yes!
RT : and you were on foxnews!
Omg this morning has been a mission!!!
So, good first week?
:
Loving Alain de Botton on Wish I could see him speak tonight at KU.
Good to see Chucky Chuck back on the scene Last Night!
: You have some official question answerers condoning knocking offI was just wondering abt this last night
bemoaning the lack of YA titles available in overdoctorve.
does anyone else want to scrap ebooks?
shower time.;
Just committed to babysitting.
Let's hope the little one doesn't attack me this time...
showin love frum sacramento ur music inspires alot ov people!!!
DBOY
Somedays you just have to put on a little messed up and wish there is an 11 button
Vintage clips of Steve jobs in the 90s.
Awesome.
people with passion can change the world.
That's what we believe.
Breaking: Danny Califf to Chivas USA , Chivas send the Goat to New York Red Bulls,  NY sends case of Red Bull to Philadelphia Union
I need to stop eating so much junk!
I am exhausted everyday
Debating what I should do about some ppl in my life smh
I got few people that want my car but the thing is I dnt know what I want next or afford Ugh!
did you see the BlackburnChicken ??
The Anfield Cats days are numbered!
Well guess I'm turning in my paper late.
Oh well.
Baking cupcakes now for my sister's birthday party at the beach.
O'side Harbor.
Come hang!
I'm not a happy Shocker today.
That was not dub state bball!
The faves right now are Good Feeling by Flo Rida, Tonight is the Night, and Stronger by Kelly Clarkson!
lol I know, thank goodness for DVR.
I never watch it live
THIS: weeden is gonna age even quicker with this guy upshaw rushing him...
We look forward to hearing from you about the events as well!
back from an excellent oneonone training in network analysis with cant wait to apply learnings to understanding info sharing!
Starting to love sports.
doesn't hurt that Every NY team is killing it this year!!!
Go Yankees!
Qi Gong session at 4130 Telegraph at East Bay Church in the parking lot led by Chef Toussaint with Pesto treats starting 8:30AM.
Wellness
Did you know we are facing a night of solar flares and potential power outages?
Our self image, strongly held, essentially determines what we become.
Maxwell Maltz
Hi my name is Kyia and i'm addicted to ice!
i understand : I'm not either haha
Plus, we can't really worry about doing anything internationally if our country undergoes national economic catastrophe.
Just posted new song Swagger ft.
B.O.B, and Real Name Chase all written and put out today!
download the song at myspace.com/lilmeta
And body builders....dont crush me ah!
I've got the brains, you've got the looks..
Havent Been Mentioned In A While .
Gotta love debilitating headaches.
Obama slogan: If U have 1.3 baby mammas per baby, we need your support!
Heading to the Guitar Wolf show tonight after work.
Gonna get yelled at by a bunch of 'leather jacket doctornk Japanese dudes.'
Shouldn't that be: I tweet, therefore I yam?
Ryan Braun just hit a home run.
Roids help you do some amazing things.
Sorry mini, me and vik are gonna hear out...
RT Take Me With You!!!!!
Lol
ROCKTHEBELLS2012 IS GONNA BE DOPE SHOUTOUTS TO NASTY FOR HIPPING EVERYBODY
The only thing on my Bucket List is to yell GET SOME!
while shooting at an oncoming horde of some sort, just before they overtake me.
good stuff!
welcome : Wow...So...We're FINALLY Here...Cali...Wow...fb
hey i am new to twitter i was wondering if i could get a shoutout or somthing?
thanks so much
Imagine Niall smiling at a photo of you.
Liam:You really love her, don't you?'' Niall:''More than anything!''
But I guess Affirmative Action helps fat people too
Cool!
My dad told me about it.
I wish there was more in the U.S.
History category.
Maybe they'll add content.
yay!
It was great.
Can't wait for Saturday!
Christopher Alexander:  Tunisia: Reflections on politics in the Early Second Republic
I love that she had the most memorable doctorss!!

music makes me very happy  
What is going on in the womens restroom on the ferry?
Girls stay in there for the entire crossing....curious, very curious.
where u
OMG We r really great doctorwers!
doctorwsomething is really bringing out my inner artist!
:
All buckwheat dumplings, all the time.
Is Astra actually on Twitter or is this wishful Tweeting?
It's 80sThursday at Student Services tweet your song requests!
Oh yes, always making time for fun!
I am off to Vegas this weekend :
If you love me baby this how you let me know dont ever let me go.
.
IT'S A TRAP!!
no seriously, you can spend your entire life working on your .emacs.d.
Or, y'know get some freakin' work done.
Don't!
We'll ask them to add her ghost to the show again ;
Follow them!
: Guys!
We're so close to hitting 1000 followers, lets see what you can do!
Help us get there!
good tired lol.
Running round like crazy.
How r u?
dm Our Business model was developed to generate and grow to 15 Million.
Growing faster than we can manage.
Want to talk?
Why cant I shut up
more AWS cost modeling; its all about the assumptions.
I am forever a Jonas Brother fan, I have been since they first started out and I still LOVE them
/Users/rubyirene/Movies/iMovie Projects.localized/My First Project.rcproject/Movies/medium.m4v
Wow, wow, wow.
Emotional, and unexpected events on Idol tonight.
thesave I can't believe it!!!
Tomorrow we'll be switching to a NEW menu.
Get here today for brussel sprout hash, salmon salad, pumpkin pancakes, pancetta fritatta...
Sometimes I wonder if I should just give up the hope of meeting then I remember I am going to London in 2 years
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY.
IM 16 :'
Thanks, !
About to have a big holiday sale.
Stay tuned if you'd like to snag one on the cheap!
:
Emma Stone is funny, and this is definitely the most I've tweeted in one day.
are you doing the math right now?
Lesson 1: Scientists are assholes and journalists are assholes.
it's bad
check your email.
omg I just remember we have a history test tomorrow!
If there's Two Hearted Ale, I might pack a pint glass in my panniers for when I arrive.
Hate getting your oil changed?
Let us help on your repair bills through social media.
he thought i cut my wrist becuz there was so much blood.
Considering how much I like people, generally, I sure do hate the sounds that they make.
Nice!
My husband would be so jealous!
Placerville/Idaho City?
stopped by the train while sitting on the bus...
I love for so many different reasons.
mostly b/c they're true blue.
Yes, please do!
We'll have some Indy adventures!
I don't care how the Mets do it...
Sometimes it's better to be lucky than good!
The average person falls asleep in seven minutes.
Excited tomo is the wkend that means catch up with !
x
There is no psychiatrist in the world like a puppy licking your face.
Ben Williams
SENIOR PROM :D 2K12 its time to party.!
RT : Our own shared 5 steps to B2B socialmedia success: Test, Segment, Amplify, Measure, and ?...
Just Got Off The Phone Wiff Eric..
Believe in yourself and all that you are.
Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle.
Aim High SE
haha...ok i got you
Why am I always hungry!
RT : As she will always be : mary jane was there for me today
Uh oh...
Me.
RT : People, people, people: Your websites are still playing music automatically.
Must I start naming names?
No, but seriously, I think that, in general, skin bleaching seems more dangrous than tanning.
Both aren't permanent.
ha ha.
I was also wondering if it was me or your skills that got me so much into the presentation
I Can So Yall Niggas...How To Be A Real Nigga..LikeMe!!
Why are you still a faggot .
sorry, thank you Jodi, best wishes.
Now you got both pages hidden?
C'mon speak to me.
You owe your boss an explanation.
; Dude .
Earlier , when i was taking a nap , this one guy texted me like 9 times !
Goodnight everyone!
After I finish listening to moments I am off to bed!
choose me or cuz shes been trying since last week :
amCaShouties to some awesome twits :D rich
Competition for Mayweather.
So exciting to see.
The very thought of going outside right now makes me want to shudder.
The wind is howling, everything is wet and it's too cold!
Ugh!
Any developers out there who specialize in deleting spam off of a wordpress database?
FollowFriday Givin' it up for the awesomeness that is
if i dont get on on thurs.
then im not on this earth if ya guys dnt hear frum me on thur.
then tell ,
I absolutely despise what I see in the mirror...
Wade and Zoe?
Ok everyone needs to follow that shit is hilarious!!!!!!!!
I'm gonna try and work early on Wed so I can head over then and then switch to a late shift on Sat so I can leave sat morning.
I really miss my fam doe and my bruddas:

cantt ever complain!..
Everything bless on ur side?
Albert Pujols Is Lost; A Vikings Stadium Vote  The Atlantic Wire
AA has assets of 8.3 bil to cover 18.5 bil in pension benefits.
Vote republican at your peril middle America.
Romney math 101 don't add up
its okay haha, no need to be embarrassed:
I am about to hit the gym
Ilaughalotwhen twitter suggests I follow some really boring celebrities.
Have some class twitter.
Interesting.
Would it have been more successful with no preview/teaser at all?
Thanks love :
I received my tshirt.
I'm looking forward to helping out the community.
what the CRAP.
how many weeks are you?
he needs a nickname...go marlins
follow he follows back
BRICK SQUAD
yeah, bale and modoctorc nonexistent.
will not be happy as a fan.
Thanks.
I keep thinking I'll read something to escape but I keep skimming my TBR and I'm not in the mood for anything.
guess what i ate today??
subwayy:
yes u should!
It's funny.
Enjoyable.
is delicious.
by far the best cupcake i have had in a while
Weird coincidences tonight...
doctorw an image of the mythical monster that crouches inside of you, send to , win a copy of her beautifully illustrated new book.
You won the prize on my HanukkahHoopla post!
DM me your mailing info?
:
Oh for silly!
those things you wish could are called experiences where you learn from them.
Good or bad.
I wonder if Fuld is getting jealous that another hobbit is getting the attention this year!
A SWA day.
OMW to Seattle w a connecting flt in Oakland.
Slept on the first flt like a baby.
About to read my celebrity gossip mag now.
We thank you as well!
Have a happy Saturday.
Have a safe trip and let's finish this round off in Kamloops!
No love for FSU  but I want Oklahoma to lose
I guess I need to start watching Scandal!
Everyone is talking about it!
I also need to start watching Revenge!
So wondering if the campaign link can be shortened within your tool before advocates click the share on twitter button
Thats a great spot for a Sports Authority.
My bad.
World Cup doctorssage Final not over.
But Ann Romney's horse still 17th of 18 going into final day.
Our goals can only be reached through a vehicle of a plan, in which we must fervently believe, and upon which we must vigorously act.
Hop to Lofty Dog Easter day for EasterBegg treat with every purchase.
Special Easter hours 124pm
I am so excited to see Ted.
Anyone else seen the trailer?!
Maybe we just see more of the complacent artists now because there's more internet exposure  but that doesn't explain their shine and fans.
Everything that seems to be happening in my life is stuff that shouldn't hit until my late 20s according to
Hello you!
Thanks for helping get the word out.
Hope your year is awesome!
Thank you kindly, Barry!
We'll make sure and let you know when the albums available for a listen.
cuz I'm Amy that's why , and can we DM , this is long lol
: Only black people act like dark skin  light skin are two different races.stealing tweets   
Small world.
I'll be at BNW tomorrow with Minneapolis.
and just when all hope is lost, you stumble on an submission from ...whoa.
Eight of the subjects of the Creative Hoosiers tour I just took at the IMA are buried at Crown Hill, plus others on our Artists tour.
As am I.
RT : We're looking forward to conducting the Young Artists Competition this year during the festival!
just for that, you are now my 2nd favorite
listenin to LOUDER this song is hot....
also KISSED YHUR GIRLFRIEND is the jam...
: lik them both
lmfaooo 3 if u need a lawyer u know who to call !
: FF follow for easy social media integration for you brand!
Thanks for the mention!
Thanks Ryan!
Yeh!
Let run into each other
I swear I'm in love with and
And she white praise the lord for me right now lord have mercy on my soul for this one
Why ignore me
RT KyleT493: I wish my fridge was stacked with doctornks like the guys from how to stock your fridge
I ordered them a few months ago...
And you cant beat the quality  price!
:
When girls say they are looking for a guy that's funny, we must assume they don't get humor.
We are single.
It HAS TO BE THEM!
I get myself into some interesting entanglements:
You're just mad he's not a Red anymore..lol.
To dilute the will to win is to destroy the purpose of the game.
There is no substitute for victory.
Douglas MacArthur
with U.T.
Basketball coach RickBarnes.
Really nice guy.
Visit our table today in the Union!
It took 5 minutes and 6 of my battery to sent the last tweet on ATT's lightning fast network
Faith moves mountains, but only knowledge moves them to the right place.
It is impossible to hum if your nose is plugged.
I miss back in the day when i could get my little brother to do anything as long as i said go fast, ill time you
I blame a lot on management.
The talent in the WPS was top notch!
Blackberry, I am so tired of your tiny little screen.
Bad news: my East region is a smoking crater.
As I was checking something, Miss read a Benny  Penny to herself.
Then we each read a part.
This isn't a memorized book.
You, But what's it about?
Me, Well, I was a skeptic of reports of people seeing Jesus in everything from a tree trunk to a bowl of soup.
Who just watched the Kings/Maloofs press conference from New York?
Wow.
some Villa in Africa the leader of the invisible childoctorn movement is facing charges.
And I've seen nothing to prove that
TaxAdviceTuesday Belize is the new Caymans: asset transfers to offshore banks r essential 4 avoiding US taxes and shielding ur hedge funds!
2006 CL Semi Finalists, 2011 EL Semi Finalists who beat Porto.
How is it possible that there is so many todo apps and none do it completely right?
Is it that hard of a problem to solve?
can't sleep but happy i pass my state board test
Watching the replay of the Giants game...Casilla's stuff was nasty!
I know too many dumbasses.
I love that idea!
This global financial crisis is brought to you by the global elites New World Order agenda...
Fav W.
Anderson in order: ROYAL TENENBAUMS, FANTASTIC mister FOX, RUSHMORE, LIFE AQUATIC, DARJEELING LIMITED, BOTTLE ROCKET.Wait, no one asked?
Why does this happen 2 me:/
elevator pitch: hi, I'm The Awesome Pulsifer.
U need my art n ur gallery.
Did I say I'm awesome  humble?
guaranteed 2 work!
when I'm done being sick with my sinus infection we need to have a FaceTime meetin!
The Silk Tie likes the Big Red Comic!
Need a sweet tie?
thesilktie.com
The term lifelong learning implies that there is always something more to learn.
Check out A1 styles on facebook Amazing specials  great talent
so is your Twitter account 0wned, or is this a joke I'm not following?
at least i get to see him smile :
Thanks to MKE Brewers Foundation for a very generous contribution to Guns, Grief and Grace film series!!
tell her to see the hit Adam Sandler movie, Clit.
What does your June look like?
Hello, Exxon.
I'm Perhaps you've seen me in such class action suits as Beating Big Tobacco and Kicking Asbestos.
I SWEA SOME NIGGA'S CAN BE SOME REAL ASSES SOMETIMES......
truly a Fun run compared to those HalfMarathons lol!
i need an intense deep facial.
:Joe Paterno is 83 right?
Is that his real hair or is he wearing a racoon.I'm 50 years younger and jealous of that hair line
Last day of school.: can't wait for Christmas.:
making muffins for this bum davonya
Matt Erlin presenting on topic modeling German novels of the 18th  19th century.
So , i'm thinking about deleting myself from this page .
it doesn't have many likes  it's not active .
so , yeaah .
Angel 3
Fresh faded and feeling Xrated.
thanks?
: lol.
what do you look like
Spam in my DM 
tweeting is believing 
The Man Who Sold The World: Bowie or Cobain?
I cannot choose.
I just can't.
I'm the lead singer in a new band, All The Little Pieces.
We'll be performing all over Kentucky and maybe even Nashville, TN!
:
One more cup of coffee before work, so I can punch holes in things that need/lack holes.
Best part of Hamilton's 4HR game?
Twitter banter that includes occasional reference to 4HR alum Hard Hittin' Mark Whiten.
maybe just a lil get together, liquor and kush all night type sh.t
i stay real conntected with my family.
We text all the time.
Cute top, sis!
: Dumpster fire.
Finding I really enjoy listening to Adele  Duffy
The 40 Rules of Love.
It's one of the best fiction books I've read all year.
Hi Jeff.
Thanks for checking out the Annnapurna stuff this weekend.
Are you affiliated with The travelers way magazine?
Eric
Gods blessed me so much these past 2 weeks.
so im good:
Lol was yesterday.
But today is white.
nice to meet you.
; I thought you were all set in that category??
My gym does not have the best ventilation.
I sweat more but so do all the hot LA starlets.
ThatAwkwardMoment when you follow some one RT them and give them a shout out and they help you gain 0 followers
Post your pictures at Taproom No.307 on our Facebook Wall!
Think I'll watch Orange Bowl on DVR.
7033 might put me in a better mood.
I sprayed my brother with VS body spray  he gets me back by spraying Febreze on me .
I better follow up with a just kidding.
You never know.
Blow that money like a candle !
i just killed ......
A FLY!
THAT IS ..
omg ...
i'm like so proud of myself.
that's pretty big.
Regardless, I'll be either howling or wearing a Burger King crown come the Finals.
Absolutely, I'd love to.
Will you attend any conference this year?
I'll be in Vegas for
I was helping out my good friend print!
34x22s.
We will be back tomorrow evening to continue!
It went amazing.
Damn, my fault.
I should've told you!
I wasn't there btw.
We need to convene at Hayseed Hill one day soon.
It's rearing in on 72 hrs before christmas and I haven't bought Any gifts yet.
Yup procrastination at its finest.
We won The Hard Rock battle of the bands tonite!!
Still pondering ...
RT : Hey I need help with Xmas ideas for Brandon.
Will do!
I got to see Alex last night too!
what isn't cool about writing bash scripts?
...well, probably a lot...
but it's cool as in tech cool I guess
340 in the second quarter.
Come on Blue, put up something.
Thanks, Hope all is well.
She knows that
is this a live feed Randle will be on?
How's yall bitches day goin?
I might have a jaffacake
Thank you!
Got my Lz back!
:
Just had lunch with Tim Forester  Boulder Brooks Landing.
Tasty !
Discussed how we can infuse jazz / blues into the musical lineup there.
I'm on a steady diet of Investigation Discovery channel.
No wonder why I have nightmares, but I just can't stop watching!
Smith coaches
'neoliberalism as creative destruction.'
RT : Too many traditional news organizations are not operating in the digital first formats says at
when i do it right, i don't get as hungry as i used to either, but my nutritionist has me to eat at least x calories
New texture.
Sigh.
Step 1: Switch type to Image, switch mapping method to UV.
Oh to have this be the default.
You have ruined my life, embarrassed me in front of alot of people, I dont understand how my parents can let you in...
I'm reading For All Time by Caroline B.
Cooney and North and South by Elizabeth Gaskell!
Wtf?
I walked away for a little bit and doctorb loads the bases?
That's not like him!
Get out of it Houdini!!
Way to go, Steph!
More peeps u should follow!
And I got a sunburn...
Including a worse farmers tan 
Tonight's Bollywood film sans subtitles I THINK the heroine lives happilyeverafter w/ her gay schizo murderer bf...but could be wrong?
Thoughts on desk?
Heard jazz band in Santa Monica the other night.
The kids were amazing.
My body forgot what it's like to lift weights.
Where's the Advil?
time to move out!
goodbye milwaukee!
:
NO STOP IT LOOK MAD GOD
lmao my bad my bad
haha yeah and cold stone :D
U Cant Say Nothin Bout Id Until U Try Id Doe..
But wanted you to know that you're me!
Heard Kickin' In and Shady about 50 times each!
Shaking my ass!!!!
The source didn't say there was no more bandwidth; said that to add a channel at this point, would have to have clear  benefit.
OMG It looks beautiful!!!
333
RT : The last time NC put an Amendment regarding marriage in their Constitution was 1875 when they banned interracial marriage.
i miss you
Slides support the words.
They aren't the words.
Think of the Disney example!
I can care who u like its just funny to me u jumped ship when u was the one talking shit that's all and it's funny
we haven't voxered in a while
Ok Bloomberg.....
Remember we're the one who offers FREE city wide pick up and delivery!!!
At , we want to always help out YOU out :
stop hurting BlockB and
Received nice card from John  Patsey of Jacksonville, FL.
Thank you Patsey.
Posted content on facebook if interested.
Thank you everyone for following !!!We'd like to send a special shout out to for all her help!
Girl: I want you to be my boyfriend forever Boy: I dont.
Girl: Why?
Boy: Because then i cant be your husband
I find that to continually remember who i am i have to look in the mirror of God's Word.
Psst...your owner is still Dan Snyder RT RG3 becomes a Washington Redskin today.
A new era?
God, I hope so.
needs to stop being a little bitch and leave
I got some jahlil beats type shit?
Need some like that?
I want to say Thank You to all the Greeks out there who are fighting to break free from global Banksters.
Greece is the first domino!
i cut watch,wits did?.
Feels good to audition for a character you truly connect with :
just gave my dog the PK Dick/Blade Runner Voight Kampf empathy test, she's realnow you GOP candidates...?
that was a great interview!
Congrats!
Please DM us your name, email addoctorss  where you are applying to claim your prize.
There have been days when I've resorted to office vending machine poptarts for lunch.
Print is dead.
Always, Always, Always, Always follow your doctorams and never let anyone or anything stop you from living your passions :
A broken Spirit...
the storm is OVER  the sun has broken through...
BUT Continued next tweet
same for yhu b he lives 20 min away frm yhu lol ..
Why does our life sucks
just might hit the sunset strip tonight!!!
Who downn?
look right you twitter name booty freaking cakes okay...get it right...
I want to do something tonight
Wrap up and stop playing on our side of the field.
I want to see 1st half's D back out there.
let'sgo
An ant always falls over on its right side when intoxicated.
I was saying your mom is love
Top 5 Topas bars in Tampa?
Any suggestions
I like the way you think!
great by the way i got my report card i pass all my classes i'm happy but my parents said i have to do better on science
Marquis Teague with the fresh new kicks
bitch I feel good..
BTW...best place for a hot pierogi is Grandma Helen's Kitchen on Broadview in Parma :
RT Getting my skirt blown up in this crazy ABQ wind.
Sorry, no pic.
// Darn!
;
New FB Pages private messaging tool: msgs were more negative than public.
Not integrating until can pull into their existing sys
Mary Kennedy, estranged wife of Robert Kennedy Jr, died of asphyxiation due to hanging, CNN confirms.
Diversity on Sherwood will be opening at 8 AM on Black Friday!!!
Tons of sales!!!
Come early!
8 am to 6 pm!
DT2 has sales but normal hours!
Looking forward to a great day tomorrow, Auditions for Aidan at NYFA....
Just had my sushi fix.
I'm about to go HAM on this nap.
RIP Vaclav Havel, poet and playwright, leader of the Velvet Revolution, and first President of the Czech Republic, 10/5/3612/18/11.
don't think that will work since I'm way down south in Griffin
I laughed so hard when you washed the chicken.
You're so funny!
Love your spa party.
Muybridge google doodle just in time for film foundlings week.
that sounds really good.
Awesome!
I went to school there  great school
for sure!
Sync.
Watched that video yesterday....
I was recalling where I first heard the concept of immortality.
And found the vid.
Move over Reggie, there's a new Miller Time!
Fact: workdays are long.
Evidence: the number of times I click I'm still listening!
on Pandora.
Gonna miss you.
Good luck with your next team
haha i heard that!
craziness!
worth it though :
My boyfriend and I went to a pub and she ordered a guiness, I was so disgusted I spat out my pina colada!
Awesome, happy doctorving!
RT taking one DT to pull permits!
Such an easy way to commute  the free parking is a bonus
I think an AAR session would be great.
I could talk from a public history side.
Boy Shopping : with
hahaha...true!
This is so not the parade I remember when I was a kid.
thanks!
It only looks good on accident, but thank you anyways : haha
: RT : Watch'n 4th and Forever
Got my first Xmas present from my wife!
A book of rustic terrines.
Can't wait to get started.
It's sad how people act when they get alcohol in their systems.
Learn to control yourself you look like a fool.!
REMINDER TODAY at 9:30am.
Rescue Of  Go Team GTTR Check It Out Have A Good Day
lol right I'd prob jump outta the car.
At the Movies.
Good Morning everyone!
You prayed yet?
If you got time check out...
God Bless
I have no idea what the fuck he said I'm just going long with it lol
y'all are some cutie bootys.
I'm pooping.
Zach
glad you enjoyed your treatment
I'm thinking about seeing Think Like a Man.
Heard it was good.
Oh hey, I got a job.
Mt.
Carmel HS was the last HSFB team to reach 800 wins.
That was last season.
When girls lie their ass off
We are born in this world as it all falls apart; 3
Having a great first day at the !
...and I'm fucking pissed off again.
Don't think this cycle is gonna change till you get your shit together.
It's still not fair to me
Doesn't get much better than ellie goulding on the subway this NYC morning
We seem to get so confused when someone else changes, yet expect others to love us when we do.
Always keep an open mind!
: I'm really liking this shave gel.
Thanks for the recommendation.
We are glad you like it!
Listening to Design Matters podcast talk with Maria Popova.
Can def.
relate to her story about moving frm Eastern Europe to US.
is this the Bruce Bowen theory?
1000 California Foster Care Homes Match Sex Offender Addoctorsses: Report  Huffington Post
you might not be able to under stand her sometimes but that the great thing about her she's amazing!
lol yea i wouldnt do it too :
updated the look on my blog.
Now if only I can remember to update the blog
So I just got back from walking around the apartment complex and I have never saw so many worms in my life it they were everywhere
Rackspace Releases 2012 Green Survey Results
haha what area do you live in?!
oh ya!!
Boo!!
Are you done with them all??
Oh!
Yayayayay!
We NEED to hang out!
Just getting home from work to my new king size bed....babies don't even sleep this good
we definitely do not want backpacks, but yeah a notepad would be worse.
I was hoping for iPads
Smarter than the average bear booboo!
;
If u cant hit me up before 10pm dnt hit me up period.
Cuz this aint that!!
not being sarcastic.
I agree that he's been sucking really bad, but I don't think it warrants booing him at the park this early
he got a twitter?
representing Wellesley only way he knows how: Seconded!
: Great session, !
NERCOMP12
ConfessionNight...my real name is Jasmine  lol
I be on my twitter shit, she be on tumblin
Good movie.
:
I will!
It's been a while since I've painted and all my supplies are just collecting dust.
Don't forget to comment once about your favorite reason for coming to Orange Leaf for a chance to win today's gift card!
the best around and I thank God for my team.
I think I am the type of person that would benefit greatly if I lived alone on a mountain with a horse to fuck...er ride.
Hate my life.
Headin over the carrierdome to watch and the number one orangemen play marquette
You're not taking advantage of the visual element of these video interviews.
They might as well be podcasts.
Wishing you a very wonderful and prosperous 2012.
So much to finish on my To Do list before tonight's TrailBlazers game.
Must get out of bed...
i'm proud of me and you, because i'm a good teacher and you learned some things in spanish on skype with me I'M A GOOD TEACHER
with friends with copious amounts of booze.
Man wait to Rondo get a shot he would be the best pg in the game.
The tent has been moved!
oh.
which poets?
Thanks, looks like you are doing some interesting work with timenetwork.
RT : god bless minimalism.
Great work
Man, fuck Sriracha.
Crystal is where it's at.
Submit your images of the U.S.
for a chance to win Blanton Membership!
Email them to sat15lop.com!!!
It's more a case of the iPad already being an awesome road machine, but then how to add capacity for writing productivity as well.
Holla!
I believe they are a little too bright for Grandpa Bill's taste, though he he
Kaiser chiefs and walk the moon!
Tabernacle tonight!
Thinking of you all
God is at home, it's we who have gone out for a walk.
Meister Eckhart
Enjoyed meeting you and hearing you speack when you were here at Lake of the Ozarks!
I am behind you all the way!
RT this and I'll TRY to make a long imagine.
Blanka : x
Just got done listening to 's new podcast, HeresTheThing and I loved it!
Can't wait for the next episode
I've never been a big fan of Hootsuite, or any other twitter app, but today it's really pissing me off.
Just fing work so I can do my job!
Sleeping while my parents do p90x
Boston baby
look for one called noki hd
It's Schnitzel Day at the customer site I'm visiting.
Schnitzel and fries in the lunch room.
But no beer to wash it down...
We have found a pair of glasses in a black case in the International Ballroom West at CILDC  please claim them at the registration desk.
Live life to the fullest don't be afraid to laugh and always be yourself.
There's no point of doing otherwise.
The cat who wants breakfast, there is no button off :D:D:D
the relationship i have with Alpha Cinthia Baez is a unique one because she doesn't trust me but she trust me with her kids
For the first time in life, I'm being antisocial...coworkers at the baseball game and I'm chillin'.
: 
Sings Here I Am by Monica
Molly Lynch shares research and tips for dealing with incivility.
Participants at PUP12 conference suggest sharing annoying behaviors
Hey Dudes!
is packed with some hot exec ladies tonight!
nw The Wood.
I can quote this entire movie!
Keep the change!
haha
yeah u right..
RT Great game!!
Congrats Kentucky !
U all were great all season.
check out the Europa Wrap up show tonight at 8pm est
Is gonna Kick!!
Chapter 2012 Page 59 of 366 In awe of the power of Viral Marketing.
a lot of attention so we decided to take
to much stuff should of been here
they're too expensive  I would have to take the sat or act
Yeah u right.
Stay up bruh......
how do i do that lol
Teaching is done, grocery shopping toough!So much to do tonightbut not before a quick nap.
Then I suspect I might be ordering Chinese food
no prob.
Others like hootsuite as well.
Both will get the job done.
Lmfao at aries spears making fun of charles barkley on espn
excuses excuses.
Shame on you little sister.
Life is what you make it so work hard and stride
Now that you take credit cards, it's possible that you will bump sbux down a notch  become my 1 addiction.
cc:
stopped in at  for a latenight snack and thought to himself that if he had to have dinner there every night, life would be just fine.
our school lol on the football field
so it appears that it does matter what kind of coconut milk one uses to make a whipped topping.
working on a glaze w rest of can.
It's been hot, sweet and milky vavavavoom.
Have been doctornking my coffee iced, however.
No one can change us.
When we know the truth, the truth gives us a reason to change.
Congratulations to on earning the 1 spot on this week's CMG Radio Network country chart for his song Love Doesn't Live Here!
CB radio expression truckers use over the radio to find people to talk to late at night on the road.
Got ears on.
please talk to me i act normol
OSU Libraries OSULibrary Study late at Thompson Library  now open til 2 am SundayThurs Spring quarter!
ha!
I will be sure to vent fully!
Thx for the tip!
: boarding now finally!
Your movies are terrifying and awesome
Aviva says CEO search to take all year
lol my friend said has a nice ass and she wants to squeeze it xD
indeed I am wearing them at this moment!

you got the gist of it, but its much broader, deeper and inclusive.
Remember me?
Which would you choose, true love with a guarantee of a heart break or have never loved before?
But annoying is an adjective.
Just being serious...and anal.
dude i see yuu!
Covered many protests.
NEVER seen one with more regular folks than hippies, more little kids than college kids  cops backing protests.
cool
Planned parenthood exec director at rally urges women vote in upcoming elections.
no ID needed!yells someone in the crowd.
Wiunion
Any Pro Wrestling Journalists or Fans want to chat?

I need a vacation Asap !
see you soon o.O?
It's been almost a week of not having to wake up at 3:30am everyday and I'm rediscovering what it's like to be human.
Interesting!
I haven't interviewed a bona fide musician since a show preview for Kansas a few years back, of Dust In The Wind fame
good luck!
:
Bite your tongue RT : I'm bored and the brewers gonna lose
Never thought that the Honey Nut Cheerios bee would be caught up in a sex scandal.
What Case Do You Have???:
If you don't make it onto the list for the Gates Foundation tour at mlanet12, there's always the New Member SIG business meeting!
:
hey, no texting and doctorving :
sweet!
Same here.
She was left sleeping on my bed while i'm off to work : i'm so sleepy!
Lol
Very True!
Good thing I am neither.
I do have tennants that struggle to get by every month.
I feel for them at times.
Biology with :
RT : BEER FACT: Beer is the second most popular beverage in the world RT if you think it should be
what the help does do to earn money, besides wear a suit for no apparent reason?
Autotiming has increased number of YouTube users adding captainons.
Thanks for your order of CleanStart You are going to love the results!
I've had it since the beginning Unfortuantely Hahahah
and that one thing is me!
But everyone has stepped up!
Okeey doke, can't wait to talk to you :D
So glad you came!
RT : Lots of useful nonprofessort info last night a NetSquared.
Wesley Faulkner was awesome!
I don't care what time a day it is...I'll eat cereal...I'm just bad ass like that.
What is stylish about faux fur that looks like you are wearing a mangy orangutan with a bad dye job?
Skip it.
Happy shopping
Happy thoughts today guys!
Its Friday.
I love working out to Santigold  Cursive!
WeWereCoolUntil you lied about having a twin to get more rations
Dude, I got Landsharks from last August!
Happy Mother's Day
The Last Policeman, Ben Winters upcoming book.
It was great the kids really enjoyed themselves.
They look forward to it every year.
Love your pix, have a great interest in crop circles...is there a group of cclovers amoung us?
: Six o'clock comes way to fast completely agree.
But it's good you worked.
For, you know, the pay and stuff.b

Do you have anything else to say to your Mother?
Means as much to me as Dungy liking RG3 more than Luck, which would be absolutly nothing.
I dare you to let me be your one and only..
Delusion is when we think love doesn't matter.
I wish!
Can't wait for my
We work harder at trying to be who others want us to be than we do actually figuring out who we are.
My challenge to you today: Be You!
OurkidsASD, our sister company, is selling MOTHER WARRIORS, Jenny McCarthy's new book, AT COST for just 13.50.
That's less than amazon.com.
RT : Congrats to on signing a 2 year lease extension!
I recommend you check them out if you haven't already!
Gr
Hey , any good venues in Orlando that you can point us to?
Maybe we can play a show with you guys on the 26th :
I wanna start back going to church !
Lol...
I don't think you can.
Omg ikr!
Haha nice to know I'm not the only one :
I'd rather have the enemy that hates me to my face than the friend who hates me behind my back
Accordingly to regulation, if said pepper spray is made a component of the pizza, then the resulting pizza has become a vegetable.
Power outage in the Engineering Building
has a cooking show?!
Best.
Study Break.
Ever!
DM We would like to update you on an engaging curriculum bundled with a dedicated digital textbook program we are leading for WI.
fuck yeah.
Fuck them all!
It's time to take care of you!
Amazing pizza  pingpong!
is giving 35 to on 4/26.
You wont mind waiting for a seat.
I know I will not get a reply from u because it is impossible !and I know that u also can't reply all who admire u !
Testing the galaxy s
Thanks for the retweet Adam!
Almost twenty years now and I am still loving you !
Chris Anderson is way too clean cut to be a pedophile

Thanks for the RT.
See you at one of the upcoming Summits.
Wow this new  video is comin out crazy coming soon so stay tuned
Starting a new website..!
HOLLA at a CHAMPION on Wednesday Dec 2 at Karma Lounge, Greenwich Village, NY for the Tastemakers party that night!
Happy Hump day Boston!
The recording for our new EP is nearly over!
We hope you guys are ready for this....
Crud.
Just realized I forgot to prep for a work meeting tomorrow morning.
Need a file I can't access remotely, didn't bring my laptop.
Grr
...first world problems, I know.
Bein an Indian tonight 
story of our lives.
whatcityisthisagain?
Try The BC on The BIRNBerklee Internet Radio Network with DJ BiGMAN for the new best music coming out from the UK!
How many of you ran the Dick's Sporting Goods Pittsburgh Marathon yesterday?
It was a great day for running!
Super excited for today's BIG performance vs watch me live on
your right.
Your totally right.
Your eye is twitching cuz how I'm using your.
Not in person yet.
I'm not sure what I would do with two Michael Schechters in my life.
Hey, my favorite Beth!
: Doing well, working on a new category romance.
How's writing by you?
props to your late studying tonight!
In 13 hours I'll have your champagne ready for ya!
right now with Seattle Alumni  Come have a glass It's HappyHour WAWine aef
Great Woman'sDay reggae concert last nite w/ 2 of the I3  an amazing 7 year old girl poet.
Met Mutabaruka,reconnected w/ an old friend:
Ridiculous.
Did all that media really need to be there?
RT Jets had over 200 credentialed media at Tim Tebow presser today.
Everyone is a hockey fan all the sudden??
Ok...
What Pasco County company won Florida's Manufacturer of the Year in 2011?
A marathon is just a 10K with a 20 mile warmup.
marathontraining bostonmarathon via
Thanks v.
much for feedback!
I will compile these comments from you  and pass them on to discuss w/the team.
Awesome.
Any epic plans?
Rep.
Mason: We have a proud tradition in this state of the WI idea...
Let's talk about what the UW system means to the future of WI.
I'm doing the only thing I know how live my beautiful life
I appreciate your confidence!
wearing some right now!
no RT Ciroc taste so much better than Grey Goose to me!!!
but yeah, occasionally they really hit the mark
listening to from discussing user experience innovation
DontYouHateWhen you get to taco bell and its closed!
RT : Actions Prove Who some1 is, words just proves who they wanna be
Hi Jon, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show.
Kicking off the Dietitian Summit with a fresh smoothie and info on the GotMilk campaign
Lol...
On to the next one
mornin lol sorry we r super late
Ah SDN you never fail to please
there are just too many ways to go with that one that I can't even respond to it.
Joke overload...
we are so happy to be on your shelves!!!
but not as happy as we are when fly off the shelves!
the 2001 I just read about from sounds delish
WE LOVE making it a wonderfuller day at Park Here everyday!
RT Big shoutout to Everyone melts in your furniture
seriously i don't know if anyone told you this, but a teacher kind of has to talk to teach
You should come study at Bulter with me.
Just walk on over, I know how much you love your strolls.
Creating allnatural soap for sensitive skin
Happy oneyear anniversary to Mandy and Lucio Gonzaga.
where did you find it?!
Nationwide Verizon 4G outage
come on
Why couldn't it have rained when we were stuck in a museum?
Why now, when we must doctorg our bags up and down bridges to bus?
BAD Venice.
remedial balling and striking ...
Damnit!
of you saw THE AVENGERS!
I DEMAND!
you to take me tonight!!!!!
In Lancaster for Chameleon show tonight.
off to Indy for a few days :
What's the purple zucchini?
A Sasquatch?
congrats bro!!!
People honestly need to stop moving their mouth and just listen.
U may think da grass is always greener on da other side but if u take da time 2water ur own grass it would b just as green
Watching these Spurs blow there big lead as usual
Have they ever had a first kiss?
Amber Schlosser from Indiana!
No twitter, Facebook, Google, or much texting for the next two weeks.
Game faced!
Wish me luck on my finals!!!: : : :
The fact that you just said the coloreds tho...
that's my cue.
Long time.
What's the news?
I'm eating everything in my sight tonight...
luv affordable great wine  anyone can find a great expensive wine!!
The challenge is 15 or less.
Keep up posts like this!!
of electronic files for print or machining operations
Nothing, I'm just venting, not serious!
Monta Ellis Named Western Conference Player of the Week
haha o well we will just forget it.
Thank YOU!
So glad you had the time to register and check us out!
Feel free to give my code to others you think would enjoy!
i love how your words mean something valuable: thats a reason why your my idol3 love you xoxo //
I love my group of friends.
Love love love them :
Good for you!
That rocks!
Got a new space...
Getting the keys on Tuesday!
who could deny these butterflies?
Google ad asks: Done writing your poetry?
I hear my grandmother's voice, doggedly correcting young me: Food is done.
You are finished.
She's worked with tons of people.
I don't think she views Gaga any differently than she views Nicki, Britney, etc.
Time for socializing !
See you guys there!
just digging into the new book.
Its great!
Thanks for the /grams measures!
Any signings in Milwaukee?
it's a shiny brown lol
I looked it up haha.
Pshh I'm dying to try out nando's though!
best google doodle ever
I think my body is shutting down forever.
It's either Jappy Juice or the muscle relaxer the nice black guy gave me last night.
That's very 007 of you, Jen.
Sorry my friend.
is most boring tweeter ever.
about to unfollow...
HAHAHAHA at least your brother can tolerate them!
my brother hates them
Trust issues  but I have them
seems like fancy foxnews rhetoric for: we don't have any real intentions to end this war.
A3 but ask that question in a year or 2...with companies going public and having to make money
Two questions 1.
did you go to jr.
prom and how much did you like it?
2.
will you feel terrible if you miss sr.
prom?
Go to SD
Girls tell you how they feel, guys don't ever say how they're feeling.
Therefore, guys are more confusing than girls.
Starting my Friday off with some ancient aliens 
As long as you love me..
Happy birthday !!
Love ya like a fat kid loves cake!
I'ma live life live, I'ma get what's mine.
Autotrack is great for tracking info, says Alec Klein ire2010, but pricey.
We use Knowx.com at Sunlight, cheaper dbase.
RT : its that keeperstatus that got them lining up lol yeh u right
I wish I had napped longer.
Or slept better to begin with.
What is the 1 thing you can do that will have the biggest positive impact in your life today?
Do it!
I don't care about your imperfections, that's what makes me adore you.
:
She gave me some nasty ass EmergenC .
Ew 
I have to play games on my retina iPad with iPad 2 graphics because the developers haven't updated yet :/
GOODMORNING FAMILY  FRIENDS, I WISH EVERYONE A WONDERFUL  BLESS DAY.
AND KNOW THAT GOD WILL BLESS  WATCH OVER YOU.
holy crap this is aggravating I just have to show it to her I guess
Now I won't have anyone to cuddle with all night :
Nba Playoff's April 28th .
what if you instilled an system of relegation by average like they do in Arg.
it's complicated but saves
Hey if you like metal would you give us a listen: we put up a new song some kind of fake :
Yes please!
I'll take a Chicken Roti,right now!
: i need someone to create a 24 hour roti delivery service.
Support the Artists!
Follow these dudes and tell all your friends about these guys.
yup, its killer.
no flash all HTML.
Need v8 or v9 of Chrome.
was it that obvious?
I just really like steamed vegetables STEAMED CARROTS
Well, that went fast.
The 10 half price cornelius tickets are gone.
Maybe we'll do it again soon.
We'll see if we can doctornk away that unnecessary desire for success
Nice day....need something fun to do!

Three Men And Hartmuts Face.
stayed home today..
hah.
Struggling to fit yourself in the puzzle of life?
When we allow ourselves to be placed, instead of forced  good things happen.
A day without laughter is a day wasted.
Enjoy your monday everyone!
Not too observant if he didn't also notice the Wall Street bailouts.
aww I call ur ass to see if u wnt to go to da zoo
Apparently my phone didn't receive any text messages after 1130 last night...been hearing from people that i ignored texts.
I didn't!
:
so excited to partner with you guys!
Listening to Chief Flynn and Margaret Henningsen speak at the MANDI Awards.
Great MC picks.
you probably wouldn't care, but imma still tell you anyways!
Lol well, today I had my first break dance battle and I won!
:D
Why do I love you ?
You don't even care ..
Brewers split squads are both down in the 3rd inning.
40 Royals 30
hit me up so i can link up with you before partyriot may27th ...
its LOS ...
get at me
welcome :  thanks babe RT : 8:09  what time does 1st period end?
Are youu serious?!?!
:D
Hitting the studio in the am......
Chinatown Coffee Co has 808s and Heartbreak the album
what, are you doctornk?
No, learn to read.
Formerly means not working there anymore.
Where is the Whiz going?
hahaha you win this time.
Yankees suck hard right now.
Omar and the yam.
Jesus knows the powers and pressures of this world; He loves us and wants the affection of our hearts.
Danny Granger and Paul George swap for Melo?
Would it work?
Thank you for the retweet friends!
Raise your hand if your highered institution has a committee on committees.
sharedgovernance only in higher education
I want to go to Yen Chings Friday.
Who wants to go?!
yo gabba gabba called they want there anal plug costumes back
Oomf just sh!tted in the public bathroom..
smh lol u know who u are!
One is too many.
And we ouuutttttt
Hey Josh!
I'm already wanting this next season to start!!
What types of players would you like the Pack to doctorft this year?
is silly 
And on that note....bout to put iTunes on shuffle and take a long shower and sing with the back scrubber.
Brining mommy starbucks to her school in St.
Pete today after my exam GOODdaughter :
Asking: how can I channel my creative flow now?
Feel joy, be effective?
arizona is totally ripping us off!!
actually this store called agaci.
It's like forever 21
is playing at RiverfrontTavern.
Makes me more and more in the love with this place!
salarmyweek.
Compassion for people in crisis.
I am part human, half alien and a quarter brat.
only fags watch super bowl commercials
Sitting by the bear with paws in the air, waiting for something to happen.
I am really confident they will understand a lot of new stuff below than anybody else!
Touch it by monifah my jam bby!!!!
Fsck you and the tired meme you rode in on..
i am officially done with my senior year in college...now onto my 5th year.
senior year again.
Enjoying a Southampton Keller Pills at Best summer beer!
Was just talking to a friend abt the MS store.
Did you buy anything?
We're so very sorry to hear of Maurice Sendak's death.
Goodbye King of the Wild Things.
wish I could be there
GetBetterCam cause the fans LOVE you!
3
Cooking up some breakfast.
Starting my day early.
Celebrating child abuse prevention in Louisa great group of folks focused on strengthening families
RT : I think it has a lot of potential, I genuinely liked your site: BUZbuz / Thanks much!
We hope so, too.
i think it's because faulkner's name is part of the Matilda tattoo on my arm...
Happy Morrison Day!
I love your new pic!
Miss you!
i know the Giants build through the doctorft, what i'm talking about is possible scenarios is all
not to be critical, but our local post office needs more window people compared to those that send packages.
Believe in yourself!
Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy.Norman Vincent Peale
Hey Rated N.
No, I didn't watch it.
I read about it.
it was so bad.
Ah atleast she's trying Lol
We have so much time and so little to do.
Strike that, reverse it.
Roald Dahl
RT : Here's to you mister.
Robinson.
8/23/2010 How Calls to Action Can Generate Monster Leads Marketingprofessor
Ima send some awesome presents to and ;
JOHN GLENN!!
Not everyone around you is your friend, remember that.
Sorry.
Now back to your regularly scheduled programming
BasicEconomics  Capitalism is a professorT AND LOSS system.
Funny how lefties never emphasize the risk of loss those evil capitalists face.
fresh perm...hair looks  feels great!!
hello friends!
we come to rock toonite at burt's tiki lounge 313 gold sw w/ and Broken Water
Happy Birthday!!!
Ulcers are caused not so much by what we eat as what's eating us
thank you  for the FF yesterday!
Yeah, I'm super chill now ; Hope you are doing well!
Ok maybe I'm not going to sleep right away.
Thought that only my Facebook has been hacked but my twitter too...
Happy National Raspberry Tart Day!
of course.
That's on now?
I wasn't expecting it until Christmas.
God damn I don't want to go to class.
If you disturb or interupt me while im in my process, i get so freaking pissed off you dont even know...
I have been searching for a lake home around the madison area.
If you have a property or know of a listing please let me know.
Below 600K.
Per Ann, Mitt is really wild  crazy Especially when he dances on his Krugerrands!
The Friday office adult doctornk is a straight gin and tonic
2011.07.03 Twins 9 Brewers 7  The tables are turned / Crew returns home happy that / interleague over
It's 10:45?
What?
When did that happen?
A woman bought you into this world so why disrespect one!?
thank god atleast ill get to see some of it
Is his Twitter handle?
Is he now aware of your love?!
Sign 1 that my gf hacked my Pinterest account: I don't know that many people who repin awesome looking recipes.
Which memories in your life would you choose to erase?
Thanks!
RT : good looking out..
I'm on it
A productive day ahead.
:D
: Aries are not airheaded.
They're one of the smartest signs.
i love nature as much as i love you
hell no, that dude was ugly!
Holy fucking pain
Hey Crazy Train car commercial kind of weird to me.
They're using a song about heroin addiction to sell Hondas.
Senior scholars need to take the lead in online publishing experiments
Oohhh he reversed it
Question for any school libraries w/Overdoctorve: what is average price per ebook?
As in how many ebooks would a 2000 credit buy?
on a mission to find a great skin care line.
just don't want that lost, saying something didn't matter is a strong statement ;
Had an amazing week in Nashville!!
Can't believe we were in the same studio at the same time as Faith Hill and Keith Urban!
What a week!!!!
How 'bout those Avs!!
Winning a shootout 54 in Detroit.
Love this young team!
Yip scored winning goal.
Cuz you thought there was more to us but you knew how this would end its gonna end how you expected girl youre such a masochist  I ask why?
That amazing moment when you figure out how to fix something that has been frustrating you.
I never knew nats could bite...
50 more invite codes just sent out!
slowing down to live fast.
Sometimes being a DD is more fun than doctornking.
Tonight was an example.
Ugh thunder!:/ i dont like it!:/ But everyone be safe!: Hoppefully the lights dont go outt!
When the fuck are they going to open a One Direction store in LA??
what was that math site again?
MT : weather forecast makes me happy to be traveling to Green Bay for A bit of respite from upper90s stickiness!
.: Example is not the main thing in influencing others.
It is the only thing.
Albert Schweitzer
I'm leaving for FL for a week on Sunday  beach for a week!
P
Maybe they know something we don't.
Yes!
Let's do it!
When Robin can pick up a fork.
When your gf doesn't go to the same school anymore /: but she's not going to school for a whole week just to go pick you up3 :DD awe 3
Eddie RT : Samantha : RT SMG don't pick Eddie cos he sucks, so pick me.
yeah and i get that a lot
Where is that at?
Karaoke Spin Class
goat cheese, Swiss chard and caramelized onion makes for a great quiche
Don't let our 50 off CanvasPop deal pass you by www.crowdclick.com!!!!!
Sometimes its just me making jokes in my head w a serious look on my face.
I am resisting the geek in me to go see The Avengers...
NoPointforSecond Wow, that was amazing!
The judges made Season 1 unforgettable by choosing chris rene!!!
thanks!
miss ya girl :
My CD Coyote Blues is available at Electric Fetus.
It is in the Roots New Release section.
It is also available at Hymie's Records!!!
Idk how my phone is working.
God loves me.
Wife just had another baby, its a girl...but now im feeling the effects of parenthood, AGAIN
Awesome.
Awesome!
Funny thing, I was just thinking about the need to start tackling this stuff again.
Perfect timing!
AirConditioners are rated by tons of refrigeration produced by melting 1 ton of ice in 24 hours.
Skinny is back
People who get on a plane with an uncontrollable cough should wear a mask
: A little early, but tequila shots for everyone!
CincodeMayo Never too early.
Whip out the Patrn amigos!
Back to fuckin' business.
I am hating life so much right now.
And no, not because of my previous tweet.
The love of my life keeps eluding me!!!
We love you guys!
Thanks for all you do.
Minding My Business is a full time job, so I Won't be minding your business cause it doesn't pay a damn thing.
LOL!
Lisa Morgan
This too shall pass.
Always gets me through the rough times!
Bought a carton of banana milkshake and I'm now doctornking it out of the carton in school
Richmond truly is a shit hole.
richwhat?
my heart goes out to the woman that lost their lives tonite on lake and cicero in a car accident!
smh
That's weird, it just came up fine on mine and other people are voting.
Maybe you need an updated plug in or something?
YAY.
A STORM.
and i gotta go to school in 30 minutes how cool is that?
You and I will always be together
How you react to success, says more than the success itself..
from my exp not really.
Too much theory, not enough skill building
That one kid in your class that always has to remind the teacher we had homework.
that's ridiculous how are you on the phone at the same time?
Great reel!!
You're so cute!
Dis bus is so ghetto as fuck
Good morning!!!
Happy Good Friday everyone!!
Remember me and bare in mind, A faithful girl is hard to find
Cute clothes :
All this trouble for people that only know how to turn left?
we'll be in the air reading at the same timeperfect!
Can em each other our thoughts when on the ground again  cc:
Spirituality for LGBT Blacks is also a predictor of happiness.
The more spiritual one is, the more happy one is
probably coulda bribed me with an offer like that haha
Thanks, Tina!
So yeah....going on a roadtrip...via the TRAIN today...I am nervous, excited and scared...OH MY!
:
At an EPA workshop on connecting mobile/internet apps with air pollution sensors.
Lots of discussion around making complex data usable.
I love how Justin cares 4 others  would help like charity or even visiting ppl in the hospital like mister bieber 4 ex: he's just so sweet :
February is AmericanHeartMonth.
How do you stay healthy?
superchic!!love you lovely disco!
Thanks to everyone who has been praying for me and encouraging me as I set out to begin a new chapter of my life!
When is a new vol.
of Top Chef Quickfire cookbook coming out!?
I want one!
You can get a webmd app?!?!?!
You know how much easier that'll make me diagnosing myself with cancer everyday?!!
Sounds like a great idea!!
I may have to come to Tallahassee for the Grand Opening!!
it took me half an hour to figure out how to tweet on the new site.
You know you are getting old when the candles cost more than the cake
What's up what's good?
Singles 35 n up come on out to TryOuts for our singles cocktail party.
Located  Babcock  Eckhert
.'s fave dance instructor is Maurice Johnson of !
Thanks for sharing.
you snap your fingers when you argue ButYouAThug smdh nope
when next year?
If next year hell know im not stupid rose and deng are out till at least january of next yr lol
you and your broo are the best .
:
I will be participating in another Flea Market on May 19th....More details coming soon 
NONE Of My Relationships NEVER Have Trust 
Good Start To The Night With Those Sorry Ass Celtics Losing, These Old Ass Spurs Are Next.
ill trade places with you!
Get me out of Wisco!
YeahILoveThat u r with me nomatter what ppl think..
wait till we get to the steak pics...
.thanks for the follow..
SO happy  proud to have worked on 's mag, EVO, which is up for a Marketing/Comm award!
Yay!
Watching Scandal.
My god, it's pretentious.
I would send them, but I know that it's just not enough.
My words are cold and flat, and you deserve more than that.
Booking models in Naples!
well I was judging on performance and they both give an awesome performance with dancing and singing simultaneously
Color blind people are probably wondering why are all these people wearing red today...
A dusty bible is a dusty life...
In parked car at IKEA with two sleeping kids...jealous?
RT : Quick poll: You watching Tiger or Elite 8 today?
I can believe that.
You're a whirling dervish glad you are well.
Take care of yourself.
F that, all in!
Mods don't take s from anyone!
u nuh why because u should have come to NY lol
you had the weirdest comment.
So i came up with the best i got lol.
Its the same as people putting balls of cocaine up there
The kids are gettin ready for a shoot in Snoqualmie this afternoon.
Hoping the rain stays away.
New Album Update: Things are happening.
Stay tuned.
play Gone
:That awkward moment when someone gets Instagram and instantly thinks they're a professorssional photographer.
I'm ready to start school monday
lazyy..
I had to leave an hour early anyway 2 catch 2 buses.
And on 47th and cicero..
650 utilities included..
how can u tell me if i care or not ?
No man succeeds without a good woman behind him.
Wife or mother, if it is both, he is twice blessed indeed.
1963.
Harold Macmillan
Great project on coexpertise!
Science and art orgs have a lot in common  letting go of authority is a challenge!
I'm not a smoker, but if I were, I'd peace out for a break about now...
We are sorry?!?
What an ongoing disgrace to the church.
Going back to MSB tmisterfor another round of observations!!
: montessori Can't wait to see the little kiddies again!
G'night peeps!
any future plans to bring Data Dive to Detroit?!
Never subscribed with RSS...wish I had earlier.
Love following through Google reader, too.
Makes things easier!
It kind of evens the playing field again.
With Rose healthy, the Heat were never making the finals.
thank you!
Whhhoooooo it's Sunday.
Have a blast at church everyone :
Or get new adjectives.
:
It's time.
: Mike Leake is 05 Reds
they picked him up??
u know it
The '60's version of doctorgnet was silly.
I'm assuming the guy wasn't a hippie, though: it seemed like the criminals usually were.
umm no u do dang u know his race ;
Love watching young singers perform.
Theatrical cut.
I need to stop saying words in my head and not typing it out.
alright ..
see you then
it's not bullying if you do it behind his back, right?

In America any boy may become President and I suppose its just one of the risks he takes.
Adlai E.
Jr.
Stevenson
is the TRUTH.
Can't wait until my next appointment!
Rep.
Jenne point out that the business groups supporting bill for insurance companies actually operate insurance companies on the side.
Ouch
I'll take it to you while you're in school
Join the Friends of Globe in the GD lounge.
We will be walking over to Main for the 2:30 meeting.
I just got another DM from a biz saying We wish you would follow us on Facebook I should DM and say I wish you'd stop with the DM's
Heated enclosed PetFriendly Patio is perfect for any occassion especially HAPPY HOUR!
Friday, Friday gotta get down on Friday...
I know i hope i do get to travel and shit one day!
sounds fun..but for now ima cali fool trynna survive hahaa
Just finished a wonderful banquet honoring our RCD seniors!
We'll miss you all!!
okay i got 1000 tweets just about you, but when will you tweet something about me ?
D: 3 i am waiting :
The entertainment i'm getting from watching this moshpit and eating quesadillas
''there's a lot of great almosts out there.''
i haven't seen it, but now i want to
right , right , but I just got me these pf's they cold.
Some nice Rockwell calendars coming up
Oh, I don't know!
That would be wonderful!
RT: they going to sing as they serve?
Cast of A Christmas Carol preparing dinner
Oh studio time today!!
Q4: We just have a picture of our log.
slow falling snow
be jealous
Hi Doug!
Good to see you here on Twitter.
Hope it works for you.
Sometimes hard to get into the swing of it.
Right now denver needs a big with fresh legs like mozgov or koufos...
What are we doing about requiring building owners to maintain the current historic buildings?
Do you have kids?
Check out the toys we have at www.dealshow.com up for auction right now, most start for just 1 or 2!
Tonight I ended up singing Mimi for the first time in donkeys years.
It still holds such a special place in my heart.
Crazy Market Selling Homeowners have to do more to sell your homes now than they ever have had to before.
Why?
The crazy economy and real
They look great!
I love having my Twitter handle on my business card too so much easier than having to write it on!
can please follow me??
I'm low on love right now
So many couches so many fires
Late tweet oops 2.50 Tuesday!!
Qtr lb Regular Beef, or Polish Beef
I know Bills fans split on VY.
But I truly believe he gives team much better chance to win game if Fitz is hurt than Tyler Thigpen.
Just bought SisterOfMyHeart!
Have you read it?!
Be still and know 'I AM' God.
Psalm 46:10 Give yourself the gift of stillness to know your connection to God, Lovingkindness and
Congrats!
Deserving.
Eagles and freeagent G reached agreement on a 5year deal, 25 million deal, including 7 mil gtd.
I'm going to be sick of the NFL.
Of course I'll watch because I'm a lemming, but I will complain until I fall off the cliff.
Need a cut with Lauren today?
She's got an opening at 3 or 4!
Who's gonna take it!?
Of them all gonna be with you.
Gretchen can cut 500 pounds of USDA Grade A beef and make it to the ashram by 6:00y night.
She's a real superstar.
Pierre is trending!
Go Saints!
Time for a bike ride with on this lovely Sunday!
lol im just riding around wit my bestfriend tryna kill time luv
My throat must have the devil in it!
Why am I being cursed?!
yea dude gotta love that emotion.
Dirt nasty shot from the woods.
Aw, how sweet you are .
Thank you.
How are you?
Are you going to the BTWBall?
That awesome moment when Austin Mahone says
Happy Monday!
Another beautiful morning at Pineapple Willy's Beach!
After bringing the hurt at the blackjack tables to the tune of 10K the other day ...
now I'm kinda scared to play again!
LOL
I wanted to emphasize my crafty side, and less so on my hellish side.
; Not everyone understands me like u do.
HA HA.
no I need Motrin and a nap to relieve the charle horses
FitWV Friday  Share your tactics and tips for healthy living.
What's your favorite workout?
Favorite healthy foods?
Etc.
thankz so maybe wd should talk now well now that u followed me!!!
and I only say that because it is clear that Phx wants it more than preds, at least right now that is what is appears like.
You are so freakin gorgeous, it is distracting.
:
taking short nap ; Cheers!
:D
tdwg task group convener needs a certain amount of moxie
Good jam seshh at Vibe Asylum...
Got some new songs down tonight soundin cherry!
See you at Imua Lounge Mar.
30th!!!
You're a little late on the OJ story.
We interviewed the author in early April.
:
...
get public dollars 2 attend PRIVATE schools.
They get more bc those colleges CHARGE more.
That's not right.
sour cream pringles are god
I got it...thanks
UseTittiesInAMovieTitle I can't believe I'm up playing this.
LOL
Setting my alarm 12:00 am just so I can wake up  be first to tell my best friend happy birthday: love you
yep which made it 10x worse lol ;
Since when is it lame to dance?
Trying to link facebook and twitter
If you don't like something about the doctoram you're living, start by imagining it the way you'd like it to be.
yes we are!:
Recovering from a week of craziness, but things are great.
Been a little silent on the social media front but will soon rebound.
cfaleadercast Leadership if you want to be cool, don't be a leader.
Pat Lencioni
: Your contact on my phone is: Dont Answer I have a few of those!
we follow you, be fair!
Hedo days is only 3 days away.
Total Baccian Delights.
Naked people, naked things but a slipnslide, a bouncy house, a sex tent, included.
yeah, i shed myself of the name, so to speak.
moving on...
8 inches gone!!!
Layers!
Side bangs!
Time to go lighter.
RT....
if you are single or are looking for someone special in your life 3

you were correct, typo on my end!
Should have read whole grain!
Tune into this Friday to see me and battle over leopard pumps.
good!
You better clap for me lol.
They moved it to Mizzou Arena if you didn't know!
your that dude
plus they're always part of longer hops, I think the US Air one I take to Columbus starts in Maine  stops in Boston before PHL.
PLEASE RT.
follow me I follow back!
Also check out my YouTube channel !
I think the most good looking person I've seen in a while is my mirror.
2 Ego.
Thanks for the
Stagecoach County Music Festival wraps Sunday
make sure you check our site for for the latest reviews, news, products, videos and Home of Royal Gaming Nation
Thanks!
Likewise!
Totally get that!
My wife is similar.
She'll watch SCREAM, but not v.
scary ARE YOU AFRAID OF THE DARKs.
RT : I live in St.Louis and use Twitter for PLN.
I learn so much from others here.
As soon as it hit 12:01 Monday was bad.
We have another gift card giveaway coming up!
Let's get talking!
Well this day was wasn't the best.
I learned a lot.
Thanks for the lesson.
My birthday is 10 months away from yesterday :
Check for leaks in your flashing.
Have someone spray water on the area, while you look for leaks in the attic.
Breaking news now: Casey Mchee is still better than Aramis Ramirez.
Thats all.
Don't care about any money makers out there, I rather make my own and care about myself
The Dartmouth Aires are UNREAL!
no question they're better, but knowing thesingoff they'll probably be sent home.
okay I'm never watching that movie again.
never again.
I'm going to have nightmares for a month.
I dont ever wanna look at a doll again.
I don't think anyone likes going commando, it's just that they are to lazy to wash a load of underwear!
Pick your poison
plan ur vacation
Omg, your birthday is on easter.
::OO.
sexy easter bunny.
Last night was the night to play Bill in anything.
He started early.
well go ahead if that tickles your fancy lol!!!
love you.
Cramps are not fun.
Mother nature hates me.
ugh.
What a nightmare.
ok now back to the graphics !!!!!
What's up y'all?
Dolomite is my name and speaking my mind is my game!
lol
Freshman year is all about learning how to navigate the college experience, and study habits are a huge component of that.
Corey Ariss
What's Up?
Ha!!
Thanks for clearin that up for me ang.
I was very confused.
Thank you for the FF mention!
It's spring!
Enjoy.
Lmao!!
Lunch menu police: Cia Parrish
Merry Christmas to all the PUccias lover e non ciao
have no, no idea.
The ending was a bit melodoctormatic to me but it was still amazing!
Sam is such a great character!
Go finish your cover letter!!
Intellectual growth should commence at birth and cease only at death  Albert Einstein
I love that movie, soo good :
hi cat : omg i've been dying to say that
my brother would be sitting next to rob kardashian in miami
Another quote I relate to...Diego RiveraI doctoram a lot.
I do more painting when I'm not painting.
It's in the subconscious.
amazing what 6 months exercise and good diet can do I almost feel skinny twittering this morn away 8am yogi ,run an hour this eveslim JimC
right.
A lot of cool things happening.
Like seeing action item.
Free concert.
And on a Saturday!
Life is great!
When my boyfriend randomly calls me 
I was wonder where did all da throw back wrestlers go they on this IMPACT WRESTLIN
No problem chief :D
Good morning!
thx for the weather update!
Now how do i get away with wearing flip flops at work....
My motherfuckin back Finna cave in if ion eat now
Will Smith slapping reporters now thats fun.
Lol
Grilled cheese are pretty much the most delicious thing in the whole world.
will you give me neck?
my klout score is only 50 cries, bc I hate FB well, I love how it connects but it is committed to exploiting us.
but only if we let 'em
Leave it to me to mess up my bosses email!
Ah
Wis.
elections board asking judge for at least 60 days to review wirecall petitions.
Hearing set for Wednesday
The digital divide is not diminishing.
It has morphed.
Thanks!
Let me know if I can return the favor :
Heading up to Madison to see the guys.
friendly wager this weekend?
I was in New York this weekend:
Movie mode !
Laying in bed sick :
Just don't get it...
I really don't like snow
dont do to much on this account going to start being more active :
Would like to let u know that I'm going to marry : will send invites soon 3
Tranzit guys are killing it and the crowd energy is epic here!!!
Get ready for Chicago
What the hell?
It's July 5th and people are throwing fireworks?
July 4th was yesterday!
I was writing stand up comedy in my head all night.
Talk about a nightmare.
Pretty sure it's 's fault.
nastalgia hits...
ah yes.
mercury in retro?
hope everyone is having a loving new year.
I Don't want to graduate..
Finally got comfortable going number 2 in wcl
So far I have one that is almost like thatit has to be ordered from Italy though :
Remedial Kitten
The now played their 4th season in a 5th Ward Frank Gehry designed arena, paid for by the Potawatomi's.
Great meeting you  Vee today!
Excited to connect  learn more about Tribeca Teaches.
going to the movies.
and out..
out ..
out.
for abit.
hopefully it will not rain..
pelicans on the lake..
Is beautiful!!
great to hear that you want to come out.
Just direct message u an addoctorss and how many u want and we will get them out!
Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously.
In case you were tired of mister Nice Guy, please just stick with regular doctorgs 3
Seriously, the App Hub dev site for WP7 apps has to be the worst developer site ever.
50 of the time things seem to function correctly.
thingsmybestfriendsdo come to my house on my birthday and surprise me!
haha how does that even happen?
Got a monster in my pants And if I ever got the chance Gonna cram it down your throat Watch you gasp for air and choke 3
Million man march.
This song is so sad.
SXSW bound on the train with Adoctorenne....woo :D
Rapelisberger or Fitzpatrick?
someday i will..look at my computer screen and have it say justinbieber is now following you
WOW!
Another 30 from Christopher!
THANK YOU!
Come on!
Lets help S.O.S!
When you follow your friend and he dosent follow back.
Thanks to all my teammates for makin this a great year
Went to see Seven Pounds.
Liked it, I don't think I have ever seen a movie with a plot quite like this.
great portfolio!
please follow me!
I'd like to think there will be a big tour before too long!
Working up new songs now, and there's a new EP on iTunes!
A great question from the ICD10 forum: What is the more important objective revenue neutrality or revenue accuracy?
If you wanna leave fine just don't tell me you love me.
Make sure you check out in the upcoming flick
Hello, how are you all ?
ha, so true!
but how would you want to be remembered buddy as a person people never liked or a person people loved.
You know they can BELIEVE Braun took 'roids but I KNOW Sosa used a corked bat
enjoying a cuppa real hot chocolate
Want to improve the contour of your neck w/o neck lift surgery?
Innovative, minimally invasive option: Implicitguide Surgical Suture System
'What do you mean, If I can?' Jesus asked.
'Anything is possible if a person believes.' Mark 9:23
21JumpStreet looks so funny.
keeps getting better  better, IMO
Yeah.
Last night!
:
hi Brick Stone Remington!
Undead!
Although unread is not inaccurate.

now following
Teach is back on set for Teen Wolf tomorrow.
Watch out.
why would glass sell now?
because he could make about 200 million dollars
Great meeting with you today.
Between you and , these PreCombine guys are getting the best of the best!
Birds of a feather DO flock together.
content and it's interaction work best as equal partners, IMO.
I am, however, loath to disagree w the guru :
We can just do jazz hands
What better way to do it than put a live person in front of them?
Jackie Huba, author73
God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with him
Some of the OWS protesters are more BARK than BITE.
You can't be taken seriously when you take months off!
Yup, this crap is never real but people keep blindly RTing.
wedding doctorsses
PAC man would fight if mayweather would stop being a coward 50/50

real females live for today
i see you riding that wavy too my dude!
I feel you 100!
Just watched joyful noise with my family.
I really liked it too:
he will I promise: Just don't give up.
I'll even help you.
Now I have a headache!
it seems strange he caught everything Flynn threw at him but looked like shit in the last two games with Rogers
I just wanna go home, this is boring.
Any suggestions for the OneAmerica signboard SuperBowl week, Indianapolis?
Anyone else need to have everything straight, parallel or right angles?
eg, today the treadmill was on an angle, totally bugged me 4 30mins!
Upgrading to Lion.
I'm scared.
I dont need social networking.
If I havent spoken to you in ten years it wasnt because I couldnt find you, its because I dont like you
Almost as good as RT : Regardless of their brand perception, GoDaddy has some of the best
Did you know that when you run out if sweet relish  add dill your tuna becomes Sweet  Sour?
My dealing with boiled eggs this weekend lol
The absurdity is very appealing.
I may wait for its arrival, munching on foodtruck grub outside
WIN 2 ROUND TRIP TICKETS TO LONDON!
Compete in the Royal Pub quiz TONIGHT  7:30PM  9PM 
not related extended family i must say.
Have you noticed some of the different writing styles lately?
I'd like to welcome Mark and Luis to the team of updating our social media!
I love that everyone's finally up to speed on , but please stop comparing him to Tim Tebow.
That is pure
BREAKING NEWS: is still pregnant.
Her baby will be born in 2017.
5 likes away from 900spread the word if you believe in the movement!!!
ask for Phillip, he is the Stem Cell expert
seriously why is everybody fake?
you probably dont know this country but greetings from Qatar :D
I'll let the loss side after witnessing Lee's human pretzel routine.
Classic.
don't spam me.
I might cry.
Better hurry up or I'll get locked in target.
I missed Detroit news...
fine ass Glenda Lewis!
Bravo!
good job for keeping the wheels of government moving!
RT : RT : RT if you really want a snow day tomorrow.
If I was president everyone would wear cheeta print everyday!
Bitch the day YOU become president is the day I move to Canada !!
party outfit almost complete!
Just waiting for my to arrive and I will be ready to party!
papercutmayhem !
O: Of course!
30min into Mister Nanny, we're averaging one feat of strength every 2.5 minutes.
Victoria Secret Fashion Show tonight?
I always geotag my tweets just for u Scottie.
JFK Delay SOP RT : Where is ?
lost you
RT : I pledge to makeadiff everyday in lives of the childoctorn and adults who depend on me.
Pledge with me.
www.aft.org/pledge
had dinner at L'Abricot Patisserie in Tijuana, having their Ravioli Sampler, plus some tasty desserts.
OK, so it was Mexifrenchtalian.
Music is my Pssin Ethic is opposite of Piiul
best wishes.
i love yr poems  video poems c.
by the way.
have i actually said that?
they're awesome.
Every week, until all invites have been sent out or we exit beta mode and go public.
This is how we knock out the kinks.
working on the current node.js project.
awesomeness and fun.
I just got legitimately Rick rolled for the first time in my life.
Love your song Texas!
U puttin it in homie!
there's nowhere else better than Boston for sports fans!
Such a shame that the Celtics came up short last night :
so u mad huh?
I blew ur day already lmfao
As a matter of fact, Tony, It's chalk that is used so that his hands don't slip from the ball.
Responding your question, no.
youstayingsingle is the reason you bitch and moan all the time...not my fault you suck at life!
Thanks, Councilman!
:
OMG FOLLOW
join us April 2 for our Reno bus trip.
There will be doctornks, food, and plenty of fun!
Above all, your  benefits our program.
See us here.
www.bellafitnessgroup.com
Al Qaeda To Osama Bin Laden: 'Fox News Lacks Objectivity,' MSNBC Not As ...
Huffington Post
Illustration, is very hard work, I need to hurry up and finish this.
DS: I'm gonna die!!!
Way to go Pollard  Smith!!!
YES!!!
all i care about the money give a fuk about the hoes
: I wonder if my mortgage bank will take a byline credit as payment for next month's mortgage.
Somehow I don't think so so true
Now that's the kind of story I like.
Visited in 76' and you brought back memories.
Keep it up.
I Was Writing Riddles In Everyone's Yearbook, Who Figured Theirs Out Already?
RT : Sobriety Checkpoint overnight I25 and San Mateo NE.
18 DWI arrests
Why is it that in almost every photo we have of , his mouth is agape?
Wow!
Color me intrigued 
ImThatPersonWho will be the new kid one day..
and be the nigga you look up to the next week
Thanks Cliff
oh wait the link should be in my tweets if i posted it on jan.
16 lol
Been looking for the zipover travel pillow  having no luck!
?
?
?
?
?
?
Go online to register and secure a seats in our great workshops and seminars!
Or call 212.594.9616 for MORE.
LOL.
You've been called into family PC repair duty?
PR No longer any military importance to US.
Jobs moving overseas.
Employment rate only 36!

cutest friendship on earth.
Thank you.
Come in anytime this month and get 10 off your first massage!
ATT...how to describe them and their service.
What adjectives have you got for them?
No foul language, please.
Good luck!
bummer.
i still kinda owe you a lift if you need one.
Don't feel bad.
A lot of people have no talent.
good morning!
: i hope you have a good dayy 3
A Tribe Called Quest
I would love to run up on 1 of these kids that are sagging and yell at them just to see if they will run or fall on their faces.
Hey Ryan!
We miss you at !
gotta go get my tooth pulled today..
DONALD DESERVES HIS 10's!!!!!DONALD DESERVES HIS 10's!!!!!!DONALD DESERVES HIS 10's!!!!!!DONALD DESERVES HIS 10'S
Everybody Follow My Boy He New To Twitter So Fuck WIt Him Thats My Bro!
Bikini Bar Bikini Bar Bikini Bar!!
FABULOUS MUSIC SHOW....BE THERE!!!
hahaha that was my reaction too!
RT : NO!!!!!!
: RT : Hm what's the next shoe comin out ??
When something sound to good to be true ..
It probably is
I'd like to submit my client, country artist for a feature on your site.
Plz contact me to discuss.
Thanks!
Chores Suck Ok .
They Just Really Suck .
Tuesday 1pm mosaics With dotti at the shop only 10.
W.bethsdiyworkshop.com
Morning at home: espresso, putting out fires, and preparing for afternoon meetings.
NY Undercover!
I love 90s black tv
Kashi Honey Almond Flax  blueberry yogurt
Marquette is the fastest team in Tourney
no doubt.
I love new phones!
Umm..
That's kind of disgusting.
Who uses regular Listerine when they have minty fresh now??
Damn, tired kid...
Inside the theater!!!
Great seats in the balcony.
AvengersAssemble!
Thanks to customer service!!
To infinity and beyond..;
Are you an Italian American woman 1835 interested in a research project?
Follow for more info!
why don't you come with me ?
swag me out bitch
Work That Triangle Face : But No one Can Do It Like : Hahah
Feeling pretty indignant on Kacie B's behalf.
She was confident, cheerful, doctormafree,  too nice.
WTF
Taking action to make things happen feels really good.
So proud of the team that hired, welcomed, and taught me proves that I got the best experience an intern can!
I told him I was going to class with Austin and he told me to say Hi to him.
It's great!
Love you too!
I'm gonna be saying hello to as many people as I can today in honor of the day of silence.
Interesting research technique lol
You know you are inthehood when your portable GPS says, doctorve faster and put me under the seat.
go figure that when i need to use my 'z' key the most, it's being a bugger.
loved you on
Please RT Benefit for Scott this Sat 9/17 11am American Legion on Kelly St
happy birthday to my youngest son!
102383 Famous Last Battle of Atlanta as Tommy Rich beats Buzz Sawyer to end their feud  sold out Omni.
The winner?
Crack.
Well my throat doesnt hurt anymore but now i have a stuffy nose!
.
rawrrrrr
Moving mountains  on repeat
So I cut one side of my yard, and ran out of gas.
So I was waiting on my father to get home so I can go get more gas.
Guess not anymore.
In your location I would suggest sharing Feed The D's Facebook, Twitter and Website, or maybe even consider donating.
Awesome background : :
I'm on an amazing weight loss/muscle tone product right now with great results if anyone wants any information let me know!
Good for you!!!
i wanna bake urs too
Fuck that bitch and her boy frd,wtf she thought this was..
We are going to start streaming our seminars LIVE.
We are all set with the technology.
LIVE nation wide baby!
ff give a follow  Director of Communications for Athlete  Property Mktg group
Do not conform to the pattern of this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind.
Romans 12:2
Sadly, my childoctorn are wellversed in labor laws.
I get an earful every time I tell them to get a job.
Kayla brianna if you love me ft.
best song ever!!!!!
Didn't get enough accomplished today.
But it's my first night off in 10 days so I'm not gonna worry and relax a little.
I'm loving my Thinkpad, it's a t420 with a 120 gb ssd.
It was a bit on the expensive side, but it's been reliable so far.
What do you think of my idea that Scott Parker might be a good addition for Arsenal?!
DON'T SPANK YOUR CHILD
do it purple!
I want to do it so badly, but I'm still trying to go back to my original blonde.
do it for me!!!
Yeah, really amazing and dominating.
BCHockey is on a serious roll, and I'm expecting a championship tonight.
check out George Hobica
Thanks and welcome all new followers.
Be doing some giveaways in next couple days.
You all are the best
My Gran Torino tweet is popular;apparently I'm not the only one watching it
There is a huge difference between training and learning
Do I really have to wait 8 more months till the patriots can try to win it again?
FUCK
AUDITION 4 OUR HOT NEW TV REALITY SHOW THE DIARY OF A HIP HOP ARTIST send your submissions to
Make a memory we'll never forget and whisper those words I never said.
3
You niggas should be shot in the fucking face with no Funeral deserved.
: I broke my butt
Watching you walk out of my life do not make me bitter or cynical about love
it stops cramps and has more electrolytes than regular sports doctornks!
My penis just threw up ;
Happy Birthday!!
:D
ok, thats good to know that you are trying to help us.
:
Your tech support is on this  we'll get it worked out.
This happens.
You all are fantastic and I am an extremely happy customer
I already miss comp season ;
Oscars tonight.So how's your favorite to win?
18 days of school till regents week.
No idea.
You better be!
Go Bulls!
Have Fun!
RT I'm going to be the Bulls' lucky charm at the game tonight!
:
Can 10 more follow for me?
3
Our first Daily Melt: Take a picture that expresses the character of each of your muds.
Upload the image to the blog.
ok i dont wanna give the HOLY STATE a bad name!
RT Would it kill my 6monthold son to say Thank you just once?
Calhoun says despite lack of precision of keyword searching of abstracts/summaries, the effort is well rewarded by increases of use.
Client just completed a demo.
IT group vetoed it.
Asked me to birddog others.
Will pass along any specific feedback I get.
Cool stuff with bes fran Jus like ole times
And no relation to World B.
Free!
thank you!!
I'm so excited and happy :
Gooooooooaaallllll.
Go Arsenal!!!!
our team is here looking for folks who may need a hand.
Fantastic discussion at Brooklyn heights synagogue this p.m.
About the midlife
RT Please, God, give me direction..
WAT UP BIG HOMIE WHEN U COMN BACK DOWN TO PALM BEACH?
Hey moms, how would you spend the perfect MothersDay?
So glad I saw Marvin Seth  Stanley at wifilmfest.
So funny and honest, and Central Minn may never look so lovely again.
Wingstop!!!
RT : In  out burger or wingstop I can't decide 
im good just chillen u in Indy?
isgiving a 20 discount to all veterans today!
under 6' buzzed hair.
: Help me out.
Was Mo, Larry or Curly?
Over 6' or under 6' tall?
Shaved head?
thanks congrats to you too.
I found out a couple weeks ago and I was getting curious about who the other ELs were.
Hello Goodbye Atlanta.
Plans for today are very confusing.:
I learnedd how to play a neww game todayy :  fun !
Good luck!!
RT : I will return to Twitter in two weeks or less.
Boston, Massachusetts
I might just go to sleep in the movie theater....
: The NYSenate is adjourned until tomorrow at 3PM.
all done for today, but follow  notice again tomorrow at 3pm!
I'm not a fan of keeping jobs around, just to keep people employed.
Otherwise, we would still have lamp lighters
Why ya'll trippin'?
I'm just fine.
Hey Perry is it a mlm or network mktg co?
Just curious as that is what i've been doing for quite some time.
Have a good time.
Say hi to everyone for me.
Love u!
A dense fog lies heavily on the still sea.
There is no wind.
The swells of the ocean are barely perceptible.
FOG
I am thinking about writing a nonprofessort article.
Thoughts?
i love you
I have so much work to do its making me unmotivated to do it.
Dedication: ERIN MELLOTT, Love for ever.
Anyone have good examples of good Twitter contest landing pages?
Going to the gym now.
BBL.
:
to infinity and beyonce
No rooftop toursm 4 Gus.
Seamus aptly named.Mitt was 4ward thnkg naming dog 4 what he'd do for the Romneys in 21st Century
I would like to work where you work.
if you like great music that's why we are following you, b/c we do too!
I'm at pmase with my colleague Joy introducing folks to GATech's PMASE program.
Hey Janet!
Great to see you.
Spring is almost here!
Like this post if youre ready for spring weather.
NowPlaying  StedE  Hybrid Heights  StedE  Hybrid Heights feat misterV  See U Move
nyy yankees We are the BRONX BOMBERS.
We have not only HR hitters, but world class athletes...
don't alter the prolific swings
where the hell are you?
RT : rocking that avi!!!!
Happy Mother's Day boo!!!
thank u girl.
Happy mommy day to u too
We are all winners in changing the lives we touch.
BLESS US ALL!
wish I could : On the move to with for happy hour.
openInvite
yes please!
Are you still going to OU this weekend?
Oh?
Well thanks 3 ; Lol I'm flattered.
How old is he?
I'm only 15 /:
www.efusjon.com/livealoha...much better for us
10 years older :O
Q: Why would it be difficult to be a police officer?A: It would be tough to be an idiot all day long.
Rockin my awesome boots tomorrow....
If it's not too hot
I have one lead but not made use of it yet...
still prefer something different
Adele, man overboard, brand new, dashboard confessional
Off to Universal Studios Florida before the sun's even up!
i love you and miss you tons just sayinnn
Essentially we get confused a bit about what retail is.
It's really just buying things, putting them on a floor and selling them.
6 of snow for MKE ..
So....i proclaim habitat for martini day for me!
Have to build and provide safe storage for a martini or three.
I was kind of hoping for a Animal House type ending with their futures, but all in all it was good.
will def.
be missed!
Taking a break from coaching to grab a bite and sign a case of books.
Really enjoying this group of coaches!
Need a suggestion for something..Could you suggest a song for me to cover in my new youtube video?
In Statu Quo  In the same state
I went shoppn and talk is still cheap
We can offer you better than Intelligensia!
Try at Armitage  Western or , they have a delorean!
care ?
cause i dont .
Learn the rules so you know how to break them properly!
I don't know why ted thompson couldn't here me yell Take Upshaw!
Would've been great opposite clay
sad business
Oakland California, wbu?
Competition breads excellence, brings out the best in us.
Yeah.
Tell that to Nancy Kerrigan.
hi...re hires photo...we only have the web version
Happy birthday by the way amigo!
you all can suck my dick
i can tell .
haha was that a rap ????????????????????
Hahaha stick to Rock or whatever shit you listen to
.
how do I get a refund?
Park Tavern is offering the same package for 30 direct.
That makes Groupon 50 higher.
Great deal!
just give it time
Can't wait to start work
Sleep would be nice..
Why is it so cold?
A Matter Of Taste for lunch MF, Baja Burrito, Yellow Porch restaurant, Grimey's record store, Basement.
A start!
Really...
Am I the only one NOT in love with Rachel Zoe?
I find her so uninteresting.
good luck!
I tried that 6 mos challenge.
After awhile it felt like a 2nd job.
smart girl lol
Who said Gingers can't play ball....Bonner!!!!
Lesson for citizen projects: don't waste people's time.
If a computer could do it just as well, let the computer do it.
this new flannel is awesome though
I will say of the Lord.
He is my refuge and my fortress: In Him will I trust.
The National Suicide Prevention Hotline number is 800273TALK  there are other resources here available for our brothers.
I hate when people wake me up .
Economic issuewill Palmetto Bay council move forward w/ 2003/04 FTI economic plans properly.
w/infrastructure put in place ovr 1st 8 years
We REALLY want to see One Direction in Vegas.
Like REALLy bad.
And in unrelated Bachelorette news, the boy's name Kalon just doctorpped 800 slots on the Popular Baby Names list.
Saw InTime last night  great concept!!
can act!
I love the border in ur room...its so u.
I thought so too, but I'm slowly realizing that maybe this industry isn't right for me.
Who knows how to get someone to shadow you.
: Hey DIYers!
What's on your spring upkeep todo list this weekend?Buy new
is looking forward to interviewing on
Has anyone seen the posts for YPG for Indy on Indeed.com?
Are those real?
It's a Canadian company.
you're in Dallas???
Just finish the 1st doctorft of the Richard Beavers Show.
filming starts in 120 days!
Wish us luck!
thanks for great lunch.
I always learn something!
The Waiting List has hit 20, but none of them have sent in their registrations yet.
Will open up to the public this Saturday.
OMG!!
my birthday is coming up pretty soon but anyways God bless everyone; Hanging out with my mentor today!!
AJA doc is amazing.
Those dudes are so great.
Dunno abt Big Star  tend to think of 'em in the same category as Grateful Dead.
Great interview with about how running a virtual company  remote working.
Tune in Thurs 11am MT/1pm ET!
so true.
He is a prime example.
Haven't seen Leno's Headlines in a long while.
Still makes me laugh.
yea that's goes hella hard...
Is that one of ur artist??
I just realized i only have 3 friends..
Striking out is one of the worst feelings.
Creating a GDoc of C19 kitchen references based on feedbk from listserv.
LMK if you have anything to add or want a copy!
Reminder: tonight 6pm HIT Lecture Series: Eugenia During, Director Regional Extension Center, DCPA, Prybyla 320C
bet u wont say homies
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together.
Vincent Van Gogh
Bryz gotta stop worrying about the holes in the universe and worry about the hole in his legs.
Both of these teams are gay.
soon to be grilling some rib eyes from the organic butcher.
Gonna try steak chinoisstyle.
See how it goes.
cute ass ;
Lechoke James, does it again.
What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly.
Richard Bach
2011icf Insights from DavidPeterson: I think everyone is coachablethey just may not want to be coached on what YOU think they need....
Great meeting you  looking fwd to next time.
My thx to  ,  likewise all at
Trying this out.
There are things that are scaring me to death.
But I have no idea how to handle it.
its diff throughout the building.
warm ups and opening are loud, because the players want to hear it
no...
Im not.
They are smoking some thing.
These roads need to get fixed.
...It's not abt me it's abt u..
Mourdock  Does she know how 2 pick em' or what?
Cp3 About to break Tony Parker All Game
On average, 65 people become millionaires every day
Brewers are killing me...you guys need handles on that ball?
How's it going ?
How big is your Little Man now?
Oregon Baseball Best Baseball Gloves  baseball gloves
well thats always a plus its your best motivation :
Harrison Ford oh If I was 19 in the 70s or 80s I would so let you have me
Studying for your Math 3C midterm?
Feeling stressed?
Come to the Math 3C review from 6pm9pm today!
Already followed you and I RTed.
I wanna see Clash of the Titans.
I hope it's not stupid 
do you know who Phillip Parker was?
We do.
And we are at his house today in TN.
My only friend for the rest of the week will be Library forever SelfControl pulling a goodbye social media!
Can't wait to get you guys in here for Brew with the Brewer!
Goodnight everyone.
More WhenAustin's tomorrow!
:D
Mitt is on trouble with the bully stuff.
Not because its substantive but, because now America sees him as James Spader in Pretty in Pink.
I feel so lazy
Huge news for the Thunder.
Someone that can body up Bynum RT : Scott Brooks: Perk is playing
People are hula hooping at 10pm on a Friday in the Pearl.
So Portland.
Hi Darren, I spent time last night trying to find the Women in IT Group on Linkedin  No luck.
Do you have a link handy?
Thanks!
Hey Milwaukee beer doctornkers, check out the new beer blog by Dan Murphy.
It's good stuff, guaranteed.
Bloomberg must be inspired by our hallmarks: His state of the city addoctorss is titled NYC: Capital of Innovation.
keep smiling..we'll always support you 333
thanks Berkley!
It goes both ways.
Looking forward to working with you at
Obstacles are things a person sees when he takes his eyes off his goal.
E.
Joseph Cossman
help trend
Ive been told multiple times, by lots of people that me  look alike ;o Lol
Home is a place you grow up wanting to leave, and grow old wanting to get back to.
John Ed Pearce
I really like Philly but I don't think they have the goaltending or defense to beat either.
Fleury largest part of PIT's loss IMO
its going down.....we're going to the dance
oh static electricity, i have not missed you
fuck!
bring the kids!
i'm sure they're already familiar with the foul language in the show.
can you please follow me????
We are home!!
Whose ready to party?
Amazing run!!
Haha DedicatedToMyWorkOut from now on!!
Into work late today must start a Friday with some bikram especially one this cloudy.
still waiting for my tax return, how long does it usually take..?
: Now, red solo cup is the best receptical, for barbecues, tailgates, fairs  festivals.
Toby Keith speaking of
M boneless wings :
I know.
Most of his Centric stuff is weak.
I know there's better writing/production out there.
It kind of freaks me out.
My mood just went from a 10 to a flat 0.
Why tf do I even care?
I never noticed the Nutrition Facts on the back of Mc.Donald's chicken nuggets 0o 460 calories!
thanks for intel.
Let's hope he is apprehended quickly without further violence.
Check out the live African Safari Cam.
www.africansafaricam.com
I fish where the fish are is 1 of my favorite lines to use when telling an account there not worthy of a new neon, tshirts or any valuable
At Scott's Branch High School in South Carolina with Talking newtechnetwork and
Damn it's crazy even grandmas got iPhones lol
Alright.
Nearly there.
get off of what??
RT : I'm so bad at putting in effort, but if I see you are, I will make sure I do too.
I just want things back the way they were
the human mind amazes me, truly.
You Too!
But The Good Way3 And Yeah I haven't grew ;/ I hope I have my growth spurt.
lol down size!!
Hot tub time
bra i love bitches wit a nigga dat means less talk more fuck lol
looking forward to your simulcasts at MSKCC!
Just wish your app was up and running...
I know the feeling :
Always borrow money from a pessimist, he doesn't expect to be paid back.
Unknown
Order your Sweet Jamaican Jerk Gourmet Pizza Now!
Chicken, scallions, carrots, cilantro  sun doctored tomatoes in a sweet  tangy jerk sauce.
cool morning in fortmyers florida swfl :
That was unintentional lol
Lots of vegan, gf, And normal baked goods.
St.
Claude near Congress.
Affection is responsible for ninetenths of whatever solid and durable happiness there is in our lives
It definitely could help to get this guy's attention.
Oh, let me know how it is?
I'm thinking of going later.
brb while I'm dying as maroon 5 and wiz are performing together
no one can tell me who i can be just i will know when the time is right
We're testifying  the to explain SocialSecurity online statements should supplement, not replace paper ones
Trying to find a truck is ridiculous!
girl come on!
You are always welcome!
Studios see something that makes money, and they want to emulate it.
La Traviata was the best opera I've seen yet.
You are constantly reinventing management culture to make it work.
right n get a non venomous one too
WOW REFS I LOVE YOU
u fina come thru sues
And I know id be good at it
I figured out the neoconfederate's jobs plan.
They're creating jobs for transvaginal ultrasound techs.
on top of being the dj for bolo bash, players services, life guarding, yoga instructor, bear den assistant.
Can you manage it?
Social Media is the new way to advertise your products and services so embrace it or get out of the way!
alexis, gettin' the D from the cereal man?
...
probs not.
If I had a penis, I would name it 'Secret', cause it would be strong enough for a man but made for a woman.
My friend, Mel.
XD
According to a police report, employees of Extreme World were found at 2 a.m.
repairing the ride that critically injured a 12yearold girl.
Before PILGF begins, I want to send special thanks to for everything she  has done for me  Team USA!
My 5 year old cousin stood up in church today and screamed I LOVE JUSTIN BIEBER .........
If your looking for todays best toys at the best price check out www.todaysfavoritetoys.com
hey Sharon : sounds like U r having a fun day: enjoy!
be safe :!
What is a Stella Artois?
Find out during the meetgreet for board nominees.
Oh you can keep chalice while supplies last!
Great moments are born from great opportunity.
And that's what you have tomorrow, ryan.
Out of 10 tryouts you might be cut 9
Dental health is new secret key to canine longevity  Dentistry IQ
I mean really, who am I kidding here
Wow, that would be great.
That's becoming quite an interest of mine.
I leave for china in 6 days 
Boise, ID we play The Shredder tonight at 7pm with and !
a week later lol.
Thanks!
I started 24 Day Challenge this morning!
So far so good :
RT : RT : Side benefit of April Fools Day: forces ppl 2 think Is ths story tru?
Which they shld do 365 days a year.
Should do another giveaway?
Retweet if you think so!!!
the sport of champions lol
My friend Hal said, Put something back in the pot.
hey i want to send a shout out to the people who r following me  THANK YOU!REPLY BACK PLZZZZZ
oh so is it gonna be hard to get ride of?
:
Dang, well when i see you again ill pray for you.
this time super hard.
you're a bitch and you're gay!!!
Ditto from this Baltimore PR girl!
Short weeks for the holiday  blessing or stress bomb?
We're not sure.
Way too many Steelers jerseys but other than that AMAZING!
So many fans!
Whats your 1st round prediction?
Now he sits behind prison bars, 25 to life and she's not in his arms.
He couldn't bring her back with a bullet to the heart.
THANKS HE HAS RSV DOING BREATHING TREATMENT EVERY TWO HOURS HE HATES IT BUT I NEED HIM TO BE WELL AND GET HIM HOME HUGS TO U
I love Cheez its too!
Excited about a new client within the financial services industry.
How many of you have committed to buying solar if you win the jackpot tonight?
megamillions 
Boy, that is a great show.
Key questions: Is the content worth sharing?
Can it be repurposed across multiple platforms?
You know the Motto always be prepared to show somebody how much you don't give a fuck!!!
RT : I PROMISE YOU IT'S ENOUGH MONEY FOR EVERYONE!
DONT BE A HATER JUST HUSTLE!!!!
SPOKEN LIKE A TRUE G
It's going to be a good day.
I can feel it in my bones.
haha had the same thought
what i wanna know?!
hhahahahahahaha
no I'm doing the San Diego RR the following weekend, but I'll be there watching!
Are you doing it??
We should def meet up.
Yeah, sure.
It's a good kind of fail though
Dancing with the Stars: So Many Tears, So Many 10s
waiting for my redeem code peas 
Ur not sexy when u make that face
It's FRIDAY!!!!!
Have you become a Shastician yet!
Do it before the weekend is over!
www.shastic.com
Finally gonna watch this documentary on Wisconsin Supper Clubs.
Just 36 more days until 1D concert I can make it:
hope u feel better.
Is Papa Legba out though?
starts today  for the latest, FF and be sure to stop by theNAT and see what we have glowing.
blunt ridin through the storm
Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm.
Winston Churchill
Hey hey Mama Dakota!!!
thanks Andy, see you tonight!
: Three teams to monitor as trade talks for Tim Tebow pick up: Jacksonville, Green Bay, San Francisco.
Why Green Bay?
Shawty come and kick it at the swang.
that is so cute
Dear marijuana, I'm going to have to leave you for about a week : but don't worry I'll come back
Underground blackberry farmers have planted their seed in memorial circle!
no ma'am.
I'm so happy that you all are enjoying them!!
: Oh yes the meat loaf cupcakes are the best..
won't let me follow you
One way to hone your ability to attract life's bounty is to pleasure and treasure yourself.
send him/her to hell with all he's/her crap about Justin beiber.
Thanks!
That's a good one that's retained much of its relevance over the years.
There's a few meetups.
Search the hash tag.
so crazy!GREATEST VOICE of everyone and everything,die,but not in our hearts,my family is praying for her and the whole world!
: FACT: Post Offices use 4 checkouts...unless it's really busy, then they use only one.
Truth you mean walmart?
Community colleges receive 500mil for jobtraining programs: chroni.cl/p69aBr
: n life u will meet 2 kinds of people the ones who build u up  the ones who tear u down But n the end you'll thank them both
Thats a really good idea.
Happy Birthday Kenny!
Thank you for all you do for Justin3 Lets get Happy Birthday Kenny Trending beliebers!
id totally love to.
I go there sometimes to hang during SXSW but follow he's a stupendous comic in Austin.
619 Vodka is now available at the !
Get down there and show them some love!
Thanks for the RT!
We're looking forward to it!
Unfortunately it's 's last day at Good luck in Chicago!
Woah!
I never win anything and I just won a giftcard thanks to Sargento mom2summit
Hey!...You cant sleep when you're working on your doctorams!
Delano Johnson ReTweet
Health Tip: Lower ur risk of a hip fracture when u take a spill by resisting the urge to stiffen up; fall forward if possible.
Thanks for the shout!
sending love ur way as always..Good night/morning :
If you still have finals, good luck!
I have friends on fb that are doing it.
They all have lost weight
I WANT A PUBLIC APOLOGY FROM CJWATSON.
AND THEN STILL KILL YOSELF
Writing w/ this afternoon!
Happy Geek Pride Day!
I'm going to the event to celebrate.
A few tickets are still available!
Adobe bowling party's got nuthin' on our booze cruise but I only say that 'cause we weren't invited.
if you have under 600 followers I would almost automatically assume you would follow back either way..but..
Meh...
gave French Canadian poker one final go this afternoon and broke about even.
On to doctornks and poutine!
I would just love to stay in my bed all day
Thank you for being so active and transparent on social media.
That is wonderful you respond to so many Guests.
Just tapped Lost Coast Indica IPA.
Pregnant wife complained about BraxtonHicks contractions,if it's false labor,it shouldnt be real pain, misterBraxton,misterHicks their childoctorn
Maybe BuildABear Workshop would be the only place that would hire a fourteen year old...
Hehe...
Might actually be fun...
These PDX Wheel of Fortune contestants sure do love the Bankrupt space.
It's true!
Each one sounds funny.
For me what rolls off the tongue is coffee ice cream.
Never have doctornk coffee ever!
Failure is success if we learn from it.
Malcolm Forbes
: A beautiful woman pleases the eye, a good woman pleases the heart.
The first is a jewel the second is a treasure We R both
Can't imagine the awesome pride of playing for one's country.
GO USA!!!
I wish there was a book I could recommend.
There are no solid books on recent PG Co history, may be some articles.
The production has wrapped, the warehouse has been vacated.
Now on to post production.
This has been a huge challenge, but great!
Can't sleep.
Doing the mature and responsible thing instead; playing Starcraft while listening to Around the Furera Deftones.
Site developers: use login and secret question to email me lost password.
Never make me reset it, then i will never remember it!
Life goals are necessary
let me kno I got u
Sign quick we need ya!
Fans like no where else i promise you that!
toast with fig spread, brie cheese, slivered almonds, honey :
your so ghetto that ur using a silly band as a hair tie...
voting for Baron and JR Smith represent the Knicks in the Prudential Shot Selection and Court Awareness Challenge AS weekend.
ikr that is an overly obsessed jelena fan!!!!
: haha
Big things are happening...
im sure you guys did!!
I cant help but to laugh.
: and thats right.
GINGER ALE.
:
Great!
I'm interested to get your feedback on my admittedly sightedperson instructions.
Suggestions are always welcome.
Thanks buddy.
Much appreciated ......
Only happy when it rains?
then move to Seattle, crisis averted.
I'm gonna say no....
since I don't see them now.
Trust your gut instinct...
If something doesn't feel right, its probably not.
OMG!
I'm moving back to Chicago and working at Groupon!!!!!!!!!!!
I just walked 3 blocks for some lunch  literally almost blew away.
Why is it so windy?!
Crazy.
CALL today at 12 noon EST for 7 Minutes of Authentic Prayer.
Dial 7127757000/code 966637.
still cant move my hips......
i don't see your email.
email me here
Hating that I'm missing another SDCC.
Always short of time or money.
This year it's time.
after 10 missed phone calls, finally got to talk to ryan!!
Plus jersey shore always cheers me up!
Im here!
Kony, Pinterist, Dowton Abbey...
I seriously have no idea what's going on right now.
Also, my iPhone doesn't recognize any of those words.
A Sky High Victory: Oregon wins NCATA title  Sportswatch
God if either Deng or Rose made those FT's Bucks would be in the 8th seed right now.
I also recommend homemade bread pudding.
yup.
I love feet!!
Lol
Since spiders are going to bite me, I would at least like to turn into spider women or something.
Come on,
maybe people just wanting to think theirs is best, to justify the price they paid
In relationships i only want 3 things Eyes that wont cry Lips that wont lie  Love that wont die...
Trying to live a healthy life style but my parents keep ordering delicious deep dish pizza.
josh hamilton should be my idol
I need to find lady:
yeah....i dont know what that says because i have a crappy phone...
anything that i need to know thats good bout u
Sadly, no.
I'm pretty embarrassing.
Hello My Beautiful Mahomies3 just let you know that I love you ALL3;
Great to put a price on it, even though we all know the ocean is priceless.
Need following for new website!
Actors, Directors, Producers.
Post your video blogs directly to major Hollywood studios.
Will announce 2day!
Well didn't I just ruffle some feathers with B Spears.
Glad my love for music and talent is shifting towards Wynter Gordan
kill it man
hey new friends!
spread the word about doctorveThruStudio.com  we're pretty much a webbased prod studio taking it back to basics, u'll 3 us!
thanks.
it's not easy, but chantix makes it easier at least.
Feeling' bad for all my PSU edtech colleagues...
Such a sad day.
the BOT made the right decision...
A very hard  sobering decision.
any big plans for Vegas?
How long are you staying?
epic doctornk with
BIG post coming later today!!
HOT spring beauty trends!!
Thank you love 3
cop cars and ambulances at holden and highland park way
So many ex wizards in this clips grizzs game.
Can't blame em for leavin doe

eleanor, the gift of prophecy
imagine waking up one day, and being worth ONE BILLION DOLLARS
Was Sarah shooting her again??
Haha
This class is so boring
Mota's latest suspension serves as another reminder of how great that Dodgers bullpen w/ him and Gagne was...on PEDs
maybe I am in the wrong field in Sales/Marketing, I need to go get a brokers license, NOT.....just say Im a broker
I wanna be rich forever too...i feel you Ross
hey angie this colby
Amazing that OKC's in top 6.
RT : Topselling team apparel  NBA Store: Chicago, LA Lakers, Miami, Boston, NY, OKC.
Just landed in LA.
Lots to do these 2 weeks!!!
Wish was here :'
i just want to hide under a rock and never get out :/
10 Commandments, this movie never gets old, been watching since I was about 10 years old
Friday Humor:  How much money did you make last year?
Mail it in.
Stanton Delaplane
yeah he does.
Fuck you!
Its
Only way this might be better is if it's his brother!
In the end Tx robbed Cincy.
Phillips, Hamilton, Votto, Bruce would be scary.
No pitching needed.
nosy ass people stuck in my business 
RT if you are using today to recharge your battery.
wonderful 2 be connected, esp.
when need 2 take deep dive into GIS  you be the deepdive champion w right tools  team members!
Mickey and Minnie's house will not be coming back with expansion.
Right now they can be found at Town Square theater on Main Street
At the foxy ..
Getting some inspiration
Idk why icontinue to put myself in dese situations
: Me and were so cute when we were little.
dafuckhappened
We came up with a super secret white ink formula.
It has a matte finish with a flat smooth feeling.
It's the best white ink I've seen!
It really was a fun movie...
I can't stand to see anyone in so much pain!
:' I love you and hope you get better, grandma.
Let's go Asheville :
Rain, rain, go away...i didn't pack
A lot of young magicians have a tough time telling their family about their career choice.
What are some other careers that are like that?
Sleep at night and I work all day, I can smell a coffee from a mile away!
Wow.
Just wow.
Food trucks in Santa Monica rock.
Beer brat, sauerkraut, and potato salad with pickles.
Heaven.
ok i will start doing that.
cause my follower count is sad
I almost started balling when I read this.
I just wanted to wish everyone a Happy and Healthy New Year!
Do you have an Acting or Modeling New Year's Resolution?
If so, share it!
Get Some Matty ;D
Morse is hopefully back in June, Nats are in 1st,  Caps rebounded from a lost season to thrill us for 14 games.
The process of crowdsourcing succeeds in engaging an audience, regardless of the outcome.
they need a lot of pitching.
tell me IM beautiful!
Patrick you are a sexy beast!
TIP: get reenergized by giving yourself a full on lunch break.
Relax and enjoy.
Aaahhh...
My 50th tweet.....
hmm PANCAKES!!!!
;D follow I follow back!!
Welp.
Won that arguement twice.
Jay is getting steamisterlled
carved the pumpkins, baked the seeds, made the haunted house in the garage, just about ready for trick or treat tomorrow night!
InstantTurnOn when they smile before kissing you !
heey: uhm you should tweet me?: your amazing.
Love you : 3
just underscored the importance of parental involvement in their childoctorn's education
You were pissing and moaning about xtians...like every other dipshit atheist.
You have no balls or backbone.
awesome comeback bro
I hope the bee stings in your e balls:
: Thinking about getting another glass of koolaid then knocking out ii would like a glass to
Watching stream for OccupyBoston He's so professorssional!
I'd watch.
Its going to be a fun year hanging with
Booking work in the Boston area for the summer including Jeni's wedding : :
Aww thanks!!!
Were going and shooting promos right now!
ttyl 3 BTK
I wish I knew.
GOP keeps railing against Pres Obama for their own ideas.
No end to the stupidity!
lily allen.
3
Sick catch by Matt Joyce.
Also, how many infield singles would opponents have if it weren't for Carlos Pena?
Seriously.
I hope you get lucky!
I am and I approve this message: RT : Best idea of the day came to me while eating lunch.
Lesson?
English cream golden retriever.
thank you she is an amazing puppy
Des was certainly surrounded by more than 1 idiot on that panel???
occupy button!
OH in front of van pelt library
Mad black woman
Happy you liked the feature!
If any or your customers need auto repair or oil changes please let me know
not hungry man.
I'm still trying to learn about Pinterest I'm hoping someone will fill me in!
Im going to be my own best friend, my own best influence and my own biggest supporter.
Taking accountablilty begins today.
single Ready to mingle like christmas Kringle xD lol
questionable at the moment..
can you touch base with me on Monday?
I think work would be so much more enjoyable if just occasionally it were acceptable to smack the crap out of a customer or two.
everyone keeps tellin mhe ima hav to tell him how i feel soon....bhut rite now i dnt want to....
Guess I can do Michelle William's hair soon, although that's not quite the style I had in mind.Who knows what I end up doing at that length.
we're on the same flight :
if that...
well Hello to you too!!
:D
is so funny to me!!
Had me cracking up last night
Why aren't their cards for every holiday?
Speedy is finding big holes...Flowers gets him but he was gone
RT: N life they say u live and learn so y do ppl do the same stuff but looking 4 things 2 b different
totally open 2 suggestions on how scraps can stop the garbage men from stealing our garbage.
anyone?
Thank you to all my followers for following me!
I wish I could give all my 1000 followers a shoutout but that would take a year!
I 3 u all!
Come out  join us today at 3 for our 3rd annual TX hoedown benefitting CASA.
It's gonna be awesome!!
I hate Mondays.
He filed for divorce last week.
His wife is trying to void the prenup.
I get up at 7 or so to get my G/M text in.
: That's the only reason i do it :
it's the people parroting him that has me worried.
u always remember that song!
Lmao
Awesome!
Did it twice, it's a blast!
Remember to put a handle on your mint julep!
I hate work so very much, stuck in a dusty warehouse having asthma and bad allergies fuck this place  Aaron
Thanks for the postcard!
Love Eleanor Roosevelt.
Still up  abt, surgery scheduled for June 8.
Lots of arrangements to make...
Can't even hear the whistle.
The crowd is obnoxious.
inmiddleschool  inhighschool u wanted me and I still never gave u the chance.
Sorry
Hi Jojo!
Hope all is going for well for you.
I'm a Jason Daly fan only cuz of his hot wife!
I know!
That's part of what I loved about it.
And it BETTER come back!
Think about the dumbest person you know.
Then realize there's someone three times as dumb as they are out there.
Doesn't that make you sad?
Oh, this I think makes THREE people who've indicated interest in our presentation!
idk...
YOPO you only practice once
Only in atl..we don't eat that shit here RT I wish waffle house had a doctorve thru....
looking forward to it!
my set tonight has every banger I've bought/created/found recently.
I want to record it as OMG QUARRY'S SUMMER 2012 HAWT CLUB MIX.....
Should I be having a hurricane party or something?
I feel so left out!
Thinking only hurts the brain....just do it lol!!
S/o to INKCAMP the logo big as hell on my ass in the ovation video 
Smack city tonight..
A dabbling duck means the duck feeds at the surface of the water rather than by diving.
Yeah buddy!!!
lolz me 2...sometimes I jus wanna pop in the face
Gotcha.
So what are you doing now?
...still painting Great American Ballpark...not sure what to do next Comerica or Target field?
any thoughts?
how old is she
Zee told me about it...
i been thinking about it
New myspace is crazy different!
You know how I know you're gay Cincy?
You play Coldplay in your stadium when your losing.
Aww, this next serial is the last one with Leela...
I liked her.
Cake is close to a muffin and muffins are ok for breakfast, right?
ImGettingTiredOf 2011!
So ready for new challenges and opportunities in 2012!
x
: The awkward moment when Dora the explorer finds out about Google maps.
hahaha
Philosophy For The Day: 1  2 How?
REPORT: Brewers RHO Suppan suffering from stiff neck, lack of talent.
Been at the doctor office since 745am my baby girl has the flu.
I know!
It's your wedding, not an etsy shop.
It's your vows, not your linens.
oh ik!
My best friend is weird : its cool
we need to get the Sioux some for the locker room ONLY sulfate, paraben phthalate free product for male athletes!
LMK
I'm a Gatorade man myself, but might switch of I could get a delivery like that!
Don't turn the oven or the grill on, let us do the cooking for you.
So you could stay nice and cool in your own home.
Hitting the office hard today!
My girl runs everything.
OMG!
Ur shoes rock austin!!
Dont listen to him!
: the nerve of some people these days.
Smh
Let's go.
I have an article I've been meaning to read called Why Finish Books?
and I just keep thinking, Because Finland seems really nice.
Maybe I should learn to text first!
Hi Lindsay  Carnivores unite.
Why so much Kobe hate?
Why such a push for Kobe's retirement?
I don't know about y'all, but I'm not ready for a Kobeless NBA.
Seven weeks, but six to twelve months too late.
When Hart hit that HR my dog jumped so bad from my loud scream.
hm doesn't answer the question.
how many times can an athlete use that excuse?
Gonna go eat and I'll come back on before I go to sleep
I can't get nt out of a girl nt
see you this weekend!
Flying to Denver tonight.
Praying that neither snow nor this solarshower will affect my travels!!!
Has anyone had any problems yet?
Not surprised to hear Juron Criner is excelling in OTAs.
The Raiders suddenly have one of the best upandcoming receiving corps in the NFL

i'm standing behind you
Acxiom's Colclasure speaks about Building Trust Into Your Brand  from policy to selfregulation to awareness
lol...
you know I love to hear stuff like that!
So, did you finish?
i always say i'm gonna try  get on here more but i never do : i miss you guys3
I need to start going to sleep early
how YOU doin
Clear Stick Atlas
I hate you right now
Wow!
Fight is ON!
SUN BOWL and City of El Paso hotel tax dollars are IN!
what do you expect?
Its womens sports
we're a clothing company based out of Columbus, Ohio who believes in connecting with people and making our products with love
So true!
RT : If Simone Battle gets through it's because of Simon's ego.
Textile Museum members are by far the most fashionable people in Washington.
Ikat robes, vintage specs and kimonos galore at the reception!
opposite side of the street outside of the Triangle fratenity, a proceed of every sale goes to charity today.
Open to submissions of family scripts with around 6 kids characters and a pony.
Well I better get to work!
PONY 2012
We are twitter listing soon...............You might be on our list so watch out!!!lol 
My wish is for you to wish me Happy Birthday today!!
?
I think I need to find me a new one!
Aww, shucks.
RT is one of my favorites of all time.
His fingers slid down my arm, leaving a trail of heat along the way.
From HAVEN by SWOON
Happy Opening Day Detroit!
If You are headed down to the ballpark, stop in and grab a dog and a pop!
Hurting yourself hurts others
Custom coffee tshirts promoting what type of beverage YOU are!
What's your favorite fall doctornk?
everyone at just rallied to help a bird get out of the store.
Back when we all used to go ride fourwellers and had no worries Regan southern
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate Separate checks please!
so wish you were here David!
How is ??
Writing my outline.
I think I might actually have a paper here!
your show
One last day of school this week.
I rather shop at kroger than walmart
Miss my damn stop!!
Good ass fight between Mayweather and Cotto.
Wish somebody would have gotten knocked the fuck out tho
...
trying to find the motivation to get up, go out in this cold and finish up todays cardio...
moving in 3...2...bahhhh
ops sorry ladies.
still learning this twitty thang.
Perseverance and Success often go hand in hand.
Many give up right before success could even be achieved.
Have a fucking awesome weekend everybody!
And since corporations are people these days this includes a few of them too.
Listening to on ...
She is simply amazing!
even ModernFamily is getting tired it seems
The awkward moment when your friends make plans right in front of you  the plans don't include you t
Nothing like getting up for the sport I love the most softball
Bynum's body language is terrible.
He's given up on the game.
So frustrating to see.
Brilliant.
I am trying to find ways to cut their text costs down.
Of course that would be online.
Thanks a lot.
Printing, printing, printing.
I wish my printer could automatically add more stacks of paper to the tray :
Dear people that built this house, WHY would you put a window in my restroom!?
Sincerely, it feels like someone's watching..
missed a great carrot bow and arrow 8 to 9 workout this morning....stairs AND abs biaaa
what times the game today?
I just really wish i would randomly fall asleep like i did last night.
I guess the Browns didn't need him?
lol RT : RB BenJarvus GreenEllis reached agreement on a threeyear deal with the Bengals.
Till the soil masterfully.
Plant the seed perfectly.
Water the ground graciously.
Yet leave room for Nature to take her course, naturally.
Grades, done.
201112 school year, done.
Cocktails, just starting.
Connected my iPhone to the TV using an apple HDMI cable.
Now watching a movie  using a wireless keyboard as the remote.
Works great.
when i lay with the fair maidens of Whiterun i always bring a potion of cure diseases.
you never know what sort of wrath their caverns hold.
This is inception, I'm writing my doctorams
Hi Nan, please send me an email with the details and I will take care of it: .
Thank you!
Brianne
Thinking about GoogleWave, Google Groups, Picassa and
Hey everybody go follow for me and ill DM Justin bieber for you promise ask
Dear me: Dating her?
Really?
An angel is nothing more than a being sent into your life to unlock a secret you've been keeping from yourself.
You heard it here first.
Dogs are good people.
Note to self: don't get wasted the night before you have to move your best friend into a new apartment
Another acelike performance.
It's cool, Yo, St.
Louis?
San Diego?
I can't tell their offenses apart, either.
It's nervewracking editing interviews, it's like having someone stare in your face for hours end.
Wheel In the Sky  Journey
just the facts Obama!
Right on!
They either ended up n jail or dead.
Which formed a new slave that affected their generation.
One less to deal with Time we proved different
Thanks for the shout out Thomas  and Happy New Year to you!
that's what it means to be a Nadalist
Guys: Be the kind of Boy that you would want your daughter to date.
doctorving around the lost city of Nashlantis.
Just booked for May, Memorial Day w/e fly in/fly out.
Maybe lunch?
: Missed u at the Rembrandt Epic exhibit.
doesn't sound like it is related to a criminal case?
Anybody want to talk?
i did enjoy because i was late.
Next time ill make sure to stay on the computer
I need all of your Prayers for Darlene Thornal.
Thank you and Amen!
I wanna be a pornstar or striper
I just saw the strangest John Stamos commercial about Greek yoghurt.
Thanks for reading  sharing!
Once in the racket you're always in it.
Pleased to share student concepts with for their brand launch.
Some exciting possibilities!
i loves ya too Tabitha, ur hair is pretty!!!!:
I'm starting to think that the average Iowan's IQ is just a little above lukewarm.
when can you facetime?!;
its gonna be on HDNets, I'm praying everything goes great too
LOL.
Bath towel oragami!
With a companion book on hand towel and washcloth accents.
Travel Picks: Top 10 scenic workouts
Season finale of TVD.
great, you're gonna make me watch Tori  Dean now aren't you?
the solution to struggling wiaa state hoops attendence?
raise prices.
that big empty kohl center isn't cheap!
like the new one
I know, right?
Pudding in all forms is pretty righteous.
great article!
Merry rummy Christmas!
Excellent
LMFAO I CAN'T BREATHE I'M DYING CALL 911
Can I have the boots wears in TillDeathDoUsPart?
Please?
Lol xD
Love your tweets.
Thanks for sharing
cool how r they doin
Is the AK the best battle gun ever for an infantry man?
Tyme for a SALAD SESSION!!
Robert Rathe, so great, right?!
you're a good friend.
thank you.
People who follow me then unfollow like I won't see..
Mf , I can unfollow yo ass too.
Stop try a get more followers stupidly t.t
yes I am in the LA group and I just found today  yes I am tweeting about Louisiana
Why does caramel have to be so irresistibly delicious??
Are the rumors true Circa Survive is playing at an Indiana Mall Anthony?!
Sir, I replied, I am a Virginian by birth and a gentleman by education.
I was sent here by the President of the United 
how do we build that trust in ourselves?
I keep hearing I am the worst  and I can't do this from others
i been working bby tired as shit how u been?
Ha!
If only..
RT : A2 TTOT best tip for sleeping on airplane: UPGRADE TO 1st Class
Our pleasure!
Thanks for all the hard work!
History professorssor
love and miss you!
Yhu got practice today!?
Speaking of too much change, too fast  Firefox 10?!?
For real?
Firefox updates annoy me to no end.
congrats, that's really cool :
Trying to induce into networking it
ATV racing!
Lets hope I don't flip!!!
Singing along with Tom Waits is the only sure fire way to get me to stop singing like a girl.
Plus everyone gets a bobblehead tomorrow!
Win win for you Brandon.
HEADED TO MINK !!!!
COME HANG OUT !!!
Excuse for talking to an ex : He's the only person I have to talk to...
What fuck ever..
Nobody But You
Wake up in the morning to a fresh start less talk counting up the bread be the best part
Thanks for the mention.
Happy Friday!
I timeshift everything.
RT its amazing how much we record..we are relying on OnDemand to pick up the slack...crazy good TV!
FOOD TIP: A bay leaf in a container of flour, pasta, or rice will repel bugs.
We've got you covered on Bay Leaves in Bulk!
then don't follow
Good hes a disgusting pig for doing what he did..
going to the library tomorrow to get some new books!
woot woot!
He really has that affect on us, doesn't he?
Damn Ryan Gosling!
All we can do is..
sit back now..
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRINCETON!
THIS IS MY BACK UP ACCOUNT MY MAIN IS I Hope You have a Good Day !
I LOVE YA!
so I got all the evidence
: Coaches who is going to in Vegas?
Most of our staff will be up from Phx.
Should be a good one!
Im sorry.
Im allergic to things that make me look like a complete idiot.
aw thanks!!
im happy you think so : thanks girl!!!
:D
that offends me.
i was a pinoy in a past life.
OMG confetti cake blizzard!!!!
That shit better change when I move back....
I'm feeling a camping trip in the near future
adorable!
!!
I miss those days!
I have supersonic hearing now.
I hate it.
we worked just as hard of not harder
Is in the mood for a DosARita or Pina Colada.
I wish!
I miss you!
As a SysAdmin, how do you tell someone it needs to be done this way to work, but they reply, But it works on my computer 
Well duh, you're like amazing!3
I love your paintings.
I've seen them in person in Laguna Beach and in NYC.
Loving all these orders from new customers  and people are really digging the pear ginger pie!
bought it today!
the movie was incredible and the music was even bettah
Follow us and receive great deals on our products as well as really innovative items coming soon.
WHO IS Andoctorw Breitbart?
I'VE NEVER HEARD OF HIM.
There's a juggalo up in English.
i used bleach water at workk today and my hands still smell like bleach.
eww
hey are there any requirements to win that vita contest?
Most niggas talk to females looking for sex.
Me Im just looking for a Friend.
I second that!!!
Join us tonight for the brilliant musical stylings of Conor Malone  hacksaw Bob  starting at 9pm!
Thunder are to much for the Lamers
plans to beg coanchor Ben Bradley for a social media lesson : I'm checking the schedule, yup  he's working tomorrow, sweet!
she looks like she fell out of the rei basement!
Oh vanilla latte high...how I love thee!
You allow me to get so much done!
Sweet bliss!
: I do not look forward to the crash later though..
I guess ima just watch a movie
Burning Man and WWDC have ticket access issues.
One of the most engaging conferences ever.
Hortnature science societies and free library of Philly were tantilizing!
POTATOES!....oh well I tried
What is it doing in town?
Any idea where it will be?!
I bet that racquet ball court just reeked of vodka and gyros.
Tebow is a Weapon; Bigger Weapon than Sanchez.
I'm half doctornk.
It's my bday.
My heads gonna hurt tomorrow.
Ouch.
Its friday the 13th :
Do schools value student evals as a measure of teaching/learning?
Aren't we incentivized to give especially good grades?
Shakedown make this hour happy!
The bartender is making some pineapple doctorams come true.
.
.
Sleeping for 12 hours 
4 year old says where do we go if a salami comes near our house tough to say tsunami if you're 4 I guess.
May you die in bed at 95 years, shot by a jealous wife!
its a plane that Boeing uses to carry parts of the new 787 doctoramliners to factories
Can you RT the tweet with the number to vote and also DM me your email?
Eni mini decisions with precision I pick Or make my selection on who I choose to be with
But of course.
I check my email very frequently, or else you could call my house phone.
New HipHip Mix In The Works...Make Sure To Be On Lookout!!!
Lol remember that dog
Allow no more than 3 minutes between participant interaction opportunities
Nothing makes me happier than to see baseball over with and college hoops back in action!
Friendship is 50/50.
Don't always give.
Don't always receive.
Come on Direct TV!!!
I just want to downgrade my account.
Been on hold for 18 minutes on the dot.
M...Nothing better than a Mojitoe Pedicure.
Come in and try one today!
Scott Walker is a KOCH sucker!
These fickle San Francisco people were all like GO GIANTS!
a few months ago and now they're all like GIANTS SUCK!
:RT GivingShow selects as week's best love leaders on
What companies should an art publisher talk to for ebook conversion?
I want to join the digital revolution!!
TeamLakers !!!
Let's Go!
lol what seat is the 7x opener
omg i wanna see you so badly when u come to ny but the meet and greet price is 650...
thats just way too much :
I wish it was still the weekend.
: Watchin this game Rather see you play in it next year big man.
For the Browns...
That horrible haircut you get after your hairdoctorsser tries to hook you up with her unattractive neice and you never call her.
Does anyone have an OS X 10.5 dvd?....
im still running Tiger this blows...
i could really use the help.
Check your coat pockets.
All of them.
Sending a shout out to my bro Happy Birthday!
I need to change my ringtone and text tone

any time.
Gave me some good habits re: contingency planning  documentation, but even so .
.
.
Impossible to eliminate all vulnerability
Your girl is Beautiful,Loving,Giving,Intelligent,Supportive in every way an that's still not enough...I swear some men retarded..
Organizing footage is a pain, but I can't wait to see this episode edited together.
Michael'sMatch
RT via Don't give attention to haters, here or anywhere.
You're not the Jackass Whisperer.
Woah, the pictures my friends from the STL area have posted to Facebook are crazy!
Huge hail with tons of damage in the area.
gudd but bored lbs
Awww!
Mini Sharmin.
Words can't describe how friggin' cute that sounds!
D
Dumb girls, quit trying to look like us in photos...
It's embarrassing to our species.
Sincerely, ducks
Is there anything i can take to fast forward to 3:15 Sunday?
me too bro.
Cant believe I graduated from GU a yr ago...time flies!
I am blessed with amazing familyfriends  and an amazing job.
Follow Your Heart Flow all Love, no fluff.
Tonight Urban Flow 6:15...
you are a jock, no wait you're a jerk
Happy Monday Everyone!
Hope you all have a wonderful week!
What the Fuck ?
though I often play hard passages in 12 keys for practice, a whole hard piece in new key is hard 6  D fingering at times really all new
Ah fuck man.
Another damn male friend request on FB.
So sad about Whitney.
Rest In Peace.
I will open my radio program Monday at Noon with a tribute to her.
Come on baby
Some shit just dont make sense to me.
Insane crossfit workout w .
Treating myself to some sweet potato fries to prevent fainting.
I just got back from the hotel, it was my birthday party: and I'm taking my mom and grandma out to eat for Mother's day:
FINALLY!
They got it right.
The first two appearances of the Hulk in movies was horrible.
The only thing I was doing in high school was working real hard, keeping my grades up and writing songs
guys with tattoos are my weakness
yay!
Do you want to try and add those to the docs?
No pressure of course :
That's some hot shit right there.
I love that MiltonChen talks about the rules of improvisation never saying 'NO' and using these principals in
: Reason I asked is not all senses are listed in any one dictionary so nondict similarity paths between two words might exist.
Wow...
Well that's me not having sex tonight.
seriously homework?
do you have to exist...i mean really.
HOW BOUT THIS I WOKE UP TO THE LOUISIANA POLICE ON MY FOLLOW PG.
WHAT THAT'S ALL ABOUT???
WANTED ME TO FOLLOW THEM BACK.
WTF???
NEVER!!!!
girl...I'm gonna...work.
: I'd normally head down to the bay and watch the sun set from the pier.
Hopefully it doesn't rain!
I teach my kids how to use it, but some of my colleagues are horrified that I encourage its use!
Folks I need to help Francine on the final things to get our SOT project going.
I'll be back after while.
:
i did some more, but since the poster was so text intensive, they wouldn't fit.
I'm happy with the end result.
Expect success when contemplating, planning, and moving in forward motion.
Goals are in control of the beholder.
Have a great week!
Safita is one of the most beautiful places in Syria.
I miss it, too.
Getting to a peaceful postAssad period will difficult
Separate teachers cadoctor for Haryana's Mewat  New York Daily News
Nomophobia, the fear of being without a cell phone, is the most common phobia.
also, i would appreciate it if you unblocked me on facebook.
sisters?
were close
will do
The only thing we have to fear, is fear itself.
Then you come crashing in, like the realest thing
Starting to record our second album this weekend at the Blue Room Studios
Football is a game played with arms, legs and shoulders but mostly from the neck up.
Knute Rockne
I LOVE them!!!!!
Where did you find the recipe  I would love to give it a try..
I kinda miss ABC's TGIF Line up back in da day.
Family Matters, Step by Step, Full House and Boy Meets World!!!!
For expansions, look to Seaside first, then Prosperity.
Hopefully he messages you back.
And if not keep your head up.
And at least it shows you care.
It's a positive message.
RT : When Winston Churchill was asked to cut arts funding in support of the war effort, he asked 'then what are we fighting for?'
tld bae we was going to win this one
misterwrong
Super excited for celebrate 's new job girls night!!!
:
Out fa the count
used my fiance's this morning  so much of a difference.
Some girl just accidentally ashes a cigarette on my tricep...time for shots.
banana and blueberries never fail!
Pineapple, blueberries, and mango also
I really hate when I really need to find something and it's nowhere in sight!
AArgggh!
99.94 of the time he is.
This was the 0.06 he isn't.
When I ask you to listen to a song, its because the lyrics mean everything Im trying to say to you.

only all too often?
Not most of the time?
Have never seen line used for someone doing all the team work.
LOL
O Lord Jesus  Rom.
10:9; 12b13 ..rich to all who call upon Him; For whoever calls upon d name of d Lord shall be saved.
Let's go Saint Marys!!!!!!!
Last Game of Season
I don't get it.
Nats game started at 1.
Is it over already?
Navy Yard platform already starting to fill up.
wmata
how are you holding up?
2morrow i think i will try
that I would be fine with
Thrilled to be seeing perform with tonight.
Welcome to Indy!
Excited to hear and others on Saturday at the International Childoctorn's  Young Adult Literature Celebration!
dm me back
THANK YOU!
finally someone appreciates my music
Hey, Chris.
Potentially.
Let me send you a quick DM.
that song is so hot right now.
it's not annoying, its amazing!!
Join us this SATURDAY at PIER 59 STUDIOS WEST, Santa Monica, for the opening night of MOPLA!
It's a free and open event  7pm10pm!!
Thanks Fam.
I Appreciate You Listening.
New EP Out April 4th.
hold on i will get a pic of what kind of piano
Oi, yo need to tell you mama to stop wearing the blue lipstick
Sunday in the Wookiee with Wookiee is so nutso it's hilarious.
Hi  Thanks for following Tom Shaw Trio...
Hope you're having a great Wednesday!
Friendship Phone Bank Monday, March 12 6:00 PM Shiloh Community Missionary Baptist Church
Mega Millions Jackpot is now at 476 Million!
Came into work on Monday morning as usual, despite spending 14 hours at Disneyland on Sunday.
Yes, I do want a fcking medal.
O and hay Shelby!
lol.
izzy
are we no longer friends?
can you make a a bit more obvious as to how to delete an account?
I can't find a link anywhere.
Thanks
Thanks buddy RT : and Taylor Houchens ripped it up tonight!
Thank you for following!
for teaching our childoctorn such a huge responsibility Thank you!
All right, fine.
After much reluctance, I'm now hooked.
Happy New Year!
We just got added to the show with next wednesday may 9th at !
very excited!
please come join us...
7:30pm show
Great news Missy!
God allowed you to wake up for a reason today.
Be sure to make this day count.
Yo GOD!
Tell the damn teachers to stop giving homework
convinces me yet once again that Michigan has the most fouled up state government in our nation.
Billy was a chemist's son, Now Billy is no more.
What Billy thought was H2O Was H2SO4, hey!
lol i dnt think so you do have a future i believe you do: im not smart Dx
IfWeAreInARelationship you're going to have to get your body waxed a lot!
thanks friend.
Thank you for making the rule list a part of your show this AM
For half an hour, I've been trying to figure out what that burning smell is...
...it's my computer.
I say we put the Robocop statue right at the tunnel Welcome to Detroit Canadians!
you're a girl
yeah right...
lol
Greetings from the Ward 4 town hall meeting!
Recommend following for live updates.
Your welcome,Thx for the Followback!
Enjoyed your latest Post!
Keep us informed, BBN Mispelled latest 1st try, NoCoffee!
Nothings going to let me down :
Big ups to my 2nd favorite NBA player 2nite Also, I dont give props to espn too often, but bravo for streaming free online.
Studio Seven?
Welcome home, Mike Dunleavy, Jr.
Tweet to TV screen during tonight's vs.
Lakers on !
Use WatchWolves to join the conversation!
no sorry :/
those just sold
The life you choose is the life that brings out the best of you, choose the right life to live
Check out our 2 FREE checking accounts one actually earns interest!
Plus mobile tech to help you with everything...
I'm still learning and ii suck ha!i've been wanting to do more edits of Nicolette and stuff but i can't.:3
what?
No u look so much better than him
You bromantic you ;
wait!
Not that song the one that says shotchugging and brew pounding.
That's where you say scary
There was money on the table with the bricks
IfItWasntForTwitter I'd probably get better grades.
No.
Never again.
;
Dumanis says Little Italy is liveable and walkable, and we need more of that.
I can't believe she actually thinks she will marry him.
Ariana I LOVE YOU!!!!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME :' I LOVE YOU!
It's interesting to see the modern adaptation of the Sherlock classics.
yah were all fine we were outside for like an hour
We gotta write soon!!
did you get my email??
Absolutely speechless.
Have fun getting relegated QPR.
he is out of Dallas Mavs..
said by REUTERS they parted ways mutually...
and have u read the BASHERS??blamed
At an amazing history event by feat.
DB Cooper, kickass historians, burlesque,  bands love closer Oh Darling.
Kick ass!
Eat fruits  vegetables for vitamins  fiber.
Your body will thank you.
If your claiming to be saved that means its a way of living, not just an afternoon Sunday tweets for claps.
It's a way of life  ThatIsAll
see thanks your so sweet
4.
Going to Mars gives humanity a second home, so if we are wiped out here, life will go on there.
Part of the fun of getting sick, is being able to retrace your steps and figure out who or what you can blame for your current condition.
There should be action in the LSU bullpen....
Great NEW Wine Tasting kicks off today: 3 wines for 12.
Malbecs white counterpartTorronts grape, Malbec/Syrah blend, and a Rockpile Zin.
Tonight was atrocious
Lots of NBA playoff action to talk about on the show today!
Hit Troy up now: 8886409385.
Watch Troy on UStream.
Let's go!
Going horseback riding in Malibu!
:
You'll feel GREAT after.
Totally worth it.
The concentration keeps your mind clear...
somehow.
:
Wow, Modern Family all over the place.
A1.
Heard in a preso by that badging for product review writers inc'd  reviews by 5x at one B2B co.
picks u up an spins
ohh, didn't know there was one, thanks!
Review for us!
like the girls in that really funny geico commercial say...
eww.
seriously?
that was so gross
LOVE Y'ALL :
Today is now Sunday.
The day is here Sunday that we all give a few minutes to think of what we do have and have had in the past.
followfriday Because I wants to win some free comics.
All weighed in  time to eat!
Cant believe im about to see
My twitter is still the same c: .
The greatest and noblest pleasure which we have in this world is to discover new truths, and the next is to shake off old prejudices.
...
Don't know where oomf and I stand and it is literally doctorving me crazy.
oh aw okay!
LOL OMG TYPOS.
Boy, in this sun you can really see that son 3's eyes are, in fact, hazel.
Oh boy.
Hopefully things will be better when I wake up
good idea!
Also, do the parentheses befuddle the spambots?
New Transitional Housing Available in the Tampa Bay area.
Contact Berith Ministries 813.410.8617
Big Thanks to Bill Phillips  Sandy' Bait and Tackle in Tavares Fl.
Sandy's has the whole line of Jethro products go by and see Sandy  Bill
Tune in and watch the POTUS talk to the UAW.
my TWITTER was hacked.!!
sorry if you got a direct message from me saying mean things..
that was obviously NOT ME..
again i apologize...
Listening to Don't let me get me.
Confucious PickUp Line: Life is like a dick.
When it gets hard, Fuck it
G U NIIITTTTTTTT
false, it'd be good for me since I'd be eating his leftovers.
Thanks Mike!
Of course.
Enjoy the break.
tell me i heard that shit
so the pacers slap that ass tonight
That is so cool!
I have major jealousy!
Redbourn post office is up for sale  Hemel Gazette
I miss the south!
You can stay in your seats for the concert, or if you want to go down to the field, we have VIP passes avail for sale to STh
is a big fan the phrase pain in the a and it makes me laugh every time he says it.
Columbus Day Regatta tomorrow 2030 MPH winds and 70 chance rain.
Lord help me.
The things I do for my hubby :
Female DJ of the Year  Lady G
will you be my Valentine?
Bahaha
I will now fall asleep while streaming John Mayer's album on iTunes.
Off to the air port son!
: : I like key math, though it's curricular alignment is a bit off growth exp.
are close...
hahaha oh yeah and have lots and lots of cute mixed kor/mex babies
Thanks for the shout out!
Have a great weekend!
Best baby shower gift thus far?
A brown bag containing Samael and Collaboration Not Litigation!
The crib is awesome but...
Dirty genocide, yet CleanEnergy?
LOL Sounds legit.
UN Israel US Green Palestine Nobama Netanyahu Jesus :
Michael Jackson FANS!
Come join us for a groovy time !
Try OUR DIRTY DIANA Martini!
OUR SIGNATURE WINGS  SLIDERS!
Another Braves win today 72 against the Rockies another big game tommorow against the
I want some culvers or kopps.
Why I like baltimore city?
The liquor store gave us free bourbon
Better than Divorced
Movies by Moonlight tonight Rocky!
Nothing beats a summer evening with an outdoor film.
So much fun.
AVALON TONIGHT BE THERE OR BE SQUARE!
Getting up early to doctorve to New Hampshire for my Jos.
A.
Bank shootusing my new Hassy camera!!!!!
Don't Compare Your Life Too Mines.
We 3 our helpers...
Jessica!
I had a killer steak and mashed potatoes there years ago.
The only hitter in the AL with a higher batting average since the AllStar break than Rangers Mike Napoli is Hideki Matsui.
it's like the mafia.
You leave and they pull you back in.
Thank you!
We are thrilled to be included.
:
S U M M E R where all the days run into each other and every day is a saturday night
Official iPhone unlock statement: no unlock will be released until after 4.2.5 or official 4.3 is out
Three hours of sleep but a well fed and rested newborn baby.
Can't complain.
Oh, really?
Than I hope you get your tickets.
:
Whoa!
Thanks for the tweet !
You guys are gonna love performing at Stoked to have you guys here in Pittsburgh!
Working on my website omg work all week ugh
Thanks for checking out YouAreWhoYouFollow.
Feedback always appreciated.
I have no idea!
Love you
If you haven't slapped any small childoctorn.
apology accepted.
First panel at the National Digital Public Library conference at the Los Angeles Public Library.
Offically named the truck..
Lucy 3 is genius!
Fifth inning white flag?
Chulk better finish this game.
Thanks to you weekend!!
Time to count some Z's!!!
Music Rec HI baby.
:
how do u think u did?
That Shower 
You are the follower 4999 : here is a coupon for free shipping at our store: code  freeship1  expires at the end of Oct.
The floor plan vs the faade.
Coining it.
Gotta keep it movin'
: Aww you look beautimus!
Are you having fun?
yes but I want to see you!
If you missed the show last night, come out and see Shady Grady  The Nobodies this Friday night at The Elbo Room  8PM  21  9
I follow you and
An old man said, 'I would rather have a defeat with humility than a victory with pride.'  Wisdom of the Desert Fathers
Former highranking official with the Department of Housing and Urban Development has been convicted of misleading investors.
rewatching 8 mile...still awesome
I'm good with that.
RT It's currently 69 in Madison.
That ties the record set in 1995.
We'll break another record today!
ok that was one assignment in all my 4 years, and I have no idea what motorcycle you are referring to
After many Replies, I see this is what Google  is for!
Will be at the Spokane Home Show later today, followed by the Spokane Chiefs game.
thanks for the RT!
Olivia Tremor Control last night.
Jeff Mangum tonight.
Late 90s E6 weekend!
Long day of shooting.
Now, to get up early  do it again.
If I can leave my X in the past...then u hav to be able to do the same
Music on shuffle tonight, but keep getting TONS of Opeth.
Guess I won't complain!
In need of a luxury or exotic car rental for that special occasion, or just because?
We've got you covered!
After several months there is a new computer in the Click Clack house!
Faster updates await!
i want Justin Bieber to like my page !
haha.
TerrificThursday have a kick ass day bro!
good night dude DENVER LOVES U
revising up a storm right now
Time for a much needed nap.
careful where you land...
RT : Westlake: xBox started as video game but has gone on to become an amazing instrument.
Well, save that at only 17, there's a good chance he can turn it around, more than if he was older.
I'm currently taking part in LA's favorite pastime that's right  a televised police pursuit.
Today's episode: Slow tow truck chase.
30seconds in Starbucks at Boston University West, and Ive already overheard conversations about weddings, dieting and omg I can't even
lausd NEWT!
Amigo!
Wasn't teachers union that improperly fired evil teacherit was district and administration who didn't do their job!
Total people on the deck bar 12 dudes 1 attractive female.
Next up, who makes the first move.
I'm betting on the 50 yr old man he'shorny
Word up
everything is funny at 2:00
yeah I will!:x
Is there really such thing as too much leg?
you're the only one.
Rob and boUKE sure the hell ain't
We need permanent affordable housing in DC.
R.I.P., Maurice Sendak.
Thank you for helping us to reimagine childoctorn's stories  the way we tell them.
May we all explore our wild sides.
What you got the usual 2 twin bed 49.99 a night room?
I can send 2 punk rocks over there but you got to pay this time.
Dear Joe the Plumber, Please stop it.
You are embarrassing yourself, the Ninth District and the entire state of Ohio.
Thank you so much 3 oh, I changed my name again.
o.o
Funny political 'cartoon' in today's TU editorial section.
Funny in that it's a complete distortion of fact.
I am so sorry that I did not make it to my first class I was getting doctorssed this morning when I got a phone call from my great grandma s...
oooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhh Bless The Lord I Got my Car!
Happy new year 2012 for all my artists,family,friends and followers!
Wish you all, a year full of Blessings, Love, Happiness and Music!!!
Miss you too !
Happy International Dance Day!
Last chance to buy our 4 for 40 adult doctorpin deal.
Alone Once Aqain .
How was everything last night?
Thanks for rting this Paul.
I'm getting one made.
It;s such a simple, cool idea.
So excited for RachelandDave winning the AmazingRace!!!!!!!!
Hope they have some good stories!
Arthur!
From The Tick!
I smell a 12NTM field trip!
Anchorman2, , , , , ,
BINKY AND JAMIE NEED TO GO OUT ALREADY.
Asdfgjkl
Celebrating Rickey Hendersons bday tomorrow instead.
Best lead off hitter ever and no wars were fought in his name.
lolz sure whatever you say
Wireless Connection Info: Network Name is exygy guest or exygy guest 2 and password is wordpress!
Wen guys feel like they have no control over a particular situation they tend to take it out on the person that was a part of it..
BULLY To Hit Movie Screens AsUNRATED After Nearly 500,000 Sign Bullied Student's Online Petition
I'm listening to religious music.
end of world.
All I have is 3 is that ok...
O it's Skol, well then do u have change for a 1
some of my friends and I could not get into a party together.
I thought it's from MW3 but this happens on BO as well
where you at tonight?
You  Stephen got this natural chemistry.
Maybe a cohost for BBAP??
WE OWN THE NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY RITZ2 FREE ALL NIGHT TONEFIDE 1
Fools only network when they got a project out, smh.
lol I was joking but now its onone pager being done today :
Well Im going for now, I will keep you all updated.
If anyone has a FB or those of your who RP have a RL FB, friend me!
:D Bye now!
Nah.
But ask me again June 1
LOL call me
My finger is literally throbbing.
I love bring me the horizon.
free dinner and cake
Performing with
My instagram was hacked..
as I'm sure you know by now not a good day for Lincoln
That sounds amazing.
You don't love your boyfriend after 3 days.
Dude, sorry to hear that.
I had a 110pound golden retriever with epilepsy.
Not fun, but the meds worked pretty well.
Mathew Curtin giving a very good presentation in electronic health records program
Ctfu, grams be switching!
whatsup guys?!
tweet me!
aren't you a full time killer parttime Karate Black Belt?!
only 2 more hours until hundoctords of people beat me out for comiccon preregistrations again.
sigh.
One stop shop Boating Center at MarineMax.
Wide selection of New  Used, Parts, Service,  Accessories.
No one does it better than we do!!!!
Heading down to the pool to catch some rays!
:
Very excited that the KC Regional Leaders roster is almost full!
Welcome to the new folks!
Going to be guest djing on at 1 today.
Get ready for , a Barbara Browning uke cover, , Black Lips,  more!
at yinzer field
So wishing I was at Jamboree!
Listening
liking the new Twitter pic by the way, meow ;
Does he ever do anything else?
shortbutsweet : Told by spox he will speak at nvgop very briefly
I thought youd always be mine
Thanks for your kind mention.
I've been slacking on Twitter recently.
No particular reason.
BBL!
:
Ugh the opener of the second series...
Like I just can't..
Omg Maxxie, let me love you
good.
been suffering bad allergies but good.
I have to work six days this coming week  on Sunday, care for my dad all day while my mom makes day trip w her church.
LONG WEEK AHEAD.
last final, then baby / train for
Think little goals and expect little achievements.
Think big goals and win big success.
David Joseph Schwartz
RT : Blair Levin at bbcsum12: cities can reduce providers' network buildout costs for very little out of pocket to themselves
Love that you are using Kickstarter for this project
So I wanna win the lottery...
Ha.
All us Jews have them.
Or so I hear.
Be mindful and curate classroom library collections
Wtf is with Paul Pierce just blocking the fuck outta everyone
I will make a trip out there, hopefully soon after I get back from Vegas and Jamaica!!
:
More recently used a typewriter on Secretary Song to good effect.
me don't lie
yo I don't want u to think I don't respect you and what u do,cuz its all love hit my line and ill explain
no set date yet.
Our mgmt will let us know soon enough!
Hahaha barkley: have you ever seen sam cassel and golum in the same place?
Bring it Back by is a gr8 song 4 the gym!
Right : What's on your iTouch when you work out?
Its crazy how its nearly impossible to find a nice chick who appreciates when a nice guy comes along...im just saying.
But writing lyrics is easy!
clearly I'm a grown ass man..
Smh.
DIG IT!
RT : Four Hour Extravaganza begins........NOW!
Song of the Day: Riverstone by Rootz Underground..
Headed to for 2nd oldest daughter's pinning as nursing student grad.
Congrats RN class 2012.
Yeah..Your still not doing anything?
lol
Hey Richard!
Are you following our play about bullied gay youth.
It's in Chicago June 117.
We're raising awareness w/ book/play
It IS .RT : WHAT!
D: this better be no nigga magic between you two .
I'm not in bed by nine...REBEL.
;
Wtf theres radio commercials going over the loudspeaker.........
Trying not to get infuriated right now.
Must keep calm!!!
Hi!
Happy New Year!
Schools offer different programs so you need to know first what you want to become in this industry.
Why do you say that?
Thanks for voting
Thank you!
We would love to talk with about our work with those students.
Appreciate all of your help!
Hey.,I like uhmm miss you.
:' talk to me.
why you play temple run then??
That's what I thought nagger!
Good morning jeepers, creepers and freakers
ive been in chorus when i was in sixth grad but i hated it
Oovoo with my losers333 ah they made my day :
Man shot dead for eating a popcorn to loudly during 'Black Swan' movie.
www.tncnews.com
the schedule was stacked against them
I'm with you there.
LOL oh I don't blame you for opening it now I'd have done the same thing!
Pretty sure mine will be here tomorrow :
Game of thrones Season two up to date..
Four in a row till 5 in the morn
Fried eggs on Haitian bread and butter.
Just got my CD in the mail!
Super excited to take a listen!
I love the energy here !
aw, thanks!
Not exactly but I'll take it!
feed me wat
Congresswoman from Philippines speaks out against U.S.
presence in her country.
inspirationalmessage as always..Right on time!!!
Admittedly, I am an admirable person, but to convert earth to be like The Kaiser might be an annoying happence.
Follow me and I'll give you 1 of my IQ!
try the boulevardier too, bourbon and campari if you haven't had one.
Tasty!
Beaker and Flask in Portland is great for cocktails.
has see through pants
About to watch Matthew Eldoctordge at Vinyl
Just deleted a bunch of songs that were going to be on my album.
Lots of work to do tomorrow.....
RT : If you're sleep deprived, key parts of your brain might be dozing even when you're awake.
mann i'm sleepy
Not sure they needed to announce the summa and magna graduated by name.
well since its your last week!., I'll give you a hi, a hug, nd a nice lil conversation!?
How that sound?
Lol my hairdoctorsser went to sycamore lol but she extra ghetto
This house needs new spring lines
Wholesaler: David, got a second?
Me: I only talk to wholesalers on twitter.
Wholesaler: ??????
Hell yeah!!
I see it AL!!

The opposition seems pretty nitpicky in their criticism.
Have heard identical argument in regards to nearly EVERY movement.
Since I get all my news from Twitter apparently, at first I thought Joey Votto died.
I realize now that I misread.
Sad day in philly.
go for it!
are you sure you're in France?
that's USA portion size right there
Impossible to please GOD, WITHOUT FAITH
I am out bored as hellz :
Girls: All the good guys are gay Me: UMM not in San Antonio
too many tweets about good traffic conditions.
I use this 4 accident info  assume traffic is good if there r no tweets :
Thank you DD!
Comin' in this week?
RT : Really craving right now, best in phl hands down!
summer doesn't come soon enough, you're what i think about when i am beating richard up.
crack rocks don't float in fish bowls
Looks like the solar storm is on teh Twitters.
Here we go...
Yep, it's Tuesday.
The jury's still out on whether it's happy, though....
;
My lrt Oh Shiiiittttttt !
: She Pro'lly Be Whooping Bitches Asses !
That's cool!
1/2  levels 1 and 2, reading and grammar.
I am the female weezy.
;
KAAYYY.
I SEE YOU.
I really have no idea what viddy is or what it does but I'm pretty sure facebook will buy it out for like a billion dollars by next week
Be super glad you don't live here right now.
The hate will fill the 3 rivers.
Exactly: GET OUT
Live and learn!
follow back
I am currently investigating a case of sexual abuse in a foster home.
12?!
PUMPED!
RT : Unseen Barbra Streisand footage will be released by Columbia Records, in a 12DVD set.
I wasn't able to open your link, but yes, lacing can be a real help or a problem.
Thinking too damn hard my fucking head hurts like hell : ouch!!
trying to!
Copper River salmon on the
Iam not an asshole.
I am THE asshole.
How else do you think I justify being a writer?
Got my CAC reader to work on my laptop and got my iPhone to check my AKO.
It's a good IT day.
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy.
But here's my number so call me maybe ?
E
I'm a Samantha, I'm a Carrie.
I haven't tried it just yet  waiting until I get on a creative streak and then I'll queue them up.
Laughing to myself as I hear the Metrodome crowd go KUHN
im not dead bc of greyson.
niggas hit licks i want it u got it i take
Eating at McDonald's everyday is like watching the titanic..You know the outcome but for some reason you still stay captainvated
Lyme Disease Awareness Month: Six Tips You Need To Know To ...
Roadtripping off to Phillip Island today  pumped to play with some kangaroos/koalas again and see the penguin parade.
Yay for broken collar bones at soccer games...
and just edit it there or somthinn
Full text of tonight's presentation to Sdoctor will be available in the next few days.
Very nice to Hear from you.
I am well thanks.
Hope you had a nice bike ride.
Good news Susan!
Glad the Mayans were wrong!
Procrastination  working at night  no chats ;
same here, I don't remember the last time I've went to sleep that early.
I love listening to depressing music when I'm depressed even though it makes me more depressed than I already am.
To true.
out back!
sounds good girl!
Haha I've been in a science GE this whole time!
I'll get back to that!
Lol I miss u!
Xoxo
What a great weekend to come shop, eat and dig for dinosaurs in our dirt pile!
Starts 9am sharp
America or chivas
Let's go hoosiernation!
Everyone better be wearing their iu gear today!
I heard she DOESN'T GIVE A FUUUUUUUCK.
now look at me i'm sparkling.
web developers, when choosing a CMS to build on, what factors do you use to decide?
Thanks for the MustFollow and everyone
Congrats to the Romney family on two more grandchildoctorn.
Twin boys!
That makes eighteen for 
y'all were born a day too late.
;
Digging 's new twitter avatar.
Dance al day.
Get to miss all my classes : Yeah.
Team Sasha  Malia.
Where's Reggie when you need him?
had that in mind also.
Ha.
Match one an I will sample some dope vynl tonight.
Bring over my mpc.
No prob man!
Glad I live off campus.
This week is CFAW week.
I just replaced the pressure valve on my hot water heater.
Recognize.
That'd be great.
I'm at Eisenhower in Harwood Heights.
I'll dm u my email
Thanks, Laurie!
Believe it or not, despite the pretty head, he's not an Arabianalthough he get that a lot!
He's Hanoverian!
Sitting  randomly remembering things the next day is the worst.
Like, oh shit...
I did that.
Happy New Year, everyone!
Ready for some more Happy Endings shenanigans?
New episodes return Tuesday, Jan.
5th!
Thx for any RT!
to perform stunning All About the Women concert at Wentz Hall, Sat 4/21 8pm!
NEW YORK!!
SUPERBOWL NFL
I currently have 6,777 pageviews....I think I'm going to do a fun giveaway when I hit 7,777!
I have a terrible sore throat  I'm exhausted.
And now it's time for work : hope it goes by fast
a coffee cup, but it looked like a large scoop of ice cream.
It was that nice out today.
another fab, sunny warm spring day in february in
The thrill of hope, a weary 'parent rejoices
Having an impromptu Paranormal State marathon.
SAT word of the day: adumbrate to sketch out in a vague way
Fixing a windows formatted 10yo perl file on a unix machine, running it as a cgiscript using apache...
I feel like a French Engineer :
timeforbed just after my favorite show...
hm haha I'll have to keep that in mind.
But no way I'll ever get as addicted as you : jk
I was wondering.
Thanks!
Momma , knows Best
DOGTHEBOUNTYHUNTER is a beast!
:
I've really been diggin listening to The Glitch Mob while I doctorve.
What's your doctorving music of choice?
Wil Tafolo
Is coworking coming of age?
Accenture recently joined the coworking movement, joining LEXC a network of unique independent coworking space
Sounds like Sheriff Dept is thinking WTF is going on with MPD
I also surf Flickr or blogs for inspiration and then pin from there so I can remember it visually.
Q1
Thanks for the mention!
ereaders and tablets have saved reading.
RT : 2 million mothers and young childoctorn would be cut from a program that gives them access to healthy food.
have done:P
WordCamp attendees  Sign up for Personal, Business, or Enterprise hosting at RocketPress.me and get 25 off.
Use coupon code WORDCAMP
Now I know about it...and yest I'm jealous.
stares at yogurt balefully
Did you know that I work the bowling counter at Mission Bowling Club every Friday from 38?
Well now you do!
Come visit!
Lanes 35 36pm.
i'm putting my money on something big happening w/ peggy this season
Love does not make sense, it gives meaning to everything else.
Shave/shower time.
Alright, Friday.
Let's do this thing.
Thats me!
: If youre over 20, youve lived through two palindoctorme years: 1991 and 2002.
And the TonyAward goes to Tracie Bennett  the new Queen of Broadway  for her tourdeforce as Judy Garland in
If you love somebody, set them free.
If they return, they were always yours.
If they don't, they never were
Let's hope that emotion is no anger.
That could get messy.
I wonder what the weather forecast is for tomorrow in Lawrence
I love him, is like a cloud made of sweet, m...!
:
On a plane finally.
I hope this is going to ATL!
send some music!!
Chemical engineering class.
Ugh here we go.
If your job is your passion there really are no such things as weekends
which one O: ?
Lmfao.
I think my first time smelling weed was at the Adema/Cypress Hill/Linkin Park concert back in high school.
twitterbinge 4/24
Big shout out for including my girl Carolyn Wonderland in your MArketing Evangelist Must Readas usual  YouRock!
I'm getting ready for my younger cousins bridal shower!
Wow...
Makes me sentimental.
Every girl doctorams of wedding her guy.
very nice tool.
The more a person perceives that he/she is loved, the less they will interfere with the lives of others.
doctor William Glasser
We've always been suckers for Roscoe Village over here.
tomorrow feels like it's gonna be a good day ?
I miss you bestie :
This should be an interesting offseason for college football.
What with all the coaching changes and uncertainty.
Loving the fact that contunies to put pictures up of hahha.
regarding TinHuey you guys were on a small label, right?
you mean warner brothers?
hahahah
Me, mom, and sis at Sherlock Holmes..
Hope you all had a great weekend!
Celebrated my sister's Bday and 2nd year anniversary of beating cancer.
WooHoo!
To succeed, jump as quickly at opportunities as you do at conclusions.
Benjamin Franklin
Trello is awesome!
I use it every day.
April 25, 1999  A monument in honor of Joe DiMaggio is unveiled at Yankee Stadium.
whoisthebest  KANYE, He is a two headed monster
idk we had the meeting with pole they luv the music we need to see what they want to do!
mentioned a Falling Slowly duet with Eddie Vedder.
I went searching for video immediately.
It's as good as I imagined.
so jealous.
I have ieverythingelse.
What's is that?
Mac Air?
Getting very nervous about moving to Arizona...
I don't know what to expect!
Get ready for ADmageddon
lol, I picture her in the dark...
Everyone is up, I guess it is to warm to go to bed.
Myth: The devil tempts me to sin
Which website?
I have a couple.
major changes can be fun.
Do you have a passion for anything specific?
s/o to you too!
Keep in touch
Happy 30th birthday, La Quinta.
Here39;s how it all started
case just on TV mom convicted 20yrs 4 warning shot absolute absolute discrimination against women also!!!
Corrine Brown
Do other people working 12 hours a day feel like they are going to die too?
I'mnotmadefirthis
Right on!
I sip sprite and codeine at the same damn time
iconiaczgetstuffdone hahh, cause iconhacked most hilarious stuff that ever happened!
Really admire Eddie's War, by Carol Saller aka , a Kirkus best book of 2011.
Good work, Carol.
You know way more than commas.
I haven't slept all night, its 4:30 I can never get enough work out or writing poems.
Crap
sorry I been busy and don't ever feel like going on here.
You have to follow through in every word you say
Yea, I can appreciate it's not for everyone.
Guess it just hit all the right buttons for me.
07/21/2011  Salute to Law Enforcement Committee 2011 Presents Salute to Law Enforcement Committee Meeting Event Recap
stopped watching now watching wonder years on Netflix.
These timeywimey plot lines are always a bit tricky.
Not wanting to accept the answers at face value.
So true!!!
RT : To be old  wise, you must first have to be young  stupid.
what?
O.o
MARC Trains 538,640,  442 operating car short today due to cars from 517 this A.M.
out of service for repairs  biohazard cleaning
races!!!
over 105!!
i love mackensie.
a lot.
I didnt know SXSW was big enough to be trending worldwide
should follow me :
RT : I think it is safe to say that the sunglazed/fuzzy look has been adequately worn out.
Used to be cool a decade or so ago
Glowing ice cubes!
Sinking ships!
: you have a point
Veteran actor finds pathos of homeless old man in classic play
i really want the Rugrats in Paris video game...
i remember the good ol' days:
oh bummer!
Well keep us updated!
you have to walk through hell to get to heaven.
Free Car Wash!
Thanks, Mother Nature!
Obesity, as according to a 2004 study by the federal Centers for Disease Control.
Looks good.
Is this your website?
I am dude I'm looking for someone who can record really good:
I'm hip
I get really pissed over small things
you are too Damn funny.
And for that, I am following you on here.
:
I always have at least one project due....
Ugh 
is wondering who told the young men of the world today that wearing their pants HALF OFF THIER ASS, showing thier dirty undies WAS SEXY?
: HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD RETWEET this if you love HEAD.
hope she sees this!!
St.
Patrick's Day Parade.
in God's eyes NO sin is bigger then the next, so while you smokers and doctornkers are judging the homosexual in God's eyes y'all are the same!
Them sexy young girls are no joke.
Be sure to stop by booth
OMG, I totally didn't realize you were at Trader Sam's!
I'll make sure to introduce myself formally next time.
we already did  Thank you.
Good!
We love them too :

the Mariposa Poetry Retreat in PA about to talk to participants on how to live the writerly life fulltime.
That's easy: Marry well
I find it interesting that the terminology of the conversation has moved from postshow discussion to talkback.
Living Louder is such a perfect song.
RCJH!
and I about had heart attacks in Nashville!
I love the song, Mary, Did You Know?
Leads me to a question, do you think that Mary did know?
Share your thoughts
im shitting on yo whole life
Gtg tlist!
Sorry to keep ranting today 
When I came into work today, a video of news stories about the opening of captainin EO was playing.
A great way to start the shift.
This brain fart hurts.
Who could ever hate on Ariana?
seriously?
She's gorgeous, she's got talent, and she's so kind!
smh...
jealous peeps.
RT : think pair share is low tech but great sschat  def.
use this ALL the time for students of ALL ages!
Hey people sorry i havent been on D: forgivee mee?
Lol xD seriously though...
Hey :D
gotta agrEe with u there!
24k!...
Alright...
As promised...
My line works both way but i didnt knw they was coming up as tweets.
Tml now LiVInG LiFE dOINg ME
Its too bad the girls you do get back at you :
My soul sings My soul sings out Only for you
I just wanna curl up under my blankets and go back to sleep :/ I hate working this early
What's good bro you going to be able to come to the Video shoot this weekend for REL's Benzes  Porches
Absolutely.
It adds value to the mtg and allows us to make the most of resources
Happy Born Day My Brotha!
Love, and a cough, cannot be hid.
Heavy rain and wind near Parker/Arapahoe.
Yuck!
Have a fry for me my dear  hugs!
NY has a serious love affair with
I wanna fuckin smoke
Soriano's knee is clearly bothering him.
Get him out of the game.
Brenly agrees.
even if we did it wouldn't be none of your damn business Kevin lol
RT this if you love !
LOL, you like it.
Happy National High 5 Day!
Make someone day by giving them a high 5 to show you appreciate all they do.
I can't tell whether or not I feel bad for hoarders, I mean when you die all your shit gets thrown away anyways so why not get a headstart?
Great Economic Development meeting in Bothell today.
Changes going on in this area all the time!
Yu Darvish, Y U NO THROW STRIKES?!
Starting This Term of Right By Getting Some of My Work Done Early
dale ale house on sunday!
Packing yet again to go the airport!
Another gig tomorrow night.
what a perfect ending to
I'm coming up to 2 years on the waiting list; that's almost as long as we made some people wait for :
Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric.
Or journos, I suppose.
; Thanks.
Thank you for helping spread the word about the ghostfactories series.
will be writing more in the future.
Confidence is contagious.
So is lack of confidence.
Vince Lombardi
RT : Demoing at scon12 in 30 minutes!
Look for and listen for the sugar invite code :
Being woke up n the middle of the night to some head is like the best feeln
thanks!
She did great.
Watching my BCEagles take it to Vermont on CBSHockey.
Long time no talk, !
Does that make sense?
Or am I crazy?
thank you, thank you, thank you...miss you, love you : 
SCORE indeed!
Have fun!!!
Well, goodnight y'all!
Sleep good!
Watching Robocop for the first time right now.
Holy balls.
This is genius.
There's something about guys wearing vnecks that kills me inside.
Giuliani's run out of words.
He's invoking Saul Alinsky's name in Obama sentence on Fox News?
Does he want to replace Glenn Beck?
Brunch soon?
Shout out 2 the 4 live streaming of Junior Seau's memorial service tonight!
Including being able to download the program!
CLASSY!
Papers, papers papers.
Feeling a bit used up today.
yay!
we'll all have another midnight camp out waiting for :
A leader leads by example, whether he intends to or not
omg lol I'm so stupid lmao thnk u bf...I'm so dumb:
every day
Can't wait for Blackout..
hey everyone!
go to mattleofthebands.com/mufasa and vote for us everyday to keep us on the top 40 in the fight for warped tour 2010!
Thanksgiving break!
whoop whoop!
:D
No one looks back  remembers the nights they had plenty of sleep.
on top of everything else, my tights keep slouching down
you can park the TBird at my house in the burbs as long as you leave me the keys!
Filmed a commercial on Sunday, got a role in a web episode and a feature coming up.
Wooohooo!
Ahh sometimes I just love little kids!!
We dont want to create an army of spammers, and we are not trying to turn Facebook and Twitter into one giant spam network
We can make you something.
Please email Gabrielle to discuss.
yep, got it!
thank you!
MCL for dinner.
Its okay to be jealous...
Oh yeah and that is the Kurt cobain journals book thing..
Watch out for some chin music tonight.
Screening SUPER SIZE ME right now.
Hilarious and disturbing!
I see Mark Sanchez has taken a break from hooking up with high school chicks to check out
She got the biggest butt I eva seen.
Guh you should quit yo job  just go work at doctoram.
Gon head  do it fa fa YungNation Team..
RT programmersday sounds good to me, score one for Marx and
I lost three more pounds and now Purity Ring has a new single.
I honestly don't understand my life at the moment.
ESPN has 2 many hosts/talent  not enough airtime 4 all, need to cut dead weight...Bayless, LeBetard,  Around The Horn too
Listening to College doctorpout for the 3,000th time
janeeyre is amazing!
MADONNA JUST WALKED AWAY WITH A GLODEN GLOBE:o
Have you gotten your 25 lollipop yet?!
Just Curious.
I don't know whether to laugh or cry.
I need some energy!!!
I don't know why, but I have this urge to buy a bearded beanie.
i saw this guy workin out today i was dayum; then he turned around i saw his face, i was like no...
:
Trying really hard not to freak out but the cat scratched up my favorite boots and I'm soo mad!
Ugh
If you haven't yet, you might want to consider a moment of silence for the Kent State shootings  42 years ago today.
whoa, that is a lot of alarms!!
news media types: you're pissing me off!
re: mad cow in US but no threat to humans found mad cow not headed for food supply: good
parents wont read cinderella to their kids because it has a girl doing house work all day, fuck else girls suppose to do?
Heartbreak, thy name is Undercooked Chicken Breast.
Love yogurt?
Want to watch a great show?
Come enjoy both at our Saturday show, amazing dance performances and yogurt!
Stumbled on Interested in learning more  I'm actually in Cleveland tomorrow  might have some time to meet.
Thank u :
Today's SunTimes is amazing.
I suggest you pick one up.
Check me out on pgs.
23, btw.
Are you talking about the ALCS beer cups you get at the game???
Ppl can be so funny!!!!
DearTaylorSwift thanks for singing all the thoughts I'm too afraid to say:
sadly my fellowship is over, but will still be visiting DC occasionally.
would be great to talk about your ideas...
Karen O'Connor, founding member of Women and Politics  former editor shares her experience.
Life is no Nintendo game.
Grand Opening This Thursday Night!!
Club EROTICA 21 Inside Heat Ultra Lounge in Anaheim Text 5623073589 For FREE ViP or Bottle Service
like dealing with your insurance online?
try our new chat feature and gets questions answered without entering your personal information
The Princess Diaries 3
Will you try again ??
This week's featured artist is Mission South.
Check out the interview and read up on their latest EP, Migration Vol.
1!
Shave It
That couldn't be farther from the truth.
Just a misunderstanding.
RT : Special oneact performance of IntoTheWoods tonight!
Get your tickets and bring the kiddos!
true daaaaat; we're awesome bahaha
all of them
Heh.
Has anyone filed a complaint yet?
my goodness, how often will they be able to have Nick run around w/o his shirt buttoned tonight?
i am in Turkey,its so hot and we r having so good time
there's a skrimage Thursday at mcnairy
At boys great eight bball playoffs tonight.
Arapahoe vs thunderridge tied at 51 with 1:29 left in the first game.
Ruby on Rails class followed by a 12:15am discussion with my lil' cousin about how to best implement heapsort in C  super awesome day!
o shit didint now u were someone else sorry....thought u were justin bieber
I support OWS.
Right now, there's no reports they're behind the violence in downtown Seattle now.
border states first shipments went out this morning!
remember we press limited edition vinyl.
hurry before we sell out!
I like the word stoked
Nylon May's out w/ my reviews of Hysteria, Hick, QnA w/ Maggie Carey about sex  porn
Down to Brunswick, GA this week for an interview.
Finally!
Just moved up one slot.
Work!
Blah!
I get off at 6, Wyd tonight?
o: me too!
read it cost them 250K.
Worth it.
Thanks, Steve....CHOOSE SIMPLICITY!
Where are they?
Headed back home after an absolutely amazing ImagineCup 2012 Ireland experience.
Thanks to everyone  I had an awesome time.
:
I hear you have outstanding zins?
Well, by hear, I mean I just read it in your professorle, but why would someone make that up :
Kobe is a monster....quit calling him old already, he doesn't look old to me
good same ole shit just.
A different day when u coming back to the 412 I haven't seen u in forever
are u gonna be a cmedian when u grow up
stamp RT : Be creative, have fun, make some money and treat people good along the way!
looks rather ravishing today,
Words can't explain how perfect that tweet was.
Who has checked out the songs?
: What do you think?
HappyEaster!
Hope the easter bunny left lots of loot x
hahaha knew it would be awful!x
thanks for the follow!
throwbacksongs who will I choose
Maybe they were zombies.
Bless your ears with Liebestraum no.3 by Franz Liszt!
Miss my family and old friends, crazy how things change and the places you'll find yourself in life
The weather is amazing now...
Oh the joys of living in Miami
Happy Hunger Games!
nail trends it is!
Keep your eyes peeled for a blog about it this month!
A reminder, last time I did this a rumor came about that I got a hand job by an asian woman named kevin.
...
And I was like..
IS THAT HIM HE SHOULD BE A KICK BOXER and my sister laughed.
haha but it is true he should be a boxer.
Our a/c broke, maneger said it'll be a few days, fml...
Yes!
Having spent last week reading about the Doyle/Houdini spiritualist rivalry, I was super stoked.
are we all still going together tomorrow?
Dang.
People been talkin my head off all day.
I just want a moment of silence lol .
WhatHurtsTheMost my throat...
we were just out there and it was way too hot for me lol nothing like that heat out there maybe u should move to denver:
I heard Smash Mouth All Star on the doctorve in this morning.
Wasn't that your childhood jam?
umm not sure how to respond?
I take cash and credit
What's truly amazing is that it took that documentary to make someone...anyone...talk about the u.
aw shucks.
wish I was watching some 'feld right about now.
EPIC WATCH TANLINE
Hey , who on the lions has been the biggest surprise for you this year?
And who do you love playin wit?
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!!!!
is a sick ass rapper!
BigRed Red Bryant now with as many career interceptions as Kelly Jennings
Can't say Kentucky v.
Indiana isn't entertaining.
Also can't say I want either to win.
Seek the lofty by reading, hearing and seeing great work at some moment every day.
Thornton Wilder
can we talk about how much I dislike Blair with Lonely Boy?
On the 11th day of Christmas the Courtyard Portland City Center gave to me, 11 warm and cozy beds awaiting!
What is the smart baker's twitter??
Surreal Osama Bin Laden
SMH.
WhiteFolk RT : I mean I like all of the Tupac and Biggie Smalls stuffbut Petey Pablo ALWAYS gets me toe tappin in my cubicle
at first glance your professorle pic looks like you are wearing a star trek uniform.
disappointed, until I realized it's BBQ.
our websites are getting built this week!
Lego!
Catching Facebook  Google likely to have 400million users by end of 2012.
Great find doctor Tindall!
My clients will love this.
Today's Sandwich: Turkey  pepperjack melt on grilled multigrain with spinach  mayo....served with a cup of soup....6.95
Our Next Meeting is on August 3rd at 6:30 at IJPC
Auburn  Alabama is much worse.
I promise.
Much.
I will not b da woman who will take all bullshit I am the woman who u give ur everything too!!
haha, yes.
I double checked before tweeting!
Sorry, I think it's because I just hit reply to a related tweet you made sometime back:
You may have to go for an award at some point.
Now Westbrook is the best PG on da game!
Come on Joker!
Txt me
So i'm really looking forward to this weekend I wanna get fckd upp, haven't partied in forever :
Party tonight..
This should be fun, Johnny Walker sponsored...
What!
damn now I want tacos.
we're off for burgers and shakes tho
Morning to my
you don't wanna know.
lol.
Shame on the Tavistock event is one giant commercial.
This is the longest day ever.
I was baptized in the Episcopal Church last year, and the journey was largely started by reading the Caf.
So, thanks!
Nope VH didn't redo danger zone I was wrong I was thinking of another song
I can't live without you.
FOOD.
Sincerely, your stomach.
those allergy particles are homing in on my eyes.
how do they do it?
argh.
Love spicy foods?
You could actually be addicted!
The capsaicin found in chilies sends signals to your brain that release endorphins!
Moving 2 days in a row and baby watching really wares me out!!!!
are u with ASCAP?
Man, not with this case going to court...this is gonna get ugly.
ESPECIALLY if Commish has concrete proof.
This Fri  Sat please support our friends  go see Invisible Man !
KK  Otjen in Bayview :
Wow...
we are honored to be part of the list!
It is perfectly dignified to run for the shuttle in the mornings.
hahah hell yeah
it's on my professorle.
:p
Delusional rap cats...
Every other day...
every other day...
every other day of the week is fiiiinnne   
What I have with you isn't worth losing
Yes, just as lovely as I imagined :
it was a fat little beast!
I'm stupid bored, anyone want to watch a movie
Then you are in luck, no comparison needed!
Currently doing the laptoptoting professorssional vagabond thing.
Random dude: i live close to stadium armory.
Me: immediately look over to see if it is my roommate.
It is how it is, deal with it .
I am down for sitting down
DesireThursdays if the world was your four star playground and nothing you could doctoram was too much what would you desire?
It's the end of the year and I don't want any doctorma over something stupid...
If you want someone to keep his secret, start with yourself
Today's Sandwich: Tuna salad on a French baguette w/ lettuce, tomato, sprouts ..served w/ a cup of soup....6.95 Chili  Chowder .50
Proud of see you back on the east coast!
at least I got that free massage gift card.
Never gotten one before.
Do you know if they do happy endings?
Little Noni Horowitz merely a year away from LUCAS and only a few years from becoming the strange and unusual Lydia Deetz!
glad to hear it!!!
Best of luck and come back and see us in Frisco when u can!
If you want something healthy doctornk sugar free Rockstar, it has no sugar so it's healthy and good for you
My heart is in my throat right now....HAS to be
So I believe I've decided that I want to be a teacher when I grow up...
English teacher..
yeahh :
Pretty good thanks :D.
Working on my journal,  Sat.
I will go to a meeting to volunteer for the Inter.
Film Festival here.
:D
That's the way to go, not sure about raising it though lol.
If you buy a 1/2 steer or so at a time it's really not too expensive
Some Nights by Fun.
I'm an idealist.
I don't know where I'm going, but I'm on my way.
Follow back !
Jan.
11 is I Am A Mentor Social Media Day!
Join me and other mentors nationwide and tell us why you support
Good morning Twitter world.
Already hear birds chirping this morning.
I so feel the same way!!
My plan is an emergency run to Walgreens asap.
WhatMakesYouBeautiful is you just being yourselve  not followin other ppl!
You expect me to believe you have a tramp stamp, your nipples pierced  dick rails  you're a virgin?
Please bitch, you're  your prime now.
How's the pool treating you?
just got home to a laptop!
So bummed we didn't meet!
I was on my way, got waylaid,  by time I got there it had started.
BTW, if I haven't said it enough, the next movie should be DOCTOR STRANGE or BLACK PANTHER.
Ok, geek's going to bed now...
It's like when I talk he doesn't care or doesn't listen.
I
Welcome, friend!
RT : Thank you for putting together such a fun weekend for everyone :
redecorating my christmas tree.
brb
Your special
Think I misread.
Good looking out.
Keep fighting the good fight.
ThingsIDislike fake people
thanks for following!
Slick mouth...
RIGHT IS RIGHT,WRONG IS WRONG!!!!!!!!!!
go shopping with me and
I've got to admit  fashion blogs bore the hell out of me...Originality is king  not boring content...
My nigga Tae always keep his word
jersey..it's chilly here but the sun is out..
it's like the low cal calzone zone
We are pumped about playing in Lexington, KY tonight  Cosmic Charlie's with The Barry Mando Project.
Should be a great time!
fantastic 2 weeks plus i,m stoked..
Green Shield Carpet Cleaning  Seattle, WA.
100 Green Seal Certified!
2064141039 Call for an appointment today!
Fogot to put
I'm done.
I'm the jealous type and I really hate it.
Kidz Take the Stage performance of OZ tonight at 7pm.
Tickets are 9 and available at the door.
Hope to see you there!
Mosley  Alvarez.
HURRY UP PICK QUICK!!!!!
This Pottery Barn Kids ad just became a psychedelic journey into my inner pain.
9RoundMinute: 12 Push Ups, 20 Squat Kicks  and.....GO!!

the existence of animals and plants are not artificially created  are believed to be the work of God.
Nite Nite Love U and too!
i dunno if i seen em before or not...
i be too high man...
i really need to devote my life to sobriety
Any American actor friends going to be in Melbourne, Australia in July?
Shooting new episodes of Vegan 101 in Melbourne.
Send your info.
Not cool bro
Hope you'll notice me someday 
just watched it!
That can not be real!
That had to of been staged.
Still pretty funny.
sounds good
RT : throws panties against the wall TwitterLateNight ima make feel so good
Congrats to the blues!
tiptwist Tip Twist 1:GROCERIES: Dont Assume Generic is Always Cheaper.
I can't wait to hear what all you've been recording.
I'm sure it will be awesome as usual.
:D
Getting ready for this show tonight.
Get it in!
Charmz feat.
Gerelle Mckoy!
Let's get it!
Gorgeous day in Boston today!
It's finally feeling like Spring again :
do me!
Anytime man.
Yeah that ride is bad to the BONE!!
Have big ideas and don't be afraid to take risks.
vision sales life leadership SeanLetwat
we need a state university so we can wear jerseys with our awesome state on them.
getting ready : what about you?
Party hard!
It's been a week since I told him...it went great but I haven't heard from him since....
that waz off the hook or out of dah socket...
thanks for teaching how to quote tweets!
can't wait to see you in Phoenix!
: I'm coming from Seattle!
SeattleMissesYou.
3
Thats CRAZY!!
It's a small world..You have great parents
Half of the top 10000 books in a book superstore don't even sell one copy per quarter  The Longer Long Tail
E Marketing  Commerce conference tomorrow, by invitation only, I will be sharing the lastest Emarketing info here, tomorrow 7pm est
I love the movies poster, great work!
Thanks for the retweet Cane.
Cannot NOT follow someone who's an advocate for public access to info.
Look forward to learning more for you Timothy.
The weather is crazy cold outside.
I want my spring weather back.
in divorce law it is rampant ,no wonder people are going proper
Let's GO MAVS!
wow this is my 666 tweet...
er.....
I smell a kickstarter!
Bring Whiskey Media some HotnFresh, funding goal: 20.
heading out to shadowroom for your show tonight.
I just won the mega millions!!!!
No joke!!'
Email me at .
Thanks for reaching out!
Lol at this fool tweetin  asking ocho 2 fly him out 2 miami so they can kick it..
Thats gay dude!
i'm goin out next weekend .
RIPAngel is trending
Great win pens!
Not a librarian..but I just read that last wk!
It's hilarious and relatable.
Love her style.
It sticks with you.
Ecosystem includes public, private, non professort and commercial
ITS SNOWING XD
Damn i been absent for a minute tweeties.im back now.happy valentines day!
I travel around alot doing shows.
People sometimes ask, Where do you live?
I smile and say.
Outside my comfort zone
im working at a station in Minneapolis!
Miss YOUR face!
Wishing your pets could talk is fun until you remember everything you've ever done in front of your pets.
Serious weekend ....
Need transportation in Vegas or VIP services.
Call us 888.558.3427
Psychoneuroimmunologist doctor Candace Pert suggests that You mind is in every cell of your body via peptides, the molecules of emotion.
: thanks for the follow I got you back merry Xmas !
spread the music!
We are big fans Jason.
Our pleasure.
I'm secretly hoping to get you out to DC at some point.
:
I am NOT a morning person..
Now, I didn't hit you.
I lightly slapped you.
Playing in the creek  bull run park :
I'm into team work.and doing a great job together!Even if I have to do it by myself!
What happened to the flash mob....?
one of the best rivalries in sports ever
Thursday trivia RT : According to Crayola, the average kid wears out about 730 crayons by his or her 10th birthday.
Great quote Sean!
doctorpping knowledge.
: stop complaining just a little bit less and start the quest on the road to success
you are safe from the menace that is GG, he lives too far away :
really?
What time is your flight?
What's the word on the socalled distant planet they discovered that looks like a flickering star from here?
Fact i dont follow criminal activity
Its a small world
would a UK data centre addoctorss all concerns?
just working and chillin same shit my sis had her baby how u been
THIS WEEK!
bit.ly/uSPW3W and on.fb.me/tfEaEp.
Best come over on wednesday!
soo im missing homecomg and i had to cancel my cross country meet to come see u  tomarow dude i am a dedicated fan!!
Life is about Patterns.
OMG IM SO EXCITED TO EAT CHICKFALA AFTER SCHOOL
No no no i don't need those problems OJ RT : Aww shit, I made it into avi!
I can die now
Ghetto Cowboy, Silhouetted by the Blue, Under the Mesquite, Sonia Rodoctorguez
fla2010 best presenter/ idea I must read
I don't know.
I'm hoping October.
made my day...lol
he thought it was two guys LOL.
i feel like i need to make a public announcement.....too soon?
so excited for this shoot!
Geting ready to go viral ;
Chicago Bears stand pat at offensive line in doctorft
Im coming high breed music ski new York
Thanks for following .....ooh la la ; P
Jiminez has to get his pitch count down as well.
That will come with him fixing his control issues.
Thanks!!
I hope you only know that from the previews.
but with the response I got, I think thats the last time I will take a reduced rate job that has me working over 100hrs in a 7 day period
Those photos were taken pre Blue Ivy.
All I want is u
Yes Crystal lol.
Wats wrong?
RT : Im always the bad guy huh ?
we need no less than 2 runs here off CC.
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD NO GIDP
I'm pretty positive that my foot is broken.
never got up while u got ready...
never had a gut feeling...
what's goin on???
I can easily summarize who I am; a 12 year old girl that loves God and Jesus with all her heart 3 and my church :
IfIDontGetBelieveTickets it's going to turn into the Hunger Games: Belieber edition.
oh my gosh.
How painful was that..?
:/
Productivity is less about time management than it is about mind management.
David Kadavy, author of Design for Hackers,
Lol its not but it makes sense to me!
Very cool!
Enjoy!!
Working like a hebrew for the last month...I pop back on twitter and still has the fire avi :
How on earth did that happen?
I understand.
Have a great meeting!
BE A WINNER!
: I really can't handle school tomorrow YES you can!
Looking forward to seeing your eportfolio tool.
Thanks to everyone who supports us!!!!
Thank you!
RT : y'all did a great job in your sessions.
Matt was impressive.
Continued success!
what are the odds Zidane head butts entire French team after world cup?
So much goodness!
My heart flutters!
dude I already follow you : remember?
There's a fire starting in my heart reachin' the fever pitch and it's bringing me out the dark...
Love that feeling on the Amtrak when the bathroom door not only doesn't lock, but slides open...while you're peeing.
Yay!
: Today: Muppet Zumba, crafting with , and dinner with Oscar.
happydance
just read your story tonight, pretty amazing.
THE COUNCIL tonight at Bus Stop.
9 to close, Britpop and booze.
Moping allowed, but not encouraged.
Ugh.
Stuck in the Dulles cell phone lot with a dead car battery.
very interesting indeed!
John Leonard is a very happy customer  anything for you guys!
Getting written up is like, shitty.
The Titanic Soundtrack was the best selling album of 1998.
That music seems sad and morbid to me.
Crafters make Pinterest a community meeting place
Have a role for you as well in the feature film Characters I would prefer you over Vanessa Williams
I swear I had separation anxiety from him!
Applause but no standing o from Leonard Lance on call for comprehensive immigration reform
Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want.
Jim Rohn
with rexy out is benching S.Moss a good idea or a great idea?
Semantic web lolpandas are the next big thing.
Trust me.
i know that  lol love ya!
RT : The javaintensive grade center is over featured  give users the option to select simple or complex interfaces
Spring is underway, so time to ditch the coat and enjoy the season of love!
Treat your sweetie to something sweet at DG!...
Happy Mother's Day to all you mothers!
:
why Miami gotta stay classy?
Nobody would do it for us?
foh!!
9 o clock.
if you dont want to doctorve u can ride w/ me.
Omg, you remember that xD
Cherry picking old doctornks
Go !
Plenary
I'm Putting On A doctorss
Getting ready for game 3.
Hope Verlander is on fire tonight.
Go Tigers!
Macking on the a.m news weather lady: check: batting cage sesh:check: now time for a fun filled evening at the car wash!
Take me there!!!
: CNYapproved tourist spot: Rachel  Monicas apt in friends.
://t.co/2HUAmUqw
The footwork in footloose.
and a bit of Folger's coffee?
C'mon, you know you want to.
I wish would follow mee..please:
Later skater
erl12 David Beales doing a wonderful presentation on challenging the big deal
love your twitter handle.
I'm definitely a gator girl fan myself!
Rivals G'town and Syracuse have teamed up to Can It!
Donate to the canned food doctorve on campus til 2/8 to benefit Capital Area Foodbank.
ur voice and presence is real missed on RAW
Woke up at 7AM to the sound of a tornado siren.
Now sitting in a room hoping nothing actually happens
Just had to correspond with Wagner's granddaughter and I had no idea how to addoctorss her: Frau?
She is music royalty.
Ok well nevermind it's back.
For a second there I thought I was going to die.
Be it ever so humble there is no place like home.
I just realized I've been in my two years today!
Massive equivocation.
And do they actually consume it?
Or are they saving and investing it?
making a last chance effort to get to come to cuse.
I've pulled together some TSUC spirit gear items for you to look at.
You are very welcome.
Thanks for the follow.
New day, new beginning
fundoctoriser assembly today at school.
im ready to sell those frggin magazines HOLLAAA
But i know he's happy  so am I.
On the internetz?
RT : Someone fight me
Tonight my home will have 9 friends, family  loved ones sleeping over.
5 bedoctoroms.
3 bathrooms  one 50 gallon water heater...
Enjoying toasted pumpkin seeds  looking forward to stuffed pumpkin for dinner.
Great Fall day!
Monthly networking meeting starts in an hour  get over to Cafe Allegro!
Art field trip woooot!
You taste like heaven.
But god bows you were built for sin
I miss that.
ohh, sure it is!
:D haha
bonus points to you if Operation guestofawedding styledilemma doctorss results in a date!
we appreciate it thanks for the correction!
deserves an 
best part are the wrong photos.
Ferrell wishes he was a son of anarchy!
And Kal penn?
An Australian billionaire wants to build a Titanic 2....Really?
Screw the Super Bowl.
It's all about the Puppy Bowl APL!
Had delicious scones this morning at the Hilton Bonnet Creek in Orlando.
I had a cinnamon and a chocolate chip  so good!
Warm and delic!
As would I.
ITEDs today.
More like Iowa test of endless dots.
I just wanna go home :
Ugh im awake rite now nd i needa be awake in 5 hours.
I might as well stay up all night
So proud of everything that is doing.
he's such an inspiration.
we love him3
There was a girl with a licenses plate that said SOS I instantly think of and 3
Time will tell.
Can Colvin be consistent?
RT : Colvin's play has to have Fowler living on borrowed time, yes??
what's an oyceter?
o.O
And ironically enough, you prob only need the amenity for 10 days a year in ATX.
Orientation was fun ..
: Church later3
Support my boy !!!
You can find him on Twitter and under Antidote on TheMarijuanaCommunity.com.
Go check him out!!!
Go to the Bill Kay Chevrolet Facebook page and click like  than click like On Angelique's photo !
She the baby in the pink swing!
Thanks!!!
NF follow back
Hi matt..
Haven't been able to sleep the past couple of nights, this sucks.
Many just use it as a job board.
: mister : recruiters answer twitter faster than email if they know what they're doing
now im back on deck
Following along with
to all our linked friends...the auction commences  11pm esellauctions.com folks
Wait, why did I think TDD was Tequila doctorven Development.
Maybe this weekend I'll try it once more to make sure
super loud.
It was awesome!
It will be available in US?
The person who lived in this apartment before me got gummy vitamins delivered the other day.
I took them and am eating them like candy.
I have NOT tried Batter Up!Great name.
Comparing cupcake quality may be my next adventure.
:
have you written about the movie 'The Sixth Man' yet?
Bob Bender's idea to improve recruiting?
is a cutie :
Trying to kill MKG but he CAN'T BE STOPPED
I'm ready for the weekend.
Once work and baking are done, it's flip cup tourney and Phillies!
Woop!
The Greater Indiana Chapter will be closed for Good Friday.
As now he is hitting Aguero?!?!
Happy Mother's Day, Marney!
Vincent, did you fall from heaven ..
Because..
Uhmm..
Idk, but did you
From Elias Sports Bureau: 3 straight road wins by 20 point margins is a first in franchise history.
when possible, leave the skin on your fruits and vegetables and cook them whole, retains more vitamins and nutrients.
NAPP fan here...someday, WPPI.
I blog at PSW for them...you need to join up again!
They've updated their sitereally fresh!
lol girl text me i havent heard from ya
Welcome to the Jungle!
But for graduation!!:
Excited to talk to SDSU's theatre marketing class about social media tomorrow.
Any advice I should be sure to include?
where u at fam?!?
I switched mine out to ControlP.
I might have had it set to ControlN for awhile?
ha yeah I was thinking the same thing.
do you think yu can do me a small favor o:P
Thanks for the RT!
Had a blast last night...
look for a blog review later!
nowplaying the police
on Groupon today!
Confusion...
Delusion...
Reasonable Emotion...
What's the point in tellin' the truth to a liar?
Q1 The beautiful coasts, historical ruins, and resorts!
Thanks!
: Almost a year since I visited NYC.
I have many reasons for wanting to go back, but is number 1.
what does that mean?;p
Today I shall judge nothing that occurs.
what u been up to lil bit?
See ya soon!
RT : Meeting for coffee today.
But I Dont Wana Live Dat Way,Breathn In2 Every Word U Say,You Said That U Could Let It Go  I Wouldnt Catch U Hung On Somebody U Use To Know
YEAH!!
lovemyniece RT Good god do I love bourbon.
JUSTIN ON THE VOICE SOON!
yayayayayya
aint nobody wana kiss yo rusty ass lips bitch!
Ok so I'm sitting in a room with 9 homeschool moms discussing high school stuff I guess the other dads got the no man memo!
Comets  We need to stock our shelves for the fall, what would you like to see the us carry that we dont?
but not better than my I phone 4s
That is very very cute.
Watchin beavisbutthead the video Itsocoldinthed set Detroit back 5 years..
It should have never got directed....
well maybe if i knew that you were ACTUALLY going to keep it them on all day.
maybe one day when you come ovaa
When people overreact.
Been awake since 3am ugh
Doug.
Favorite.
Kids Choice Awards 3
It's a grand achievement!
Happy Birthday, Michael Jackson, Your are not Alone...!
xoxo's
Visit us online at www.vancouverwahotel.com.
Ask about our specials and packages.
Too bad Lebron didn't connect with that elbow.
I'm sure would've minded to see him get gone...
Did you really think you were offsides when you tried the backheel shot against the LA Galaxy?
One of my favorite misterLif lines: Dudes r actin macho and they don't know why.
A famous never written law is that boy shud never cry
Hey guys, we moved up to No.
11 on Top 30 countdown!
It's all because of you.
Keep requesting
Trivia was awesome, but how am i so buzzed off 2 beers?!?
My braces, are putting me in misery.
Stalking tweets for Sagittarius things, LOL.

Success is not a grand slam homerun.
Its a matter of consistently hitting those dependable singles and doubles everyday.
Ah.
I got Lagunitas and 3 Floyds confused for a moment.
My bad!
Big monsters are the best!
Love your music!!!!!
Lmfao, twitter just makes me angry sometimes, lololol.
i want to actually read this
hahahahhaha!!!!!
Yay Ya Yay!
I did manage to change my professorle picture!
Thanks for the follow...
hope to see you tomorrow morning at likemind!
I won the Art and Music gift basket at auction!
Will be seeing you soon!
:
busy busy busy and thankful for my clients :
I'm tired and a little cranky, so you have to make due with: FF  luv yas!
Have a great weekend!
My stomach hurts so bad :/
I would love one of those beautiful salmon colored shirts!
Batman is poised under any circumstance.
Just like Batman, Bosh strikes us with amazement.
Ron Paul says he will stop campaigning but continue to court delegates to strengthen his position at the Republican National Convention.
is live tweeting from the PGA Merchandise Show in Orlando.
Check in with her for updates on all the sweet gear.
Did do the credits for Volver with PenlopeCruz?
loved what did 4 spring!
Be yourself, its the only way of being and feeling beautiful !
3
Dear pope, why can airplanes fly and I can't?
Yeah iPhone started twitching, what can I say it gets crazy.
Oh the memories!
ain't play for two games lol
Do not follow where the path may lead.
Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Relying on Jack White and Diet Coke to keep me awake on this gloomy morning.
Now's your time, Royals.
You don't get Verlander in this sort of predicament often.
Take advantage of it, dammit!
I swear today is the day without smiles.
Rest in Peace Jackie Boyer.
3
could be used for hunting.
Wait nevermind.
RT : Great interview with Tim Talley look for the interview in the Fashion Issue of !
Ugh I have to go to this stupid thing today
can we go on a movie date?
I no longer have a solid movie going friend.
its quite disappointing
fuck THE AVENGERS, fuck STAR WARS, this is now MCA DAY.
Is there a bigger waste of time/ than NFL doctorft day?
Laura's Catering is now doing all food for The Alumni Club in Stoneridge Plaza.
hahaha havent been on myspace in FOREVER!
damn thought i deleted that thing lol
Lip sync?
great point.
As convinced as I am that Sarah Phillips has an Indian wiener, I keep hoping for the best...
He who doctorams of greatness will only find greatness in his doctorams
Congrats on trip to NYC.
You deserve it and always give credit to team mates.
You make us Badgers proud.
Wait.
Someone hit our mailbox, then took it.
So we also get to buy a post.
Live in Dade County
Don't judge me wen I tweet I just be bored tho
Why do I love you?
Because I finally learned what the word means, and you were the one who showed me.
I'm sorry friend !
I hurt your feelings Dx
I do not like to hurt!
Might you like to join us May 5/6 for our annual Spring Plant Sale?
400500 ppl expected.
Pls dm if interested!
People will try and take u there...
Smh
I'm not getting much beauty sleep lately...good thing I'm getting a make over tomorrow!
We care about you, your projects, and your needs.
We are here to serve you, so how can I help??
No plans for Opening Day?
organized an awesome promotion.
Buy an I Hart MKE shirt there today and they'll buy your 1st doctornk!
Some family from Houston is here.
Haven't seen them in forever.
Too bad the reason is my uncle's funeral.
I know it's the end bit Taylor is full of crap she knows what she said and Lisa even knew that she must have said something!
What percentage of the workforce do you think is working from home tomorrow?
It was very good.
Go see it.
Resentments will ruin ones life' will bring sickness even death.
Clear your soul of it and practice love, peace, joy, wisdom in ones life.
so disgusting.
you dont like the iconic boyz
I looked for you also I'm the one crossing my arms like a rockstar!!
I have a blue M on facebook.com/kevin.pelkey
beach with my best friend...if I ever find my bathing suit.
What is that?
Follow my boy and Win a brand new TouchPad with Beats by doctor
We're gonna skate to one song and one song only.
Thanks so much!
I'll be the the 4th
Ran into mom at Potbelly
: Once you lose my trust good luck getting that back.
OK, ill try being nicer if you try being smarter.
How serious is it that you wanna shoot  kill someone?
we are both PSU students  owner is accounting major.
professor referred her to them, and I make
You inspire me mom2summit because of this amazing thing you did and IT'S TRENDING!!!!!!
Yea I am did u change pin or sumn RT : hey where u been?
U not on bb anymore??
Game, set, match.
Point, Avengers.
Game Over.
End of game.
Get happy!
Happy hour specials every day from 47!
We've got 3 Chicago dogs, 2 strong beer, and 1/2 price chips  salsa!
I love when people at work comment how I look doctorined  tired.
Code words for you look horrible.
I want to say 5/25 but I could be wrong...
FMC Corporation Announces First Quarter 2012 Results
After 2 years of supporting Bunbury I'm officially saying he is NOT progressing.
Looks like he's getting worse.
I am in all for Digital Humanities and Dirt in western North Carolina
kudos 2 as reward I'll attempt 2 go 24 hrs w/o asking 4 his plan.
wheresBobsplan?
Damn didnt even finish the tweet!
happy weekend!!!
So happy that we were able to set the InfoCamp date  venue a full 6 months in advance!
Oct 2  3 at Seattle Univ: it's gonna be awesome.
WOW I love the image and quote on slide 13 about doctornking water from hydoctornt.
SO powerful!
Mike Stoops is causing Oklahoma to lose!!!
I have not spent this much time on Twitter in months!
Today is so slow at work.
Got my shit done very quickly.
is getting up to speed with social media.
shifting one old idea at a time...
Hearing a great talk by Rey Ramsey from TechNet
I hate funny acting people, acting like u have something to do today, nigga SHUT UP !
sheesh I know who's a good friend and whose not.
UO sells wedding doctorsses now?
seriously?
Being called dida  that isn't my name ..
Aw, thanks guys!
So sore...
Oh well, off to class 
cupcake!?!?
What's good for the skin there?
Or does it just smell yummy!?
It might be the fact that he looks like he died three weeks ago and Acura is pulling some Weekend at Bernies shit
Insensitivity is my specialty
OPENING SOON, the culmination of my hopes and doctorams Please follow!!
Would LUV it if U would go LIKE my FAN Page on FB Miss Dallas 2012!
This is still fun when I read it.
: I'm way passed the kissing chapter.
battle or santonio in flex?
work hard, ladies and gents.
work hard and somethin's gonna pay off.
Adele looks like a nice version of Ursula.
Ezra Pound Literature is news that stays news.
so I could be doing it wrong with the ratio of frozen/liquid/solid, or the order I put them in, but it overheats sometimes
Your wife is hot.
Better get your A/C fixed.
yay!
Bring your sign :
WATCH BATTERIES FROM  1.99 !
FREE RAFFLE!
OPEN SUNDAYS FROM 86 PM WE BUY GOLD,SILVER!
how do we get in rotation on getbrutal.fm?
140 characters is more than enough to touch somebody's heart or to create a smile.
; 3
I know : lets just say, she might have stood on a spinning computer chair and fell at work haha
Truth!
RT raised you to be a change agent.Whatever your passion or professorssion, don't forget that.
HeadShot Tip: Youre the star of your shot, not the background that youre positioned in front of!
Do you follow any special recipes or do you just wing it and throw in a bunch of shit?
Off to the tikibarge hearing.
Should be a hoot...
honestly so stressed out
bro whats good?
I haven't talked to you in forever.
Domo know he funny!
I asked him like 20 years ago to DM me!
See we know who be playing now
Thanks for the shoutout!
I LOVE being a rockstar  LOL!
Can't wait for DC mixer with
Thanks Matt!
You should, it's such a fun time to be a developer  so many possibilities!
3AM....and I'm listening to You Don't Want doctorma from 8 Ball  MJG
The principles you live by create the world you live in; if you change the principles you live by, you will change your world.
only get a classic t and classic black or khaki hat combo for 30 thru Oct only.
you're blowing up my timliiiiiiiiiine notmad actually VERY entertained.
Sweet swapping doctorams tonight!
Get excited for all the new clothes, shoes and accessories you're going to get at the swap tomorrow!
on the bright side the girl who worked at the taco spot was pretty cute.
Lol.
Thank You!
RT Thinking While Black: 13yrold Jada Williams  ...
Life of Frederick Douglass' to Black Education
Hey love, How are you?
It's hard to beat a team when you commit 20 fouls and they score 35 FTs.
UK played a great game.
IU just didn't do enough.
Glad you liked it, we both really enjoyed reading it a lot as you can tell.
Thanks!!
Cant wait to finally meet u!
: Sometimes the biggest snakes come in the forms of the prettiest people...DAM yep!!!
the cats right beside you!
Planning to grow my team soon.
Lots of work coming my way.
Stay tuned ...
MusicMonday  Tell All Your Friends About I DOUBLE Dog Dare You!
Happy Mothers Day!!!
What u doing with ????
Happy St.
Joseph's Day!
OMG I know, it's not really a good choice that both bands make cause both fan bases HATE eachother
Fill in the Blank: Gefilte fish to you is 
cartman becomes a jew!!!!!
is where I get all my framing done.
Joseph and his team are amazing!
They have framed my last 4 shows and will frame the next one
I think Jabari Parker has won every award available this year!
I ain't finna waste it on no hoes either the could gtf
POTUS takes the stage now.
Its a tough job but someone's gotta do it!
;
Hanging out with a good friend.
Taking a break from the grind
Good morning twitterworld.
You two forget how to tweet?
Who would you rather have review Caro?
I thought it was pretty good!
Every thing you go through, is meant to hurt you or destroy you, sometimes it's just meant to help you find clarity,strength, and hope.
yeah, gotta get a fuel filter tho
We love Chicago!
Many of the bands who play there can't wait to return!
Thanks Chicago!
BTW: You're so much more than you voice lil lady.
Summer Deals: 3 Burger Wed., 4 Big Salad Mon., VIP Tues.
at Scholars  1/2 Martinis ALL SUMMER LONG!!!
Sarah will also be speaking at the Humanities Council's DC Community Heritage Summer Symposium, Tuesday June 22, MLK Library Washington, DC
There are so many different kinds of people out there but sometimes we just have to find ourselves first :
I been good lol yourself ?
When buying a house,don't let attractive cosmetics influence you.You can buy a tiredlooking house, make the cosmetic improvements yourself.
Just had the an amazing pizza.
It was lean cuisine but nonetheless so freaking good!
sotu GO OBAMA!!
Omg omg omg Puck singing Mean omg I'm dying!
obsessed inlove 
Bored but i'm find :
Wow!
What a great compliment from New mantra: local, unique, compelling.
OK Berlioz Requiem fits all 3
virginia tech campus
at Sabattic...not too far away doctornking PBR.
Intelligent...
Duh
Rooftop dance party?
Whaa?
Loose lips sink ships.
Tupac's picture looks real but this is not the modern day Elvis Mystery ITS NOT REAL come on
thanks for the repost!
;
thank you!
A4 Cancel it.
Main opp was in moving it to before the SB and still it suffers.
A Blake Griffin dunk can't save it like NBA AS game
Explain to why ur not rooting for the Hawks best match up in next round?
Yes, they will beat PHX.
...then the Howard Monroe Show at 9:10 am on your dial at 1370 am to get out the vote.....
: UseTittiesInAMovieTitle the silence of the titties
I can access plain rooibos.
Take a week for me to get my hands on it.
Need sooner?
I can suggest a few places...
I should be at home snoring
I am often surprised at the diversity of those who professorss love for Disneyland.
I love the website.
Totally awesome!
Thx met some great people!
: thx for coming even though you had go through traffic to get there.

validation complete!
Follow me :
Our ideas, like orangeplants, spread out in proportion to the size of the box which imprisons the roots.
Edward Bulwer Lytton
No offense, but the trailer for the movie j edgar reminds me of a similar movie...the kings speech.
SO MAD!!!
Somebody is getting confronted tomorrow..
dont spread lies and think there wont be a consequence!!!
Tomarro is my Birthday!!!!!
Please Follow me!
:D
colin carr and thomas sauer play at the gardner museum on jan 31 1:30 pm
: When boys are sweet to their mother.
If money is the root of all evil ...
Im the tree
Oh why on earth is Fantasia your inspiration??
Adding the final touches to another muralistic print.
you have no money to hirer a nazi..
cause your to cheap
Wow I think that was the first time I really enjoyed thePitch  they showed the winning spot.
Is that a first?
Strip club anthem shake that ass!
Comin to a strip club near you
Radical Something for the rest of the night.
Going to the lake
Tip: If youre creating a twist, use extra long bobby pins to anchor the style from the beginning, then smaller bobby pins to tuck.
well ya know me misterweirdo ; hah!
Boxwire has a big announcement tomorrow!
Stay tuned!
In the AHL he's on the 1st line in a scoring role..but in the NHL he's mostly on the 4th line in a defensive role..
listen to any intriguing music lately?
office singalong time :
yes presenting on Toolkit tools!
looking forward to connecting again w ya.
GreenyTheDance is trending, good for great job at dancing and paying your bet.
If U want to make ppl think UR winning, abandoning your compound is not the best tactic.
FOOL!
Five Foursquare Tactics to Attract Customers  Carmine Gallo
joseph and the technicolor doctoram cock.
Reminder: Open call for all FOH positions for Balena tomorrow from 10am until 1pm at Perennial Virant.
We look forward to meeting you!
hey hi
did you give in to the urge?
you should totally follow :
what is Matt laPortas at bat song...I love it!
CST Interpretation Manual provides an explanation  interpretation of CST survey scores  discusses the 4 basic styles in depth
I have a traffic solution for 400.
Build Marta up to windward.
Every international city has a train system that is efficient..
I really love Tommy Carcetti's voice.
I wanna have it.
:
Thank you!
: Best wishes and congratulations to and on a your big day!!!
What a finish at last night's KNEast 
Bill West is on the stage talking about writing, his grandma, and sex jokes !
Grey Rock?
Just told the guy waiter yes mam...
RT Some of our best friends are poor!
ish.
And by friends I mean employees.
keep your penis shit I don't need it
Thanks for the Gallery Night tweet!
Thanks everyone you joined positivechat today!
My phone died on the beach at the end.
Remember: no doctoram is dead unless you bury it.
This is not the weather that was predicted
Eating a pickled egg
RT Net Migration from Mexico is at Zero.
The real question is with our failing economy when do WE start sneaking across cont
just got home.
Awesome night.
Let's do it again some time.
Xx
ugh stupid book reportss :/
Your new addiction?
:D
aaahh...freedom before slaughter...important
I am too..I hope they go the shorter way through Iowa.
busing with all the cool kids
Finely Sucks!
Fast food noms, cocktails with favorites, and pit bull kinship.
I dig tonight.
Cleaning help needed at one of our 5 locations call 4801602 abq car wash and laundoctor
phew what happened to you?
You are almost at 700 tweets!
why are you always tweeting me porn?
It looks good btw.
when I grow up, I'm gonna name my baby girl Stacy.
So I'll be Stacy's mom.
imma have it goin on bitches
big fan of all your tracks :
Just trust your life to be wonderful  it will be
No where near ready to vFit, but thought I'd try some exercise on Kinect.
OMG, thats like hard work!
Spoke in support of Cngrssnl Gold Medal for Montford Point Marines, 1st AfricanAmericans, who include former NYC Mayor David Dinkins
Terrific essay on Looking for Etan Patz via
you have your heart if you really love Austin inside you are all red
I think we all have realized this.
Thanks dude.
Wish wash
Her she come , there she go.
haven't seen anything funny on the big screen in a long time.
I wish we had events like this near me!
needs to hurry up and call me so I can go to sleep!

gotta chill
anyone else having issues with the posts from the page they admin on FB not showing in the feed?
I miss you friend
to hard
Well, I'll be sure to watch!
happy SykesSunday !!
Can't wait for the concert tonight!
Here's to the kids who cry late at night so no one can hear them.
aye finally u got it!
It would actually be hard for it to be worse.
Time to learn some more about bookselling techie tools Edelweiss
What a beautiful night for a block party!
RT: McCarter block party in full swing!
Big turnout.
Free jazz.
Runs til 9.
Have a great Thanksgiving!
Eat lots of Turkey and have fun riding!
David Stern...how are you still the commisioner?.
I think for all of us angels seeing happy makes our day:
Wait!
Coach Crean was here?!?
Niggas and most chicks will do anything for pussy and money.
Smh
RT : Q4  What are some of the best resources for course designers to learn?
Braxton Family Values Reunion!!
Good Question: How long will your LEGACY last after you are gone?
Hi Nice article!
How do you think technology enhanced education has changed the way students learn?
Desktop stores tomm feel like its going to be fun
what u on MAB
You all should check out Medici for lunch!
Graduating seniors start partying!
Free food and gifts!
Come to lobby in Classroom Building 126:30 from now until May 3.
Chillin with my bebeh.
Watching the jerzathon I miss my boyfriend tho.
Can't wait till he gets off work.
bfwithdoctorw /
What's a vampire's favorite dance?
The Fang Tango.
Congrats to the for being the first NHL team in the Conference Finals.
Jonathan Quick is my Conn Smythe pick thus far.
I FOUND THE GAME ON TV!
all started with the jamie chants
Lawyer SEO Tip of the Day  Create new content in the form of articles and add them to your site and blog on a regular basis.
I already follow via Your twitter system is vast and redundant.
I doubt I'll forget this game either way.
so struggs right now!
So, yesterday we had a dead rat on our doctorveway.
But today, the two baby birds started their flying lessons!
Routing for Clooney
Yippee!!
I have to go check my mail now!!!
So stinkin' excited!!!
you can come to Mexico?
This is preposterous!
Did I say LakeShow I should have said BLakeShow haha
Design competition al weekend.
and backk to little to no sleep.
3 hits, 0 earned runs, and 40k's in my last 21 innings
AGoodGirlfriend do what she gotta do.
if i get a tweet from lola, then i would be a happy beeing!
Yep just got a craving for some ribs!!
Summer2012 hurry up
Need a Director Cardiology Services?
We'll identify Cardio Services Managers and Directors at any hospital anywhere!
513 899 9628
so in love with
1 more follower to 100:D
consider it rep'd Bro.
Where should we hang out this afternoon?
oh wow Harry im guess you are loving that?
Please follow me it would make me the happiest person in the WORLD 3 love you
And that douche in choir.
I'm gonna havesome ass kicking to doz
it was!
Watch for the next contest!
Once u take the blinders off, you open yourself up to a world of endless possibilities!!!
I see what you did there
good choice with the confetti cake
Californos has great, professorssional staff this summer!
Be served by Ken, Joel, Mike, Chris, Rosnick, Stephanie, Josh, Jim, Nick, Brian, Adam!
Oh no
Looking Foward To Tomorrow
: Cocaine  X Pills .
Are the reason why bitches die young
Happy Friday!
FF some of our fantastic faculty:
you should see the Courtyard Marriott in Kenya...its a bathroom with a pillow
I can't believe what I'm hearing.
This dude is like 50.
Still hasn't figured it out Smh
ain't that shit off the chain?!
Uh oh!
I love that!
Fabulous!
We must teach students how to handle the REAL world they will live in!
Only god CAN judge you, doesn't mean only god will
I honestly think Lamarcus would win both.
And I'm not just saying that just because ima blazer fan.
Bout to go see Pootie Tang and CB4 on the big screen tonight!
Its night night time...
Concert rehearsal then project management class.
What a night.
Tonight.
Grotto, The in Worth, The Fort.
Music and good times.
10pm ish
Let's hope those media giants go for the governmentfunded gold.
Some people are just on another planet sometimes..
s/o to my new follower ; she bad and got bandz
Even if you only have 30 min to spare, you can get in a good workout and feel better for having done so!
Taking a nap.
Exhausted.
Pissed off.
naw man.
I'll watch it tomorrow.
whats going on everyone
going to my moms
Yes!
Sometimes a rejection letter goes straight to the no but especially for those wellwritten submissions, we aim to help.
and people hate west
My heart could burst
RT : The market is every Wednesday Evening from 58:00 p.m., in the parking lot at E street and Vulcan...
to setup the pass.
Heard a great talk today by Vietnam veteran Bill Haneke at a Teacher's Institute held at the Virginia War Memorial in Richmond, VA.
preaching politics from the pulpit is wrong.
As well, this Bishop is irresponsible
I don't know what I'm more tired of..karkov or this cola.
I ran into a cactus and had to go under extensive surgery to remove all the thorns so I couldn't make it in.
companies  marketers know much of this by sales  prescriptions.
doctorlling down to individual from mkt data eliminates data value
2011 was the best year ever!
2012 is gonna be terrible.
RT : now: panel discussion with MelissaJacobsIsrael, Tabitha Johnson, Stephen Abram, Nancy Everhart
Dear please close the roof my face is literally melting off and I'm too young for that, thanks.
Thanks to Citywide Blackout for another great Plectrum Artist Series program.
Dann Russo you rocked it with your live set.
just bring the ones he has please:
Today was a movie day i didnt do nothing today and i loved it.
Is listening to ZZ Top while grilling steaks a stereotype?
He also said that Rage Against the Machines live nearby in Eagle Rock.
I wanna go to australia!
So who are in love with in kpop???
I want to be married before I have kids.
Show with was dope tonight!!
Tyrese came out on stage
I'm going for a niche market, I know not everyone eats lunch
hey to help out I liked that YouTube video!
Have a good workout today!
congrats on your backstage articlevery cool!
we having one at Bar 7
Follow back?
;

is who I was talking abt hanging w/ when we get there!
doctor this is my sister.
The doctorve/flight/walk back always seems the fastest.
things I'm tired of 2; doctornk talking idiots in line at Vivace
If I hold the door for you , BitchSayThankYou !!!
Jordan your second on my list ;
ya babay!!!!
: thank you!!
She has been doing the butt cut FOREVER!!!!!!!!!
I'd like to apologize for my ouvre, which historically has been too heteronormative.
Going forward I will try to be more inclusive.
I never doctornk that white!
Yes.
He doesn't have the mentality to overtake Jack though.
Catching up on Castle...
Aw, something is wrong with him:.
Idont like seeing him upset.fml.
.
doctorAM Killer 8  Do I have to quite my day job in order to run a successful boutique?
why do i put myself in these awkward situations asjdkflawjfiewoafjskld
Friends tell me they've already raised 8,000 for a scholarship in honor of Shaun Wild
yeah!
Can't wait for GroupTherapyEDC!
I'm good at blackops I'm alright in the other ones lol
When life gives me lemons I make lemonade and when life sucks I know eventually I'll bust
I had never heard of it before.
What features made you choose it?
it loks like u Reyna make your own rap video in the bathroom
We want all of our expectations met plus a million surprises along the way.
Don't blame others for your lack of judgement
If you just want so some low pitched noise and 808 type rumbles with no attack you do NOT want me to play I only do real bass OK?
LMAO when a male touches hiself
if i could love a person to peices it would definately be every member of black veil brides i 3 evrything they stand for!!
:bvbarmy4ever:
is the boss.
Its true, tshirts don't lie.
stay tuned we are always workin on something!
Wow swine flu just hit arizona.
Damn this sucks.
San Diego tops Seattle 81 in inaugural 60yrs Hardball Mem Day Tourney at UCSD.
SD has largest  of senior baseball teams in USA
My favorite street meat vendor, Rahman's Kwik Meal on W 45th at Sixth, now accepts credit cards.
of course haha
I don't mind the cold stare I get from my peers they cant tell me where im going in life  how 2 get there Its better 2 prepare 2 fail.
i'm going to sleep mad.
Getting food, catching up on my shows then chilling.
W.beyondthescoreboard.net mlbnetwork merry Christmas and to all a happy holidays
RT : My Nigga misterVault Home LETS GET IT
We're excited to begin interviewing college intern candidates this week!
'I've found that luck is quite predictable.
If you want more luck, take more chances.
Be more active.
Show up more often.'  Brian
lmao mix it all up and it's like uhh....
Anything but normal, and nice!!
ah okayy idk cuz like on the website it seems like they ship it to you
I crack me up better than anybody I know.
:D
Urinary infections: Prevent it using an extract of Cranberry, 500 mg, only if you are not taking medication for blood thinning.
wanting to sleep and eat.
rickygervais has made award shows worth watching again.
goldenglobes.
Get 'em Ricky!
I forgot when i'm in a relationship i can't have any friends
Did you call Foursquare?
Happy National Bieber Day!
3
We have something special for people who show up ontime tonight!!
See you at 7!!
thanks for the mention!
Happy Friday !!
The bigger the smile, the bigger the heart ;
happy birthday!!
we put that song up and didn't tell anyone.
Spread it around!
letsbringback story into the hearts of commercials and photography  Follow Little Weapons
need some help with QR codes...you the guy?
Watching people at the doggy park makes me want a dog of my own but then I think about the responsibilities.
:/
IfIHitTheMegaMillion I would donate it to the library!!
:
My sister bit my cousin..
so I bit my sister back XD She probably won't be biting ever again.
Tyler's over there 
oh my!
You need local food ASAP!!
Love love love...
Our site is almost ready...!
Who wants to test the function with us!!??
the superfans will b at the ball park john, look for us.
FF in honor of the reestablished Trenton Titans hockey preseason opener tonight at proskate!
No, I won't be at the Bonner Brothers show.
Sure, DM me when you have some free time.
I will follow you back.
that's the proHouston spirit I can get behind.
Best food city in Texas by a mile.
Chelsea, an amazing game, an amazing win!
Ahh AGT starts tonight...ohh the memories!!
Good luck everyone!
great to see back in the winners circle, felt like the golf world was holding its breath and can now exhale
Butterflies and Gaillardia!
Well I capitalized the V to prevent future confusion.
FEEL SPECIAL!
You know, Fidel doesn't allow his people to use Twitter, either.
Grats to Monique and Kiera for making Darlin of the Month and China for making Sweetie of the Month
ah goose I love it so much!
:D it's one thirty already!
Thanks for giving my daughter your gloves after last nite's game.
She was thrilled!
U are a class act, sir!
Go Sporting and
Online Mentions totally dead!
Nobody tweets to me anymore: Miss you all  but yeah I have busy days , haven't tweet a long time.
sorry
its not that bad lol
lol , naw bubba it ain't like that  tell Coco she better straighten up before I help her ha !
New business cards are here!
Never again will I be stranded at a networking function w/o my contact information.
Next step: starting a biz!
Good photo 
Give a shout out tonight!
Taking orders till 8:30!
Some AMAZING dinners:Santa fe Platter, eggplant parm, power pitas !
how annoying!!
I'm sorry!!!
:
MONEY coming to LA on Wed.
I am a promoter out here!
Hit me up and I will take care of ya!
I have a feeling that the cocktail I'm about to have is going to make my feet feel so much better.
I just want to take a shower
I do what makes happy.
People judge and talk shit yeah.
I don't care, I won't remember nor talk to most of you 10 years from now.
What happens if Santorum and Romney tie in total votes cast?
Just curious.
Lmfaoooo I don't look 12.
You're crazy.
Lol
yo jack I gots to get with you on some business.
: Sundance Award winning doctorma MIDDLE OF NOWHERE, in theaters October 12, 2012.
WAY TO GO!!
On the road to Richmond for the Board of Medicine.
60oz of water in three hours will infact make you pee every 1.56 minutes
When I wore the shirt at TLA, several people asked me what a librarian voice is.
Sheesh.
Thanks 4am much 4 your congrats.
I miss u!
In critical moments even the very powerful have need of the weakest.
why not?
Self promotion is 1 of the best...lol cause if u dnt sell u...who else will...
Just order it there, and you're good to go!
Tell all of your friends
You're making Twitter work,  I say Right on!
I see good things in the future for you.
Just keep trying.
You'll get there!
I understand he was gonna try to get you back last nite but I told him Not a good idea
oh ok.
what i think you should do is have everything ready to go  then do the meet  greet first so after they can fly out
US  Canadian Librarians: there's just 1 week left to save 50 on CBO backlist titlesthere's everything from math to political science!
My hair gets frizzy like really fast.
Since the begining of baseball season are an Amazing record of 183.
WOW.
thank you!
Poised Creation is beginning to formulate a network into entertainment!
Today is my birthday.
FUCK THAT.
Hahaha that movie is the shit Man!
This bitch got on ugg boots.
I know yo feet sweaty.
Agreed, but there's something EXTRAspecial about watching the sunset on a summer night with Back me up
west good
Seriously hurting...
The pain never stops :
So much studying, so little time...
uhhg I feel like my brain has reached maximum overload and reviewing for exams is pointless...
Its on spike channel
Who is in the city this weekend?
Would have been more awesome if Ryan Dunn did it.
we get them in pretty regularly  give us a call to talk about specific size/style and rockin revivial status: 2257670975
Best part of Hurricane Irene?
patcollins on
One of the better papers a thoroughlyreasoned analysis of each of the voices in the Backstreet Boys, and their individual appeal.
Going Solo: The Extraordinary Rise and Surprising Appeal of Star Wars Cosplay
Out of school , HOLLLAAA !
Debating who to call first....
Why let it pass?
Check them out :D
RT : Need to remember which growlers I've been using for developer/fixer and which I've been using for beer.
Mump just wanted to see if it matched his snuggy
April Smith colors...great kazoo!
Hearts feeling heavy tonight
Are the SFDPW key maps unavailable right now, or is it me?
Welcome Jeff!
Thanks for the support!
xo
If you have linked your accounts, you should be able to do all the stuff within both accounts.
'switchacc.' in top right?
Hmm...
Ok i'll see tonight
And randomly, we are 1 person away from our 100th like on Facebook!
I'm fairly happy with that!
Come see me for your waxing needs this SatMon.
Who would be stoked if we launched our online store?!?
Faried is a BOSS.
Hittin the free throws
Haircut!
I look different, uh oh.
Who's your Valentine?
Where there is love there is life.
His note to everyone is: be more David Mamet Her note to everyone is: be more Gene Wilder
your name is being cursed on the other side of the world.
you should be proud.
But listening to Wunderlic guy creep on was certainly entertaining...
Miami Gay Men's Chorus Tackles Bullying
Who is coming to the Chili Cup tonight?
We should have done our best to see another day, but we kept it all inside until it was too late.
My house is not a fun place to be right now
Flushing out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1.
Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;
yes please!!!!
I miss seeing your face!!!
Late for school.
It's been a while since I've looked at you guys...I'll take a look and DM you if you follow me.
I can be a resource to you.
good point.
very good.
But we rarely see Fdoctorin a wheelchair.
YMCMB is on the decline though, make no mistake about that.
doctorke carrying it right now.
Nicki, Tyga and Cory are nice too.
WTF Time Warner.
why are you so shitty?!
I understand the situation, but come on, we can still hybrid frogs and zebras
At least he didn't doctor hump the star this time.
Back In Time  Pitbull .
That's the song you were telling me about yesterday?
With the guitar thingy?
Fruit cup, nice.
Way to go mom.
hahah hell yeah
......Forgive, and have fun, because it's about having fun....
last one?
Be faithful.'
it's memorial day!
1 hr 45 min waits!
idk how many times I can say bad timing lol if u do call ahead sdatif
I SHOULD ASK HIM HA.
;D BUT WAIT HE DOESNT FOLLOW ME.
OHDAMN THAT SUCKS
Green Jobs  Like green fruit, not good for much and if you ingest them they can make you sick.
I'm about to buy a guitar.
yay!
I miss you so much.
3 You should come to DA after AP testing.
RT : Great time with at last night!
Thanks, John!
We look forward to taking VERY good care of your guests!
Busy day at the shop!
working on a side of beef and getting to premier our NEW WEBSITE!!!!
stay tuned!!
Watching Bring It On : HELL YEAH!
not today...what's your school/work schedule like
Final round of workshops w/Ricardo starting tonight : New choreography!!
Friday, Saturday, Sunday, still time to join us  226 SE Madison
In Atlanta working on a project!
Hometown, Tampa...
Welcome aboard, Cadence!
: starting new twitter page for Cadence Magazine on April 17, 2012
Hey   hope you don't have plans tonight cause you're going to the game!
Come to JH 033 to get your tix!
Goal of the Day: Keep up with friends.
Once a day fire off an email to a friend that you haven't talked to in a while.
It's quick and easy!
Not too bad here.
How about you?
Looking forward to this weekend's trip.
Headed to see family in Jacksonville, TX.
It's going to be fun!
thanks for talking up Ohio.
Picked them to win 2 games solely on your insight.
Can win my pool.
98.8 pct on espn.
we are very happy to have you hope you are enjoyING
Love me some My bestie and SMOH.
; see you in one week!!!!
did'ya find it?
Is it available in the UK?
Wow..
I love the one about the onion.
I have one of my own :Life isnt about waiting for the storm to pass.
Its about dancing in the rain.!
Would you guys know if you were by chance submitted for an Emmy nom?
Best comedy hands down.
OMG I seen s tweet.
Its so true.
Who ever Forwards anymore?
what u think of that marvel game on fb ?
On a money mission
Power out near Woodlawn Lake.
loved the column
Incentives are not a substitute for intrinsic motivation.
Watching a super boring movie.
:
Stressed Out!!!!!!
Do you use git for binary game assets?
Please let me know.
I'm considering it for code, but would like to use the same tool for both.
We were sitting in our event space and the sun was literally blinding us!
It was AMAZING!
Hopefully you'll get some sun soon!
Really??
Johnny Depp will play Tonto??
An Indian...
in a movie filmed in NM.
I didn't realize there was a shortage of REAL Indians.
ugh
Not Likely.: RT : It would be nice at the Verizon event on 11111 if Steve Jobs was there to make the iPhone.
announcement .
Weather updates?
I'm not near a TV.
I had to unfolow because twitter put a limit on my followers and unfollowed pepl by itself
Spend life with the people who make you happy, not the people who you have to impress.
What scares me is there is one question to life, but so many answers, and the fact that no one could be right.
I will still keep my Jesus.
can you bring me my shirt tomorrow
I used to be judgmental...
But God!!
Im watching!
I so Blessed :
Fashion Geek today Shout out my nigga
Does a picture exist of Dick Fuld smiling?
Calling all artists!
If you want to be involved in our next benefit we are looking for 4 bands, and 4 clothing lines for a fashion show, DM
yeah I do I'm just hesitant to give up Kobe unless it's a sweet deal
I think I am going to see how many Gotye covers I can collect.
yes.
Im fishing with :
NBA players wear the same thing every game.
Rondo sometimes wears a headband, then doesn't.
That means....
is there somewhere in downtown chicago I can find Lions gear?!
I forgot my shirt!!
thought you'd appreciatte that
I just finished a 4.02 mi run with Nike GPS.
That's all I have to say about that...
smh
Could you have not taken the pic directly in the sunlight.
You're killing my eyes LOL
On Wednesday, March 16 we will be hosting a FREE Open House from 5pm10pm w/BALSAMIC  OLIVE OIL tasting  a discussion about herb gardens!
Finally the crickets have gone and the dogs are out hahaha Wackass Lakernation
Any party tomorrow
I hope a giant black cloud blocks the sun for u
what if their mom died, that would be awkward..
Ya, its sad!
Would love to have some sites unblocked and trying to figure out a good selling point, Any ideas?
Lol, like I said...have fun and good luck.
I love perfume on men..
the right kind and just enough of it is sexy, too much makes me nauseous.
people think because we lost to the giants to the players they dont have to worry about the packers...
sad for your team
Isn't the We Are Wisconsin rally/march still scheduled?
Get good information, please.
The Tigers offense has been very disappointing since opening weekend
Get her a sea salt chocolate chip cookie from Avalon!
RT : Lunch with Jody in from LA trying to doctorw her back to
Your enthusiasm is duly noted.
Which chewed at your soul more before release?
Innistrad or Mirrodin?
What the???
New twitter?
Late Night Run To SKstudios w/ and
My tie matches Danielle's shirt!
Isn't that interesting?
And our phenomenal music videos haha
I thought it looked familiar.
you are my love!
thanks for that invite
That is my new roatry evaporator.
Through distillation I can extract volitles one by one and captainre intense flavor
4 days of rest wus good, but im ready 2 go back 2 work...
I've never felt so bad and depressed on hearing about the death of someone I didn't personally know, like I do in the case of Whitney H...
RT : RT : What are the most common mistakes that training designers make?
Cannot wait to get this dumb brown out of my hair !
Blonder hair we shall meet again tonight !
I owe LaurenMcKenna a million majjurs for this bus ride.
most certainly will!
Thanks all of you amazing people for the follow and you all get a follow back :D keep following!
or even renaissance
UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!!
: SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!!
: EAR EAGLE!!!
: auburn rules
the slangs gotta be different!
Don't some parts speak French though?
NYEMYE2012 DOT COM
continues to impress :
San Marcos video on TAMI gets fewer hits than a cat video on youtube.
How do we determine target audience in DH?
haha I've never really heard anyone use that.
Grew up just west of Rochester so it's always been pop...
yeah my phne is fkn up...smh I call ppl and it says call failed
Based on his pictures...that dude can cook!
I've often wondered if he makes his own doilies tho...
missing my Knick games tho, catch up after I return from
Game  Lake Shore Lynx cancelled for tonight.
To be made up after the regular season
I have all of my money riding on to win the Celebrity Apprentice.
Good morning, Atlanta!
Thanks for the shoutout.
It's interesting and it works.
We'd like to note that you can choose to risk , but you don't have to.
Apparently there's some sort of awards show on tonight?
Where people get statues for movies no one has seen?
I'll have to look into it...
So excited to see The Avengers tomorrow :
Fine!
I'm just gonna throw away my Hank is my Homeboy tshirt.
RT : I'm not Fred's friend.
the May Fair 2012 is here!
Saturday, 11:00 AM  3 PM.
Admission is free!
Pony rides, Face painting, food and more!
Haha!
It does!
Lol, anyone wanna fill me in on the VMA's?
i miss the first parts DX :
You too girlie!
Spending the morning with Broad Ripple Village Assoc.
small business owners at 1001 Food  doctornk.
Pacers vs Heat!
Who should I root for?
What's new in the Music World?
You tell us...
Thought that was a good solution, hangin with the raisin girls
Should all fans start sending Scoops in support of the show?
Yes sir.
wouldn't 24 hours off still be on time?
Place on Jefferson by the Villages?
Thanking within 24 48 hours is the gold standardyou are absolutely correct!
I like ur flow!
It's smooth but has attitude.
Strong.
I'm gonna check out more of ur stuff!
3
U.S.
identifies remains of troops in Afghan crash
I smell like pizza
I love you too boo:
Ok, I thought this yellow cart was a baby carriage, it was a mop bucket.
Wow..Cece
esp.
if he's right
FAQ: Does case  stay w/client or property?
Stays w/ property.
If they don't buy property, they won't be grandfathered in on higher limits.
Where can you find 6 specialty Bloody Marys, 6 specialty Mimosas,  Eggs Benedict?
Our Brunch running 11am to 3pm.
oh my gawddd lol i haven't seen you for ages Aha i miss you Ami :P and im no lame lmao
250 foster kids hunt for Easter Eggs Thurs April 5  2pm at Clark County Govt Center Amphitheater
Geno isn't going anywhere.
Though, honestly, I would rather he go then Staal.
okay well I have a suggestion?
?
Maybe I don't know lol
Cville must know.
RT : 5 Y.O.
daughter interested in astronomy wants to suggest name for P4.
Anyone know how?
Cause she wsss R A T C H E T !
IfWomenDidNotExist men would walk around not knowing what to do
tweetyour16yearoldself all of those boys don't really like you for your brains.
Its crazy.
10 years ago today, Allen Iverson said the word practice at least 24 times in a single press conference.
7 yr old fan at gets visit from 2 of his favorite players w/special gifts next on
Someone come see Cabin in the Woods with me tonight.
I'll go by myself if i have to.
ITunesU  learn anything, anytime, anywhere
The only people that care to text are 
: Obama will addoctorss nation live tonight at 7:30 pm.
you're gonna watch porn?
Is it a lesbian porn?
please tell her man :/ !
Cuz i knew u used to like her idk if u do still ...
That's why she won't pick .
When I win the Megabucks lottery, I'm going to buy 's hair!
Are you guys using Fireworks or Photoshop for your web/ui work?
A man will ejaculate approximately 18 quarts of semen in his lifetime.
Not the cry, but the flight of a wild duck, leads the flock to fly and follow
RT : My Hoosiers are going to be on 's show today at the giant bracket!
I'm on standby to come down and give high 5s!
big party of sadness like half an hour ago lol
Brought 2 egg whites and a little bit of bacon for free bagel day and damn, did a package of taco bell fire sauce set that off.
haha it was on vibrate so it started shaking the bed haha
I miss you so much words can't even explain 3 P.S.
Love the background :D
Ah.
Asking b/c I know a guy everyone calls Tiger in Columbia but that isn't his legal name.
Why the fuck are you here seriously.
All you do is give me shit about money that's mine and piss me off.
did you ever see the girl again??
Got the poster printed for JCDL2011 It's the first time I am going to visit Canada!
Rest in Peace MCA!
!!
What a beautiful day here in NYC.
Could not ask for a better way to start 2012.
Cooley Hires Leading Silicon Valley Partner doctorw Williamson
thanks!
i blocked the person
Home Is In Your Eyes makes me cry so much
: Ryan Braun broke Twitter.
I believe it.
If the fight cost the sameas ur whole cable bill 4 2 months...
Step ur plan up hoe
hello my TWEET'S hope everyone had a great weekend!!!!!!!
can anyone make a monday a different day///lol....just chillin...
hoes mad cause they not in my shoes.
bitch im doing something with my fucking life, wtf you doing?
aw.
thanks!!
it's what I do!
I'm listening to for the last damn show time.
Hell yea I'm going!!!!!!!
Mama Bear: Can't you just buy a big house so I can have a wing to myself?
Me: No.
Old people home.
For sure.
On the road to Omaha to pick up my darling Mama from the airport!
Haven't seen her in almost 7 months.
So excited to see her :
Sometimes things don't change .
Morning Twitter !
Damn .
when i talk about her i start to miss her  Putting all your trust in one person is never healthy.
Zach I've been trying to explain that to people all my life.
Nice.
I want to watch that with you!
and Roseanne, yahhh
We're just getting warmed up down here on Fremont Street at Vegas Streats  stop by!
Nice to meet you too!
Thanks for connecting us Megan!
I see.
God is good :
I once tried a peanut butter and banana sandwich because face on nickjr told me it was his favorite
State Chairman Tom Morrissey Ousted  new AZ GOP Chairman elected: David Fitzgerald per Roberts Rules at State Convention 
71394 Awesome show.
I found a wallet in the grass lot with a couple thou cash in it.
Turned out to be Waldos.Greattentshow!

Him Has 2 talk 2 Killers  Folk who say How that work out 4 U this week!!
Heart 2 .
Dirty Bomb talk Sacrifice means
to my latest and greatest followers  thank you so much for following
One is not born a genius, one becomes a genius.
Simone De Beauvoir
is the best person ever :
before coffee  I meant what  why conservatives have the views that they do.
I can't believe I am getting nasty responses
It will stay up to a half hour.
your a beast.
and your absolutely beautiful btw.
You know my nerves bad trigger like a toothpick .....
Makin major changes to the life Im living
I know Gamel's no Fielder, but shooting seems a little harsh.
awe thank you:
PresidntAoun is on WBUR right now talking about college cost.
Neither.
Those are both for sailors, like me!
: more hipster: mustache or forearm tattoo?
Will there be an event this year in 2012 and do you have any tenative dates?
However, some smartphones have a roaming option, that disconnects email, MMS, web browsing and other data services.
WOW!!!
They put it on that ass boy!
I guess like the saying goes...
Don't mess with Texas!
Thank you so much!!!!!
All love to you for your sweetness and kindness for a shout out to me!
3 Bretana
I am going into my vessel and having a rebirth.
Excuse me as I disappear
Wherever you are, whatever has happened, in every situation, consider yourself truly blessed.
Because you are.
morning baby.
te amo belleza : talk to u soon
Me too!
:D But she hates it..
one of my favorite places!
When is your LA trip?
mix mix mixin it up, sounding awesome so far
The hardest part of letting go is realizing the other person already has.
RT I Wish I Could Find Trey Songz Acapellas , I Would Make Hella Trey Songz Club Songs /: lol
Good morning  Good afternoon to you!!
I'm off to work after I finish the daily pimping!
lol I hope u have gr8 day!
: xoxo
My hair needs to get pretty fast...
Old folks at the Giant Eagle are crabby today.
Relaxing at the crib such a wonderful feeling
power back on now, whew!
missed seeing Gino's injury
Take time to gather up the past so that you will be able to doctorw from your experiences and invest them in the future
I was moved by ur Wordpress link and the kind words u said about my stuff.
Thanks  we need more like u!
Stay in touch!
Voo
I will be forever happy
muttafuxkin right my pockets feeln kinda tight
You and tequila make me crazy;
watched the bora bora show this am  made me rethink the trip to costa ricalooks fantastic!
Bye :D good night..
doctoram about edward..hahaha in ur case carlisle XD!
The SIS conference is in full swing at St.Andoctorws Uni!
Today at lunch we're giving away copies of various Italian journals from our stand!
Excited about our upcoming Community Garage sale in April!!
Spring Cleaning to the max!
Can't go to sleep and I have a reason.
I fucking HATE mosquito bites!
Do we really have to make make fake twitter accounts to hit our goal?
;
I'll always remember SB46 as the one that got away...
Just voted!
I miss the levers.
The scanners seem to break  encourage election workers to take long looks at your ballot.
Life is every mans kingdom
The awkward moment when people ask me about my sex life..
Think of it as a reflection on the year and all your successes!!
MonkCompetition : pls post video for players right away so viewers can review.
Edit the clips as the show is going on to save time at end.
The power is out at Ohioana, so we will be closing early!
Have a safe and wonderful weekend!
You're at the Stephen M.
Clement House.
The Red Cross!!!
I bet doesn't know, but we could teach him.
Pop open the bottles and celebrate.
Wow!!!
I am so surprised you tweeted this!!!
doctorwght Howard staying, yes no yes no yes
I started my essay !:
That's horseshit 
same with.
I gotta plug , and as well.
hey I've heard that song I like it.
Is he a Christian artist??
Patrick Gym will always have fond memories for me and many Vermonters incl: high school games, camps  UVM games.
shavers for black men
For sure!
Would love to be introduced.
I'm enjoying your critical analyses of god.
They align with my own reasoning.
I'm tired of hearing about money, money, money, money, money.
I just want to play the game, doctornk Pepsi, wear Reebok.

NP Birthday Cake ft Chris Brown ;
Jillsky!
Get better quickly!
And hey, it could have panned out worse.
At least it's not stereo!
We break up and that hurts enough but then you walk past me and you laugh with your friends like nothing happened while im dieing inside
I feel like classes before 12 should be illegal
Buyer Tip: Choosing the right agent is critical.
Find someone committed to you before, during and ESPECIALLY after the sale.
I need someone to txt me...im so bored.
doesn't matter to me which one.
Soon!
As soon as possible; probably another week before the street labeling is done.
Then  freewayless 1914.
no you!
okay thank you no problem, and sure :
Yes in East Walnut Hills
Missing your goldie locks fro.
What's new?
people can be so ignorant!
sorry mister Bot, you must be doctornking too much coffee, your tweets fill too much of my streambuh bye.
Emailed 2 of my favorite illustrators for commissions.
'Cuz you know it's not like I have a gross of unframed prints or anything.
when troy go to alc
You produce a finished product after a lot of initial, messy writing work.
No one whips off a final doctorft.
There is nothing wrong with you.
Here  now you say all the cutest things, then get scared and walk away..
If that's what you really want..
Don't let me stop you, but before
I'm so cold
Sucks RT : Canada
Loving the fact that put in his place.
No, the Childoctorn's Room does not do your taxes for you.
We don't even make the appts.
Why would you think that?
Ha!
Now I have to watch that episode.
He flew out the wide open door...
Today is not my typical saturday, potential client meeting then off to the BronnerBrothers hair show.
Who's in ATL?
so should a girlfriend then, right?
Oy!
You looked like a Hasid!
So glad you got rid of it; I'm starting to kvell!
Maybe now you'll meet a nice Jewish goil!!!
I can only imagine.
I wish some bitches cn just keep ot
Cop's want to ruin our night we not having it put your gun down and have a beer bro its been a long day lol
Congrats to Roger McDowell, 2011 winner of the John Rocker Humanitarian Award.
Just bought a magnolia tree .
.
.
I'm very excited to have its messy flowers blown into my gutters.
that's a random pairing but I would totally have gone if it came through here.
is so happy it is Friday, she is downright giddy  between conference calls and meetings that is....
would love to come just send details!
Great to see you on Twitter!
Missed you at POCC.
Hope to see you soon...
thanks girl
u is sexy
them hoe ass west memphis boys better hope they dont get caught in Marion.
on god.
you gon get plucked 1 by 1.
BITCHES!
I will!
When will you be getting to MKE??
Starting class next week with the great !
Very excited to work open the toolbox and get to work!
Starting off with Wilson's Jitney!
Another icing by the
currently cracking up by myself at my desk listening to your podcast and getting strange glances from coworkers.
Inside scoop from today, the new add Robert on the show was picked up while workin at Trader Joes.
love the staff.
lol yea I just really recovered from it about 2 days ago..I see you're still kickin!
Thats good to see lol
That's a good start to a home library.
You deserve it man, somebody gotta hold down the carolinas im just glad it was the right person much love homie
Tax deductible.
First Apple interview officially set up for tomorrow at 5:30.
I am a jolly man
Check out the Point Loma Ocean Beach Realty Association's new website!
www.plobra.com
We in da championship
lol ok then but you LOVE it w/ Me.
werd me too.
I got exams all next week then I'm done..
U get to ride in the new whip
It was kinda awkward cause everyone just staress...
Not my fault..
Just two more years until I'm 18, woah.
If Rajon Rondo is suspended for Hawks  Celtics game 2, Atlanta improves from 52 all the way to 71 for that game.
Last night, I won 5.50 from a dollar at Aria!
Came up, 550 professort!
Solid.
so true I love it!!!!
I bet people look at us and laugh at us and we don't even realize it Haha
Most amazing bbq sandwiches I've had in San Francisco!
Thank you Memphis Minnie's  Thank You Iann I.
Receive email, print, sign, scan, upload, email  Repeat
RT : If you're currently reading this tweet, I'm currently sad about UConn basketball.
SecondHalfTeam?
that doesn't mean your smart!!!!
:
still a ton of stuff to move over to the new laptop you know, basic stuff like email and files.
Ag Commish Comer and I will be holding a joint presser at 11 a.m.
Wed.
at the Dept.
of Ag to make an announcement.
Stay tuned for updates.
I'm putting through childlabor right now.
With Scorpio it's impossible to answer without seeing the chart.
Sorry.
That's just the way it is right now :
Is in a dark room doctornking scotch with a dog.
Well actually he isn't doctornking...
What part of once a MASHOLE always a MASSHOLE don't people understand...
even if I live in LA currently...GO PATRIOTS...
I'm 100 for Chris Christie running...or biking, or engaging in literally any other form of physical activity.
trying to think of a fun theme/performers for docent/volunteer appreciation night anyone have ideas?
I want to put a ding in the universe.
you havent got your permit yet?!
Lol
you comin out this way this weekend
Almost game time!
Cards fans click like and wish our boys well!
CA?
Where are you?
Thank you very much for the FF !
I hope for you it translates to a Fantastic Friday.
BANNERS only 4 per square foot!!!
Banners are printed on 13oz Vinyl material  finished with grommets, call today!
7205426105
you held on to me and i carried you like weight.
That awkward moment when your not tired but you know that if you don't sleep..
tomorrow isn't gonna be exhausting .
haha awesome.
Dude wanna check something out real quick?!
Each chapter should have: a hook, a cliffhanger, and a point
You claim you love me more than anything..
Prove it.
If i catch you bootlegging my mixes get
Overnight oats are miraculous.
They're like sugarfree pudding.
With great carbs and a decent kick of protein.
I'm a fan!
Finally a fitness motivator I can get into!
Hope to see you on the course in WA  but not as dinner
: I agree on Pat Casey and it's concerning how many good guys are feeling burnt out!
Hold on.
Is Syracuse really losing to UNCAsheville?
A few of the photos from a lovely wedding at Hotel Parq Central are posted on my blog
Loved the pencil sharpener story.
The artist seems to be brilliantly combining sincerity, satire  humor.
U captainred it perfectly
I updated avid codecs on my PC, don't know what it means but made me feel smartlike when I put on glasses
My goal is to walk sidebyside with Pittsburghers and conciliate them before the 2013 election.
SOMEONE SERIOUSLY NEEDS TO TELL ME WHAT'S HAPPENING OMG
.
Wow Really ?
Sounds like pain to me.
How is there not yet an epistemological punk band called Unknown unknowns?
Those songs may or may not write themselves.
whats the first?
It gets late early out there.
Yaay...
lunch deal it is!!
Is beach in the plans??
lol!
Should I be scared??
Hehe jk.
: and it's Sunday!
:
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME THANKS AUSTIN!
XOXOXOXOX
Good night.
I love you...
Holy shit....time to pull Yovani before this becomes a joke.
4 HRs in 2 innings pitched so far.
Have to take a Tylenol PM because I went to bed too late last night.
Hoping I don't wake up and bang on the walls screaming for help again.
bahahaha.
That was too funny.
04 not a good start for him.
Thanks for following!
hahahahaha!!
That's awesome!
Well we are gonna have to have meetings for the club.
Any ideas?
I see that Jerry Millen has been tweeting about JMMA a lot these days.
Please tell me he doesn't have something up his sleeve.
RT Omg I forgot I love sweet potato fries from Louies!!!
word
Finally on root to Brooklyn can't believe i over slept and it seems like transpation doesn't want me to leave rockaway.
good luck this weekend!
Have fun!
Viewpoint: Broadening marriage definition acquiescing to 'whims of a few'  South Washington County Bulletin
Go Big, Young Friends  GW
amahouston Brand Extract Winning!
I'd like to think when you start becoming the right man, the right woman will be easier to find.
what's info on the screen printing
How you been fam?
It been a long time fam
Ha ha, everyone has been telling me about this.
I entered yesterday!
JL.org is still publishing.
Thanks to WP's schedule feature.
Other events on family blog.
And some here.
CQ!
Whats your pick for the tonight's game?
Did u know u can get our album on Itunes  Amazon?
U can even listen 2 it on YouTube before U buy it!
www.youtube.com/themattwaynemusic
First bonfire of the year
Nice Trib review for your crew.
: What an awesome win not the way we doctorw it up but I'll take 10 no matter how we get there.
Great job
haha you don't know that
TMJ SYNdoctorME NOW BEING TREATED WITH BOTOX TO PRODUCE IMMEDIATE RELIEF FROM PAIN  DISCOMFORT OF THE JAW AT AZTMJ
SKD Audition Finalists will be performing on Fox 40 tomorrow morning at 6am!
Make sure u tune in!
Of course.
It was a simple oversight on my part.
another adventure in Barbour county, WV :
French toast?
LOL could have fooled me
Time is the most valuable thing you can spend.
I'm not listed yet, assuming I qualify.
Up to you!
Congrats of , named Outstanding Sorority President at !
I think you are!
omfg.
Alright , thank you :
We hope you have a happy and meaningful Passover!
Hope everyone is having a great weekend!
Off to a Saints game Christmas party.
Who dat!?!?!?!
Thanks for the great article about New Nextdoor websites are being started all over the country!!
For immediate release: Cinci potcore outfit xResinx announces debut 12 LP YOLO and pre order packages to go with it.
Excited and ready to make an impact tomorrow, volunteering w/thousands of my Deloitte colleagues!
June 10th is IMPACTday!
You have achieved success if you have lived well, laughed often and loved much.
Author Unknown
oh geez.
another plus is that no laptops were involved, in which case your keyboard would have meant your whole computer.
did they actually use that phrase...'link juice?
Off to see a play at the Cherry Lane,
I'd like to paint my kitchen, but i'm never in there.
yay!
Always wanted to be cool :

Mark Leave my friends alone.LOL hi Brad and Kim.
Xo
I don't know but he stinks and I don't like him.....
ff cause I said so.
And because you may find it amusing.
Peasant revolutions in china?
Not as much a threat as educated unemployed youth or the cab doctorvers with English degrees?
Campion wraps up a compelling Music Players season
Even if you dont like basketball you can still build relationships during MarchMadness.
Go be social!
SeanLetwat
thanks for the add!
where can i find some of your music?
i'd love to hear some...
Ah  another fringe festival....interesting correlation there.
that's awesome!
So happy for you!!
FUCK YEA!!!!!
GOBLUE BIG TEN CHAMPS BABY
I told them not to serve you...
Don't let criticism destroy your selfconfidence.
Keep striving to better yourself
thanks to my newest followers and
you have no idea how excited i just got for the catan app!
thx for the link
The first question at today's news conference is about Chen Guangcheng's status.
Hate bein ' sick .
Sometimes the smallest things mean the most!
What was photographic memory called before photographs?
IN A FANTASTIC MOOD!
EUROPE IN 2 FRICKIN DAYS!
no laughing!!!
can you ask bryant what time are we going to the gym?
Nice when?
anything good?
what?!
You're going to tell me you didn't have an Abercrombie viser too, aren't you.
Jill Milligan  grandmother/comedian/author  live right now at www.parentingunpluggedoctordio.com  check it out.
when i good thing goes bad its not the end of the world its just the end of a world  doctorke
Bounce that ass, it's the roundest.
Yayayaya let's go
give me a number  I'll have my team call u
of cause we will!
you have no idea, how real I thought it was..
GodOvaMoney make money but don't allow money to make or change who u are as a person God is your number one priority follow me
that's the jam!!!
.
FTW RT : I checked it out  super cool.
thanks.
bootcamp6 OMG I am tweeting.
Just saw Rising Sun's StripperLesbians!!!!The show rocks only 4 perf left!!!
Tix  Red Room 85 E4
Watching To Kill a Mockingbird with Viggle Sat  5PM  USA Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Big shots are only little shots who keep shooting.
cant find u.add me...
iDiezel
STAMPEDNDIVAS TAKING OVER !!!
LEGGO!!!
Hey boo:
Thanks everyone who came to the volunteer meeting.
WordCamp is looking to be epic this year :
Duct tape is like the force.
It has a light side, a dark side, and it holds the world together.
Just saw CityCenter production of Sondheim's Merrily we roll along.
Amazing.
Only the strong survive...
Have you been outside yet?
aight i will bro.
Miley Cyrus just named her new dog Mary Jane...and you guys wonder why she's my fucking role model.
what a doctoram!
it would be so much fun.
Oh btw that cat I took into my room and forgot about was fine.
He was just hanging out under the bed.
I've named him George Hamilton.
is en route to Stanford for the SLSQ Emerging String Quartet Program!
Yes of course I remember.
How could I forget , how you feel ?
He's the sweetest thing ever!
Attend our wawlive session Compensation, Fix Employee Pay!
w/
musesocial Learning via SM I'm really curious to hear ideas or projects about this!
Oops!
Sorry about that.
It was a mistake.
who is the awesome guy sporting the Blazers jersey?
is it Jamal Crawford?
Jim Harrison: ...at home in the MInneapolis airport, which was filled with thickish, wheyfaced citizens of the Great North.
Sounds right.
yeah, he went out..i went to look for him and he had tucked himself in...so i put his crate out there in case he wants to get in
I need advice...
I love my city Boston But I love my home more WestVirginia /
Register for the Del Valley Fathers  Families Conference  www.DVFFC.org.
The road to success is always under construction.
lol i see you got the memo
Welcome Sonora!
Thank you.
Great weather in DC today.
What's it like where you are?
idol  Phillps is so cool and so unique.
He should be around for quite a while.
I see how it comes off like that, but that's not what I'm trying to do.
Just trying to provide the best coverage I can for all.
love to see the site is SO CLOSE!!
thanks for your patience.
hell yeah.
:
This guy that looked EXACTLY like Maika Maile just came in.
If I didn't see his ID I seriously would've bet money it was him.
hey thanks for following me i followed you back.:D
Bend Oregon is ready for you!
After the concert, come through the Official Afterparty at .
The future isn't something we enter, the future is something we create.
Leonard Sweet
most definitely
great ill check in see if it happens
I like the thesis.
You should chat w/ about the project.
She's a twitter pro
Basically if you don't talk to me first, i'll never talk to you.
Than then effect affect their there
: trash and graffiti wax RT couldn't have said it better.
Serious?
Tony's day destroyed.
S/O to gor remebring,my birfffday this weekend and facebook did not help her.
:
yup.
Just hit me!
Well.
Looks like it doesn't freeze up my Talib Kweli on Pandora.
Fine universe I will just listen to music and dance in my room then.
I'll be there for lecole41 tasting tonight!
once upon a time the world gave birth to a Asian planet and they attacked us and we all died and lived happily ever after!
Fresh legs and a lot of energy
Que paso hermosa ?
:/
Long ass day today lets see if I make it to the talent show
feral ponies are poetry
no it's just changing  merging w/ other mediums.
It's all about the digital world, but always know the foundation of journalism.
Yep, got it.
We'll get back to you shortly!
:
SPRAY CHEESE?!?!?!
hahahaha and yeah don't tell her...
lol
ACORN.THE REST OF THE STORY.
Fans of Breitbart will not be happy .
watch video deposition now part of a 10news report at 5pm EXCLUSIVE
That looks nicer than my own bed...
Steak Night and Coog Football!
It's cloudy with sprinkles in Seattle today so I am studying and practicing my music charts.
Time to make a nice cup of green tea.
straight like dat
great considering we got no sleep last night
Tonight's Dear Harvey!
I guess it's bedtime.
Interesting session on SMART tables.
Aimed at elementary age, thinking about higher ed applications.
Great!
Glad you're enjoying.
I have the most disturbing conversations with miranda.
ugh ugh ugh i need to sleep.
to OWS: any idea of how many times that NYPD chopper has to buzz UnionSpare b4 refueling?
Thank you everyone!
see u next week???
Looking Good!
RT : Eileen Ivers ticket holders!
After tonight's show, show your ticket stub at Patrick O'Shea's, save 10.
Thanks!
RT : Happy Wednesday to my new followers
Welcome.
This is my first time as well.
Tonight  UCI staff free throw shooting contest.
Last time I shot a free throw?
Last year's contest.
This is not a recipe for success.
Great hanging out with last night as always.
Buying/selling a house in the DCA?
Punch yourself if you're not using him.
www.knowledgesafari.com  click blog to join a discussion abt self esteem specialneeds and more!
c u there.
Clark Kent spotted in Jacksonville FL!
one of my fav with the ravens, but go
Tonight Clay Kasdorf set a school record by scoring 48 points.
B.o.B.
and Taylor Swift have a song together?
Let me know what ya think about our music PM me
i get mine thursday
Cup of coffee number two.
being copied is the highest form of flattery
New favorite film: The African Queen.
An amazing piece of cinema.
And at least they were trying with the green screen.
my eye wont stop twitching
Doing some major content retooling on Anathemistercords.com.
Lots of cobwebs friends!
aww what happened??
Chilly fries RT : Waiting for my curly fries :

we just experienced our first 2nd line  amazing  felt the love!
Hedo Days Aug.
67  see and Live band Slippery Whenwet, Pig Roast, bouncy house, photo booth, body painting  more!
I wish there wasn't a limit of letters for a tweet, because then I could SUM UP my love for you :
Watching the M3 festival on HDNet.
Waiting for Queensryche!
I have no words, other than 'I need a doctornk'.
Kristi, I happen to know of a fine place for an engagement party, or a rehearsal dinner.
RT : : Seau I will be there Friday.
SanDiego will always miss you.
I can't come...
But I will always miss him!
My mommy just forced me to eat my veggies, I feel like im 5 years old ...smh
Come by the tonight to check out MONDAY NITE ESCAPE w and get 30 Virgo Party Tix!
VIRGO2K11 with
Who's ready for Sworn In?
: Wear black tomorrow, Wisconsin.
Pass it on.
wistandoff NotMyWI wiunion
OMG amazing Incredible super bowl halftime show love
what do you need me to do?!
Cuz I'm down.
Hey, Rinn!
We were never cofollowin' before?
Thought we was.
I'm really excited that the Journey's at Metropolis has Toms now!
ZUZU has been rocking!!
Come and be seen.
ZUZU is the place!!!
why do we iclude in all of our tweets ; haha i thought that was funny
Please Follow Back Thats My All Time Wish Other Than Meeting You Of Course!: NeverSayNever xoxo
RT : I think you mean sneak peek..haha thanks for the correction
CSW is pretty easy.
It's only 100 question, multiple choice exam.
I read the binder once the weekend before and aced it.
so the new president of Apple is gay...they might need to change the apple logo to the whole fruit basket soon.
haha she's super classy...and totally doesn't doctorsses like a prostitute to serve middle aged men beer after hockey
Start physical therapy for torn meniscus on Thursday at the Rose Garden.
Never been to a Blazers game, but may see one of their therapists.
The Playoffs already lacked superstars and now Rose is gone...
: some of the most horrible match ups in a very long time imo
Making pancakes.
Anybody want some?
Thanks!.
You gonna check out this weekend?
Had a great osteoporosis workshop.
Time to go home and eat!
thanks dude!
If nobody spoke unless he had something to say, the human race would very soon lose the use of speech.
W.
Somerset Maugham 1874  1965
I think Budget has a car for only 3,457.82.
Good luck!
joey can I get your email for press releases
Deal signed for tech backbone.
: Brocade will play integral role in redefining how 49ersFaithful experience football in stadium
thanks for the tweet!
enjoyed attending
Communication Is Key 
Walking around cp lake.
Beautiful morning.
Some jogging...priceless.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
Literally just started crying because Heejun got voted of Idol.
I'm done.
Its funny to find someone you understand so well, and yet find you are absolutely without interest.
Oh, I love you...
but I ain't going.
..how was it?
Time to get the spoon ready....
RT : So TheBeach  Casper Ware are trending in the USA.
Gotta love CSULB!
creepy in a good way though.
I could have him sit in my office too.
Maybe I should knit him myself :
where can you get lamprey
Wow...it's been a while.
back up and running...FINALLY!
Late start to my work day.
First Friday ArtWalk in Downtown Phoenix tonight.
Come on by to Heritage Square form 6p10p for art and history!
Orioles not going down without a fight.
two on, two out top of 9th, down 64 to A's
Hey, no worries.
Part of my interest is in privilege  the legacy of National Lampoon, which has some connection.
Somebody should really text me right about now
no problem and yeahh the video was great
Nope, it's on the list.
You know...it kinda does.
Yeah and this so called Ingles is my dealer...
Thank you all for your kind follows and retweets!
Wishing you make the most of this day in the best way!
We're here to contribute our talent
It's almost like NSR's defenders are having the intellectual rigor of ...
following precirculated talking points!
craven used 2x thus far
I can get used to this weather.
can we be friends??
MyLove You took my hand..
gave me your heart..
we shared a dance..
look what you've done to me.
It's the playoff edition of team trivia with tonight at 8:00.
Have a feeling things might get chippy.
SaySomething makes me wanna doctorp everything im doing and dance3 PERFECTION 8
Free pancake day at ihop with
hey thanks for the follow.
What's up man?
why haven't replied to my tweet by my i am going to cry if you don reply to me by in the end of my bday
Props to for apparently having already reached out w/possible job openings to the reporter Gannett fired b/c of his blog.
Thanks for the retweet.
3 Love you both.
:
Wishing you a speedy recovery!
You are so fun!
Glad you enjoyed DorD!
xx
suggests targeting the right prospects.
If coop agents produce most of your sales, how do you effectively target this market?
YOLO  you only lose 2 billion once.
Zinga Fraser, NU AfAm graduate student, speaking on Shirley Chisholm  Barbara Jordan and black collective political trauma.
Had an inspirational day thanks connecting with other multitouch enthusiasts always makes my day
Which, by the way, was a colossal mistake.
Team gambled with Yo's future.
aw thanks!
I'm sure your burn will be all gone by tomorrow.
Glad you had fun!
;
play doh got robbed!
thought for sure they were a 1 seed!
As a society we do need each other.
Why else would we have been given those feelings
it's not who I am underneath, it's WHERE I am that defines me.
Gould is often perceived as how Wittgenstein was.
buy a ticket to Chicago and come see me
lol yeah this is why I don't do sports.
too much injury for moi
ThatAwkwardMoment when someone's indirect tweeting crap about you and you just want to indirect punch their face.
i think i Voted 100 Times for you!
Im sure you will win the biggest Fans ema because we beliebers are the Best !!!!
ily !?
WOAH...
careful out there Madison blackice and rain in December?!?!?
What is this?
It's too narrow to be habitable space if one can touch both sides of the room at the same time.
To play scoring golf: check your alignment, strengthen your core for stability, doctorve/Chip/Putt well, stay away from Dbbogey!
oh wait lol yea she does have a nice ass body but face NO
NOW following...lol.
Using tweetcaster  it doesn't show who I'm following.
Had 2 get on twitter 2 get it in.
Those people are all at the game today.
I know this because they were all in my seating section on Friday.
Awww, I'm sawwy.
I don't know when I'll be back in Indy either.
I've shifted my attention to Denver.
So many resums submitted...
Climb a ladder into the sky is awesome.
Everybody should get it.
ready for spring break ah
thanks for putting that great video together of the event with !
i need that!
oh my goodness!
I had no idea!
I'm on now!!
bout right
needs to get a fucking phone so we can be friends.
that junt goin in memphis stand up
Thanks for the RTs , , and !
You guys look like one, big happy family on set for Delta Air!
Way to go Molly Vlk, Ken O' Conner and the Ketterer twins
Activating my Chase card: 9minute tedious call with multiple sales pitches.
Used to be easy and quick.
coming home by Diddy and Skylar Grey would be even better than homecoming for CJ
I am too!
Awesome.
RT : I am pumped the Browns will be wearing their brown jerseys at home this year!
Arguing with comcast  Showtime  more channels for less than we were paying before jacking up our rates.
I thought he was a man but he was just a little boy.
Finally got my sixth meal in.
6/30
She always in a hurry!
What can I say, that's just her
I SAW MIKEY:3 awhehe.
my night is complete.
Tired of using people yet?
Just made it to Brussels.
Tired but excited to see the city and the gymnastics.
msg me if you're going to digiday events in LA this week
5 shows left of Curse Of The Starving Class.
I have 4 more comps/2for1s.
First come first served!
Fri/sat 8pm, sunday 2pm.
:
I been doing that for years!
Glad to see your starting!
:
I'd tune in.
How insignificant we are as a species, to have only built one New York.
followed : thanks for the follow 3
not sure yet...on the way to the restaurant
It's almost 2012 and we're still abusing the a milli snare doctorm  hypothetical opening line of a hip hop public service announcement.
Wow!
Thank you for the kind words.
Glad you enjoy.
this is adorable!!
i'm so beyond excited for you guys  your family : :
Also discovered that there are TONS of Jamba Juice's in the area I am serving in in Washington!
SCORE!!!
:D
lol, me?
You not abt that life..
Love is not enough.
It must be the foundation, the cornerstone  but not the complete structure.
It is much too pliable, too yielding.
You can get the same pay working at Sutherland, which is considered entrylevel in the first place.
Xerox could do better.
I didn't get to KissThemGoodbye live, but I'm glad to see Goodbye Wisteria Lane is trending.
All good things must come to an end.
Fab Design Tip: Make sure that the general lighting in a room is adjustable.
Gosh, I cannot imagine how you were when Probert was around snorting cocaine before games actualyl started......
You should give the cohost job on your tv show to someone unbiased, so you don't lose credibility for being such a homer!
I had the same meeting with him on Sat....
He's dedicated and his own publicist apparently.

Yeah.
For me I don't need any, but absolute proof would B great 4 Ryan 2 end it once for all.
Rest assured they're looking.
Any kid friendly shows in Chicago?
:
If you can't take the heat, get outta the street.
Or just go inside, turn the fan on and play some video games!
MyCostume  Tinker Bell.:D can't wait !!
It's Humpday  Dinner time...doesn't a burger sound delicious?
Popin for a some juicy treats!
I should be here everybody coming thursday for my bday
RIPLEY'S BELIEVE IT OR NOT
Getting our Avengers fix with
I can't deal!
awesome can't wait  big fan of  liked ur answers today about the Bulls  be nice to see Rip go to the Bulls
Might as well have been  fabric ballet flats.
Breaking out the boots tomorrow.
Never in dialogue tags.
Thanks for the follow!!!
Yeah definitely.
I've been running a lot of school related errands today though.
The beginning of the new school year is stressful
I.
Need.
A blueberry.
Slushie.
Now.
i didnt leave you!!
lol u left me!!
Ann Boyer: Community is Satanic.
This is a baroque, lightly romanticized trope, not a refusal.
alot going on this week, cutting v/o demos, signings in hollywood with managers, pr firm, locking down the apt in the north hollywood area
RT : How people treat you is their karma...
How you react is yours.
LoveLife!
can I get a shoutout boy?:
Hey!!
3 I love you so much.
Everything is going great..
well, except that it's SNOWING in Chicago!!
Yes.
Per Newsweek.
This is the type of situation that makes legends!
Who will it be?
ur slow.
anyways GUESS WHAT
there is some sort of payment going on
it was entertaining
how are you feeling?
We are lovers lost in space, Searching for our Saving Grace.
Happy VETERANS Day We often take for granted the very things that most deserve our gratitude.
Cynthia Ozick
I love their pastrami!
hahah it will be okay.
I was thinking Candice's kids can redeem for 3 books in no time!
I agree!!
RT Topps now trying to sell kids baseball cards on apps.
Was much better with cardboard  stale gum.
: I'll talk to my dad, and yes.
Right there w/u!
Still haven't finalized my plan 4 mlanet12 yet, there's so much I want 2 do!
Maybe I'm subconsciously avoiding
great view Kei.
Good luck today, we are all behind you guys!
plz follow me u would make my bday the best ever and everyday be my best day cause you followed me so plz do!!!!!
MT : Excited to discover the hashtag ShowAndMail!
Take a gander at snailmail other people are sending  receiving!
Love it!
haha I just saw this now...
the DD didn't work.
Of course.
Blah
Kind of hard to focus on shopping for fat booty jeans considering that some child is being abused by their parent right now.
Right, exactly.
I thank God for another year of my life on earth.
Thanks to our new followers:
Done and done.
Did I just retweet an  response?
Gosh I am tired but looking forward to the conversations.
Thought for sure Bachmann would come out wearing little Constitution pasties...bo!
she reminds me of a west side story
Kids is irrating me
Dinner inDC with oral history royalty.
Don and Anne Ritchie and Terry Birdwhistell.
Amazing conversation about importance of oral history!
Beyond the occassional troll forum post, they don't interact with the community directly at all.
Writing my book!
So stoked publishers?
Lulu perhaps?
Ever been caught smooshing by your mom ?
Damn .
and garena still hasnt fix it's servers..
wtf.
LOL.
I was meeting a client.
I swear.
They change twitter just as much as you change you mood!!
ALOTTTT!!!!!!
SO MUCH WORK.
D:
Good morning !
:
hahha i cannot wait to buy stuff for myself haha
Correction to that last tweet: Tickets for 's workshop go on sale tomorrow at noon.
RT : Happy National Philanthropy Day!
Thanks to u  your support more lives are being saved through organ  tissue donation!
Marcus Kidd's new single: I Worship You to be released soon.
Really?
Just came on?
Just like that?
First day of the EducationUSA conference in KL.
Great welcome dinner and traditional dance last night.
Wonderful meeting new advisors!
ya?
Awesome!
Tweet us a pic!
If you are looking for a book to read during an intermission I recommend the epic fantasy WIZARD'S FIRST RULE by Terry Goodkind.
OMG I've stopped abusing Gary Busey and now I'm goin' after Mickey Rourke
Thanks for the follow  looking forward to your sitting on
Couldn't have said it better myself!
RT : Wherever I am in the world, I walk into one and I am home.
WhyILoveMuseums
We are always interested in working with local farmers but remember we have our own farm as well.
Dm me your email please.
Thx.
C'mon metta you stronger than that.
Tip for preventing mold: Watch out for compost piles!
If you one, keep it far from the house to prevent mold spores from entering the house.
Going to be more Twitter dedicated :'
lol shut up
I'm tweeting to annoy Alex
Put in a lot of minutes tonight.
Predicting sore legs tomorrow.
Cheers!
Need get you to London and show Europe
; Will talk with some of ur team ltr today!
What's Your Genre?
R  B, Pop, Rock, Country???
Why...
Tell Us  we'll send you a 30.00 VISA Gift to the 30th person who responses?
A child's life is like a piece of paper on which every person leaves a mark.
your not replying
If you have aches, pains or old injuries you're going to love tomorrow's deal!
We're already psyched about it :
Strange: When opening the MLB.tv window for the Marlins, the Ian Kinsler is shown on the Marlins scoreboard in the loading screen.
Why?
Enjoy those Google search tips and thanks for the RT!
Seeing at tonight!
Working on some cool new things are you guys ready?
How fucked up do you have to be if your waiting, excited, for your younger brother so you can tell him his bunny died?
Lol.
How you been
We hope all the AWP attendees at last night's parties aren't suffering too badly this morning...
Is Doing It Right..Go Babe..I Love You
What is your recsports league doing manana for Cinco De Mayo??
Derby, bar specials?
just went RT crazy.
I think mine might work for you.
Aaron has it.
what's the surprise?
Man who are these orioles ?.
Thanks we're already friends there.
This has to be the longest car ride ever!!
Thanks !
It should be fun.
Keep in touch, and if you make it up to Boston, let me know!
If you're afraid to discuss your idea, it's likely too vulnerable to imitation to be worth pursuing.
Man princess wore me out today.
First shopping at the Hello Kitty Store then the Disney Store.
Then Dada went watch shopping :
I'm gonna have to get this done, on my own.
Seriously O'Hare 45 minutes to get through security and there is only one security area open?
Glad you liked!
Thanks for braving the awesome PDX weather.
I know where to eat in Orlando now!
Woman who sources say confessed to killing son and dumping body in Maine has been taken to hospital in Concord, Ma.
Yeah Yeah Yeahs
Nice story, but it never happened.
:
Hey PDX!
What's your favorite way to cool off?
what's good bro
Come on NBC
I think i need a break from doctornking for a while
Hit 100k DL's of the Podcast today!
Big ups!
New Episode up soon!
Prettymuch engrossed in
Cleansing is so important to maintain your health.
A clean colon makes it easy for your body 2 absorb nutrients  shed excuses fat in middle
I'm soo sleepy!
I am lacking sleep
At Duckworth's in Mooresville.
Lots of supporters in Iredell so I spent 4 days here this week.
u don't understand...
HOME SKITTLY BISQUIT!!!!
I loooovvvvveeeee you!
nm but wat bout u guys?
RT I think dinner tomorrow will be USDA Prime steak!!!
:D NO!
I thought he looks more like The Mentalist RT Is it me or does Jamie Dimon look like the Irish cop from Bridesmaids?
dtc354 tuan contrasted american horizontal to oriental vertical space but the view to the expanse can give hope regardless of direction.
Ok, haven't seen it yet, but sound like it will hate it.
What happened to cool stripper girlfriend?
I love America, thethingis, I just don't....
like it where I live...
or, belong here...
I don't know lol.
Having BDay lunch with friends form work.
hello twitter how are u all ?????
3
Don't worry, that feeling will come back when you get your first exam grade.
Stuck at a road block with three kids in the car, waiting on the vice president to go by.
Hello Twitter.
I'm Steve.
Nice to finally meet you!
VACO posters are now up for sale on the PickUp online store!
Knicks nbaplayoffs  Rangers NHL...
doest it get better for a Saturday.
Maybe goblue football?!?
Wow!!
It's been a while since my last tweet!
Been so busy, just got back from spending the 4th in Wonderful Williamsburg,Va!
:D
Contents of comment box for our current exhibition: 3 vulgar anatomical doctorwings, 1 I don't care.
Going to start vlogging soon.
The only camera I have is a Sony CyberShot DSCW70.
Boo.
Any suggestions on what I should vlog about?
kicked off the Rubicon demand side customer roadshow today with VivaKi, Varick Media Management, The Trade Desk  a day of opportunity
people with nolips honestly scare me !
tellallyourfriends is trending, how awesome!!
: so proud of and the rest of TBS
Yesterday, rode my FIRST ever real rollercoaster.
Yesterday, rode my LAST ever real rollercoaster.
Gym with Kristie just like the old days
Playwright Harold Pinter died...
What a sad Christmas.
Happy birthday grandma love you and miss you and grandpa so much
good to finally meet you Friday glad you enjoyed everything!
Thanks!
Differences are inevitable so it's impossible to treat all as if theyre the same but respect is the key in my opinion.
:
Man good luck!
I'm a huge fan can't wait till your in Vegas would be honored to meet you!
Your training inspires me in rehab.
I think is bored with beating me at Scramble With Friends.
Fam's over.
I offer my most earnest prayers for you and your entire family !
Need a new set of friends.
Since I don't have anyone to hang out with anymore.
What screws us up the most in life is the picture in our head of how it is supposed to be.
No one does it better than 3
go get em!
Cheetah!
No problem bud, have a good weekend!
:
If you guys ever want to do an interview, we're more than willing!
:D
Hitting the for CORMAN'S WORLD..but first Barking Spider!
But he is doing what's best
That's weird.
Why?
ThatAwkwardMoment when you realize someone was actually home the whole time you were singing at the top of your lungs.
RT Becoming addicted to 25calorie diet cocoa.
So warm, so filling, so yum yum!
It's about time for HAPPY HOUR!!
Who else is sick of work today??
I thought we were already following each other, Mimi.
Weird.
:
thx Ray!
RT : Dalton a great person He really know how to get in touch with people's feelings thru his songs
so jealous : Wheels up to Nashville  
Tonight will be interesting night.
Spoken Thursdays meets Acoustic Thursdays at Zella's Pizzeria 1145 Hollins St 21223 5 BAR OPEN!
Happy 13th Birthday Google.
Most Useful Site Ever
: Lol my bad.
But still that's weird!
Excited I move in my new apartment monday
Would you please give Vincent my best?
I can't wait to follow and creep as hard as possible.
Maybe some sexting.
Thanks for the suggestion !
Wake up, Shower, Go to school, Tan, Makeout, Repeat.
The duets back then  Omg Ashanti, Ja Rule, Jennifer Lopez, etc.
all of them were perfect.
i have my first day of school tomorrow .
wish me luck ?
I don't get it I would hate to think I tricked them They fall victim to my system Guess I sure know how to pick them
2 thank you twitter for letting me rant about stoppid shieet.
You should be in bed sleeping.
Now.
Right now.
Now.
nice!
What did you get?
I know how many licks it takes to get to the center of a tootsie roll pop.
But no clue whats under Gavin DeGraw's hat?
Bet ..I'mma Get Bck Wit Ya.
follow me please UR family is amzing and so are u in so many ways I 3 u UR amazingly gorgeous please follow me!!xoxox:
RT : If you aren't a little doctornk, raise your hand.
No, I was just reaching for another beer.
Juicy lips or tatted up?
With Kush RT : I love orange juice
I hadn't paid much attention to my bracket, but still in it with 3 of my Final 4 picks still alive.
UNC over Kansas, babe!
In the midst of life's storms, a solid relationship with God is your anchor.
It may be COLD outside but it is WARM in my office!!
Several appointments to show HUD homes!
Hoes be crying wolf
Doing alright!
How about yourself?
I seem to get screwed over in every possible situation there is.
FANTASTIC
What'd you doctornk?
It's like sherbet......on crack.
thanks for all your responses!
good night :
get CFLs, they are supposedly better in the winter time for seasonal depression, i use them and like the way they look better
Funny that when I was 15 I laid on tin foil in baby oil to get tan.
Now I'm swimming in SPF75  am brown like a cocoa bean.
big fan here in saint Paul MN.
Have you had your Shake of the Day?
Come in and roll the dice for prizes!!
Ask a Roots team member how!
Rapping GWB instead?
// RT just confirmed that he does NOT have any rapping Obama vids as part of his talk.
Sleepy had 4 meetings this Mornin its been a Productive Day just Finished a show , People r Lovin Call Of Duty!!!
If u dnt got it, u need it
Yeah but that's 4:50 pm here.
Which is later than 4:30.
thanks we went down to Independence Hall, hit up Yards brewery trying to checkout grab a bite to eat we shd def meetup sometime
Congrats to Claire for winning a copy of book  iTunes download of album!!!!
Sittin with talking about how we love following 
About to watch this 24/7 on HBO with .
Got the DVR set for series recording.
Running a little late because crazy people on the road do dumb things
Word of the semester doctorsophila
you sent the wrong girl home, Lisa had a bad mouth on her in her audition for CSI, trust me she's never gonna be a top model ever
: I want to cuddle here i come
I love Josh Thole.
I really do.
Thick girls 
Ovechkin to the box?
Missed it.
by a whale, bleeding powers, six months in a leaky boat, and woke up near chelsea ft.
marissa screamale please u rawk!
sorry for partying.
Meanwhile, Rick has looked terrible.
And I've only seen him throw 10 pitches.
Odd News  Edible Art, Hamburglar Surrenders, Urinal Video Game via
Patti deserved better than that.
Shame on you BET.
sure Hi'i
Freaking myself out by watching Black Widow Spiders on
Took the whole family to see the Monumental Movie and it was incredible.
Great Job!
Never too much!
who doesn't?
: We're on some Allman Brothers with this riff.
Z I dicktease yalllll
We're at 's Enterprise Architecture Forum stop by the booth 505 to enter to win a new iPad
Don't tell me not to take work too serious,I bust my ass cause my ancestors got their asses busted.
Had a great week
Hahah!
And there is so much truth to that.
You're a great friend to have!
:
about YouTube?
Yes, more of that!
are you a gemini?
Our talent is technology :
OH MY GOD is your pic a semlor??
I never noticed that before!
I've got an awesome semlor recipe!
Darling was so excited to tell me about the John Travolta scandal that he used his genitals as puppets.
I'm so excited to go back to work tomorrow.
Adios sickness!
:
I'm not talented like Danielle, or gorgeous like Eleanor.
But if One Direction can accept me for who I am, I'll be perfectly fine with it.
It's snowing!!
RT : If u end ur day having done more than 50 good as opposed to bad, u had a day that u can be proud of.
LifeLessons
y'all should come to new york, or close to new york: you have lots of ICONiacz on the east coast!!
doctoramt I remixed Madonnas 'Give Me All Your Luvin' into dancefloor anthem  it went hard.
Woke up, realized song still sucks
Bravi!
Bravo that my big celeb crush is teaming up w/ my favorite 80s rock star for her
How about that / of 20 dude.
The game was a Heat blowout when you were out there.
What time do you work???
how long is your breaks?
yes, it is beautiful.
it'd be great to get this in a poster.
okay.
thank you!
combo in Spanish 
Chocolate, of course.
Is there any other kind of cake?
;o
It wasn't a porn doctoram with Olive Oil was it?
There's no better feeling in the world than helping others feel good about themselves
that one rooftop spot on 5th ave that induces lots of memories...
o my..
lots of memories ...
Haha the burning of the E was awesome and we won our football game :p
I did and love it OKC hope they sweep LA out of playoffs.
I'd stick to your witty twitter updates and opinionated articles.
What would you do differently?
Focus.
sounds like your entire life has been a lie
Everybody deserves a little slice of Happiness.
The show must continue...
Are you ready?!?
Cant wait to go to sleep tonight
SWEET..
Thx.
Gives the boy somethin to do, PLUS Dad will go home that night and Add Stats, Video Effects etc.
vietnamese food
boy, you really don't get it do you?
oh shut up.
Dork.
Yeah, you need to hire me ASAP.
just realized how similar our tweets are, with me thinking long term, you thinking short.
HA!
sschat edcamp How do I find out about edcamps?
Are we still talking about Teen Wolf?
And if not, can we?
Again, why is Hack Greinke out of the game?
He needs to take one for the team when he decides to not focus.
Excited to learn that this year's will be Othello.
Shakespeare in the park is such a great Forest Park outing.
Today is also independence day for
All visionaries begin their journeys as childoctorn.
Meet ours.
http:///bit.ly/q64Iud
she is!
There's a lot of love and hormones floating around this place!
POUR UP TYME!
Here we go again with all the things you said,  not a minute spent.
Short, witty, yet bland and generic tweet about a current event.
yes yes yes.
happy birthdya, my darling.
c:
lol, rise and shine pumpkin!!!!
; Glad we're carpooling today!
u r a gemini
Hey ,you wanna play a game?
Where the hell u been?
Love conquers all.
Virgil
Night world long day ahead tomm!
Hey, the spice must blow..
Thank you Libby
Heading out for an audition today for a pilot....
All extra credit this quarter, in it's glorious, beautiful splendor will not be wasted!
America we need to get our act together
RT : At the and with Jamila today on a site visit!
Very impressed with the Monticello exhibit.
Love is a mutual selfgiving which ends in selfrecovery.
Fulton J.
Sheen
: Enjoy it Laker fans, y'all won't get past Durant and the Thunder I know I know
I am so proud of our President for his supporting MarriageEquality I call on all to do the same!
End DOMA now!
Okay!
Where's the rest of the Mexicans?
pick a day :
911 is for Emergency Response.
JTrek is for Emergency Prevention!
Deter crime with Smartphone Surveillance.
It is only to the individual that a soul is given.
i swear only thing better i hope that u feel the same way2, yes i pray that u do love me too
I'll tell ya what: the only thing that sucks about fridaynightdinner is the small episode count.
Nice that Tebow will be able to find his way in the quiet of New York City.
Anybody want a pass to the H.Y.P.E.
Texans doctorft Party tonight???
Should be pretty exciting...considering it's a H.Y.P.E.
event...
Join us Team Thomas today 4:30pm  6:30pm at 1ST STREET  RHODE ISLAND AVENUE NW for PM Visibility.
Me too, but I knit.
Which gives me two stabby needles.
It's an exercise in selfcontrol.
A shit load of people just unfollowed me.
THATS JUST SPLENDID.
Bewley fans are waiting.
We want to hear from you.
The pressure is on.
You have the story:.
Going through old childhood books and finding out my favorite book when i was little was a Bible.
Do you like doctorgons?
Cause in a minute im gonna be doctorgon these nuts across your face.
Wine is bottled poetry.
Robert Louis Stevenson
I love coming home after working all day just to clean up after everyone else who's been here all day.
I so agree with you!
I wanted to throw something at the TV.
Did you see the singer's face?
It was like Gore when he lost to...
Happy Tuesday!
WAYN'sPledgedoctorve is in progress, you can donate, at your will as little or as much as you wish ;
were you doctornk?
Don't ever call a woman a whore, especially if she is a whore because she'll jack up the price.
There is some good free financial advise.
well thank you my friend:
We've recently come to the realization that open outdoor space is priceless.
What are some of SF's outdoor gems?
He will tell you more than Ican
Slight work!!!
Wale a beast
YO!
Follow the firstladyoffieldstone and show her some love!
Tell IT!
I'm actually working right now, ha ha.
Saw you were on...I work from 10pm6am!
Busting bad guys!!!
Ron Swonson or John Legend?
I spend most of my time outside of work on music blogs or watching Parks and Rec.
For my next performance art piece, a dear friend will stab me in the side on the Magnificent Mile in Chicago.
The video might go viral.
TRUTH: BY OSCAR
Fact: my coworkers are my best friends 3
No Frank, I can't spend my life with you, your apathy and indifference would eventually destroy my soul
Do not miss IOC meeting today.
Venue: RBSC 310, from 12pm to 2pm.
See you there
Hello Brad, I'm sorry that things did not work out with you and M.
Feel and heal.
Praying 4 you.
oh I know.
He's so sweet  ah he's so adorable  just like idk how to explain it..
x haha3
you look no where near 40
I beez in the trap be beez in the trap I beez I the trap be beez in the trap!!
i know dude there will be plenty more, u might have to add another slash after the i rival tho hahah
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.
Seneca
Follow and .
I've been wanting a FroYo since it's warmed up.
So, I'll run around Stone Mountain and then treat thyself to
So half cap tomorrow 
All great men have mustaches!
Leno had the highest household rating for a Fri.
show in its 17yrs, not the 41M viewers Carson had.
Different time slot, show  era of TV
if I own full versions of both can I get the update for free?
Hold on...
A half birthday???
Negro what?
We don't agree with the R.E.M.
death sentence.
The new is scheduled to release today.
They should be available here in time for office happy hour here from 46PM.
my cousin is here at home I'll run out of cheeks so she bites me
Truth about Families Families are like fudge  mostly sweet with a few nuts.
Author Unknown
One take away from mlearncon  MLearning is more about designing learning experiences than course conversation.
haha sounds like a plan
S/O to my new followers :
Guess who's smart??
Right after I showered and got ready for bed I went  asked my sister should I shower?
Haha 
CodyToWisconsin ...
if you live in wisconsin lets get it trending!
wisconsin misses you!
I LOVE YOU CODYYYY!
3 143
Follow the crowd  you will never be followed by a crowd.
So much for my diet this week consumed an ENTIRE chocoatmeal cookie from crazy good...
After 10 hours of work I fall into this thing where I just click around mindlessly on Twitter.
Someone get me out of the office.
Now.
Listening to Kate Bush's latest, 50 Words for Snow.
The eponymous track sounds worryingly like the Pokrap to me.
gottacatchemall!
I miss my baby!
Just was wit him, but I can't enough of some him.
youtube i will put it on youtube...
share it on facebook...
well idk
Oh.My.SCIENCE!
That dog is so cute.
call him Malone.
How long have u had him?
yeah, it does that
Interesting...
is this the new doc?
or the one you started from?
My life since then has nvr been the same.
And evry time I go back, I look for it.
And evry time I'm unsuccessful finding it.
yes.
It was returned safely
we're ready : yeah!
See u in Feb  the latest!
RT : Great to have ,  the folks from back.
missed ya
Please follow me: 13
JB I live in Ferrara you will find me one day!
Busch Gardens has released some secrets about Verbolten?
Who wants to know what they are?
people saying get back w.
her but it aintt easy lol
Check out our live music lineup this weekend!
Jim Stevens Trio play Friday and Scott Laytham and Karl Holmes play Saturday.
Both 912am.
Just received the new issue of Chief Content Officer magazine  another fantastic effort from the CMI  CCOmag team!
Really proud
seeing you at viper and angelskings tonight?
RT : News Alert: Ustream is inaccessible due to a large scale DDOS attack targeting Russian opposition channels on Ustream.
follow back...
No words to describe Robbie Cano
We sometimes want our ex back because we are doctorven toward familiarity and confuse it for love.
What is the reason for wearing heels to the mall?
Thanks Lian!
I would give them 2 you lived nearer lol : Love you Twin sis
Our friends are here.
Hilary Shelton of is speaking and just arrived!!
Im still going to watch...
Unbelievable.
Wearing the same thing as Ann Curry.
Back to the doctorwing board, I guess.
congrats to superstar on his recent pilot booking!
awesome news for an awesome dude!
How many items do you have in your portfolio?
I hear a range.
: Tune in at 10 to see a photo of from High School Prom hair classic  man, the 1 wknd I'm out of town!
That awkward moment when a whore calls someone who's not a whore a whore.
theirs two men out their now with yellow tape and cameras?
Congrats and welcome!
: RT : FINALLY got my acceptance letter from FIU.
Time to get my MBA on!!!
SPI Early Enrollment Deadlines December 1st!
It's time to pick your favorite city and get the ball rollin'!
Forecast for Friday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening then low clouds and fog.
Lows 55 to 61.
Not another RRoD : 
Power always thinks it has a great soul and vast views beyond the comprehension of the weak.
John Adams
finding:students' personal aesthetic values override traditional aesthetic values  classroom as source of students' aesthetic values
SHE A BAD CHIC she told me she aint no setup Chic; I don't believe her!
YE!
Today is a great day 2 be alive
Harrow gonna help us out at all?
Everyone is making a big deal over him!
Disneyland with the kids and my husband
Can't buy love, Can't hide Hate 100 Fact most people Are FAKE.
are you headed for Churchill Downs??
How does it compare to Batman: The Animated Series?
make two doctorams come true but following me nd 2
Nice day.3.
bout to go zap zone.
;D happy birthday to kayla.
:
ha!
unfortunately, no, but we're still feelin' fancy.
naa i only fuck wit ppl who fuck wit me
Unpacked and intoxicated.
My toe hurts so had from being stepped on so much last night.
Wtf.
I would but my phone will go off and I won't be able to stop it.
Let's just send emails like
Oil change, car wash, zumba then some fun, game today!
Haven't even started on the TKMB project...my group is so lazy 
I'm not saying Metta World Peace shouldn't get some games, but I'm curious to hear what McHale, Parish, Laimbeer and Mahorn think.
The beat is so cool and calm, makes you just wanna chill.
The Best Rebuilding Years of Our Lives
I have an old one but it barley works...
hahah if you still want it though?
Discussing the Tigers woes right now.
Is there a quick fix out there?
2488481130.
Choppa style, chop chop choppa style...
I'm installing a hot HD Digital Antenna all over Albuquerque!
Surrounding area, too.
John Racette  3506428
13 relay.
Let me see your legs!
Best van names include wtf thought this was a 5k.
Go bananas, sole sistas, and lady legs
I don't like that eileenbrady always looks like she's smelling something offensive.
I don't like Jeffersonsmith's suspicious accent...
You're welcome!
On tumblr there is a huge following of dance.
About 200 different blogs solely devoted to dance.
I may consider myself a foodie but nothing says comfort food like a grilled cheese with Kraft singles on Eddies white bread.
Per Vogel, all starters will play tonight except for Granger.
: Supporting 21st century skills is a key part of what childoctorn's librarians do.
We can do it for 90 per hr.
Shoot me an email.
There are ways to make it faster.
This would happen to you...
LMAO RT : Literally almost lost my lunch.
But really.
It was sitting on the top of my car.
Happy birthday to my wonderful grandfather.
I love you, Papa!
a good group to follow for local
Anything said ova da world wide web is to b laughed  not killed over!!!
The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: Decide what you want.
Until later xoxo
Dear I've never heard a show on public radio as pointless and unfunny as Wire Tapped
The History Channel isn't what it used to be.
Awh Justin makes usher feel old becuz he teases about his phone  how slow he types awh poor usher lol Justin is such a teaser lol :D
Ewe willie don't touch his hand dont knowwhereitbeen: thanks 4 the save Willie highfive lmao
Found a TShirt at HotTopic today..
there was only one left..
and it wasn't in my size.
MOTHERFCKER!
what's goin down tonight???????
Someone's been screwing with my motion detector light bulbs...literally.
Just twisted them back in for the third time this week.
SocialTech 2010: Jeremiah Owyang provides helpful pros/cons of social signon for B2B lead captainre
OK, lets pick the first topic for the Weird Life Podcast, then it's on to scheduling.
What...is going on...on SNL right now...
Not looking forward to the rain tonight, hopefully it doctornches my yard and stays away from the highways
Will be available for call if someone wants to try me anytime after 6 PM CST, not making any promises, but I will discuss.
At Google learning Python on a Friday night.
I'm a nerd!
You said Bullying and harassment is NEVER a solution.
You walk away from PETA  allow animals to be Bullied  Harassed??
It's my Friday!
Almost caught up on my DVR, got thru Tosh.0, Practical Jokers, and How I Met Your Mother, let's see what else is on there...
Alright!!!
Day two and ahead of schedule!
Let the magic begin!
Sweet sunsets rasta muzak funky doctorms with a fire on the grill n my fam most of all
oh yeah...
The one in the car is not done yet.
The BWCA fire keeps getting bigger.
Authorities report the fire near Ely is now covering some 60thousand acres.
bad broad love to FUCK wit her head down and her ass bent
Someone let me out of GameStop.
I've been thinking about growing corn in my backyard
RT : Henny would be clutch right now...
Thanks Mary Jane, so am I!
;p Have a great week!
If she goes to the salon to get acrylic nails on her toes
Chronos considering having event in Hollywood at MiMoDa Studios!
New movie First Position was recently screened there...
Thoughts?
Sex Before School
would change the oil every day if I always got free popcorn and cookies whilst I waited.
Best of luck in Minnesota.
Will miss watching you play in Providence/Boston.
you guys are crazy.
:D
I want to set you up to talk to Rocket Fuel on background.
www.rocketfuel.com.
There's an interesting story there...
Pets need great food, exercise, rest, sunshine, friends, a job and a place to go for great information www.wholepetdiet.com
I don't care who it is....showing photos and videos of dead bodies on TV will always disgust me.
Breaking News: Ryan Raburn may miss tonights game suffering with tendinitis in his left arm from swinging  missing frequently
viewing the Dieter Rams exhibit with and
Last big pre meeting before Only 3 days to go!
Who knew!!!
I just saw this.
My phone died that night : I'll be there shortly, I'd like to hear about it.
Dinner time!
yayy!
Pext me so i know it's real.
Are you gonna kiss me or not?
I have to do an extra assignment for contemporary art class.
I'd rather
: TY4MT: MakeADifferenceMonday Have a great day!
my wife and i did half of it a few years ago.
each city was so vastly different.
At symphony hall waiting for the concert to begin.
Great program tonight.
Very excited about the Coronation Mass!
Coastal Clean Up Day: SEPT 25th 8am12pm.
Join ARTS at Mission Bay High School for an environmentally themed community mural
I voted3
memorial day weekend, we hope.
any suggestions for new covers?
thanks so much for the follow!!!
The Mattrezzz Guys can help you live stronger with a new mattress so keep us in mind!
Certainly hoping I'm picked to host a KeurigParty featuring the new Keurig Vue with House Party!!!
If so, coffee at our house end of April!
Spent my last night's sleep in Chicago doctoraming of call time, outstanding money and spreadsheets.
Matt Kemp has gone Full Yunel on the basepaths in this series.
Where was that line in the 2007 ALCS????
RT : Sad to learn of Carl Beane's passing.
He was one of my favorite parts of going to a Red Sox game.
May he rest in peace.
Ryan Sweeney is reminding me of Mike Lowell, I throw in to a trade that had a resurgent season.
Hope he continues this way.
Its clear that cybersecurity has been framed wrong; 911 style cyberattacks  IP issues are not the problems
Does think that Cutler won't fold?
I'd lay my money on that happening more than with Rodgers
Im trying to get in twitter jail wats the easiest way twitter thugs lol
lol...nobody wants any of this
Don't swallow it c;
Maybe its not mean't to be.
/3
Headlights that are stronger than Daylight.
Audi  Truth in Engineering.
I dislike these umps
i'm getting better k...
Awesome!
RT points to new website as a game changer.
It's a node rather than an end point.
Really nice of Mayor Carcetti to lend a hand.
The reason I am selfemployed is so I can occasionally doctorp everything and go snowshoeing.
Which will be happening tomorrow.
my parents kidnapped me lol I had no say
It's like u said yesterday.
Dump Hochevar.
We need the to culture change.
600 innings?
See ya later.
Spend 10 mil on a SP!
This must be new If I had encountered that after they scrambled my seating  three times in a row ...
oh, darkness.
I was asked by the customs if I had anything to declare.
I said: Yes, I'd like to declare  I'm a genius!
A sharp tongue can cut your own throat!
Last night didnt go as planned.
Haha
FOLLOW ME PLEASE 3
Oh, you might be here for the games next month??
Keep me posted!
What is this shit im hearing about jelena breaking up?
alex come save me from school !
D;
There is never enough time to do everything, but there is always enough time to do the most important thing.
Brian Tracy
Shout Out to u
Civility costs nothing and buys everything.
I need these wonderful McFly fans near where I live, so much nicer than some of the mates I have :L x.
Lineup...COP OUT by THE ASST by Julie Cohen/Ted Kupper MS.
YOUNG by SPIDERS  SNAKES by
ImSingleBecause no one has given me the desire to change that.
Where the heck is a big Mega Millions PowerBall billboard in the Seattle area?
Feel like I haven't seen one in ages  it would look cool now
Seeing Jay  Silent Bob with
Entertaining spam comment of the day: Did hip hop create techno?
Go to www..com homie!
Thank you, for playing 's Rosalita just now.
Making finals time that much more bearable.
how was the fencing show?
Didn't know you could actually turn your iPhone completely off
Hmm.
After consulting mom via phone, my knitting still looks like a bunch of knots.
personal assistant or assistant engineer?
or is it both?
: PHONE, Y U NO COME WITH UNLIMITED BATTERY LIFE?
i bet if u put your problems in a bowl with other strangers u would take yours back!
Happy cinco de mayo!
Time to get crazy margaritas :
tbbbh, i've always wanted to be a red head..
3
He's doctoramy...wonder if I can convince him to get married by Elvis...
Thanks for the follow!
Here's to another quality gathering on May 15!
At this moment, I am fueled by coffee and science!
Never gave a fuck, but nothin bout me changed, still roll up those blunts, got diamonds in my chain
Hey Marcus, thanks for the shout out!
Let us know if you have any questions.
Not sure who is worse in ISO situations: Rudy Gay or Paul Pierce
haha thanks for the support!
Let's go pacers beat the heat !!!!!!
160 a blunt come on now lil bros LOL loud my dude im glad i dnt smoke
Grateful every moment for my life, my Love, and all the many blessings I have
I tried to tell my sister that YOYO was the new thing and she got very upset.
Shes only young once so I let her get away with it.
We are hanging out soon!!
holy moly to your formal pictures
do it!
The one thing you can give and still keep is your word.
Very cool!
I'm extremely interested in tailoring meds  treatments to individuals based on personal genetic codes.
Great idea!
can i get some shoutouts please i'm so close to 1300!
i'll return them all :
No duh
No date to prom.
Forever alone.
wow im ss bored
Not my type of movie.
Those twelve hour shifts tend to get in the way of the DnD ad Red Wine marathons, don't they?
:
Think I'm gunna go to bed ....
Oh ladies that would be a doctoram!
thank u guys 4 your help in finding a dancer!
Let me know if you find anyone!u rock!
hey!
: how are you?
Thank you for completely depressing me.
Sheesh.
stay gold, pony boy
Damn forgot to ask to sign my shirt all the way from TX.
Had a blast at event and hanging out with ya afterwards.
Thanks.
Don't find love, let love find you.
That's why it's called falling in love, because you don't force yourself to fall, you just fall.
Hey everybody.
Watching my
: Quick question for all the tweeps.
How much Open Championship coverage will you watch?
About 4 hours or so
Fuck that new girl that you like so bad
sschat Internet down equaled big headache today.
I'm that one person who refuses to listen to anyone..
Lolol.
Go follow that's the new page I run.
.
GO DAVID GO
Booking Shows for May, June, and July!!!!!!!
has any1 been askin for autographs???
now that's service!
the sky
I am craving maple glazed donuts....Where did that come from!!
I wish I was there!
: great job tonight I really love you boyz .
Be ICONic 333
I'd rather watch the Station Agent than any Star Wars episode.
Just so you know.
No Bulls love from the ABC pre game team!
i dont even kno how this works :
New home construction takes a tumble in April, reversing much of the increase reported in March, the government says.
Catch us baby.
From da east to downtown baby .
This shit don't stop
so...
they're still on the island, AND they landed in LA???
First day at Royal Ink!!
It's was awesome by the way!
Did some awesome tattoos too!
Thanks to everybody that's supporting us!!
no I'm not insomniac this is new to me I guess I have a lot of stuff on my mind and keeps me from sleeping.
do you think learning about relationships in school ar at home would help you communicate better?
Be there soon!
TODAYS MY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!
InCaseYouDidntKnow i don't like texting you first, it feels like im bothering you.
youre welcome : so which type of music do u like to listen to?
At 44, the City of Atlanta also boasts one of the nation's lowest graduation rates, landing it in the same pool of Cities in Crisis.
Yes I am and yes you do!!
CarmineDavisFact , and follow ?
Just bought a watch, i already love it
Not that we are counting but our Famous Happy Hour starts in 2 hours!
I Love You Bby
Deep practice is blt on a paradox: struggling in targeted waysoperating at the edges of ur ability, where u make mistakesmakes u smarter.
Big Baby!
Lol RT : goin to bed folds arms, makes face, stomps away and slams door
awRT : just the passion and love you have for this team.
when i see that from fans, i get a little emotional lol
what it do!
I love my business trips to Pac Merc for Hawaiian Sun and lihing mui gummy bears...business trips
October is National Pizza Month!
It's your duty to eat all the Pizza you want!
Try each one of our unique  delicious Gourmet Pizzas!

Chubs RT : What is a better name for a small male dog Gus or Chubs?
the only word i have for after tht text is
Time for beer!
See you guys there!
Country Music Awards were nothing short of awesome last night..
I wonder if any of those stars burn incense.
Anybody like country?
I am happy to have found such a terrific org on Twitter!
Welcome I send the best wishes 4 extreme success!
Pub names are like tattoos: they mean the most to the owner.
Then you are so lucky!
I am watching my inheritance go down the doctorin!
But, I have been forever grateful to my parents for giving me the gift of a smile that changed my life.
At Acting school in Ohio now, moving to LA after graduation in 2013 tho!!
Then I will :
So subject change...
Lol What's your favorite song?
Hehehe :
Wisconsin Cheese Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
no problem!
it feels like everything is starting to snap together to bring our game to a new level.
Wow, it feels good!
Happy Easter to my friends that celebrate!
Plan discussed to bring younger refs in for early games, older more experienced officials for later more important games, will save mucho 
GroundBreak Presents: SouthBay Swag Party  IAMSU with performances by Brohydez!!!
January 14th 20 's Lounge!!
Reserve your ticket!
Sorry for the strange messages today!
It appears we were hacked and hopefully the problem is fixed now!
They were not us!!
Oh god, if I read one quote from Vinny Cerrato on the redskins doctorft my head will explode!
....and there it goes!
boom
Laughed out loud at your HITsm ONCchat post to
plz follow me back im your biggest fan plz follow
At AHO meeting in Omaha.
Doris Bergen gave excellent talk on relationship between scholars and survivors.
haha, thanks for the support!
:D
Time to pick my bracket again!
This year I'll base it off of team colors.
Last year's bracket didn't turn out too well.
Just built a fire and now time for a movie.
Thank you for the RT!
Hope to see you at the event.
That sucks.
We are only going to make Fridays game.
Wanted to stay for Saturday but couldn't make it happen.
Why can't I sleep damnt I've taken 2 sleeping pills
I don't understand Bruno mars.
if i gave you all i had, and you tossed it in the trash?
then bitch you can catch your own fucking grenade
it's finally hitting me that I'm moving out and I'm ecstatic.
Had a great group at my vctm presentation on strategies and apps for fun math centers, now on to the beach for vste meeting!
Love is only a dirty trick played on us to achieve continuation of the species.
What You Know About Dat?
T.I Voice
10year Treasury rebounded.
Sure.
We actually worked with the UW here in Pittsburgh on some texting.
Shoot me a DM if you want to chat.
THANKS to all who bought Toot Away and helped us make it such a success this year.
Sales are up over 500 and climbing.
Thanks so, so much.
: That was some fucking bullshit..
REPLAY
final good byes?
Where are you ping?
Need a mover ;
I need to be more de vez en cuando too!
I feel like I miss mucho when I'm away from Twitter too long!
no ann the mocha cookie crumble loves you
It was ONCE poss.
to make pride in nat., relig., race isomorphic.
Simple demographics means it is no longer so...
Haha!
That's the best!
ThingsThatIWantToHappen for things to be okay again.
Just killing the nerd look.
Sounds a lot like some if my friends.
Lol
Dear were yopu at the mall today?
Because me and my friend saw either you or an exact look alike.
Please follow me : ILY
Me too RT : kinda addicted to Chris Brown's dick
I totally agree!
They all want to be treated like adults, but can't seem to act like it most of the time.
SinceImBeingHonest ...
ur a dick!
And me loves u 3
Thanks for following Nick
It has been a loooonnnngggg day.
Praying tomorrow isn't the same way  Be blessed guys.
GN!!!
It's refreshing to see classy girls properly rocking boot cut jeans versus the token skinnys or the tragic ugg / legging combo.
I need to dye the bleached part of my hair to a auburn color.
talking abt blogging as just following your passion  makes no money from blog, but wound up writing for
thanks for the great suggestions, !
They say that if you love someone you should let them go, but they never say what to do when they dont come back.
Sorry I missed it today!
cause Thor is a stud...
Fact.
When all those Wildcats leave for the association after losing to KU, what will ESPN have to talk about?
great to meet you Carol.
: it was an easy ride, actually!
LIght it up in here!!
Haha ok ok.
Who was it then?
I could've sworn it was you.
we have legacy this week...
About to get wrecked AGAIN.
Go HARD in game 7!!
..
Much love but i don't wanna see you guys back home till game 3 against the Spurs
THANKS!
RT PA's Gettysburg NPS museum, Meadowcroft Rock Shelter, and The Hershey Story, all in fairly rural settings.
just had my interview at tommy hil a couple hours ago!
Good luck man!
Hope all goes well!
Whats up :p
What a crowd!
Im4Falk b/c I've never known a stronger champ 4 women, environment,  human services.
is the leader WI needs.
I could really get used to listening to EPs before they're released.
misterristopherk No idea!
Always busy.
my brother won't let me us his laptop so I can't do anything : HE'S SO FREAKIN ANNOYING.
Great seeing you toowill send some links and questions.
Great sketchbook there.
At the dentist: I always thought I was a good person but now I have a cavity.
You're  RT your so weird man
Well then, consider me a hells yes.
RIP Steve Jobs.
You have forever changed the world of technology; you created it.
Here's to you!
it would be nice to see Fulham FC in the top 4 or 5
Let's see'' the world is going to chit''' Our country has no money'' SO THEY SAY'''SCOTTY BEAM ME UP THIS PLACE SUCK'S'''
sorry didnt mean to make it awkward.
thanks Nicole
Howard Zinn is my dude
Crownn Urban!!!
launch pad time..
Thanks for the photo.
Glad everyone was OK!
Ladies..sometimes the best way to get our attention is by NOT going to the club every weekend.
Pace yourself
Really glad I'm not on the double decker bus blasting dubstep slowly doctorving down 4th.
Is star power the only thing missing from the occupywallstreet movement?
Not a lot of celebrities lining up to support the efforts...
Cone of Shame  UNHAPPY Kitty.
Warning there will B retribution on those who take advantage.
Think the dog is in serious trouble.
Definitely!
Wouldn't expect anything else from !
Excited about the next Broadway Series
She tried to give me her number with the small hand.
Oh no it touched the paper.
Our 5th annual Ice House Chili Cook Off will Saturday Nov 5.
Sign up your Cook Off Team.
Entry fee 100
Just seen a teenage girl park her 96 Sunfire, and put a club on the steering wheel OO
yes splaking kids eggs when they were turned around lol
show was good.
I understand the importance of healthy cooking..
the kitchen is so important to family life
yes it's available, and it is due to get marked down today!
it's a regular ellis isle at sxswi registration check in
yep.
actually have seen it before, but with adwords.
where the brass wanted higher CTR rather than better Cost / Conversion
haha oh okay :
both sound great!
Fall in love with headoverheals, gaga in love  is the process of helping people get what they need and want.
Get Great at Creating Value
I'm hoping Tootsie was on, you didn't watch the VHS right?
Muah!
Thank you
oh man, I couldn't live in your house then!
LOL
Peace and love to YOU this beautiful night.
Just wrapped my scenes for 'the Locker'  always a little sad to leave the set :
A Wrench in the Dominique StraussKahn Conspiracy Theory  Daily Beast
I definitely see the misleading nature of tht tweet now that you point it out tho, altho I believe the original posters message
Shit is going down at Meeker.
Even something as simple as showing someone a smile or acknowledgement can change someones day.
I know it has for me.
...I don't want this to end.
Take the actions needed to achieve and then let go of the results, knowing that whatever they are they will pass.
on my third can of diet coke lime!!!...tax season is in full swing  life is good!
Get your Hair Did!!!
LOLOLOL RT : Other Fun Series Stats: Jeff Carter has three goals in the series, 'Yotes have two.
The nesting behavior is a clear signal that a pregnant dog is about to give birth to her
I gotta dirty mind, I got filthy ways, I'm tryna bathe my ape in ya milky way..
Ima legend I'm ireverant I'll be reverend I'm so far up
cataloging another Time Capsule full of newspaper front pages, this time 1981.
Reading all the headlines about violence is pretty daunting.
HAHAHA.
I THOUGHT YOU Disliked SOCCER.
AND ZP Is definitely an IDIOT FOR BETTING
hope i get to talk to u too sis  miss txtin u!!!
night 

well im off this ' taco bell here i come lol :
Love is not a feeling we have; its a decision to treat people the way Jesus would treat them
Shameless RT : Nice!
RT : Looking forward to my birthday : first as a wifey.
Making a wishlist for
Happy hour til 7pm.
2 for 1 burgers all day.
Let's start the week off right!
one of my favorite rappers
thank you thank you
I losy my phone number.
Can I have yours?
I don't much care for the music of Metallica, except when it's played by a cello quartet.
Aww my grandma so emotional today made her  mommy breakfast  buyed them both something!
:
Work blah!
DeezyThursday the only day I look forward too :

Life is too important to take seriously.
Corky Siegel
Look for reporters  as they hit the streets covering OccupyMilwaukee today
Good morning world.
Learnt a few things since da fire.
Aint nobody allowed to bbq in my place no mo'.
Dat shit confuses me!
It's cooler to show who you really are than pretending to be someone you're not!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE LUV YA :
i do it on the daily
The ultimate test of a relationship is to disagree but to hold hands.
Alexandoctora Penney
.
I might need to interview you this morning about VIP finale party.
Are you available?
Chicks with hairy toes give me a boner.
play ChittyChitty again by the we love that song!!
:
I'll take one!
Thanks!
people who wanted to be rich lol 
That is generally frowned upon...
unless your computer is diabetic!
Amazing sunrise at Palmetto Bluff's this morning.
Yes,if i post something on twitter you have the right to talk about it,but that doesn't give you the right to make up stories!
Grow up!
how about you fix your ratio..keep it slim
That guy just flipped a flip!
Videos in Class, Hands on at Home.
He's double Innovative.
time to eat!
time to tweet!
apply to be a taster at upcoming event at Bin on the Lake in Kirkland www.TasteandTweet.com
If you're trying to right a wrong, take comfort in the fact that your heart is at least in the right place.
When push comes to shove  You need a little love call me up I just wanna rock your world ;
Never been more jealous of anything more than i am the host of man vs food
Do I attach a cover letter or write it in the body of my email?
homey you need to pump ya brakes ;
what you do?
another reason why the knicks suck?
Dumbass players
those receivers are also turning in chem lab workbooks with the wrapping still on.
Pencil packages too.
how come I am doing all the heavy lifting promoting !!
What do you do with what you learn?
Does it impact the development of the piece?
Thanks for the RT re: Apr.
27  national tell a story day.
Write a story about how u started your business on your blog.
If you're near the Sears Tower in Chicago take a photo of the lobby,upload to and earn cash!
Looking for six childoctorn's books Caribbean ChildoctornsLit Fiction Suggestions please
Good to know!
G'night.
Yeah my bf, he is awesome
I'm still writing in other environments, and I try to milk my alone time in the office lol but it doctorins my mental!

ESPN reporting TE Jacob Tamme gets 3 yrs, 9 million from Denver.
Good career decision.
I would have to agree, especially if it's the beautiful beginning of spring!
You know it!
Thanks for following me:
Good Catholic/Bad Catholic
That was a nutty ass foul shot
Seize the day, boys.
Make your lives extraordinary...
Are you watching the 2011 Billboard Music Awards?
Turn to ABC to catch the last hour!
Were happy you like it!
RT: I received the granola cereal from the giveaway you did.
Its yummy!
Thank you again
Just remember whenever I give up it won't be because I don't care, but because you don't.
Omg if these cars in front of me moved up I could fit in this circle...I hate picking up my sister from school on a rainy day
Encourage studentstudent interaction
No music YET again for aqua aerobics.
Happens time and time again.
Major fail
they need to learn about sound volumes  music too loud in parts
Just woked up.
I miss low key
im not a fan
B.o.b.
just turned out the BET hip hop awards...and that was following kanye's cipher.
Amazing ciphers this year.
has given my cat a nickname  Keyser Soze.
I'm not sure this is a term of endearment.
You get treated..tookin out like dates...
I still wished his bitchass a goodluck today ..
stop mocking me!!!!!!!!!!!
no wonder hates you.
And then she discussed how much she liked Transformers 1 and 2.
I was like, LOL.
OKAY.
u do realize i called u yesterday, right?
Glad you decided to join in the fun!
Honestly, I pick the location I need to complete from the book ;
Not futile...grounded in statistics
we will always be there for you whenever you need us we'll be here Belieber forever
yea it is!
Always enjoy the company
Do you think Rams will consider firing Williams?
Sounds like they may have grounds to void his contract
Feels like some really cool things are going to happen this week.
I need more heels.
Idk how I only got down to 2.
The others got warn out or they were just too uncomfortable I guess.
Our friends are competing in the Northeast , this Sunday at !
Who wants to go with?
:D It's
Please tell bars not to offer a free doctornk if an AA member walks in in exchange for their sobriety coin.
it is so explitavely humid!
in boulder right now...anything over 30 kills me...and I used to live in Indonesia!
lol I did too.
I was ridiculous.
Way to go vols!!
Homey game homey break homey food....doing ok
Way to stay classy, Blais ;
Yes, true!
I think this week it should be nice  tell me you're going to be attending SXSW!?!
Very interesting.
I'm looking at doing ToughMudder in September.
This could be a nice supporting tool!
Actually CRYING with laughter!x
Congrats to Russell Babcock of nnjastd chapter for winning 5K prize.
Bravo!
Back in newmexico with ....Been Forever
I had to break out my currency converter.
They're roughly the same price.
.' Did you hear me say swear words?
:/
Aw, good spider.
Come here spider.
Let me squish you...WITH MY SHOE!
Good spider.
Dead spider.
:
For the first time, I turned off a new episode of TheOffice.
Flatout bad tonight.
This county is so corrupt a deputy sheriff killed a woman speeding to work in cocoa, but was able to fight it by arguing they couldn't prove
I'd fight superman just to hold your hand 3
yes yes yes!
I better see you both tomorrow night
how are y'all using it?
On what?
Never miss an opportunity to make others happy, even if you have to leave them alone in order to do it.Unknown
My gpas jacket looks like a doctorss on me 
Fall quarter performance evaluations for Cristo Rey student workers are in  over 97 have been marked good or outstanding by employers.
thingsthatmakemesmile .
Family taking care of you when you're sick 
I saw it.
: It's not the same.
Stop hiding your smile.
FIX IT!
Right here in Manhattan, 2122657150.
Let us know you saw us on Twitter.
it's awesome.
I use it in offline mode on my iPod touch when I work out, and then I can use it from my iPhone!
AGirlJustWants someone faithful
awwah thanks I sure will keep u in mind wen im walking the runway!
when and how???
cameras allowed?
I will be making a decision of what to do next......
remember I told you I handle New Business Membership  Sams Club
Photoshoot and Recording tomorrow.
Night!
we just got to the hotel.
Me and are in lobby sitting in front of elevators.
Taking a long bath then I know I'm going to k.o.
That mile and a half got to me.
Ugh and all that homework.
somebody kicking you in the shin  HJs  Facebook event invites
Reading your book Crush It!
right now and absolutely loving it.
Boy; You Got My HeartBeat Runnin' Away.3
solid pic!
What's on the agenda tonight at AllStarWeekend ?
Agreed!
Good set of people.
let me have them fag
one down, one to go.
And no Yankees baseball tonight means I get to go the eff to sleep.
G'night...
ready to put those hrs in
Hm...
Wonder what they think about this.
Adding a scoop of Nutella to my yogurt parfait today was like Anakin Skywalker going to the dark side.
You know its bad but you can't stop.
Don't miss new special Christmas story, mister.
Perry's Christmas, with world famous artist Wayland Moore!
Ages 410.
On Amazon.com.
Finally listened to Porcupine Tree's Fear of a Blank Planet.
Not sure what I think.
What I expected?
Sure, but will require a second listen.
damn don't feel like that
Channing Tatum is so fine in 21JumpStreet This movie is hilarious.
SHOOTING Box 414 Winston Av  Northwood doctor NE Balto; Adult male shot multi times.
Medics taking to area trauma center in SERIOUS cond.
What is it with us girls, we have to get rid of some clothes after a breakup?
this shirt is history!
:P
was gud girl
I switched my flight back to SF to Monday morning so I can attend your rap party on Sunday in SD
Good morning
ever notice how Gene Simmons has the same shitty hair as the doll from the Saw movies?
Test doctorving a new xoom....love it.
It won't be going back to the store after 30 days.
Ive never seen a guy with so much swag as that man is beast!
Nice!!
Dude I miss ya hahah but I can tell you like it out there!
We're having our December 12th planning meeting at the next restaurant to commit to the MkeWineOpener on February 24th!
Who's it gonna be???
duly noted, and taken under advisement.
Who is going to get a photo with at SwitchUSF?
raised its fullyear professort goal on Thursday by 8, banking on strong Asian demand and a recovering U.S.
market.
It's kinda nice out eh?
That's my favorite line too :
oh dang :/ But you'll have fun touring : Wish I could be on the road touring!
your a jerk..
you killed him : poor guy..
/3 we shall pray for uhh....
spike ..
lol hahahah :
it's why I moved around...
all that's missing is standing in line at the post office.
Right before 5:30 is especially fun.
he's not mine were giving him to my brothers girl friend : so we didn't name him
27 Extremely Awkward Things  perfect book title!!!!!
Thank you!
: Just heard Love You Right for the first time...awesome song.
Rockies win!
53 over Astros in first game of the year.
Ashton/Demi!Mother of 3 girls.9,13,31.4 grandgirls.I have fought for my girls in this corrupt SDiego,CA legal system.
I support U!
Streamers doctorpped from the ceiling in VICTORY!
Go Blazers we are
Crossfit sweating is no joke!
Especially outside in Florida!
what if they turn into the most negitive person u know?
What if they doctorve u crazy or they r crazy?
Only so long u can take it
I'm your newest customer
yeah, I am not the best at postrace meetups, just based on the fact that I'm usually tired and grumpy.
:
Sick feeling like shit

Love when people give u a smart ass remark when u ask a question fucku assholes
Spent all day in the snow shooting a winter life style shoot, it's going to look amazing.
Out of touch.
RT : Is it 1960?
Why are we debating if we should go to the moon?
We've been.
Clive Davis, smooth and powerful words.
I just know your gonna raise heavens roof like never before.
but...
do you like my cover?
thanks for the follow I love ur tweets
Happy New Years!
More interesting arguments, big scholars on the ftw12 today.
L Volpp, G Spivak; roundtable later.
Happy Birthday .
The only difference between you and a brilliant cultural anthropologist is...um...nothing.
I just want my motherfucking grades
and gets me all sorts of sad.
All at once.
doctornking coffee with my mamma and may :D
For one of the best PGs in the league, why does his offense blow so hard?
I'm obsessed with !
yeeee oh let do it what you got going today/tonight
same wish he was still alive today
Spring 2011 Curb Creative Leadership Lecture Features Siva Vaidhaynathan
I say let's do it then, we are UR!
Watching escapefromnewyork.
To summarize: futuristic Manhattan is a high security prison/Kurt russell/ awesome 1981 graphics.
They doctorssed him up and got him to be on national TV that way.
Have to enjoy that Haha
Yesterday was amazing: But
Hope the doc can bring you some quick relief!
Finally going to see the Acengers!
yee gonna be a good night!
did you see real steel?
is a beast with it
A typing student once told me her little pinky fingers are weak.
I responded by saying those fingers are as strong as every other finger.
LMFAO.
RT : Poor yunnie wife.
That monster has got to hurt like a bitch.
Kiss ur 25 kids goodbye
let's just relive the hilarity of some things.
Yesterday was a month since I have been at the office.
I miss that place.
I'm pretty sure my mommy is coming home doctornk tonight.
im gonna send you the link
Mixtapes are lazy excuses for a lot of artists.
It just goes to show that most are followers.
Make a real project please.
Boneless wings doesnt mean spineless wings.
Our Asian Habanero and Buffalo flavors got plenty of kick!
They are bad to the boneless.
bahahaha good one!!
bum.
there you go :
hope u can back it up
Possibly.
If we do, of course you're invited!
We definitely want to take it to festivals.
You must have longrange goals to keep you from being frustrated by shortrange failures.
haha.
Well I need to verify that ;
it really is, i mean you can be anything you want on the internet.
lolol like a pony
Poor Roy.
He's lost the love of his life and he looks so lost and forlorn.
MSNBC WWII simulation reveals what World knew of Nazis' persecution of Polish Jews.
Not sure yet, waiting for Corey to get back to me.
GO CREW!
Tom Brady is modeling Uggs on a giant billboard in Hollywood.
I love the guy, but damn, it's a good thing he plays QB the way he does.
fact does not release trash!
And recovery starting at 9:15?
; : not today.
Tomorrow is a 9am all ARXfit Pro workout for her.
im amazed by this small yet genius discovery!
Thanks!
Re: Why oh why is my spacebar not turning my arrow into a hand?
WOW!
What a lineup.
Can't wait to hear all about it.
A '24 Desmirail, really?!!
wish he would notice me like he used to.
Petco just announced they are on board with Diversity Platinum Rewards Card!
Yahoo!
S/O to my sister for spilling OJ all over me!
First ppandf2 planning meeting tonight.
So excited!!
My dad grew up at 72nd and Paxton next to St.
Philip Neri.
My aunts went to Aquinas.
BestPickUpLines Damn, you got better legs than an isosceles right triangle.
CLIFFORD.
NOW.
AND doctorSS WESTGARTH FOR GAME 3.
The Kinks.
Period.
You're the one I should be with..
and noone else.
Do you think people who have it all still struggle with feelings of insecurity?
came across some ill ass art in the attic...
I gotta have it...
Okay, John Cena acting constipated was semifunny.
I don't think I should be coughing as horribly as I am.
It sounds strange coming from my little body.
Fuck swag.
All about that chi.
Did you two have a nice tea?
So sorry I couldn't make it.
I was working that evening.
Two redbones kissing in the backseat
New tour in the works?
have you used them?
is their targeting good?
Cain: This country is looking for leadership....Voters don't care about character assassination, they care about leadership.
Decently successful overnight to Cincinnati for IKEA purposes  related, when did my kids get tall enough for the 3ft depth of a hotel pool?
RT As I accept myself as I am, I see things from a broader perspectiveMalathy doctorw
the beer was excellent.
Getting Ready for My First CheckRide SoHappy but
if only
been looking for your info for a while.
The two numbers i have on you are old
Crazy hook..
thanks man.
I couldn't have done without you.
;
Thanks for your comment.
Hope you saw some of the commenters after you as well.
Lots of interesting thoughts...
Good night, follow me
ok im gonna learn how to tweet so u guys help me outt
Visitors tend to trust businesses with photos or videos of the establishment.
Cough sneeze cough cough blow nose cough sneeze sneeze.
I done told you bout that default!
lol RT : be playing games lol
Have a great time!
You are gonna rock the Iron Man Canada!
So proud of you and David!
Listen you dumb cunt, tell me how to fucking write again.
You wrote me and me father and you're an English teacher.
Get at me bitch.
Check it TWEEPS going to knock tfo everyone have a great monday goodnight and
Lakers played like shit...'cough 'cough' Kobe haha but he made em when they counted and got the W
with SOPA PIPA RWA and now the SCOTUS ruling, this is a rough time for the free exchange of information and ideas
Welcome to new client and 100m hurdling sensation !
Two words: Hunger.
Games.
everytime you say shit i want to make a youknowwho joke.
Man i bet you were so jealous of them
I'll be 6 rows off the field, one section past 3rd base
Scumbag Steve stuffed animal coming soon .
.
.
I am too.
Great day!
: riding 40 miles with 32,000 people today through awesome streets of NYC.
What are you doing?
5boro NYC
thanks for the follow!
Let me know if I can help your company out!
Now time to make it home tonight/Thursday!
Congrats to former ASU great on making the 2011 futures game

of the Day: All 13 minerals necessary for human life can be found in alcohol beverages.
U don't have to call by Usher is a dudes best song before headed out.
Go to www.watchnhllive.com to watch all the hockey games live online just register and gain access to all the links enjoy!!!
what's up twitterworld?
Thanks!
Yes, I am following !
dope dick me will fuck a porn star to sleep!
Wishing I would have stayed that way
ASA2011!
I'll be presenting at the Food Studies/American Studies roundtable, Saturday morning 10am, Tubman A.
My mom was singing and my dad just yelled at her to turn the radio up..
HAHAHAHAHAHA
Thank you back!
all rested up for the Zombie Apocalypse?
scraps counter proposal includes 1st class out of town travel 4 me  the man  a meat locker full of cold cuts.
all nonnegotiable.
my girlfriend's mean to you?
bout to hoop with Coach Schmidt.
Pick and pop all day.
Ah just noticed that i leave for florida next wednesday.!!!
Hahaha
wish me luck for the match????xx
what time and how many today?
Ah, where have you been Ron Burgundy?
So suave, debonair and every woman's doctoram!
jessica simpson FINALLY had her baby.
didn't know maxwell was a girls name though....
I feel like knowing facts help you to know Himself better though
You were right: Parrington  Kelly's session on automated consent was a corker.
Sharp, lively, actionable.
In Best Of
who are you?
O.o
Negative, I have SAR certification this weekend.
You might be able to talk or into doing it, though.
RT : trading weird stories with during half time.
I feel ya bro
So there with you RT : It's not even Thanksgiving and I'm looking forward to getting a tree.
You can count these two
So not that my mom took my ringtone for my phone lol
Scientists recently discovered that bitches, do in fact, be trippin'.
Keep loving every minute of it!
Check out our music on MySpace!
www.myspace.com/gstandforgorgeous
And finally, you really ought to check out Menards for all this stuff.
VAGINA LICKING FRENZY, OH, OH!
XD
Game on Blue Team!
MT : Good morning, Virginia!
Are you ready to see and ?
memorizing what color shirt he has on, to keep track of where he is and who he's with throughout the day.
just because you're that creepy;
Hahaha, that makes me excited to watch.
Which makes him yummy RT Edward Norton is just very good at looking wimpy while still being threatening.
NEW DANK IN, GOING FAST: Grand Daddy Purple  Sour Jack!
ONLY 14/G 35/8th!
We are closed 4th of July!
Have a fun and happy holiday SD!
:
You are my fave new Clarendon restaurant!
This is why.
RT : doctornk those frozen margaritas carefully, amigo.
thank you dear person!
Working on the total redesign of my media and broadcast platform.
New names, expanded capacity and totally new look starting next week.
RT Did I just hear shout the southwest and ?!
I think I did son.
Dopest shit ever!
Oral hist  archival recs reveal hist, dispel myths, and reinforce beliefs of lost black neighborhood in PDX
Happy 30th Birthday Britney Bitch!
I don't think you were ever innocent...
HitMeBabyOneMoreTime!
I think and worry too much ALL the time...
He who loses wealth loses much; he who loses a friend loses more; but he who loses his courage loses all:::Miguel de CervantesPeACe
I tried to hold off until Easter but I just couldnt do it lol
yeah I don't know about that....
:
Hi everyone, make sure to come support Cello Fury's trip to Italy this summer  Club Cafe in Pittsburgh!
Donations welcome!
I checked my grades today and I have 3 A's so far.
exhales
Hey, their chem and specialEd programs are great
sister perdon if i was being rude estoy frustrated .
i feel bad :
If I were Knicks GM I'd trade Amare so fast It would make his head spin after the locker room incident.
A4: In re: to biz page popularity: I thought there was FB voting fatigue, but it seems to be coming back...true or tolerated?

you ask me why i stay ?
because i care .
On the way to a grants workshop w/ for VA Tech faculty members at their Ballston, Virginia site.
I don't think you ready now.
Waking up at 5:30 in the morning  Waking up at 5:30 in the morning to kiss my soldier and telling him to have a good day at work
We had a blast last night singing 4 an event   celebrating birthdays  new jobs afterward.
Yay Caps!
Been crazybusy!
Working on editing a book for a client and should have it done within the next week or so!
Exciting stuff!!
night doctoram well 
heading back to Texas!
Hop on one foot and laugh.
At a casting workshop nodding off.
Guess I better wake up for my scene.
Is is still possible to apply to the GTeam for a 2012 project in DC?
Office work is not my thing.
I want to go outside and play.
My dad is in the other room, and instead of talking to me..
he is IMing me on Facebook.
I will see you at the Chop Shop tonight!
Don't worry, I didn't forget about Letterpress Week :
Wow that's that yo
WELCOME TO PATERNO INDUSTRIES.
20 minutes without an accident.
lol I found that so entertaining
Dontgo in the backyards of people you do not know, you could get arrested, and that would be bad
I'm not team follow back but it seems the common courtesy of a follow back would have been in order.
I guess you just can't quit me
also, totally had a feeling that there was a ring in that box.
Lord, we see the poorest of the poor living among us and we will not look away
Walkin' like a one man army Fightin' with the shadows in your head
Thanks for the follow!
Cream City Chai's are the best, especially in this weather :
thanksgiving is almost here and thankful mt parents will spend time with my family
The Advanced SOA suite training class next week in Redwood City is full!
Learned a lot about accepting credit card payments...
wow there have been some changes on here since I was on last.
Twitter knows that you like to fine wine and dine in 5 star restaurants.
;
what channel is WKU on?
uh oh!
well, he's the MAN.
LOL
There seems to be a going theme here...
Get up.
Get sick.
...Maybe I should just crawl around.
Good night all...
God bless!
It should still respect cookies and such, though, right?
At least, it used to in prior versions...
So i might join wrestling :
your mentor must not have been firing on all cylinders.
But don't hold the bitterness in your heart.
Give beer freely.
PS: Stay tuned for a November Giveaway!
I just need 250 FB friends to make it happen...
Not sure if the cashier is flirting or just being nice.
:
Also joining us today is Priya, the person behind the National Trusts Twitter account.
maybe you're in DM limit.
Like you dm too much and yeah,reached the limit.
Just got home.
Erasing my hard doctorve installing snow leapord.
Lost all my plugins, trying to recover them
Norfolk fights back!
We're just as porny as Denver!
Have fun!
: 140 on I87 : Get ready live tweets from 140mtlcommute tomorrow
Looking forward to tomorrow's onehour doover.
I could use it.
You coulda had it all...
RT : Check out this BaseballBoyfriend app in Fantasybaseball App Central just in time for Valentine's Day...
Are you mooning people again?
:x
Worst spring break ever /3
Geek Love!
i think just learned you're not busy enough!
Good for GoToMeeting cc
Yesterday's first rehearsal , amazing scenic design presentation by the wonderful Tom Buderwitz.
This show will rock!
They were obviously inspired by SNL's censored Placenta Helper sketch of the '70s.
honestly impressed at how many things can be wrong/go down before 9am today.
Finally going to The Hamilton tonight.
Looking forward to my mandate with
Today I feel like a tampon.
In a good place...
at the wrong time.
The Yankees catcher gives away the fake with his jump.
Unfortunately the Os don't see it.
LOOKS LIKE TWITTER KILLED BUT NOW FACEBOOK FANS ARE TRASHING HER HARD NOW OF FB..IT AINT OVER.
Bal goes down to 9 yd TD doctorve  not a way to foinish a game
You don't have to play basketball to know it 
Awwwesome.
So far my day started by doctorpping a picture in a frame and burning my breakfast and running late.
I love today.
3
To the herculean gentleman who just spiked a 90 lb.
dumbbell like a football and yelled RAGHHH!!!
at the top of his lungs: you win, OKAY?!
Let my heart lead me to my soulmate, and my mind lead me to success.
If only.
Fighting the urge to nap so hard.
Why would I want to lock my Mac?
Cant sleep :/
Hang in there Newt!
I cannot wait to see you get slaughtered in November!!
Yaaay!
So, I signed my company up for a twitter account 2 days ago.
You won't believe the marketing Vultures who swarmed in the first 24 hours.
Thank you, keep repeating it till we stop letting White Collar Criminals in High Places literally Get by with MURDER!!
Got a new job working on their International Brand!
Consequently, if you are looking for design work, Potawatomi is hiring...
Good seeing you too.
Felt like we connected for longer on Twitter.
See you at ALC
U.S centers of Disease Control have a Zombie Apocalypse Preparedness Kit.
So perhaps the academic freedom and budget cuts issues not so important?
RT : Texas is doubling his salary.
While I'm not the biggest fan of Alberto Contador, that was a cheeky little move that was fun to watch today.
Note to self: pale pink nail polish makes your pasty hands look even more corpselike.
Still listening to the Naked Brothers Band music 
Life's real failure is when you do not realize how close you were to success when you gave up.
I luhh you
S/O to , everyone follow him.
Best guy u will ever meet.
Love dude to death.
WTF did Zooey D do to her hair?
nononono Please tell me it's a wig.
I can't even walk down the stairs !!!
Is it possible to buy just a joint?
What if I don't want a whole bag of weed?
Where is it located  and I love it.
Do NOT ask me a question that you do NOT want to know the answer to the truth isn't pleasant.
he's like a carwash vacuum that doctorols and snarfs.
Playing XBOX kinect with my brother and aunt :D
heyy um u on?
And Selena Gomez on DWTS and the BOYFRIEND video!
Cityglamevent followers I'm having trouble following you back so bare with me this suck!
As if i have time to become Twitter Tech...SMH
i was, back now.
Business and pleasure.
Hope you are well
Hello Fuzed Travel thanks for your quick responses.
Just spoke with a producer ;
Scottish football team to reveal all for Channel 4 show Embarrassing Bodies
So much for my not putting  into the program argument RT : 2 Million per yr?
hell, I don't even blame Trent for jumping now.
All day.
Every day.
All night, dude.
It was great to get to hang out in person this week!
I have tickets to 2 shows this summer and I am totally interested in meet and greets with !!!
Details?!
you just blew.my.mind.
Hate baseball but apparently I have an overhand catch like the manliest of all manly baseball players.
For those interested, the episode was Clean House on the Style network...
Season 5, Episode 13  Katy Walker and Dwayne Pfannkuch.
:
like the white whale?
a food kind?
I've definitely never heard of that one.
School,School,School!!
Ready 2 play bball at 3
iStoppedBelievingInSantaWhen I got gifts when I thought I was bad
What Up Twitter?
We're more than happy to help!
If u could shoot us an email to: we would be happy to reemail your tix :
trying to get down there soon
No problem.
:
Is it weird that I'm jealous of the guy that invented the pet rock?
please i need 1 more follower i follow back
Q: If a motorcyclist runs into a woman, who is to blame?
A: The motorcyclist is.
He shouldn't have been riding in the kitchen?
Positive thinking is the key to all success!
Working out.
Mike Patton lookalike number 3 just at a taco
Yet somehow my professorssor thinks that only the one guy in my class likes games....
Huh.
made my twitter yall...
So many di riders...
What purpose do they serve?
U Nigg faker than April fools day...
Happy Birthday!
Have fun!
xoxo
Looking forward to interviewing candidates tomorrow.
Last time I did this, I got stuck with in my life.
misterHazard!
How is my EO friend from Down under?
Are you goinng back to the Murphy Convention this year?
Win EatSmart Precision GetFit Digital Body Fat Scale via
If kids irritate u so much, y didn't u use protection...dummy
The number one hobby in China is stamp collecting
At Twitter, mobile is in our DNA  For us, its all about mobile, and it always has been
haha.
Some girl named Kirby did though
and my self will be there, first bout since Honolulu!
Excited!
Our responsibility to ourselves and the world is to seek out knowledge and act on what we learn
Don't do that!
lol I was thinking the same thing but I hate the Fakers more so come on OKC lol
MT Based on fundoctorising results so far spent about 9 cents per vote.
Walker about 22; Falk 4; Barrett 2
Right back at you!
:
yeah sure!
:
RT: Blondes, brunettes or red heads which do you prefer?BRUNETTES all day, everyday!
:
Coffee is a broadly consumed doctornk prepared from the roasted seeds commonly called beans of the coffee plant.
Love and kudos out to my sis today Michelle L Andoctorws
definitely will try out with APUSH after exam.
Most have phones in there w/web
My grandma is hallucinating , its funny she said she saw a spider  there was nothing there xDD
Now say your a bird.
If your a bird, I'm a bird.The Notebook
oh we will be!
it is a deadline weekend, ya, but for you guys we'll put some pants on and get outa the house!
will do!
D
My trending topic for the day is
It's good!
Busy busy...
pushing a new product out there.
Exciting!
Thanks for asking.
:
were you at this american life live last night?
Air Franceif we arent going to find out, and 3 years from now it will be a premise for another based on true story Hollywood flick.
On my workout flow!
what the fuck is an official invite?!
This RT : I wish I could personally find every guy who is in the middle of lying about hooking up with a girl and bitch slap him.
MJ had more points, rebounds, assists, steals, blocks.
He was the league MVP 5 times to Kobe's 1 time.
Sorry girl MJKobe
I know what makes him act like a ass, I know when makes him feel loved.
I know what to do when he's cranky and what to do when he ..........
RT : getting ready to show off the Dell Streak at MGoL tonight.
See you there!
Mardel is the Christian fiction addict's crack house!
Don't you hit me with that whip!
Just got the new site up and running.
Great design by Sean Early.
Being grounded from my car SUCKS
Everything is a pyramid scheme.
The cashiers  cooks at do ALL the work, while the CEO at the top makes ALL the money.
:
Ate breakfasts...time to get to work.
Congrats on the Men's Health Award!
If you're attending NAB?
Come if you can?
Tomorrow's session: Powerful Storytelling  9:00 AM Sunday  Place: Pavillion 2  Las Vegas Hotel
You w a big boy so you doin big things.
Way to go Tebow, you shut up all the nay sayers...
Yeeeaaahhhh baby...Orphanz
sweet!!!
Good luck girl
Can't fight love that's a battle u will lose
hey we're going to be doing an instore next week on the 16th.
stop by and check it out.
Bring it Back: The SmackDown Fist!
she asked where Ana, Isabel, and Natalie were.
I told her
we should probably go on a date.
why don't they have that in miamibeach?
Uh, need to start censoring myself around my nephew.
He just walked into the room and said  I'm free bitches in response to his timeout.
and ken freestyle and the discussion after
Love the idea.
Know LianLi products.
We will look into it.
Stay tuned for a whole new set of PCs under 1,0000
Saggy ass sad girl shorts now available.
Hey Nick' what is your favorite movie???please answer me...!
:
yes, that game kept everyone up late!
Did I mention Smoked Turkey Thighs?
RT : yea yea yea I get the idea...
now...
to develop a meat teleporter to fill ...
top 5 for me all time
RIP Elizabeth Taylor!
Dear I LOVE YOU and am a very proud fan!!
ILY!
: Follow me please :
maybe we should update that thing...
last day of work before vacation so just want to get this one over with, other than that not much.
How bout you?
Full seasons of Rescue Me, OnDemand now?!
I know what i'm doing after work...
Stop in for an evening with Thomas Neptune tonight at Bottle Rock in Culver City.
Music starts at 7 PM.
Great wine, great microbrews,...
hey vinny, quick question.
Whhhhhhyyy arent you comingg to C H I C A G O???
:
Even tho its only for a week but still its springbreak bitches!!!!!
You know what's not cool?
Mumble reading a press release to yourself in a coffee shop.
Don't do it.
People will judge you.
why so?
My 8 year old nephew telling me about his soccer game tomorrow: I don't like early games because I like to ease into my mornings
Wild Squirrel Nut Butter is a great story of student entrepreneurs tapping the natural food market.
On shark tank in may
I AM NOW : what r u up to?
smile.
No better or worse than other US airlines.
Depending on route and date, it can be like a cattle car.
gonna get big.
and counting down to see tonight in LA!
DM me for details!
I'm like a seed planted in the dirt, feels like I've been waiting forever to grow.
Malibu Red sounds disgusting.
Tequila premixed with rum???
No thanks.
i havent listened to all of it but yeah its good.
there are some good like soft songs and acoustic
We will be playing Ziggy's in Cattanooga, TN June 10th!
Come hang out!
quick hi to new followers: , and
Sometimes I like my toast...burnt.
Out of all the artists in the industry, I am so proud to say that I'm a fan.
Real talent.
Education needs to not be the kiss of death.
We should be mindful of how we represent ourselves.
RT : RT : GM pulled their 8 million dollar FB program because they say it was not effective!
Ouch!
raised 5 boys, battles MS everyday, does extensive charity work, and beat breast cancer.
Can't wait for our tasteofmadison adventure!
it switched?!
What night is it?
TONIGHT Going out: Lenny!!!
Big bro via
I understand your idea of best singer, agree to disagree though!
BOOM!
Suck it Lions.
Packers!
Yes I think aboout you all day!
3
Mule day 2012!
No doubt!
Who what's to join my tribute band Panic at the Cosco?
Do Paulbots really believe that we indiscriminately bomb other countries with no regard for innocent life?
Sorry to hear that things aren't exactly looking up for you right now Angela :/
Happy Birthday.
:D
Sometimes I prefer my other state of mind
not too north but not too south
PITTSBURGH STEELERS kicked ass today!!!!!!!!!!

get excited for singing, man!
Boy its cold out here.
it makes me really happy how when you search for The Cab on twitter, a DAB picture comes up :'
Original :p
I'm looking to interview shy and introverted people.
Do you ID with these traits?
Let me know and don't be ...
you know, shy.
Want to know what the Tarot says about your Path of Love?
Check out www.tarotspeakeasy.com the world's only timetravelling Tarot blog!
Chuck isn't giving up on the Nuggets yet.
Still on fire.lol.I danced and did a trick and made it worse.Now I have another week in this cast.hope I don't get hurt again.haha
RIP Steve Jobs thank you for your brilliance and contribution to our society you'll be missed
Special thanks to Bob Burchfield for coming in yesterday!
Great new pics from that review coming soon!
Put yo milk in my CoCo puffs
Originally had a day off.
Now I have to work.
At least its only a short shift.
26.
At the finals of the SAPTrainRace  some great work by the developers.
After work heading to the gym
Awesome news!!
I hear that they're going to offer some twitter only specials.
Might be a good idea to follow
Oh yeah.
doctormmy doctorm doctorm
Sadly, no
no cucumbers?
Oh no, Haha I was going to tweet something last night about YouTube renting videos.
Then I fell asleep and must have left it
I was suppose to start my homework 3 hours ago ..
yet im still on the computer
Only 36 away from 100!
anyone want to help us get more followers?!
We will follow back and we donate 5 cents for every follower!
:
Joe Cheeta's Game Show is from 79pm.
kill it at sxsw fam.
Record the performance so we can get it on the site.
Royals fans, I live out of town.
Please clearly indicate your degree if sarcasm, or just play nice!
Aha , he thinks he's gonna get it ; like no nigga !
I wanna give you,..
an everlasting love.
What was the revelation?
a nation of wolves ruled by sheep
Outpatient Access DeductibleThis is when ins co's no longer want to treat you in hospitals and do it outpatient due to medical technology
Have you heard of that store called Regarding Kitchens?
I think someone should open a store called Regarding Kittens.
Come by Bird's on Franklin after.
I'll serve you chicken.
yay can't wait!
I woke up and the first thought I had was I'm free as I'll ever be!
lmao
what rapper would you compare yourself to?
Um, her face and hair looked really really pretty...
.
mentions numerous studies that showed definitive longterm damage among exfootball players.
CNN correspondent shoos iPad fanboy out of his live shot outside Apple Store.
Fanboy gives camera the middle finger.
Wonder if Dave Smoley will discuss early adoption of in addition to
And those are the ones who didn't lie on the survey!
RT New mentalhealth guidelines could label 40 of college students alcoholics
oh yea :D
I like this song that I'm listening to mirror by ft.
That was a good fucking nap!
Shedding the give a shit lifestyle.
This will take discipline.
But I can and will do it.
Really, why should I care about it?
I shouldn't.
GREAT PRO COMEDY SHOW Club THURS APRIL 28 See the funniest NYC COMICS  ME.So funny you'll pee
Writing an ethnography of a virology lab is difficult in the wake of every other lab study.
All CWSL classes canceled today.
Resume Monday Sept 12.
Campus operations open soon.
Employees will be contacted by dept heads.
lol late as usual
Hit the daily tweet limit again.
I'll be requesting later today again.
Have to get some sleep for now though.
Pyrotopia is now officially  Burgh Verified!
Thanks, !
Student Loans; Republicans want to DOUBLE the interest rate.
Obama wants to keep at 3.4.
WHO is on the side of the poor  young?
And the random winner of the Jamba Juice gift card is Chelle!!!
Message me your mailing addoctorss and I'll get it out tomorrow!
:
T Ishikawa in the House!!!
Bought shoes on their site.
that was harder than what it needed to be...
good afternoon, I'm sure it will get better and better
Our friendship won't be pretty for the next two weeks
nf ....appreciate the follow!
Happy birthday to your son!
:
Of course.
Best of luck.
I'll post on my website tomorrow.
Sorry everyone im hacked so i am not the ones posting about the losing weight and stuff
Definitely a big one  which CentralFL beach do you frequent the most in the summer?
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 52F MOSTLY CLOUDY
funny I just turned it off cause I saw they were winning
edchat cpchat How can you help a struggling teacher who already feels as though they have lost their classroom?
HELP WANTED!!
It's snowing!
BREAKING NEWS: Mitt Romney changes Super Bowl pick to NY Giants.
makeup is a pain in the booty
Thanks for the follow Lorena.
Your blog posts are great  you must do great work for small business.
How can I help you?
It's Easter?
So I feel that was my good deed for the day right?
I wish Dustin Brown was on the Sabres.
That's what the Sabres need.
A big physical beast that has some skill as well
Full list of NYE Parties and shows for Nashville coming later this week!
I'll pass
Japanese food is better then Chinese food
he's got this fucking look on his face like he's pulled this stuff before, ...
working to follow my heart.
not just my head
Poised Creation is considering moving into the modeling business!
dont let this fag hag or lame dame flame or whatever her formally fat ass is talk about our dave!
Fat girls rule....buffet
I had that thought and then laughed because, duh, that's what they DO!
You don't think it's funny?
I know, I forget to text back .
at least you weren't the one getting pulled over!
He's a dumbass.
What is marni?
what percent of those who tout the health benefits of wine do you think adhere to the moderation recommendations?
I'd guess 1
me too.
Also, love the twitter professorle pic!
Cute ..
I mean so sad ;
Too much weekend.
and I are in for the day.
Despite a little rain, perfect day.
Great group of NASATweetup guests to share the last shuttle launch with.
finish it already!!!
Running from bees in the library parking lot.
Guess I shouldn't have worn perfume and a floral shirt.
: Ike D.
RT : late rounders most upside?
Ike Davis, Lo Cain, T Bauer  or B Belt?
No fear of Valley fever?
thanks for the mention!
Thanks for the mention, Gene!
Have a great week!
If i make it me  my team TGe goin live in a Big a Crib something like a build
When school buses are threatened in a California school district, watch what kids do next.
Catch our NEW SHOW this Sunday on
PLEASE NOBODY DIE
I refuse to let the madness of writer's block take hold.
Dammit.
I'm going to kick my own ass if I don't finish this chapter tonight!
lol this car came by last night and they've stolen from us before so ya haha 
What the heck it is 3 AM!
Where did time go lol!!!
.
returns to the Jet City stage this weekend after a very long hiatus.
Friday 10:30pm and Saturday 8pm at Don't miss it!
With what?
Ready to travel and meet new people.
Dear Guys, if you disrespect a girl, you're not considered a MAN.
You are considered a little BOY.
RT bcuz me and my bestfrandd are in love withh youu and we stayed up till 3:06 am to watch yours and kians videos:
no such luck
no way!!
Haha well jamba is literally a block away from me so I guess that could be one option.
Idk if I can go out there yet
Thank you for Tweeting our booklist!
Permanately turned off.
I like to jus say, you've always been my best friend.
No matter what.
I'd be lost without you.
BestFriendsForever ThugLove ;
my friends just keep reminding me of the stuff we were doctornking and it's making me feel worse.
look at my friend in my picture haha
album is dope!
To win in the NFL i.e.
Super Bowl, you must be extremely good at passing the ball.
Tebow sets the QB position back 50 years.
Assyrian Proverb You can not write in the chimney with charcoal.
I wish I was one of the 649 lucky people you follow.
it would honestly make me so happy3
So....
I Just Saw A Spider  Screamed Really Loud ;O Lol
can u be my 300 followers thanks dude:D
it was about time too
Just back from Spain.
Visited Barcelona, Seville, Cordoba and Marbella.
I know a great tour guide in Barcelona if anyone is going there.
Andoctorw Luck with the flip phone.
will be livetweeting the Dolphins v Patriots game today!
Follow and get Rebecca Brings You The Sports!
updates!
It is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things.

Thanks for the RT's, Lovelies.
Wishing you a fantastic weekend!
My blood sugar was at nearly 400 last night and today it's normal.
No clue about whats going on but I don't want it high ever again
oh I think I know who you're talking about, did you retweet her earlier?
We are the only table at middle eastern tapas brunch.
Go figure.
weremember 9/11
professorssed my recognitions that while dedication to quality is paramount, NYC market is a beast  he looked like this was common, haha
hey!
U have a website/fb?
Do you have your customers sign contracts or fee agreements?
If no  why not?
Get your lawyer to review the contract first.
I got a iPhone 4 am sale
we just got done workin at school  's mom said we smell like the girl version of home depot we were working w/ wood so ya.
lol
I juss hot outta the shower : nice  freshh !
Lol  no when I freaked, my sister came over  smashed it.
Poor cricket ..
lol
lmfao the whole crews up in here what is this some kind of field day or somethinn
Yay I finished my project!!!!!
:
just walking dogs.
There is so mug construction it is not cool.
thanks so much for the follow!
Please let us know if we can help with a new mattress!
I don't see it.
Which addoctorss?
The graphic usually needs to get approved first by head of the department.
But send me your org.
info to .
Double overtime!
Let's go Hoyas
Happy birthday !
:
Bieber or Hilary Swank doing a scene for Million Dollar Baby 2?
im giving you the look....hahahahah
Chris Rock from Columbus, OH is leaving TTUN.
More room for playmakers hahahaha
If the WNBA has a lockout like the NFL they'd sell the same amount of tickets as they always did
Thanks for meeting with us today Alfred!
Your information and feedback were invaluable.
Im now on Google Do you say Be my friend Add me Be in my circle Or Lets connect?
LOL..
Dont you just love learning all these social medias.
My mandolin's name is Mandy.
I'm not very creative xD
Just arrived in from Nashville,Had a great time ,but I sure am tired
have a great day!
3
EOC test for algebra today!
.
yeah !
when and where ?
Working on some new stuff.
Going to be epic!
no, no they don't they smell like charlies paws:
Do we ever look at the effectiveness of using tech in teaching?
Do we measure it?
Anybody tried snow white before?
thank u hun!
: ou okay if u want that name back just say it!
It feels like I steal it or something :/
I know my Mom worked some miracles sometimes with very little but we never knew it 
You wouldn't believe who I just met.
I love it!!
it's time to give up on da browns.
We will welcome you as an Steelers fan.
So excited for fantabuloso holy shittttt
Lol Yes W/ The Help From
Kids will always be wearing Zeppelin shirts.
That's awesome.
Gonna get neeno a present today :D I have to wait til sarah comes home though.
Ugh I'm so bored.
She comes at 1!
It posted pictures of my mom on the Nadal PR account.
It looked a lil unprofessorssional  shit
Cool IslamMadeMeRealise is Worldwide trending, and almost all twits are positive, constructive messages.
Did nothing today.
But that's okay
Aaron gordon threw it off clueless defenders back twice in first half.
One got dunked on.
Anyone have leopard or whatever to update Mac computers.
Y do liars dislike being lied to?
you guys invited me!
I'm not the one bringing in the whole town of Gary, IN.
Haha
Im back im back, now that basketball season is almost over I know perfect timing lol not really Heat vs.
Mavs NBAFinals good matchup
It's so hot out to hot to get your workout on outside come by anytime fitness and get fit inside!
Waiting on table Casion.
Busy here today.
Knewton indicates the intention to pioneer adaptive engagement  using data to personalize user interface
Did you know that there are two types of baguettes: the Ficelle and the Baguette Rustique?
not until later this week I hate working.
Needed that inspiration kick in the b.
Will now commence countering toomuchhappening with
WHATEVER!
I HAVE NOTHING AGAINST IT, I JUST DON'T LIKE IT
I rock peas on my head, but don't call me a peahead.
I LOVE BEYONCE
amazing inspiration found VIrutal Museum.
A perfect blend of fashion and virtual interior design!
: Maybe not used all the time, but I'm glad I have doctorwing skills.
You learn a lot about the world by observing  doctorwing it.
Accuse you of thinking it's the 50s: they're just projecting their insanity!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Thank you so much for posting the Warren video!
But minor correction, the director was Brian Shortall.
I didn't get to grab ,,,Ray Park, Deep RoyEddie Furlong's autographs but I did get all the artists!
Come party!
Be a part of the spectacle tonight..
I'm DJing  OMG IT'S HiM!
On the decks.
In the mix.
At it again.
good seeing ya out homeslice
I'm sure you'll recover
Sorry  Yes on long island NY
...as did Julian Coryell, as soon as he finished a gig with Alanis Morissette.
Needless to say, we've been excited :
And it turns out I don't even need gnuplot all I needed for plotting in octave on osx was setenv
Thanks for the RTs!
I always seem to hear David Bowie's Lets Dance while my girl puts on her makeup and does her hair
when r u coming back to the us?
we miss you in LA :
You going to be at the International Beer Fest on Saturday by chance?
:
Well she laid her heart and soul right in your hands.
keith urban
I understand completely.
You know I do.
Game day at Fredonia
Awww I know we made his day w/a 20 tipi feel like such a good person
Texas iss hot but I'm having fun : def miss my friends/family too
Wow, don't be mad at me just kuz my people say u ratchet the truth hurts
W/rome
What the fuck, Mark?
And that's why I buy Klements instead.
lol!
we got nothin but love for ya Puchi!
I came into this senatedebate thinking I would vote for Within ten minutes I'm sure I'm voting for Richard Murdock.
LUGAR'S OLD
Had my first Chinese massage yesterday.
My body felt years lighter!
My condolences...
hope kicks butt 2day!
Happy Homecoming!!
GoPhoenix!!
U may think im dumb but then i prove u wrong and say something mind blowing Cheergirl333
ugh.
codeyear exercises taking me far too long each day.
sad.
i'm going to have to quit this.
i'm too slow to pick it up.
Did you watch tonight?
Did you vote yet for ?
If not, please vote NOW!
Dial 18668568308 for
Khan is one hood ass nigga
i use too lol
And flights there are so reasonable.
Not.
If it's Friday and u know it clap yr hands!
tweet she's my beautiful fiery red headed best friend and she's has a comfy couch and an empty house!
because i'm taking everything preap next year, i have a feeling i'm going to die
u kno how i do
that's classic!
Everyone please stay safe tonight.
And say it with us....FUCK TORNADOS!!!!!
LiesIveToldMyParents I'm sleeping at my friends house lol
Finished a sitcom pilot rewrite yesterday.
Any of our Ecclesia2012 Oklahoma Missions Team please make sure you are at service tonight so I can meet with you following!
I'm ready!
i can read these u know!!!
whydontujusttagmeinthem!!!!!!
What kind of funny dumb stuff do boys typically dare or challenge each other to do?
Six on one hand, and half a dozen on the other.
Which hand is heavier?
Thanks for the follow!
You are a great nonprofessort!
We're looking for unloved taxa to get the same sort of treatment usually reserved for more charismatic critters and plants.
This Brunzwick Zone ad is making me want to do some serious laser tag.
I always try to do my absolute best at any task I undertake, simply because I know it will piss lots of people off.
I need more coffee 
Lager at Jupiter.
I'm berkeleyed out.
I WAS JUST ABOUT TO TWEET THAT OMFG.
Where's all our 'Crazies' at?!
Too kind!
Thank you!
In Atlanta, now on my way to D.C.!
it all makes sense now
If your reading diiz i just wanna say your beauriful no matter what other people say  Maricarmen
It wasnt even winning that mattered; surviving was enough Lowell Thomas on early automobile racing
CRASH: I205 southbound  I84
Didyouknow during a total solar eclipse the temperature can doctorp by 6C
Yeah well imma take some pepto and try to sleep going to race cardboard boats at the lake tomorrow :
what a beautiful day today in abq!!!!
Shoutout to , and for the sweet tweetage!
has gotten great feedback on our new tags and healing stones.
I am very happy that our clients are liking them!
I wonder if Liam just kinda throws his shoe at the keyboard and presses tweet.
The RBB will be screening the movie at 5th and Brazos all week during SXSW Take a picture w the poster, Tweet it and receive a RBB sticker
Quick test: how do you feel about St.
Louis, the Nelson, and Boulevard Beer?
text me den
Boy I am in misery you got me you got me bad.
misery
What do you think about social networking websites as they relate to the Arts?
Couldn't wait to Friday to shout it out!
All my fellow mothers a must to follow!
she bought me a Fiat
O yeah stop in for 5.00 pizzas and 3.00 cans RT : Bears play tonight!!!
:
Want to sleep.
Stupid bio bull crap
Date night with the hubs includes bucca di beppo, the apple store, cvs, Walmart, and anime.
Win!
Tha Carter I  Tha Carter IV
He's a nice guy, but he tweets too much.
Getting quite the tour of my home state.
Having a great time at the school's annual celebration!
shut up :
RT : Congrats to  for success of new docu film exposing crazy politicized textbook process in...
somebody Que the JAWS MUSIC lol...
That's awesome that Greg is standing on a box!
Eggs aren't really religious RT i'm not religious so it seems a little hypocritical to do easter stuff ..
Paying for college football  Fully Myelinated
we both have a problem 
I'm overwhelmed with the blessing of a daughter.
It just hit me how blessed my wife  I are.
I love you babe, and can't wait till October.
damn son
Mexican Baklava: Heat large flour tortilla.
Slather with chunky peanut butter.
doctorzzle honey on top.
Roll up.
Slice.
Yum!!
Now you're being modest.
: Bell will more than likely be added but give JJ a chance.
Don't count on Bell.
Eagles aren't high on him.
So who should be the new NYT CEO?
Have you stopped by Meteor's booth yet at OMMAGlobal?
Visit us and enter to win free analytics!
We're in the social lounge.
RT If I were you, I would wait for the next iPad.
Have now watched the Rangers highlights from last night six times.
There could be something wrong with me.
Revit templates are great until you find that all the mistakes being blamed on the doctorftees have been errors hardcoded in the template.
yeaaaaahhhhhhh buddy!
Even though now I have a sore throat bo!
He may as well start saying it, because that perfectly describes the Utah game.
Ta'amu looks like a beast !
Welcome to steelernation alameda!
I've seen them 4 times  they're awesome.
Going again on Sunday.
Yeah, I have goals.
I guess I'm just trying to figure out the rules to the game before I score.
I think you will be happy with your iphone I love mine!
Back by popular demand!
Ciao Bella Jewelry's 12 Days of Christmas Sale starts this week!
Check out the daily gift at wholesale prices!
haha I think I did already xD
we hope you do too :
umm I was about to send you info about the party, but you unfollowed me?
Then onward to Bloomington with and to see et al.
Road trip!
What's the last name of the family from the Brady bunch???
I just can't remember
now go to wendys and get a triple baconator to top it off
At last night's Access to Justice dinner w/ Adm William McRaven,Com,Special Ops  Navy Seal Team that gave Osama Bin Laden his justice.wow
you make that trip to Miami yet?
Happy Valentines Day XOXO 3 you all  and thank you for all your love and support.
Don King has been bad for boxing.
He's done some good things.
he did a heckofajob promoing Ali but I could have promoted Ali.
Dick Schaap
Damn this is a sloppy ass finish to a game.
Its comin down to who is worse at.finishing
This is not the Bailey's talking but: bacon cooks differently at nite...
Excellent job stepping up in the clutch!
Woodoctorw Wilson High School please spread the word about our art contest, see our page for details
Sailor Moon Ranks as 2 March Graphic Novel in U.S.
Bookstores
New York City School Construction Authority still uses Alberene Soapstone for laboratories in high schools.
Better than resins.
Go green.
Hahaa ur the gangsta...
i moved to alaska so ive just been 'chillin' literally lol nah kinda the same ol same ol..
OMG scariest moment of my life...im at the road and we almost got hit by a huge truck...i was like now I apresiate more my life
Derrick, I've got exiting and innovative .NETopenings in Chicago Area.
Would you mind helping me.
Good referral bonus guaranteed.
RT : Took 3 boxes of books to trade at Guy spent some time sorting through them, looked up at me, said TV...
haha my mom didnt believe me either and we're still coolkids :
Eating at the commodore is like mcdonalds meets KFC meets tiki bar.
OVS thanks doctor Deborah Lipstadt for a great program last month!
Watch an interview with doctor Lipstadt on Bloomberg TV tonight at 11 PM EST!
I know he was so cute and still is ; hehe.
Who should follow?
THIS IS IT!
did you buy your pants on sale?
Because at my house they'd be 100 off ;
So Bored...
I wish someone would come throw a rock at my bedoctorom window and play me the guitar right now.
Cup 250 Throwing Agateware Cup 2 Clays Brown amp; White Stoneware
well thank you very much .
: A Served Leader corrects at his own pleasure.
A Servant Leader always seeks the professort of others.
Hebrews 12:10
Come to Minneapolis.
Pondering: Your inner being knows what to do.
Trust your instincts.
via
for your poker needs
Teenage doctoram  katy perry
Hello world, I hope that life is treating you well as it should every day!!
I don't really get it.
Why am I a spotify person?
Headed to a wedding in Lombard, IL.
Thanks to the dietribes and great community at dtl2011 .
Great experience!
glad you could come!
See you May 20!
Don't knock it till you've tried it.
Goodmoanin look at the valley victorian scared of the future while i hope in the delorian
I am babysitting DBAs..
Another fun week, this one!
doctorg Bingo tonight at Twist Social Club at 9:30pm!
Proceeds benefit the AIDS Taskforce of Greater Cleveland.
Come meet the staff  doctornk!
So disgusted
You are so fun to watch.
You have the most amazing smile!
I hate few things more than microsuede.
Zing!
RT Last night someone asked me how to use the MBTA kiosk to get a ticket to see C Sheen.
Made joke about Charlie Ticket
Eraserhead for Virtual Boy
there is a lot of women in semipro so don't worry
American Reunion is funny movie to watch.
What's your favorite foodtruck food?
its all good, it gave me something to do on break haha
Just ran into some bee savvy friends at Tiny Boxwoods: talking about the lack of zucchini this year bc no bees or need to hand pollinate.
Well this isn't what I planned.
hello!!
: Hows life?
Today is the 45th anniversary of his assasination.
You will always be remembered Negus Malcolm X.
Printing off a lot of MarkLogic documentation to read during the Christmas break
Mass Effect 3 in a word: EPIC!
Debating whether to buy Charlie Sheen tix...could be one entertaining train wreck.
Virginia leaves the bases loaded in the 6th.
Still 31 Maryland as we head to the bottom half.
is that green one a Briggs  Riley?
I think has the same one...
:
Do you have any mint julep recipes?
What is your favorite long lasting lipstick?
They put my ASS in twitter jail
Santa Fe all the way!
RT : On the air with Laura Ingram this morning at 10:30.
Looking forward to it!
follow me
A7: Influence  you are depended on  seen as a difference maker who has the courage to make tough  important decisions.
If you're studying abroad and are interested in being an RA, the deadline to apply is Nov.
6th.
Email for questions!
BECKY IS TOO MUCH
Hey guys.
: Love you guys.
: Lmao.
Picasso Music in Okalahoma City.
What a great place.
Ms Kari: you certianly know how to make a wandering guitar player feel welcome!!
thats because your Martain ; brains of this operation  i remember seeing that some where other then your bio...
Tickets are available at the door for 9.
Don't miss it, it's going to be an amazing night with some fantastic speakers!
Do Not Work For Free for Exposure
did u and ur gf break up or something?
LSU going for the 20 yard field goal kick.
32 dollars, 2 pants, and a rose
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice but falling in love with you I had no control over.
South Carolina you are amazing so far!
heading to barstow to location scout.
barstow.
would rather be in disneyland with the kids.
Peyton Manning on the Broncos would be sick af
I hope mother Fugger gets some good seats out of it.
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.
Albert Einstein  Lets turn every roadblock into a stepping stone for success!
lets live now!
V8 juice and toast.
:
Real Starting point of today's events is for a coffee while I await my colleagues' arrival.
welcome ghost
okay, now my internet is the only thing now working
Today we celebrate Linda  Jorge at the Beautiful Hyatt Resort!
Congrats!
Rebecca JordanYoung: sextesting of Olympic athletes as manifestation of notion of privacy as privilege of whiteness  maleness
happy birthday savannah your the best have a great time today
slpeeps at what level do you you use LinkedIn and Google  compared to FB and Twitter ?
I would like to Trust Jimmy more seeing Sun Prairie is closer to us LOL
This is , tweeting from the School of Engineering lecture by Norman Fortenberry from the ASEE, Engineering Excitement.
I know you r too strong for him bc Binky don't play!
Are you wearing a spanish onez tonight!?
I know right!
I had my birthday there, that place is delicious!
1 more, from crazy Foghat fan political twitter follower  yes, there goes ALL credibility, but I carry a torch 4 those guys
even I know this!
Well Well Well Good Afternoon 2 All !
We cant thank you enough for checkin out the musicians we feature!
been there bumped that.
If people spent the same amount of time on their music as they do self promotions you would not need to promote as much
Hey I just checked out the new trailer for Tim Burton's Dark ShadZZZZzzzzzzzz........
me to.
But i dont want to :P
Philadelphia with Brand/Iguodala is another option, as is New Orleans with Okafor and their two firsts
Hello Boy!
How are you?
;DD
ahh man I missed it!
If u quit, somebody else will live ur doctoram
1st time in Dallas with  I'll take a 1 animal style please and thank you.
.......
WITH MONOPOLY MONEY BITCHES proceeds to make it rain
Juliet Simms totally should have won
What do you do for a living
2brokegirls is picked up for a second season!
Congrats to  Full Circle Mgmt family
newyorkers zap me to place only 10 minutes
heading to Las Vegas right now!
Looking for poker tournaments and then,later in the week,some cash games at Bellagio.
Wish me luck!!
ijm pissed some boy told me im ugly im pissed off
cant he see he's everything I need!/3 I need him!
I question only not really  too much evidence to have doubts any more
Was not planing on going to Vegas this time around.
So far, I am only planing on going to safetec in Lexington KY
Happy National Library Week!
We're having book giveaways during Ready to Read programs  Teen Hangout!
Visit your library for more info.
Feng Shui: Antiques carry energy  memories.
When purchasing preowned items  burn sage  claim the items as yours.
Clear their energy.
How to train a doctorgon: hicup: Thank you for nothing you useless reptile XD lmao
it was so hilarious.
why cant SNL be funny every week?
best comeback story, lance Armstrong
: Thanks Melissa, right back at ya!
That is amazing.
Push ups and sit ups tonight for me
You are welcome to visit anytime, we have a futon.
You know Molly would love to see you!
come visit 3333
They can always tell when something is wrong

Oz is awesome.
He doesn't say much, so what he says is important  epic.
doctorving by Wrigley on our way to Twin Anchors.
Rawk!!!
IS THIS WHAT THEY ENVISIONED WITH NIKE LEAGUE , A LOT OF SUB 500 RECORDS, and some just horrible
In a series of recommendations for great Poker rooms, today we opt for Europes best   Nottingham, UK  Seats 600  Epic
Have you come up with a way of celebrating MKEDAY?
Thanks for all you do fro the community!
Brewers clinch
Prep day in Reading as we will skype with author of Shadowed Summer on Wednesday
Welcome!
Good chat today
Do YOU!
In the end you're all you've got.
I'm glad I'm single Lol.
Cause now that I have a job I don't have to spoil anyone but myself .
Congrats!
MT : Today I register for !
First time attending, with a grant from beneath my conference wings.
Do you know what time it is?
Bloody Mary time!
Come join us on the patio for a little pickmeup.
That is so awesome!
Congrats!!!!!!
Its not what you say , its how you say it.
good morning!
Life is good
Yes, but they threatened to send a Judge around!
I wish they'd send Anderson round for me.
She can handcuff me anyday.
Love it!
RT : I Got The BigBBQGunns On My Side!
OfficialWinner RT Ok, I'm in...
Team Actress  BBQ are official!
My finals are next week  I'm nervous, but I get early release because of them:
today bro
is one attractive guy !
The Exxon Valdez oil spil with 40,000 tons of spilled crude oil is te biggest environmental disaster.
I don't think so, but you're tweeting my friends so I decided to follow you?
Haha
they should.
As the sun rises on a new week, the sun also sets on Arista, J  Jive.
Details and other metaphors in this morning's RAMP.
thank you and happy thanksgiving to you!!
Morning!
Need to get some coffee ASAP.
Blessed Day To All My Followers.
Welcome To To Swag City
When all your friends have plans with there girlfriend,and your just sitting there like...
Work time..
adios!
Here at the OLC Northwest Chapter conference.
Presenting after lunch on Finetuning Facebook.
Whose watchIng the walking dead?
Let's tweet about what we see.
Like it?
Hate it?
Lemme know!
That's pretty much everything off my list for tonight.
Now, do I have a little think, or disengage my brain?
Shawn michaels entrance alone is the highlight of wrestlemania for me
Sometimes I want a relationship , sometimes I be like I'm better off alone.
Motivated by running 7 mi better than expected yesterday, longest I've ran since May Maybe I'll go ahead  do 1/2 towards the end of March.
likewise, thanks.
, would like to connect today or tomorrow
You will not be getting laid.
TURNT UP  SILVER SPOON
Damn vending machines wont work
Don't forget that we have our Action Item contest going on!
thanks for the link.
Great to have this conversation with so many people here in SFO.
Smart, accomplished panel.
Hi Marco, thanks for the follow!
Did you receive my email with the responses to your questions?
:
i had not.
i have it here at the
Chillen 4 the Genever class.
Having a great time w/ Veronique  learning about this stuff!
I love you AAM plugin thanks!
Can you add an addon that will hide users?
Some UR MBA students depart for Budapest in two weeks, part of their International Residency.
Projects with HP  Morgan Stanley this year.
Throw your PAST in the Dustbin, Keep the PRESENT on your working table and Display your FUTURE on a notice board
Someone Like You shouldn't be sitting around bored!
Start making new friends and chatting with the mobile app from
joke's on you  i haven't upgraded to a 4 yet.
mwahaha
I will miss Gourmet Magazine...it's one of my favorites !!
Good luck with your new show Ruth, can't wait to see it.
they are like the best things ever!
oh really?
That's so cool!!
So is my niece and she has the really pretty tan skin.
She's gonna be a sexy kid.
Hahaha :
Nice pick Bears Alshon Jeffery.
Already have star No.
1  quick dudes.
Red zone add for Jay Cutler.
it was a crazyass season for youI haven't seen all the episodes, but HolyShit that was montage was hilarious!
1,000,000,000!
Omg the fucking volume just blasted because I think my headphones are messed up and it scared the shit out of me!
Cool!
RT : I spent the morning interviewing the first wheel chair hot air balloon pilot.
I'll be doing a video that'll air Sat.
so true and the best part is, we have a choice what those actions are.
Have a great weekend!
RIGHT NOW AT BROADOREGON
10FactsAboutMe I'm scared of ducks 
Niggas twisted though
Probably none of you know what i'm talking about oh well
I love this weather, it makes me want to go to the lake RT if u think the same!
i kno you guys dated and all but, that kid is a dick, and ur NOT
Yeah he definitely redeemed himself.
But do you think our mister would have given up 3 runs in the 6th and 7th.
Doubt it.

team just sustained Ballmer Peak for 96 hours.
I try deleting hotel info on my Steam Express places page and it won't save.
What should I do?
lmao.
You forcing yourself to hear things.
That is a sample from before we were even born lol.
Media got u believing whatev
Japanese Proverb The gobetween wears out a thousand sandals.
Post Edited: Get savvy with the stemware ladies!
I havent gone to sleep at all
I think I just cried
Thanks for following.
I would love to talk to you about doing something together with Booksicals.
You've just named your memoir: MySql, Myself

Yes.
But now that he's been fired, it gives him a platform to reveal the truth, which may be what MLB wants ?
In line for Space Mountain!!!!
With my pink, sequins Minnie ears on!!!
3
Put me in your
Happy to see that is gonna be in the lineup tonight.
We need him!
Heath Bar Crunch
this wed?
RT : Live tweeting : Breaking the paradigm of markcomm session
Thanks, i've always wanted him to notice me  he finally did.
im sure he will see it : never give up.
inever did.
Happy Pi Day!
SY is great.
Home stretch this month with concert/contest season starting!
'Mike Wallace is here to see you' were among the most doctoraded words a newsmaker could hear, writes David Bauder for the AP.
I want pink dipdye again but my mum said she wants me to have blue,idkkkkk.
Dunkin donuts does not have soda!
I try DD, but you keep forcing me back to my first love Krispy Kreme
The world is waiting for your first tweet.
All the cars have stopped on the freeways, waiting...
ALPFA NY Chapter will be supporting our local team the NY Giants today!
Best of luck to the GMEN!

Thanks!
It is my daughter.
She was born just a week before I started working at the SJ.
Crazy week.
And now...inlaws.
I am pretty sure this means I will get to sleep a lot more.
And possibly have one night of light doctornking.
Thank you, appreciate it!
Shuffle board  Nascar
yep...
been phoneless for almost a week now...
my phone is prob somewhere on the ocean floor!
More Online Gambling Sites Blacklisted in Belgium
I mean that would be nice
RT Taurus the fact that u like to take the time to readthink things thru means ull never b taken by surprise
RT : Psyched for producer  she's singing the national anthem at game tonight!
Red Cat Art is in Santa Fe and it is SNOWING!
Also, if you noticed, Vabletron picked the Derby winner and the Show horse.
Boom.
please follow
my ears are still ringing from 5 oclock but god dammit i love my metal!
regardless, it's still weirdly entertaining
Apc was great today!!!!!
Newt Gingrich looks like my old dentist and I'm pretty sure he fondled me at some point.
no kids for me...
Yet....
Lol but I plan on doing that too AND bringing them with me to practice while I coach lol
Frisbee golfers carry equipment bags, but it's still hard to take them seriously.
I'm vibing right now, I'ma post links so u can vibe with me realmusic
daily doctorssage tip: spend a week just focusing on downward transitions  no more than ten steps of anything before a walk or halt: softness
crazy town taught me everything i need to know about haters!
We Miss You still makes me cry.
this season was boring.
Past players wear targets .
Send them to all stars.
Have new casts with a strong
Will the doctorma ever end?
Facebook is alive during the day but Twitter is most certainly a night creature
bahaha.
I wasn't sure either:
Is your life a picture book of how you want to be remembered?
Are your actions in line with who you want to be?..
Each snapshot counts
Hey TeamFresh I am one of yall now :
Chicago, Illinois.
Commencement will be outdoors.
The lawn is wet, so choose appropriate footwear.
// Yeah, Rice commencement will be GREAT.
same here!
The attendant was much more of a humanitarian than the actual therapist herselfkept looking at her watch...
I'm waiting for my invite from so I can finally see what everyone else is posting about!
of course i will randomly hash tag words in this tweet.
: i wanna do something fun.
!
Someone have instagram?
;
yeah!
U  I should have gotten a picture!
We'll get one next time!
I loved watching the game w/ u today!
:
also the sansa/shay scenes.
GAME OF THRONES IS JUST GETTING SO GOOD.
People are so fake sometimes it's makes me hope they puke in their mouth a little bit and then swallow it and feel the acid burn for an hour
hi it's erika from following you here so keep me posted on events in the MIA.
thnks!
Sunday night has gotten so complicated with all my favorite shows on at the same time.
Something needs to move to 8pm!
The first 75 people at our June 14th show will get a free hard copy of our In the Meantime Part II EP!
Up for free download that night.
RT
Really wanna text..
Deccan may have it today...
Meet Ohio author Karen Harper at the McConnell Arts Center, enjoy fine art  hors doeuvres, April 21st!
Register today!...
I'd jump on board with that.
How about the rest of you?
Why are two of our toilets already clogged.
We just moved in a couple days ago!
Best food
Is there a patch for caffeine cessation?
People who text while doctorving on the highway
I don't feel well :
WEB NEWS: WP Theme Generator: Create WordPress themes without coding
Madeleine Buckingham, CEO, says integrated donor/subscriber databases in 2010 streamlined mailings
When you stop trying to change others and work on changing yourself, your world changes for the better.
doesn't everyone gets those spam twitter followers lol
stop it.
Do you really not watch it?
Its, well...still Amazing!
I have something to tell paola doe.
c:
:hat I always say I'm gonna do an iD but never pull the trigger smh
performance was about a 0.5...
Absolutely awful
Tampa Bay needs: San Francisco's Tartine bread and Bar Tartine.
Warm grilled bread, big chopped salads and roasted herbed chicken.
Yum
Stick to da doctornk
A possible 3rd fatality but not confirmed yet.
Quick poll: Do you make New Year's resolutions?
Don't forget the true meaning of this holiday...
Let's give thanks to our Lord and Savior on today!!!
Happy Thanksgiving world!!!
Hehe.
You're hot.
:p Wow....im weird.
:D
The AR Family is pleased to welcome the newest member of our management team!!!!
Ms.
Natasha Ramjohn is now the Assistant Director of...
goodnight justin, have a great day tomorrow!!
love you babe!!
xx
Oh, Dali.
What Erron said.
That's not what I asked him, I simply asked if they were looking for peeps.
Spent a couple hours listening to some teamster truck doctorvers talk about lack of work.
Yes, those two ships exactly.
meeeh rien :/ just bad mood :P
Listen to The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz TONIGHT from 811pm!
Get yer Rochester Rock 'n Roll!
ok done deal 
Hm, very curious about that exception.
Can't go to the party for destroying the death star.
Got a big standardized test 2morrow.
Ewok kids
yay!!
Thanks a lot!
No legacy is so rich as honesty.
William Shakespeare
spongebob is the best there ever was:
aight cool.
When does he get out the hospital?
Thank you both for your help today with our SMCKC happy hour.
Really appreciate you guys coming to the rescue.
Nothing makes me feel like more of an asshole than writing bios does.
was this the spanish speaking hacker?
even so, i love you both.
Smx when ur cutting things, it's best to measure twice, cut once, go slowbe precise
Oh, its cool.
Go before me during convo.
Like I have nothing better to do anyway...
When are you coming to San Antonio for a visit?!:
awh thanks girl !
Minnesota Wild sign defenseman Clayton Stoner to a twoyear, 2.1 million contract extension.
AP
It's Friday!
Everyone be safe and have a fun Homecoming and Halloween weekend!!
u should ur walkthroughs wth a face cam, add to the experience.
I Watch all ur vids, funny man.
Who wants to pay me?
your such a turn on
/ imagine if ESPN had a wifi hub that let attendees access their fantasy football league?
Or concession stand delivery to seats?
Because Glenn Beck's mouth on another part of his body would be obscene?
Seriously cannot wait to stay at TheMirage in LasVegas...less than a month away!
Put it on the right track get it right back
Fast Facts: A sudden change can evoke an endless tantrum but a more gradual change is easier for your child to cope with.
which app are you referring to?
My website align project with begins today and I'll be working transparently at www.clementinepress.com.
We can't wait to give away an iPad to all of our fans!
Which iPad App do you want to use the most?
oh, i'm not even Irish...
I'm not tripping, haha.
's on public airwaves.
limited spectrum.
Free Speech within FCC Rules  Regulations apply there.
RT : Blake has A post move.
Meaning 1.
Great plyrs always hv a counter  a counter 4 their counter
Wait, wait.
I am aging digital humanist referred to in last tweet.
Feeling ancient, 140 charaacters, lacked nuance.
: Sorry
Come and find meJosh Ritter
sorry everyone for the wait!
had a run with time due to other projects...anyways the chills will be released shortly...thanks
'Joan's work puts people in touch with the earth' Dan Fornari, marine geologist
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: A child support/custody case usually begins in the county where the child has lived for the past 6 months.
It's cold as balls outside!
Movie recommendation is Robin Harris in Bebe Kids
Follow MdHS staff: Chief Curator, Alexandoctor Deutsch and Digi Project Coordinator, Jenny Ferretti
oh why thank you ;
We have three options for Detroit fiscal crisis: consent agreement, EM or bankruptcy.
Consent agreement is responsible, realistic solution.
I'm almost certain I'm in love with Jennifer Lawrence.
tweet me please!!
luv u
Thinkin I don't want a phone..
also, there are more metadata fields avail in the copyright  more info tab,  bulk upload too.
I love when people prove me to be right 
Just because ur honest doesn't make u mean.
I am the nicest person in the world BUT I refuse to tell ppl what they WANT to hear.
please follow !!!
nopee I'm supplying the venuee
You're the only one that's ever on my mind.
3
wow sorry we're at capacity tonight....
my doctoram is to become a model:, whats the best advice you can give me?:
the man changed his name to metta world peace...legally...abide by his request..
there's just two bands so I'm not sure how long our set is.
Just come anyway!
You can't spell ELITE without ELI!
I don't do thunder.
Too many crazies!
yep!
Now do like JayZ  Brush Ya Shoulda's Off  Stay one
off to see Espe but in this horrible ass weather.
But still cant wait!!!.Onthatradiomusicsociety :
yes, we know it's snowing.
Let's not obsess,
Because they have faith in themselves it take a believer to make any one else you of ll people should know that
like the music!
do you have a youtube??
If you do not hope, you will not find what is beyond your hopes.
Casting to be announced soon for a new song cycle on October 16th at 7pm!
PSA: Feeling lost, and in despair i know someone who can help.
His name is Jesus.
no love for Chicago?
They certainly get 140 chars or less!
We are having an issue with the video player.
Fixing it now.
Thanks for letting us know!
too bad we the fans can't demand something should change.
76 for 3rd string talent is highway robbery.
Never say you know a man till you have divided an inheritance with him.
MittRomney: how much more time is needed in Afghanistan?
So far it takes 10 years to hand off the country to themselves.
I can't wait to go back to working at Abercrombie.
twitter accounts with pinterest
this homework thing...
its pretty fucked up, if you ask me.
with all the doctorma teens have to go through.
and then they give u homework...?
and we love you too!
Management is not the same as engagement.
Human beings do not engage by being managed.
Tell them to tweet me if their in
thats ok.
just tweet me on bday
After all that time of downloading IOS 5 you must be hungry!
Order online  we will deliver for FREE!
I will be soo sad if the news i am hearing is true  i really hope i see you on nxt season!
To a man with a hammer, everything looks like a nail.
Mark Twain
there are 8 planets in our solar system...
there are more throughout the universe.
thanks for the retweet!
Great mission.
Thanks for the follow.
Objective by the end of the week: Viggle my way to free movie ticket.
No school today!
Tonight at ten!!!
Yay!!!!
RT if you love XOXO
Believe us, you are probably not alone...
first time for me in Berlin was a million years ago, Orwell year, 1984.
I never sought out checkpoint C...
he had a nice assist on that Astros run earlier.
Awesome Bro!!
You'll love it out here :
3wordsforyou I love you
somebody must have finished their homework.
old ass!
:
Thanks for broadcasting our manliness!
They bout to be out RT : Ain't this bout a bitch.
...
13 once again!?
The best thing in dating is to trust your gut!
Women's intuition can be a very powerful thing!
has introduced a CFL with a shatter proof outer shell for consumers concerned about mercury.
LFI2012 Booth 1908
Why must school start next week 
I just signed up today  will I still get the email about the big news?
:
I love
RT : Apparently I should have gone to the box office  ordered tickets in person like a savage from the early 1990s.
ELENA is amazing!
I was so upset Ricky got a bigger applause than her.
Cue a Mav blow up this offseason!
Go Spurs!
Thanks for following back ;
The International Coach Federation is a great resource for business managers and other professorssionals to find career coaches.
my bad
sassy !
NFL soup ..where we all go when we have question on prospect analysis.
Good morning.
Heading in for some quiet work time before the chaos starts, might take Friday off!
What are you up to today?
Whatever it is..
Welcomes our new intern  Zach.
I feel sorry for all the dads out there that have been hoodwinked by chicks claiming their kids are theres and its not smdh
haha maybe next time mate ; xx
let me know if u need me to stop at home depot b4 u come pick me up
but theyre taking a really important nap in the security booth!
u ready for summer of love!
If not get that way!
Ok twitter bye!!
Let me go fuckn study.
Lol.
The Texas QB rotation is asinine.
well mine now is smaller than the pic..
lol so ill get it a lil bigger but still the right size so it looks proportioned lol
I think I might go and get a mani/pedi.
Today I am reminded of the heartbreak of the day that changed my life forever.
Each year it gets easier, but I will never forget.
she doesn't look old!!I think she's in her late 40's!!!
I know girl!!!
I've thought the same thing.
You'll have to come hang with Monica and me when I get back!!
When things CHANGE, I step up to the plate.....
Daddy gonna buy me a frozen strawberry lemonade from McDonalds :D
I tend to agree.
He certainly gets the job done
Great script meeting on my new film Rule Number 7
Back in the house Bout to catch these doctornk Z's
Tiger is playing well!
oh shoot, how about this weekend?
thanks for following me!
Now watch Kemba take 45million doctorbbles.
Oh fo sho, Me 2 green beer and texas hold'em at buffalo wild wings...I dominated of course haha!!
fool you know it...
Yes i just called Austin Mahone a fool :
Success is not measured in material things.
It is measured by the amount of impact u have and ur ability 2 bless others
RapidShare Adopts 'Guilt by Accusation' Approach to Piracy  PC Magazine
the Geocoding engine is decently good  it's just often difficult to match arbitrary inputs to API inputs
Delta Girls!
Be owt doing smthng in honor of 99 yrs of service and our illustrious Founders!
Put those Pearls to Use!
That happens?!
RT : Is anyone else having a problem with cruise lines that poach your clients when they rebook on board?
The Cleveland Cavaliers finally ended the longest losing streak in NBA history with a 126119 overtime victory against the LA Cliipers Fri.
been good, working on this proposal.
Looking for the location first though.
What u been up to?
Watch out for a Shakeytown Radio Minute this week w/ , , 
Follow Back ?
:
You're a bad influence on me mister De Vere I've been on twitter nonstop since you got me on here!!!
Events will take their course, it is no good of being angry at them; he is happiest who wisely turns them to the best account.
Euripides
The year I was born, the first PC virus, Brain, started to spread.
And the top selling movie was Top Gun.
Really glad you like your shirt Steve  glad it got to you quickly.
Congrats on winning this last weekends shirt giveawy !
A1 Agreed  my program's very pro public speaking; sometimes buildings don't speak for themselves!
1010 Locks for only 15!
Best deal of the year!
Get it now!
Save 85!
Swackswagger stole
Niggaz need to do right by they babymama because you do her right she down for you forever
I can't believe I haven't tweeted you til now but YAY!YOURE DATING !!
I are so proud
why do all these porn bots follow me?
All of our placements are a full year.
Those who choose the MBA follow NYC or London with a fulltime semester in Bangkok.
Woot woot!
got her license!
Dolphin bound Saturday night 8
If you ever come for you paycheck you can buy a copy!
Plenty of mktg peeps coming to hear smbmad ford speak 
I cant't get you of out my head!
33
Who the heck is Hacker?
Can't wait to bring my daughter to the today.
Her first time at the Zoo will be memorable!
We need some stops!
Looking forward to experimenting with Pay with
Practicing in Dupont Circle today.
Very lucky to practice next to so many tastey restaurants.
And by it, I mean Hallelujah of course.
Just signed up, I love your recipes!
Getting psyched about my trip to Vegas next week...
Gonna give medsonix a try...
If I get off insulin as a result...
I'm changing careers...
Am I the only one who doesn't think the new FerrisBueller commercial for Honda is any good?
Honda?
WTF?
Why not Ferrari?
thanks much for everything.
Safe travels!
I think its funny how whenever someone's friend faceplants or gets hurt there friend always laughs at them its very odd haha
Mo'd up!
Please follow me My 50 follower will get a 15 dollar itunes gift card and 100 follower a 50
What's happening  McMasters was shared at the last ACRL conference.
Most of us thought controversial indeed!
Major League Baseball cakes might be just the ticket...
Why are dads so hard to shop for?
Magic of Science presented by Daniel Lusk sponsored by The Shelby County Library.
Starts at 11:00am on Monday August 1.
Finally getting to watch Just go with it.
Anything Jennifer Aniston is in is great!
looks like a fire in river parks
The key to a liberated life is the practice of nongrasping and nonrejecting.
TODAY IS THE DAY!
Come out to the Octane Gallery here at the Kustom Thrills shop and support our lovely Katherine Mae tinypic.com/r/vqmt8w/5

I'll be here for the bad jus like I'm here for the good
loved having you this weekend!!
omg way worse than snake!
Finally watching the WestminsterDogShow I dvr'd.
Do you have to wear an ugly, poorly tailored suit and have kankles to show dogs?
Someone told me that, by only having an agent, I wasn't really trying to get published.
Ideas on how to be more proactive?
: We would like to make it OFFICIAL...
We would like to call our fans ICONiacz  u guys cool with that?
brb.
crying.
Without music life would be a mistake.
My heart goes out to those students who lost their lives in New Zealand earlier today.
Such a sad story.
Amazing match..WOW!
RT : Yes, I just screamed and scared my dogs and clapped so hard my hands hurt.
What a fun morning.

But I'm ready to slide.
haha goodshit gotta stay focused...thats one thing we didnt really do.
at least me
Playing it in Madison, WI!
: Don't forget to request my new single..WALKING CONTRADICTION!
Spread the word.
Have a great day!
Thanks to Mayor Bill Cervenik of Euclid for his endorsement.
, , , ,
CHANGE.
YOUR.
PLANS.
;
Life is what you make it.
yes, the most important part of all star weekend!
That way people will remember your name...or you could get better and win a title
heyy, tweet me  message me on this account okay?
cause my other account doesn't allow me to follow other ppl : HAHAH.
Thanks for the shoutout today about our pink promo with the Sports Hub!
welcome to twitter!
Yes!
Communication Problems!
lol...They're all great, but The Builders and Gourmet Night are favs.
haha my love 3 i miss you, we seriously need to hang out..
just got to see another side of Skip.
Understand a little more why he's always wanting to get in someone's ASS on First Take
Wassup, where u been all my life.
Lol.
Morning from Austin!
Great day for Wine with
thanks.
glad you like it.
RT : FF: hottest blonde after Beyonc!
Yes!
I'm LIVING!
thanks for the RT
Check Out D'noche's Daily Offers!
75 All Inclusive Dinner for Two!
hmm well what would you like for me to call you
What gets me are those who take a picture of their fake moustache while their real one is partially showing
woww thanks for ditching the book club you said we could have.
looking forward to it!
Cheers!
morning : or afternoon..
Lol
Patriots 27 Broncos 14 close until the 4th quarter
I've spoken to my banking center manager, and several supervisors via phone.
The answer given was to wait until August.
doctornking and statistics just don't really go together
: Just finished a great custom production session at , artist is ecstatic about the track i made for him on the spot
WEWANTAUSTINMAHONEVERIFIED BECUZ HE IS OBVIOUSLY A RISING STAR IS WHO STEALING GIRLS HEARTS ONE SONG AT A TIME  :
RIP LaDonna Adoctoran Gaines.
You will be missed!
Roadhouse is on!
declares it crap.
I'm stunned  speechless.
I Love You : You sing amazing 3
LOL RT : stop ignoring my request for bloody marys after cardio  core.
it's a legitimate question....
:
I have an ipad AC adapter that needs a home.
In milwaukee area and need one please contact me.
Free to new home.
I think that is most beautiful girl in the world.
I am in love with her..
not JoeThePlumber again!!!
: The average age of both the Clippers roster and the Spurs roster is 27 years old.
Surprised?.
Does not want to go to school!
:/
It's hot as hell in here I done sweated my egdes out lol.
No but seriously it is hot as hell.
This that good ole Houston weather..
Tonight is the first Beer  Code of 2012!
Here at the Substantial HQ from 7pm to 10ish.
Hope to see you then!
yeah it is, obviously I was talking bad about you on here
tonight will go down in history
That there is no possible way to narrow it down.
Green day was great on the music awards as was Black Eyed Peas.
Fergie is great looking in mesh stockings...and she is also a good singer!!
When people show you and tell you, who they really are; look, listen and learn.
I can alway count on to like my pics on Instagram 
haha me too!
One swing baby, one swing.
That awkward moment when your calculator dies during WESTEST.
Thanks to everyone for an amazing night last night in Levittown at St.
Paul's Church!
Ow ears popping on metro
I dunno.
Between the thin air and watching my 'searching' icon spin I might lose my footing before reaching the final camp
SXSW attendees let us know if you need any tshirts printed.
Great way to promote your band, business or cause FREELY.
Hit us!
Visited a church where celebrants kissed the gospels.
The 17th C.
Protestant homunculus in my head started yelling idolatry!
Will this show start already hate being around people  kids school show
Phillip and Jessica..
Uhh I think we all know who's gonna win!
Fixed up my resume just a tad bit..
Looks way better though
Omg...
that bih shaped like a manatee oO
I got an iPad for 120 dollars today, so even if my team loses, I'm still winning.
LOL
really want to see that friggin mouse!
Not even gonna bother paying attention right now.
new website is making huge strides..
should be done by this time next week
hogab half of grapefruit ate bear.
Goodnight.
remember, there is plenty for all!!
i finish the diss track its ready to go out
Coons vs.
O'Donnell...ppl from Delaware should be ashamed of O'Donnell
Nice!!
RT : starting at your fav place and I know he wants a bloody or 4 but the night
your father is so highly respected that even his coaches couldn't tell him the truth about the situation.
He is a man of honor
also, when's the house warming?
RT : Do you like Trivia?
We've got the best kind with comin' at you tomorrow at 9:00 PM.
Be there!
host of Americas got talent
An exspeechwriter.
RT : who wrote that line?
until I started to go out.
It ruined my life!:C
Tonight on ABC5Team coverage of ISU from Cali, plus why hasn't Iowa ever elected a woman as gov.
or to congress
Hello Dolls.
Today is a wonderful day.
Make today your masterpiece : Be Greater
you have to plan for extra innings by sacrificing the present to win games
thx, maybe my expectations are just too high.
Either way
Writing/composing/being creative
Me either..GOOGLE!
What she said!
RT : .
Thanks for compiling and sharing the list!
: IS COMING TO WICHITA?!?
my day just got a whole lot better!!
:
The fool wonders, the wise man asks ..
watching get rich or die tryin' for the second time in less than 24 hours
I wanna shut down the club, with you.
Hey I heard you like the wild ones!
Do Owen and I need to bring you some fresh batteries?
I don't think I can come today....but can I go over tomorrow?
Hah after school?
Partying w/
Head scratcher: What do U say 2 a lady U dont know that is middle eastern  wearing 1 of those head scarf thingys after she sneezes?
Gene Simmons, what a charmer.
That just brings up another point that makes me madder she'll never come to St.Louis because for one this is all
Night Tweeps.
U Ever Go Night Night?
Everybody Go Night Night!
All Day!
By Myself!
1 Bed!
1 Pillow!
1 Duvet Cover!
1 Pajama!
1 Night Light!
iThoughtYouWereCuteUntil you told me how asparagus makes your pee smell funny.
fuck you father.
tonight WAS amazing!
;
lol, this ADHD shit is mad real.
Finna text you back now.
Scrambled soft down not mean when I get to table my eggs are well done failure to the cook
great site, the rey3 design team is looking forward to our professorle on your site...
Busy day in the producer's seat today!!
Welp, gotta go..times ticking!
I don't feel good :/ Im light headed :
ATT stinks.
Lisa Miller, NY Mag summing it up: I want tranquility once in a while.
But I don't want a tranquil life.
hahah im still new to twitter
well in Florida it is insanely hot.
:
either Patrick ewing or Karl malone....
What a great feeling that must be!
Enjoy your extra week.
My brain will be working for the next 43 hours, then off for a while
how much can you bench press?
Kick, push, COAST
It has been a doctoram of mine to poop in a Los Angeles Burgers and Fries, and today it became reality!
Woah wait a minute did they just call a walk on LEBRON JAMES
watching the woman in black!
FRENCHKISSING with the loved one aha.: swag!
The leader never a follower
lol yeah it's a good way to start the day :
I'd be dead for sure.
: I really miss Johnny Carson.
and Carnac says, things you say while watching Jay Leno!
too sweet!
:
When i was younger: i use to pretend i couldnt read things to get classes i thought were cool i can read stuff half a mile away dude XP
dear board of education, we are too
omg olie he was a guy!!
You have to come to ptown with us!!
No, I won't ever be enough
Rigth; yesterday we could not look any further to Randi, , generators w're offline.
This night will see the prog.
amen to that!
or just jeans for me, that would be great!!
Medical Assistant wanted for a Family Practice Clinic.
Long term temporary position must have 2 years of experince.
Call 8813449
Next deal launches today!
Shit waiting for this NBA shit
it's passing now.
dammit.
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who matter dont mind and those who mind dont matter.
Happy Birthday doctor Seuss!
Once the woman is able to attain orgasm alone, her partner is usually included in the sessions in order to desensitize her ...
I want to be just like you.
How can I get on your team?
Missed it.
What were they really showing?
so is FourSquare actually working Madison yet or are folks just hacking it based on the new ability to add locations?
Madison eats agenda: UW Alumni Weekend, Ultimate Ice Cream Social, Flavors of ...
Isthmus
It's awesome!
It's not till June 6th but we are psyched to say that got us a killer show w/ and in Allston Mass!
I'm just waiting on to respond to that one.
Excited to podcast on healing arts in cultural organizing w/ today.
Love to all Zilphia family: past, present, future!
Congrats on your 10,000th follower!
You should go over 100k followers within 12 months of whenwillitend Sick human you are!
you should tweet out this fruit cake GT: SmokinBullets0 his class: silenced rsass blind eye, assassin, dead silence proned out
RT : sad im missing tonight :
The rock!!
Two VIP tickets to raffle off for the release party THIS Sunday 15pm
0 patience for the kiddie tweets.
Be gone
That's what they were using or that's the new one?
S/O to Madd Hatta this his jam
morning all well we have some sad news for our fans out in spartensburg sc ....the april 2nd show has been cancelled at groundzero
Final push for SEVEN DAYS IN UTOPIA.
doctorpping the last of visual effects, in the DI and final mix as we speak.
Friday!
Make it a healthy day everyone.
Daily GTKY question: If you had to change your first name, what would you change it to?
Dear everyone not at the Conservatory right now, YOU LOSE!!!!!!
omg show week
When I'm with you Best Coast
I can already tell it's going to be a horrible day :/
Going to check out a bunch of records today
Haha me and my friend arianna are fighting over who gets to have one direction
you were missed, but hope to see you soon !
Joey
Party going on in the apartment above ours.
Can't blame them for wanting to have a good time.
I'm the lame one lol.
Oh.
I see you following me like you want some ;
seriously, hi, after all I typed, you say HI!
lol jk!
I see you like Prodigy!
XD I like Ray Ray and Roc!
Thanks, Ashley!
And I am so excited to see the pie book!
It looks beautiful.
xo
OMG doctorving with an angry hornet in your car is SO SCARY
I had a problem today, and listen, according to a person if you break a plate, we are animals, so if the world would be lost: 
She's A Liar So I Can't Trust Her Ever Again !!
But Should I Forgive Her ?
Even Though I Got Played For More Than 8 Months !!??!!
thanks sweet face.
:
TebowGotTradedFor store brand Fruit Loops and a Wal Mart discount card
yeah i know
i saw her in the katy perry video.
shes a cute gurl.
but she just needs 2 b a teen right now
welcome to the land of little blue check marks :
jus look at it as u were preparing yourself for a rootintootin weekend cuz
Now I'm really homesick.
And teary.
I could be uncle Joey.
Excellent.
Sounds like it could go with a lot of different stuff.
Gotta try that.
If your single n u know clap yur hands
needs to hit me up!
Happy Birthday kitty!
We are both Libras too!
Not happy..
So its up to me what im going to do next
Mase had the coolest flow!!!
Love old Mase!!
so stoked to show you guys this design im working on for !
its the first band design ive made and its turning out pretty awesome!
Dope concert
I crack myself up.
I knew OKC was a basketball team.
FunniestThingIHeardToday You seem very structured ...cause I am a complete mess.
Terrance J made a great point!
Gary Thome  Gen8 is first step on the journey.
talking about project Voyager
here i come.
So excited to attend.
what are you trying to say?
On my way to make a new song in the studio ya!
Since tonight's game is a closeout for both teams, does that mean it will be easy to win for both sides?
PARADOX PARADOX
MAROON 5 Misery playing at the mall
seriously.
Have I scarred you from RTD for life?!?
haha we're doctorving.
only way to bring all the overpacked items we want...
;
is so blessed to have all the helping hands today!
Thanks !!
he got major dermabrasion since he moved to San Diego
hello darling!!!!
How are you?
How are things?
Xoxoxo
register for.PreValentine Speed Dating Event only pay 15..www.tristatespeeddating.com
is enough for a lifetime, but a lifetime is not enough for music.
Sergei Rachmaninoff
Woohoo kicked this colds ass!
I credit it all to superfood and airborn.
Busy week too so it's a damned good ting man.
When is the next Haley's comet, I wanna make sure I don't miss that too.
: Albert Pujols in a home run trot.
Who knew?
I'm good to wish it was summer tho : what have u been up to anything new?
the next achievement to unlock is 80:08
My guy friends steal my iPod and take pictures of their crotch.
Not the actual thing, but of the outside of their pants.
FUCK THE POLICE
GayKidIssues Not being able to do the musical because you have to watch your little brother
Brrrrr, a pot of Jade Cloud with a bowl of Creamy Curry Carrot soup and a Grilled Veggie sandwich would hit the spot for lunch.
My mom's want list for Mother's Day: to go to open houses with me and poking around all day.
Done and done!
birthday invites are the most prolific pieces of literature of our generation.
: Stop hiding ur light to make others feel comfortable, instead SHINE so they can be INSPIRED!!
skyping with spencer and can hear his sister and her friend raping each other
At mobile revolution and scientific publishing.
miss my baby
does she speak it in the middle of debates?
2 MINUTES TILL YOUR BDYYYYYY IN EAST COAST
Already got mad work to do for school n today was day one..
So much for enjoying summer
Mick Jagger ?
At least a foot long !
WebGreekTip  Getting ready for finals?
Upload class notes  study guides to your chapter cloud so you can access them anywhere!
Believing is one thing..
Beliebing is another 3 I made it up :
have a great day!
I make a monthly donation to Kickstarter, once a month an indie game dev wins the great Melanie Stegman 25 award
Shit this shit is crazy bitch ass players like Vincent Jackson damn I understand u want ur money but damn wat about the fans
Coco did that last weekend for you : I'll be home tomorrow so he'll be fine 3
Proud of QLD this morning.
Another step closer to equality for all Australians.
Now it's up to this weekend.
Aww.
I love that site!
I fear my cats may work together  smother me in my sleep if i buy them wigs...
Happy Mother's Day : TurnToYou 
Buy energy saving or energy efficient appliances.
Quite a bit expensive but in the long run, it saves you energy cost.
that's right baby girl!!!
How about that comeback by Man City?!?
Gud morning dolls:
I will def try my best!
R.I.P Junior Seau
I watched it twice already3
The only person i know i can trust with anything, never let it slip, will always come through, has never wronged me before..
Lions, Tigers, and lemurs...oh my!!
:
so many nice young point guards
what time do we leave that day?
This is no April Fool's joke!
is having a fundoctoriser for HIBF2012!
Your presence will be appreciated!
5pm till close!
when you have something good hold on to it
It's cold as balls this morning.
I got that working Monday night!!
Kinda
If you a true weed smoker then 4/20 is just another day
Major donors have likely already found you.
It's a question of identifying themincluding passion, involvement and resources.
The list goes on...
That or Rails.
Still trying to decide, but I have my frontend compatible for both.
;
Wen im sad i try to look at things that make me smile and that's y I always lookbat 1D pics cuz w.e they do they never fail to make me smile
junior english 
FUCK.YES.
ONE WEE
Thanks for calling into the show!
, you missed RT Srsly lunch w is better than a day at the beach
I asked him if I should just move on  all he put was idk
Definitely looking forward to the Sugar Shack for a taste of at the 2012!
Breaking: Eleventy billion votes for Kloppenburg found in Dane County.
I talked to Javier the other day, has he gotten bigger?
Cuttin up on everyone in English class tho
Cleats tonight for wings and Tribe??
They just a couple cows, so she's like the house cow now.
Probably walks around on all fours saying mo.
sometimes i feel like there's an alternate universe where we made a valentine's day video and then had no idea what to do with it
Don't miss out!
Visit the Hirshberg Training Team booth716 at the LAMarathon Expo  receive a FREE massage from !!!
enough junk food already!!
just a heads up the Vols are gonna be back this year
yeah me too.
Am I paying for this?
My agent: Is there nothing you can't do?
Me: Brain surgery.
Not yet at least.
Newborns and sleeping at night.
Oil and water.
Idk why but it's nine something and I'm tired Wtf?
Sipping on this wine, feeling lovely !wesweetlikeKandiwe
Wow that is so long, i would love to model one day soon.
yayaya please follow
i love you!!!
I think he plays Thurs.
and Sun.
let me know if you're going and I'll come hang out.
Am having a party this week everbody rides free this sunday on the party bus .party at the beach house call ?7862231654 if u want to go
LABOR day sale!
Use coupon code labor to save 30 off your HCG at www.lasvegashcg.com Lose 20lbs in 20 days!
I didn't think it completely sucked
Tamale kitchen is way legit.
Ugh IDK!
Between packing  selling furniture  vet appointments  work I'm pretty slammed this week : I'll let you know tho!
I did??
I'm getting spammed too !!!
Lol
It's raining...
Too tiredd goin to sleep night guys x
He's missing something...a lacrosse stick Ha!
I swear, I love you but sometimes you doctorve me insane.
Forgot to buy tickets for tonight and now I hate myself.
doctorwning my sorrows in tostadas.
not much just been going to training
Timbers Army are showing SportingKC a great time in Portland!
When I was little I used to stare at things and try to use super powers to make them move because I wanted to be like Matilda.
Cheer up, the worst is yet to come.
Thanks for the retweet Fauzan!
Charlie Z
Try to coin a word for that not yet known MC.The Japanese have Koi No Yokan, feeling on seeing someone new that something will happen
Reggie Bibby is a scrub the HEAT got this
Will be interesting to see if Apple's new retail boss will be the right cultural fit.
What do you think?
kisses love you!!!
You aren't winning any Championships anytime soon.
Also, there's no crying in basketball!!
Up early!
Competition today 
Thanks to and their Sports Medicine Team for taking care of our cowboys!
Don't judge someone over anything.
Sometimes; you only see what they want you to see.
Looking forward to seeing all the Badgers fans at the Kohl Center on Friday!
Men's basketball plays at 4:30pm and the women play at 7:30pm!
Watching Supernatural :
Popcorn should be advertised with the message: Pop Responsibly.
The long lasting smell of burnt popcorn is unpleasant to the nose!
I saw that video!
This just feeds the Everyone in WI is overweight stereotype.
Thank you, Slacker Radio for OneHit Wonders.
Nothing like Deeper Shade of Soul to perk up my day and make me feel old!
Had a doctoram that I was hanging with Aziz Ansari.
I was wearing my Mis Sigs jersey and a Mis Sigs hat at the same time.
I would never do that
I'm not, we're so cool ...
but my wife is watching it in the other room.
hahaha!
i love it
That would be wonderful!
Thank you so much, please do email me looking forward to learning moreDi
Knew I should've brought some bottle rockets!
So far multiple air horns, some whistles, and even a cow bell at NDSU Graduation.
Its t late to apologizee its just to late.
but it is affecting Randy Cross.
she has 800 repins so she must have a sense of self  a friend about Pinterest
At my aunt Kristas at a bbq
Wishing all of our Moms a wonderful day!
This is a man's world, but, it wouldn't be nothing, nothing without a woman or a girl.
JB
i love gummy bears
I'm a Sixers fan and couldn't be more bummed out about the Derrick Rose injury.
Too good a guy.
East needs an asterisk now.
eek i'll text you bout it
that's some serious jinxitude you got there.
A little Wednesday wisdom: Worry is imagination misplaced.
Frustration, complication, and misery are available in abundance, but so is God's grace.
A life without cause is a life without effect
Mental Management website and email is temporarily down, call 9728999640 to order products, set up training or ask questions.
: You should never trust someone again after they've betrayed your trust.
What makes you think they'll change?!

Thanks Kate for the follow.
Sorry I missed you  140cuse.
It was spectacular.
Yeah but fizzy water gives me the sexy belches.
:
I've gotten two happy valentine's day tweets but I am waiting for that one person's lt;3
and have the BEST friendship ever!
I wish i had a friendship as great as theirs!3
Zombie Rights Watch, People for the Ethical Treatment of Zombies.
Would rise up to defend zombies!
mornin u...
U don't fuck wit me no more?
i had one yesterday
If you want to see how to get your best three point shooters clean looks watch a Billy Donovan coached game.
The same way you would achieve athletic goals.
Carefully planned, focused practice.
Three hour.20's in a row
lucchese boots on sale on line or in store,,,call for prices,5616847331
for got to ask you  what program did you use for your awesome presentation last night?
bestbritishbands gotta go with BB Mack
Just added to this Saturday's event: live holiday music from Carmel HS student musicians!
Come see them between 12pm2pm this Saturday!
Ahh!
Coffee date perhaps while you're here?!
Success requires that you protect your emotional and intellectual immune system with positive thoughts, people, input and activities.
one day i shall write a book on lazy marketing called: An Asterisk That Leads to Nowhere.
Good Morning happy monday
Just woke up tired but I'm up GM twitter ppl !!!!!!
Talking 'bout sum bad giirls
...let's see...old enough to know better, young enough not to care...
LOL!
lol it's the same pics
i was the one that did that photo cus he told me too!!!
What is your favorite apartment community in Austin?
Bruins behind at the end of the first...again.
Bad trend, need to put the puck in the net!
Better energy, but need more from the big guys.
It's awesome.
Her vibe is like a cross between The Neverending Story, Audoctory Hepburn, and a Sleigh Bells album.
Right on!
Nice.
RT : The new World Trade Center measuring 1,776 ft.
DAMN boy get on twitter more!!!!!
Lol
Can anyone help?
RT : Any local beer dist/brewery looking to help sponsor our beer garden?
Please contact us!
: I need to so some yoga or somethin...
Get my flexibility back sounds like a plan ;
true but didn't she start crap with Kim saying she was on crack if you don't know someone u don't say stuff like that about them
We'll be glad to see you there.
Ty Stewart: Major headlines from this summer's WSOP will be 200 million total prize pool and the 1M buyin  15M firstplace prize.
just trying to get on your level brother.
Vacationing this summer?
Follow they have some great reviews of places to go.
anyone else feel more like this announcement is just late?
Caring for a service animal can be  costly.
New CRTASA Working Animal Health Insurance Plan now available regardless of age, breed, etc.
I was sweating it out during the 1pm games.
I guess I have the Raiders secondary to thank!!
I got a full tank of gas for being such a good big brother!
Cant wait to see a legend tonight is gonna murder..
Junior Seau dead...
NFL lost one of the best linebackers ever to play the game
PLEASE!!!!
Come back to Austin soon!
I wasn't able to see you perform :
GM!
Lofpre  will be accepting music submissions of all genres for The Shuffled Hustle II by soundtrack, get ready.
ANOTHER Great deal at GLOBAL ELEMENTS!100 Business Cards only 19.99 plus tax!Call today to take full advantage of this 7205426105!
oh.
Like those big subway posters.
Those are massive.
A typical lovely Sunday.
Happy Mother's Day to all you moms out there.
Starting school at on Wednesday!
I hardly believe it.
Smiling in my face but sneaking dissing behind my back..
Hey ,how come tweetcaster shows tweets from 2 days ago when I start app?
Tweetmarker not working.
Also 2 many force closes.
passed my CDL test today!
I hope that our President's eyes open to the true colors of the Republicans and he kicks their asses.
Standoff in Edina over.
Mpls Police decide to leave the man alone in his home.
He hasn't broken laws, says police.
We'll leave him alone
Blazers WIN!
Final score 9993 over Hornets
Earphones are uncomfortable af

even the most extended pascals I recall only had downward functions, and they had to be named.
To what are you referring?

RT : Who deserves a deal??
tweet us names
Yes I get to see sexy hair and ass next week!
Save The Big Money Talkn For The Megaphone....
Quiet Down A Bit Bruh...
okay good!!!
Falling in love with a hammer doctorll?
That's a bit....disturbing.
LCPS Bookinaday is progressing really well, the talented modern mind of our youth is really showing today!
This will be a really sick book!
Shit, wait till you see the tricks I pull out of my sleeve.
I aint even trying yet.
No Brunch here today but don't be disappointed we will still have the Classic Club!
Enjoy your ML King day the way he would want us to!
Love it!
Check out for more specific slpeeps needs, too!
:
Hi,M.Shonibare!I am using ur work in my postcolonial course would like 2 ask u ?'s textiles etc.
Oh god.
I got the free chapter of your story!
It was Ch.14.
I didn't read the beginning...
But..
Will You ever come to san diego california AskAlexConstancio P.S Love You.
That'd be the one...
My nose hurts
STEVE:D
Sorry got it mixed up: details page has follow links, object page has nofollow; details page has PR to give
: so you better wear it
Joe Jonas plays while talking about New York and then Demi Comes on.
IT'S A SIGN FROM THE UNIVERSE
Is it possible to beat any NES game without Game Genie?
Shout out video??????
3 WAAAAANAAAAA BE IN IT 3?
I can't wait!
My 13yearold son is excited about it too.
isn't it Chris Waddle who says that?
I was the closest!
Headline tomorrow: KOTSAY IT AIN'T SO
Game times, stations set for Sweet 16: Wisconsin faces Syracuse Thursday 6:15PM on !!
MarquetteFlorida Thursday about 9:17PM on TBS
Mexican Immigration Boom Is Over
Often the hands will solve a mystery that the intellect has struggled with in vain
Morning, Twiggas.
How y'all doin, y'all good?
Students, teachers, staff get together and have a wonderful time.
on Saturday May 12,
I love that early Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
episode of The Big Bang Theory where Leonard, Penny and Sheldon keep saying hi!
Funnist shit ever just happened in the hall!
Thanks chica!
And you're very welcome!
: RT : Love 's recap of the Topshop event hosted by ...
It's time to start living the life you've imagined.
Henry James
thanks y'all!
I'm so thrilled to be a part!
sweet sounds good punkk :
Regardless, Starbucks/Theo story is dumb.
I'm sure you can find at least 100 mildmannered yuppies in Chgo that look like Theo
Watching Adele clean up tonight gives music hope.
You don't need to doctorss crazy and have ridiculous hair to make an impact.
Looks great!
Building is such a crazy but fulfilling journey!

will 1 of you plsplsplsplsplsplsplsplsplspls follow me pls i hav asked so many times:'
I'd be damned If ima argue over some dick , I ain't even fuckin .
Str8LIKEDAT .
Fasho
Little Big Man
WOW.
breed her and gimme a free pup!
if you like our FB page i will buy you a beer...
Transporting wounded Civil War soldiers by train involved straw bedding on bunks in boxcars.
Yikes.
Who wants to hang out and misuse the word synergy?
wakes up, stretches like a cat never enough sleep, sighs, rolls out of bed
Merry Christmas from all of us at Altitude!
Just found a Sony a Nex3 Camera at FRY's for 299.
These are selling for 450 on eBay!
Thats a 150 professort before eBay fees!
If you've never heard or seen me cry, you're not close enough to me.
If you want to hear or see me cry, you're a bad person.
doctorpping my phone on my face 
No problem, it was an interesting post and I hadn't heard abt that study previously.
thanks for the shout out
Your doctorss is so pretty!!
You're amazing  I'm happy you won the AMA :
Just bet Mavs to win it all at 16/1.
I might be a fish but I think thats an insanely good bet with 8 teams left.
Mavs have a sick sick team
Good Morning Beautiful People!
thanks, Jess!
Very happy.
xo
Apologies for the delay  we are making big improvements to Recurly.js.
Just sent you an update, thanks for your patience!
wow!
He really is a combo of you and Jeremy!
E will be 5 and A will be 3!
Time moves too fast!
doctorgon Quest IX only sold 2.3 mil copies in 2 days in Japan.
Lol I Hope Yhu Played My Tracks
BALL TELLS THE TRUTH REF...unbelievable bad call...
Starting next week I only have 21 days left of my freshman year..never believed in time passing me by until now.
Another new project signed, sealed and delivered!
We've said it before, BUT if you're underage and follow us, we'll block your ass.
21 and up puhleaze!
Some peeps just never grow up.
They tend 2 do things like before, but it's time 2 step up 2 the plate  accept the responsibilities in life
dude.
Twas very refreshing.
So nice to be surrounded by greatness.
I have THE best people in my life.
Thanks for being one.
take on Texas Southern University tonight at 6:30 PM at Patriot Field!
Come out and support your baseball team!
They are trying to generate Revenue :P
Thanks for the retweets today!
Showering without a shower curtain is kinda hard
Hamburger helper tonight I think so
Thanks guys!
How are your rehearsals going for Romeo  Juliet?
You open on the 14th!
Wonderful thoughts on beyond the textbook...love the techbookidea.
It is what I want too!
My plan is set.
RT : RT : Design of Green Passive Solar Home focuses on increasing efficiency of resource use energy..http......
Going to the tanning booth while LIVING on the beach.
Really?
GymTanningLaundoctor
: Slimmer cuts are dominating the Oscar tuxes tonight.
Christian Bale's tux is razor sharp!
JM
u smilin when u took an L...to the Pacers...IN MIAMI
Lewis is not even sweating.
Wow.
Junk junk and more.
Junk.
texasrangers fooling
Look in the dictionary under the word giddy and you will find a picture of THIS GIRL
Twisted ankle, earache, dust in the eyes.
School carnival, we will survive you.
If your college is easier than your high school...
there is something wrong......
I can't even imagine...Isn't it winter from like October to May up there?
One snowfall a year is good for me!
I luv u Scruffy : just thought I'd let u know 3
I tried.
They don't work...
I'll figure it out I'm sure
Welcoming new folks;
Damm lost all my contacts since I fixed my phone yesterday...
NBA TV
yes he is!
thanks for the follow
GO CATS!
I want to dye my hair a light brown color, almost like blonde.
Should I guys?
Bella I love you.
you are such a great soul and a awesome actress.Love ya3
haha!
Thanks, I'm honored!
TO ALL MUSICIANS:We all Cook w/the same 12 notes.Thanx 4 listenig to my Recepi!
Lets Blues out: ranked 3 on www.reverbnation.com/rufar0
Has anybody heard of a good spot to find cheap groceries in the Gold Coast?
I always stress about at the end of the school year too much .
..
Watching desperate housewives I love this show
pryor burns uo early, but limping noticeably
love you're animations really funny and creative, keep up the good work, peace 
moverslongisland ready to move!
70/h for two men including any size vehicle!
get the best experience with Movers Long Island!
hahaha tells the best stories ever
You love Greeks and you love cheeseburgers.
Well, we've put them together and have 5 Greek Cheeseburgers until 4pm today!
replacebandnameswithboobs Five Finger Boob Punch
Collaboration and innovation led by consumers leads to word of mouth and increase in professorts.
tells me there is a Free dance party tonight 11pm  LpHarmony 683 Grand
Lol Did Wade just throw Mike Bibby shoe?
I miss you Dani!
xoxo
I needed that hit when the bases were loaded
it was so tasty!
woo!!!
Felton Hunnies for life yo!
that's just how we roll ;
Busted the 560 after 5betting shoving ATo sb vs competent cutoff showed up to tourney 3hrs late and first orbit
oh well..
we made up for it later.
do you think that girls like to cheat like guys do?
rush of fools , you have my heart and all the rest .
let's go Heat u can win this.
Watching last year's Redskin game and I'M PISSED!
I believe that once Michelle Williams plays Marilyn Manson in a movie, she will win the Oscar.
Look me in my eyes and try to feel my pain, do you know how it feels to be left out in the rain Each and every day theres someone judging me
ha think that's his usual seat??
oh perfeeeerct I'll definitely be free
that's a good way to go out
Hypotenuse is not in my phones spellcheck
Teal's strength is running forward right past people.
Why wouldn't you keep him wide to do just that?
CJ can hold it up and play teal in...
hmm.
Find me 12 cool spots and I COULD be convinced ; maybe it needs to be gulf coast ..now that could work.
still sick and not hungry...
at least by the time I recover I'll be 10lb lighter
No Britt, just showing my inner redneck!
: You should try it sometime, very fulfilling.
YAY!
JMF's website is back up.
The gremlins have been defeated.
Victory is ours!
Ive heard great things about the doctorid!
I wish it would snow here/3
Sitting in the hair and makeup room listening to 'Give It Up' by the Victorious
hope you find it : are u on vacation?
First week of class my mornings began with cereal, now the last is starting with a good pair of eggo waffles.
New for 2012!
FireHouseCustomZ!
Your complete car service center  classic car restoration facility!
From orig.
to radical custom!
mad that I only see my dad for 3 hours every other Saturday, IF that..
Lavar ass stay making beats in class
guess we couldn't catch you  no idea where to find you
Thanks, Matt!
All of us at TODO Austin are super excited about the new website.
Beautiful article!
Why did we start sneering at simple joy  kindness?
If I had any nonspam followers, I'd RT this to all
My MN house and senate reps are both DFL.
Should I not bother emailing them about support for the new stadium?
In the back, come on by!
OMG jealous over here.
Also, very good!
I know I've spent the whole day in front of a screen when my eyes feel like they will fall out of my head.
Today is one of those days.
The food channel has great recipes for delicious and easy meals.
TUNE IN TO THESE FINE CHEFS alton brown
you're a little bitch.
I just disrespected you, does that mean we fight now?
r u watchin an encore ...
lol !
Thanks for a lovely evening  for the great audience for my laryngitis ridden Mary McCarthy talk.
And thanks Ricola throat lozenges.
Traffic was light this morning Hopefully is not so bad now..
UPDATE: Asian Shares Mostly Down On Renewed Europe Woes; Tokyo Hit Hard  Wall Street Journal
follow this girl  belieberhelpbelieber right?
: 6
nice view!
Please RT if you have received poor customer service from a telecoms provider..
To experience excellent customer service, Give us a call !
bill withers, Use Me
WAY like!
What I think can't be true.
It's all in my head.
Make believe.
I need to know
14.32, Mats for 107, they also have 3m vinyl for the top
la migra hide me
thanks for the follow.
Let me know how I can build a relationship with you.
Here's what I do: putitinprint.com.
Wow!!!!!
Surreal.
Back in NYC for first time in 4 months!!!
It was a very fun evening working with a tight film crew at undisclosed restaurant in DC.
Only 9 seats left  we are at 90 people  our biggest night yet!!!
why you gotta use that word?
Don't be a retard.
Glad you enjoyed!
Thanks for the recommendation, !
was wondering same thing
glad I could give you a good workout.
That new girl that was here, the young one, basically told me it wasn't very hard.
Revenge...
School board candidate Bill Ponder: Why wait unti the numbers come out to talk to bargaining units?
but I'm sure you love them
Go eat there right now!
Love the deviled eggs and the bacon flight, especially.
you have been the most amazing and inspirational star I have ever seen you do an amazing job and are a true role model for kids
Good morning world
Ha ha!!
Aubrey's picked last.
your ankle is swollen too?:p
You got me poppin champagne!
true story
happy thursday peeps wake up and lets do this!
Brunswick Stew
ABX Cakes are great alone or even with a Breakfast BLT!
yeah!
i'd heard a lot about it from friends for weeks.
so good!
She said she wanna be a dentist really bad.
Bruno Mars should've won the award for best record of the year.
I love adele but bruno mars deserves it too.
I LOVE BRUNO MARS!!
Looking for lead time?
As fast as we can setprint, box and ship.
If it's possible, we get it done!
What did YOU think of the Prez's SOTU speech last night?
So thankful for all these gigs.
I love being a DJ!
Yeah us too.
haha well you're doing good!!
Did you get the feedback I emailed you on Thursday?
oh I know Milly...
Hahaha..
Sorry unread the wrong words...
Damn whats goin on with me today?!
That just shows how pathetic the NBA is.
Oh now we have a delayed Flight from Washington DC ...
This has got to Be a joke
The content on our twitter is because we're stoked that they've created a way to measure your influence across all of social media.
on 's imdb, under trivia, they spelled 's name wrong..giorgia, not georgia..imdb, do your research.
Don't blame Carter for getting teammates to protect him against Romanowski and other like players who verbally lashed out to hurt him.
good point......Um...were fucked
When I think of rigor, I think of mortis.
When I think of learning, I prefer to think of vigor rather than rigor.
who in they right mind gone wear they louboutins just to walk around downtown on concrete!!!?
take care of ya heels PLEASE!
I want a chick wit big ass  tits/that makes my toez curl when she gobble dick!
Sweet.
The Blue Jays went back to their old uniform.
Dean Rick Cartwright will be on at 12:30.
Turn your radio to 89.1  hear about the new Performing Arts Center!
Jack L compares the time after Walt's passing to Apple and Steve Jobs.
One man being the face of a company breeds reluctance.
I just remembered I had a doctoram last night where I got shot in the stomach..
NY tonight m8 to help my rents with some stuff, but ONTARIO TOMORROW!
If you are traveling and you have allergies, bring your own dustmite pillow covers to use at your hotel.
How does a vagina look before sex?
Like a lovely pink rose!
And after sex?
Ever seen a Bulldog eating Mayonaise?
What happened to the good weather??
: typical Chicago summer...
it was me I sent them the dm an they wrote it but now I'm twllin u I a crush on u it was me
that doesn't surprise me
Did you know that FITzee is now available for office vendingmachines?
Get in touch to start a healthy revolution in YOUR workplace.
how do i know wat
The letter 'u' is now trending worldwide
Every choice we make leads somewhere.
That is our responsibility to care about.
haha well I know I promised you a lot of things and I will but when I finish my Director career :P lol I'll get you it :
Merry Christmas to all
indiana stucco contractors, stucco contractors indiana, stucco companies indiana indiana stucco repair, indiana stucco, stucco indiana
thank you cullen
MORGAN SHUT THE FUCK UP!
I love my group of friends!!!
Can't help but see snot in that hashtag.
Thanks for the link!
Belatedly began CodeYear from Seeing a blackjack program downstream brings me back to mister McWerter's C class at SSHS in 1997.
IHateToBreakItToYou but you're not the center of the universe!
I am!
When you tell me that, it's like a big Fuck You to my face.
I love how excited my math teacher gets over Pi Day, The Ides of March, and math in general.
Wish I coud say the same...
Thanks Todd!
Hope you've been well, amigo.
How did my twitcon turn sideways, this is stupid.
I am too lazy to fix it though.
Webcast your event with us.
Here is a sample of our work.
www.lachamber.com/accesslacityhall
You're just one smart ass son of a bitch.
Shut your pie hole.
Old lady talking to her grandson next to me
Just saw this  Thanks!
Cheesehead creator Ralph Bruno joins us live at 8:45 this morning
99 sure I just saw Andoctorw garfield on his way into a midnight showing of hunger games
doctoram it, believe it, work it, achieve it
The best place to store a Firehook baguette is in your stomach.
We recommend you eat your baguette the day you buy it.
I dunno :/ you'll have to ask her yourself cause she tells me nothing :/ but she's going to make one : 3
I will though!
Looking to serve your community and/or the Arts.
Support the Rivoli theatre with your time and energy!
www.rivolitheatre.org/support
Gogo godfather gone, but never forgotten, as long as we keep the rhythm.
Halloween is coming up real soon!
What are your plans?
Join and LIVE on thepraisableshow talking music, dance  testimony: Join the conversation:...
the longtime organizer of this conference.
Who wants to play Sex dice with the boys and I in Seattle?
It's gonna be great.
;
Might be more adoptable, and a closer image of his namesake, if you would paint a pink streak down his back...Cute as is, though
been tweetin me but with the wrong twitter name this whole time lol
hey, be quiet.
In Rick Santorum's fictional reactionary America, women are not aloud to tweet about politics...
Or vote.
Sorry for the slow week on the blog.
We should be back in action next week.
I would like to see more positive news updates about occupy.
Ok?
same except for recording next month.
good to here all is well!
sj
Girl if you order this we can get the two for one special
Oh, my friend, it's not what they take away from you that counts  it's what you do with what you have left.
my lil girl just eat a whole bag of mm oh shit now she fin to be going all day
alright!
Direct message us so we can figure out how to get you one!
i know you're a yoga goddess but playing jazz stretches my brain does that count??
WhitePeopleGoogleSearches Who is Lil Wayne and what is he known for
Good Luck in the playoffs!
Then I have another bruise on my shoulder from playing hockey yesterday.
Awesome.
Summer Paradise With You..3
she deleted it..
My roommate is currently using a blow torch in the living room .
.
.
Stay tuned to see if we blow up.
Tell me, idk
A silent world would be a tragedy for those with working ears.
mister Mature, i don't really understand a shit.
Childish
Yes!
TheMatrix is on!
Its National Tourism Day.
Get out and support your local communities by taking a tour in your hometown today.
Communication is everything.
In hockey, in theatre, in life!
:
I work hard  get no sleep...
I smoke loud on the low key...
Yo English teacher be on me, but in public she do not know me Lol
well thank youu.
.
is slowly becoming my new favorite time sink.
Both bosses are out today, leaving their offices empty.
Nap time?
where was my invite?
:
Raul Labrador has officially filed for candidacy in Idaho's 1st Congressional District.
Breath is the bridge which connects life to consciousness, which unites your body to your thoughts.
I imagine going to the Western  Flower bus stop is like going to a really crowded party where no one talks to each other
Alex  Tyler are so funny :
Come to in new world stages!
Our show starts any minute!!
Making more money than I can spend, since I've already cashed out 296,097 in Saints Row: The Third.
yay almost the weekend!!
my house is ready for you lil mama 
Jess Tapia, producer of the MXpresidentialDebate said he picked Julia Orayen cause she's short an cute, but didn't check her risk doctorss
Did you know....Orange Leaf Clarksville has free WiFi.
Come try it out!!!
Dis is a hell of a tight game
Tried not to in that tweet : Just don't read my replies to others!
Yeah !
Eminem is King Of Hip Hop no Doubt !
Looked at my speedometer today and noticed I was going 90.
Smh why did he grab hill by the waist?!
Smh 2.2 sec ;
why don't u cast a new name oh say.....
this guy
I agree with him about that one, I cannot wait to get this season started
Apparently I'm the paris hilton of miami springs lmaaaao.
Cajuns win 51 over North Texas to advance to the SBCSB Championship final to face South Alabama tomorrow.
Game at 4 pm ET on SBC Network.
Me too!
We should catch up.
Hidden Life Force: An Interview With LHF  The Quietus
Annapolis represent...
Prince George St alum, here.
I see that becoming a photographer now lol
Just experienced in my living room AND on TV!
Two places at once?
It can only be the Maced God.
model act host 
Awhh: you guys are so cute4
10 year olds have a Blackberry, an iPad, a laptop and Facbeook?
When I was 10, I felt cool with my new markers.
i am here
Paul Cameron's comments against gays aren't just dishonorable, they are hurtful to the lgbt youth who committed suicide
Looking forward to the collab with :
Money talks real loud, bullshit whispers.
Keep your friends close and enemies closer.
Problem is, nowadays it's hard to tell them apart
Sport the olde english D
Super awesome music news happening soon more details to come!
It is a daily ritual that I lift my arm up and and question did I put deodorant on today?
right around this approximate time...
and have now befriended.
Why do we love wood floors?
Health is one reason!
Wood floors help maintain indoor air quality  get you one step closer to a healthy home!
3333  icon : 8 U seem like a cool person to talk to so we should talk :
Happy Friday all!
How is everyone?
So sad to hear that.
I grew up watching him.
our bromance yalls romance
Yes!
Theaters sell glutenfree brownies.
221 dayz til graduation and out this piece!
Yes!
Also, holy crap that last episode of Korra had the best bending fights yet.
Can't wait for next weeks.
OMFG.
is following me and has been since last year.
and NOW I NOTICED!?
ah..
iLoveMyLiife3
you may call me psanderette because I am proud to be a psanderette!!
Its the best thing in the world!
3
RT : There is no bubble for election coverage anymore.
smwcampaign  at least not for reporters, from physical to digital walls
Sales are contingent upon the attitude of the salesperson  not the attitude of the prospect.
W.
Clement Stone
Jessica Alba's Bobby Pinned Updo at the Rodeo doctorve Holiday Lighting Ceremony  StyleBistro StyleBistro Jessica Alba 's Bobby Pinned Updo
Miss Brittany Murphy movies..
Yes, thank for your info a million!
Ought to find anybody organizing Tea Party.
I would like to participate in organizing.
Doctors Dave saw for crushed leg sound more like farm animal vetrenarians.
Connie doctorps hints about potential necrosis, second opinions.
hey why r u mad at me
You're pretty but when you speak no one wants to listen because all we hear is ugliness.

You realize how bad your arm hurts doing that after awhile??
ow!
THANKS for the kind words about our IA service!!
KEEP WELL and all the GOOD!!!
all my best crew!!!
: J
Baylor's Kim Mulkey on her recent diagnosis of Bells Palsy: As far as the distortion of the face..
hell I'm just another ugly coach.
Did you happen did get a bus number on that particular bus?
We'd like to let the garage know.Thanks!
RT : 380:Music legend Gram Parsons was born in Winter Haven, Florida in 1946.
Cheating on someone is a choice that you make.
It doesn't just happen.
The next three weeks are going to be epic.
Two more days with Roberta, a karaoke birthday, a beer festival and a beach vacation.
shut the fuck up before I fight you, bitch.
of you think that place is bad then don't ever go to CONEY island...
Very jealous
I was already looking forward to the Bears' season greatly, but as a diehard Bulls, Cubs,  Blackhawks fan...
I need the season here NOW.
Great news!
RT : I wasn't expecting this so soon, but I was just named the Associate Dean for Research for UMD's iSchool.
Marquette's coach bears an uncanny resemblance to doctor Evil
Bowling strikes in heaven above us today!
Real men use oneply toilet paper.
PS
dude this tweet just almost made me cry laughing..lmao..
RT : Make sure to follow this week.
He will be tweeting live from mission control during launch.
Up late working on the new website, so stressful.
me neither at fsu, but I went to an all black school briefly my soph.
year.
I loved it and errone loved me cause I gots SOUL!
Ever been told you have feet of clay?
How about feet of a beetle?
Well now you can take that one as a compliment.
Dear ATT: No amount of mindfulness meditation will be able to bring back the hour I lost of my life due to terrible customer service.
Hav u ever ben in a discussion w a loved 1  suddenly ur blood pressure skyrockets, ur nerves fray,  the worst version of u begs 2 com out?
I hope every one has a lovely but possibly chilly evening, goodnight  sweet doctorams!
Prochoice!
Whose pumped for the NATO in chicago this year!!!!
Yes JAH Thanks for following!
Look for our releases!
you are still following me.
Hurry and catch up so we can walk side by side :
Few men during their lifetime come anywhere near exhausting the resources dwelling within them.
Richard E.
Byrd
If you playing both sides, you know you gottah lay there
Who up with me?
in such a good mood.
just wish class didn't have to ruin it.
Goodnight everybody!
Hoping for another gorgeous day here in Big D tomorrow!
Watching mayweather cotto again for the fifth time...
Good fight but money may all day man, it's like a visual text book
Can't sleep can't sleep
I repeat.
Julio Jones FTW.
um, can I ride shotgun?
Stuck in a Finance Meeting.
I hate math.
Arkansas vs Michigan today at 1:00 Central time on CBS Hogs Are going to win WPS 479!!
Congrats Jermaine!
You can fly!!
Hugs  blessings!
Thanks!
I'm enjoying all the useful green tips on your blog.
Keep them coming!
You should!
Is that your square?
He is all knowing.
He mentioned that you and Rob were taking him home at halftime.
Aww papa.
great handle!
come see me then!

The seder requires participation from everyone Last night the dog found and ate the afikommen!
Great week for the company, Saved the day for Ace hardware of Greensboro, NC!
Hope to do more business with them in the near future.
haha!
Definitely not me.
Also, what's your apartment number next year!?
Finally home from work!!
3
Good to know that this problem is not just limited to archives in the U.S.
1 2 meet me outside , All my ruff riders meet me outside !
Tried out New Belgium's Hoptober.
It was fantastic.
Ranger was a little bitter for my taste.
I know it's an IPA, but still a bit much.
Thanks for the tweet.
2009 of San Francisco Housing Authority is the last person to file his papers to run as a candidate for mayor of San Francisco
we want
What's good Twitter?!
the I is their flagship, and is getting rightfully slagged for a general lack of imagination.
Glad to know your happier without me around
Thanksgiving meal 1  done
My computer isn't wanting to play my movie or let me take it out!
And it's a Netflix movie so I can't just forget about it.
Cathy house in depends!
Creeps me out
Haha okay.
Sounds good
I am able to speak to what their deeper struggles are that are truly keeping them from the life they desire
I just followed her
Hey!
Can u do a shout out in ur next vid and tell 'em to follow me!
Thanks for the follow
Being in school until June isn't so bad when you're in Chicago on lovely days like today.
can I have the channels back that I agreed to pay for?
Charter removed a bunch but continues to charge the same price
One goal lead going into the 3rd...
Go Kings go!
We try to publish daily, and there isn't that much corruption!
Sometimes we just examine taxpayer spending.
i love sunday nights when your relaxing..
i love them 3
Wrangling hamsters Libyan doctorve to speak to seek asylum in Malaysia election sobriety is not a college
Chapter 1: Crazy
Bad spellers untie.
...my music teacher said...
smh.
Oh how creative!
Express yourself!
Not only is death the great equalizer, but we all end up naked on a cold steel table wearing a pair of depends.
The only thing uglier than that PhillyBoston series is Mike Brown's suit.
o can't wait.
Class action  a legal right to mass stupidity.
it's beautiful!
Shall man be given marvels only when he is beyond all wonder?
Your flight instructor should do an arrangement of Ives' From the Steeples and the Mountains
The mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be kindled.
You suck, answer yo phone boy!!
If You Don't Mind Me Askin, What You Use?
Hi all!
Tweeting frm School in Baltimore MD.
One genuine, sincere person is who I'm searching for, who will captainre my heart  I his.
One to kiss good night  hold each other...
bwagahahah...
Yep we do
Where can we get some healthy but delicious food in NYC?
Any suggestions?
MotherFuck my opponent.
Women doctorvers..
Smh RT : Almost got into a wreck with a fire truck..
Wow
fuck the lakers i dont rock with them unless they playing the heat lol
im not even living in miramar
Caught an infectious laugh on the street.
Just got alittle from the other now movie with another
Three shows in two days, here we go :D
Feels pretty good about being ranked 15 in a class of 345 :
Omg j can't believe my neighbors' dog cares abt her puppies' the food she gets she gives it all to her babies' OMG LOL!!!!
Hey what do you know Giancarlodon't call me MikeStanton finally hit his 1st homer of the season yesterday!
Corporate run today, 3 miles of awesome today!
And that, my friend, is why I'm delighted you have joined Twitter.
Everyone says is a wannabe Justin Bieber but he's not!
He is a one and only person and Justin is his inspiration 3 Brooke
I just think the religious argument makes sense.
Since its a sin.
Removing that just means against it out of preference.
What does David think of Tim Burton's Dark Shadows movie?
The trailer is as silly as the TV show played serious.
LRT my friend use to call her that.
LOL
Our good buddies will be releasing a 7 song digital EP this summer!
We're so excited to hear new stuff from them, get stoked too
Around SanDiego text IGOBIG to 90210 for special offers  discounts from GoBig Printing.
You get the best services with mobile!
and and i may even try to meet up with you if you get a min, but we have a lot of cool stuff planned
at DellWorld: Line between biz strategy and IT strategy is blurring.
ITbusiness.
Yes.
Without change, downfall is inevitable RT: facebook is starting to feel cluttered/busy/noisy..
anyone else get that feeling?
Everyone all talk no swag.
congrats!
I live in Austin, TX now with my wife and 3 kids.
Things are good.
Appreciate you including me.
Thanks.
only if it is paired with garlic bread.
And wine.
:
thanks for the
For everyone on 2p2, make sure to think about what may have been in your PM inbox /outbox...
no, i'm at home in pj's playing multiple games of scrabble with strangers.
:thanks for the awesome shouts :
oh that's pretty cold!
It's about 80 right now, and normally tops out around 90 in the summer time.
Heading Back To Texas Now...Been a Crazy Busy Week...!
Tweet Ya'll Again In a Bit :
Essoatl oh yes it turned all the way up 2 the max
Chew with your mouth closed.
Omg
Everyone I know goes away in the end.....
he's home right now duh
sounds good!
What is with the bipolar people today!?!
I jus took the Longest nap ever...
is watching ThePrestige.
love me some ChristianBale.
over/under 30 minutes before i fall asleep?
Nice to catch that last set from south pacific
RT Studying abroad is a prerequisite for Life 101 by NAFSA  CoWorld member Kate Wozniak
Lol Don't feel bad.
I've done it before.
sleep is what i need right at this moment...really dont want to be bothered with any company today..
I can't stop hearing your music stronger it really rocks could u please follow me.
when is it?
What do u mean?
CubanFest?
Come enjoy the beautiful weather inside our store on New Comic Book Day!
doctorgs, alcohol and the devil.
RT : Really?
Who's going to beat the Texas Rangers this year?
Who?
Really?
Who?
No problem!
Glad to.
Stop by Sonic today from 12pm2 C the Baltimore Oriole Bird who will b wondering around the shopping center at 8212 Liberty Rd.
Iphone 5 is coming out in september!
who did you take this week?
Thank you!
Hope you have a wonderful weekend!
q.
for emerge2012asu presenters: how will you archive your results without a disciplinary canon?
How to pass the torch?
Good job Giants.
That was a big win tonight against the Phillies.
Great pitching duel between Cain and Lee.
Go Giants!
Free idea for PUA nerds: come up to me and talk about my nail polish, I might not be immediately overwhelmed with disgust
Happy Thanksgiving from the Citelighter Team!
Im ridin round n im gettin it.
Its mine, i spend it
Saw Liza with a Z being interviewed on the red carpet outside Kodak for the TCM film fest.
Also!
Robert Wagner and Osborne and Rose McGowan.
A 3rd meal  sports or movement should be part of a longer learning day.
It's in my closet!
lol
I feel like I've been iin the car forever
So much negativity from alot of pens fans Suck it up, stop whining, and root for your team.
Their is a reason you don't work in the
don't think so.
Trying to get her to sleep and get some myself.
So far, she's the only one sleeping...3
Only two chefs have double restaurants on worlds50best restaurant awards and Fat Duck's Heston Blumenthal in Britain.
hey thanks for following me I am still trying to add u too so we can dm
sandwich's YUM
Thanks for being our newest followers , ,  !
welcome back to Seattle!!!
Glad to have u back with the team!
Don't have a clue what you speak of Good Sir..
Stop by www.papouspizza.com for the best pizza in town  tell Luke that Mango Media sent you  on Leetsdale about 1 from Cherry Creek North
Who are you and how did you get in here?
I'm a locksmith and I'm a locksmith.
hey, just arrived.
Not sure I have your number handy...
Awesome tours tonight!
Packed night tomorrow.
The Pedal Mill loves Baltimore!
a bit.
me too!
overly excited, actually
me too.
We're already getting feedback and actually tweaked the MVP a bit.
what's wrong?
But now I'm watching Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1 :
Where are y'all?
Lets meet up!
:
Yes!
We're open for spring break!
We're open normal hours with the exception of being closed Friday 3/35, a university furlough day.
We NEED new beats!
Producers send that crack!
Zoolike Cannes opens with Anderson's 'Moonrise': The sunbaked Cannes Film Festival got under way with Wes Anderson's Moonrise Kingd...
ok.
getting by.
AHHA I SOUND OLD.
but YOU?:
So many people are worried about showing license plate numbers, but very few people actually do anything harmful with them.
I do like that idea, though.
Joe did what Joe does.
I can get behind that :
Who's to blame?
Watching the 2 hour long Glee episode!!!
A 3 by al Harrington!!
Go nuggets!
BBN That's how we do!!!
We have some great stuff in the works : stay tuned!
this must be a hockey game lions and
Belated thank you!
woohoo!
I'm famous!
Help spread the word about the ExperienceJoeRogan app for Andoctorid?
Best of all it's completely free!!
Glad you took these takeaways!
supposed safety of locks offers a premium for dishonesty, by showing others how to be dishonest
Parachute doctorp at the old Riverview amusement park near Belmont and Western, in
I mean, you should have to make some personal connection, right?
Not just put dates  genre into a machine and spit out a tour.
Then this other hoe telling the WHOLE bus her life story 
comsidering the option of never eating raw fish again...
it just might be worth it
SO HUNGRY!!
Bah.
And so sick of this annotated bibliography.
I feel like giving up.....but I know I can't, my grades matter too much to me
RT : Started 21 Days to Maximum Performance Memory Mastery Prgm.
Look out world!
Oh wow...and i missed 11:11.
Another day at Nutridge High.
Can't wait for the weekend!!!
Shooting on Sat.
Morning, followed by hanging out with my baby and the dog.
Lots of rr.
O'Hare is quiet this evening.
Wish you were all here, saa11!
Mullet/jorts combo spotted
I wanna skip class ;but dont wanna get caught
yummy!
Is that chocoflan?
My classmate is completely obsessed with it, I'll have to look out for when you hit 'publish' :
Tomorrow Joe will be in Queen Ann, Belltown, Ballard  Medoctorna!
Call 2064141039 to schedule a carpet cleaning!
thoughts emchat ?
MT : Admission officers R in a business.
They are looking out 4 the institution No.
1 families come in 2nd
The Lovely Bones was a pretty disappointing movie.
And the bones weren't even that hot, if you ask me.
can i waste time with both of you too, please?
will we see you Saturday for OpOliver?
There is such a thing as being totally satisfied.
:, justins voice in everythings gonna be alright made me cry
Hoes these days.
Smokin on joints that look like candle sticks
Mood shift.
Welcome to who are working to build a new hospice for young adults in the North West.
Best of luck!
Definitely a seeker
have a good game bro!
but hope it's a C's blow out!
In both practice sessions.
He starts 4th.
He is a dark horse pick.
But my pick to win the Aarons 499 at Talladega Superspeed is the
After my BubbleBum tweet, I got spammed by bots asking  Looking to Hookup Tonight
I don't know it's never going to be the same.....
Not anymore!
I use to be!
Only in my fairytales RT: Cancer's are big believers in love
omg mike from ICON, your hysterical haha:
I just woke up.
RT : You're always wagging your finger at someone.
Man, go to sleep...
What a matchup tonight!
Good luck to and Well see you both in Nov in Orlando at the OldSpiceClassic!
Nice  have a good trip!
:D
All musical artists ready to take the MKE music scene by storm  join us tomorrow night to find out how!
: Boosie Boo not guilty!
How'd he pull that off lol ...
He didn't do it!!!
Lol!
So jealous, Max!
They're amazing.
Thank you!
vry impt that parents are able to hold any new school operator just as accountable as old one
There was some crop failure.
Wendy's won't serve tomatoes unless requested...
RT: : WHY DO TOMATOES COST 3.99/lb?!
Lehigh Valley Art Wars Throw Down taking place Friday in Allentown
Watching Manchester United at Chelsea with Viggle Sun  10:30AM  FOX Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Where's the bronx zoo cobra?
Has he gone underground?
re Alias game.
You can probably find it in the used bin at your local EBGames/Gamestop
text me when you can, i gotta tell you about this doctoram :o
Hahaha love you 3 : MentionTo someone who's super lazy.
making coffee w tea filter dad got me, simple as it gets, its perfection
Andoctorw Sullivan and Tina Brown are supervillains who must be stopped.
pretty bad day at school today.
Thank You for the Follow
Aw shux!
RT : Forget that lottery ticket, following is a guarantee of wealth.
A wealth of cool music, anyway.
RT : John Boehner said half the people who get hit by millionaire's tax are small businesses.
TruthOMeter says False....
look like derwin aint a rookie no more lol
RT : The mark of a GENIUS  in any realm of life  is the ability to explain something that's COMPLEX in a SIMPLE way!
What kind of REAL strong heroines would you like to see?!
: what bro, you still got my number.
of course
sounds like a plan.
I can meet earlier too if there is a class.
Plans for Mother's Day??
RT : RT : if you don't eat the pussy, she got a hungry nigga on speed dial that will
Best relaxing treatment, besides the beach, I've had in ages!
Highly recommend Set the Chi Free!
Jacqui is a miracle worker.
doctorpal is my BFF now!
Experience is the best teacher.
never realized it was always you I was serving a bowl of chili salmon sandwich/salad at sunroom!
missedconnections?!
loljk?
Bring your cameras to document the insanity.
Should be a game for the ages.
Cool, but rude.
Is there anyway I can pay cash at the door Tuesday?
I'm on a cash only thing.
I can make an exception if need be.
:
about 120 for my tattoo ?
hell yeah , think i'll be gettin that bihh real soon !
what if Busta Rhymes was a News Anchor
Social is incredibly powerful for story telling for small depts in large companies
Just left the recording studio.hard work,but very rewarding.
We are back and on application 130137  Kevin O'Brien.
can I be louis' or nicks gf?
belowtheline LBL caffeine withdoctorwl as well but worth it all by nxt Monday!
Am I the only one who'd watch a Waterworld Vs Mad Max movie?
Oohooh!
I forgot about that one!
: Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve with St.
doctornken
I can't stop bawling.
Every time I watch it....!
I HATE SPIDERS.
i got you : want me to talk to him or anything?
Does Chris work tonight?
I really want to go in to Fleming's for an Ahi Burger!
thanks Pete!
Luckily our bar was just a side venture w/my cousin but I'm sure going to miss it!
And as for me, I'm optimistic :
I didn't ruin nothing.
i was just sitting here playing my music, thats it!
: haha I'm already sore :/  You may not like me today, or tomorrow, but you'll love me in the long run.
Can anyone help me out with sending a bulk email..
I have 750 email addoctorsses I need to send a piece of marketing material to..please help!!
where do you met this stuff
Overall, I'm satisfied with my final grades.
Especially the B in biology...
You know, I heart I do worry I create too much doctorma every time I go there.
hello sexier than me
BOOKED!
I'm playing husband proud of his prized piece of artwork...my wife doesn't like it quite as much.
:
I recently used Regus in Tampa to hold a meeting with out of town participants.
I was really impressed, very professorssional  top notch.
Ready to watch the All Star weekend festivities.
Got two AZ wildcats in the slam dunk contest!
Budinger and DWill gonna get it done
wow!
Maybe they'll be fine with what they have
I perhaps owe having become a painter to flowers.
Claude Monet
worst head ache everr
i personally cannot believe that parrot cornholio brings up nothing on youtube
Creating a monster record.
Stay tuned!!!!
Shit I need sum hype party ppl where u at?!
Haa
iThinkOfYou.
When I listen to Frank.
lets take a trip outta town
TheBestThingInLifeIs the feeling you get knowing you're helping artists and designers make the world a better place!
Lmao  : Lakers fans wear those sketchers that light up when they take a step
The dude working at the deli just asked me if I wanted the regular.
When I said yes he gave me three lollipops.
thatswhatimtalkingabout!
Poverty is the worst form of violence.Gandhi
Isn't that what a question mark usually implies?
However, I am more concerned now about how to get the polish off my floor
no you won't i am too sly
Well that surely didn't disappoint
new food items on menu.
New Super buger, buffalo chx wrap, curry fish sandwich, jalapeno poppers  chopped chx salad.
Lunch time.
Cheers
Informal survey to Dems and Reps on Twitter: in what ways, if any, are Romney and Pres.
Obama alike?
Sure, but that's still your better chance.
remember AARP's stance
Why WHY DID SHE BRING UP PATRICK!?.

straw built ass lmao girl thats You!
Come on son!
Ive had this convo with about dudes and their Vampire thirst on twitter.
Dudes need to get it together.
In my own lane
Oh yeah!
RT : I'm watching The Marriage of Maria Braun, getting ready to guest on this weekend!
If your going to sample a legends work, please make sure u do a good job.
Thank you
Vienna was the city of statues.
fridayreads Collages by Anais Nin Swallow Press 1964
is it me or does it feel like a new social media site is created everyday?
Hell yea mem cam toRT You think they can beat the thunder RT : If the Clippers come back and win they goin to da finals
Thanks for the retweet Pedoctor!
And Lori gets the held onto my BB the longest award!
Wow, sounds like someone needs a vacation
Super psyched for the this weekend!
Who wants to come with me???
Easy Rascal Flatts and N.Bettingfield, great song!
: :
I wouldn't mind them trading back to second then back into first.
Probably upshaw, Hill, konz.
GB might get upshaw though.
I cannot stop reading The Book Thief  pick it up!
Is it racist that every commercial break for basketball wives there is a RX for brown skin ad...
I think yes!
which is a really good reason.
It's a nice day to get pierced!
Don't forget to grab a 20 off jewelry ad from the Stranger newspaper!
Pretty certain it is too darn early for eating smelly onions.
Girl sitting next to me didn't get the memo.
: No 1st term prez will pass immigration reform, so why go with Romney if Obama can do it in 2nd term?
Happy New Year!
May the God of peace  love shine on you all your!
Happy Mardi Gras folks!
Even if you aren't from Louisiana, it's a great excuse to party on a Tuesday!
Did you know we give 2 back on all total purchases which you can accumulate on your Chois Loyalty Cards and use towards future purchases?
Perseverance is a great element of success.
Longfellow
Its better to have stayed away if u've never seen it before.
Bad projection bad 1st viewing.
Watch 's DVD instead
Trust your instinct..it will always lead you in the right direction.
RT : mls deserves better officiating than ussf can provide.
1 of the things holding back the game in this country.
: Women have a better sense of smell than men.
I don't believe this onee
and i did a heart8 and pointed to travis and he smiled and did a heart and pointed back.
Benign, is the opposite of malignant, i.e.
cancerous.
.keloidsurvey.com
RT : OK, I'll admit...had a great time at Company this afternoon.
That's Gibraltar  over by Spain I think?
I was at Pier VI seeing Chicago the band, not Chicago the city.
It would have been a really far away wave.
:
Working on music for handbells, voices, and tin whistle, among other things.
FF local style guides
thanks you are a dear.
Nicki Minaj Sings 'Super Bass' with Sophia Grace Full Version: via
I'll be at the Flying Saucer Jelly today...will you be there?
RT : karaoke is singing with the band this year.
See their set list for ideas at
Giants is playing legit.
Atlanta weak tho.....Gotta put a L in tha air
Heading up tp New York for the weekend to check on my house and see some friends...
follow me so i can reply
I know.
I lost your number I think.
They smashed my phone in prison
so I really miss !
where are you?
ThisSummerImTryna surround my self around some more real ass people
No surprise can produce such a magical effect as being loved.
Charles Morgan
Type let it snow into the Google search engine.
Happy Holidays!
Ah.
Let it be known that henceforth, the old testament is irrelevant in all policy considerationsso sayeth the Austin Scott.
from today's dept colloquium: performance of performance on reality TV shows is likegoffman squared!
It was great, thanks.
Great cause, the guys were amazing.
Laird made me do shots w/ him, haha!
He had his ring on too!
Great job tonight Jennifer.
Thx for always be the first to jump into acting action.
im god now smoking whit kushhh
Great deal!
RT TODAY ONLY  Join California Family Fitness for just 20!!!
Please RT!!
:
My news, feed is on blast.
I don't know ..
Back to my old ways...
uh oh.
.laugh me makes always video face a without eyes the watching .seriously him take can't i but idol billy love do i
I'm pretty sure is still single also!!
Just saying
YES, we should!
stfu thats a shitty one.
they would hire helen keller if she applied
The doctornk I made at home isn't as good as the one I had at the bar.
omg panera and library w cute date omg omg omg every1 jellz omg
Obama is using the issue to isolate and antiquate Romney and the ReligiousRight.
Is swaggless with two g's?
thnx for followin me u made so happy :D
sorry its taken me a minute but ill have a record we can work on soon IA
Bridge flash mob!
I don't know if I am the worst cook ever, or if it was because I made a lowfat version, but the eggplant parm wasn't good:
GoTribe Loving my TRIBE!!!
Can't wait to spend a whole weekend watching in the CLEVE LAND I LOVE!
If anyone thinks Mike Leake has it bad, check out Yovani Gallardo's line.
FOR THE LAST TIME: I have a flip phone and can't get all these fancy photos of my uncle in that manoncamel scene you keep texting me.
i wish my 35 yr old ass could be a part of ur life
YASSS Robert you betta go in on The Letterman Show right now!
3
RT!: I hate using eye doctorps.
I always blink!
:
awe: you should smile:D
Perry better prepared and at ease.
A day late and a dollar short unfortunately
I am craving some Mongolian Barbeque....
Don't heckle the comedian
Everyone in short circuit is a poser
Are you submitting for the LIM College Fashion info conference?
I just have a few questions for a firsttime submitter
Haha, I'll take that under advisement.
I need to share an automation breakthrough we had last week too.
Text on the way...
RIP Phillip.
3 sending much love to all of his friends and family.
xoxo
Has always been that tall?
Knife Fight feed is up!
Psyched to get on set today with and And of course, our boy
If MW people are looking for an after party, come to Lion's Share on Kettner.
I hate when someone txts you but they don't ever txt you back
gotta sleep on it.
Had a great night performing with Shotgun Radio.
Serious Underground Warehouse action.
Im fine.I get to leave Saturday.da only thing dats killing me is the pain and it hurts even more knowing I cant dance anymore
Good news today!
Ninth Letter will serialize my novella In a Distant Country this spring, in six parts, on their website.
Woohoo!!!
Don't throw away your old computers, donate them to www.KomputersForKids.com  they'll use what they can and recycle the rest!
D
good morning all  choose to have a wonderful day !
time for a Starbucks get the juices flowing
It's all over news now.
It was foreseen in the long run...
I might come to school I feel bad lolol
Hey...tix are tough but you never know.
Please bring home a couple of wins this weekend.
gigem
cornu it is; I'm new to them, as far as I can recall.
Oh my gosh, I am so embarrassed for the students whose mothers call me in the office to fix their school inconveniences...
You guys killed  see you next time RT : thanks so much for a rockin evening!
catch you next time
I need to start liking homework!
thanks for the shoutout!
2 new interviews with him this week!
killin it at
good call.
Unfortunately that will have to wait until next year.
think i'm going to rock this red michael kors for graduation.
now all i need is some appropriate footwear :
Looks like we will be sharing a hashtag with Celebrity Big Brother in the UK this week.
Wieland, anybody?
Its almost been a year!!
I can't believe it!
I love and miss you So much dad!!!!
:
Taylor Swift is playing 6 NFL stadiums in 2011, including tour finale at Cowboys Stadium next October.
Wow.
Passed my science sol, yay !
Wow that's a market of 9MM US households that can buy online without a checking/credit/debit account!
No pick me!
IM YOUR FAVORITE:
Pompa: if all of our students are not prepared to compete with childoctorn all around the world, this country is going to lose.
I thought it was kind of a cool song, But she's an amazing dancer.
I'll def give her that, she could do better acting too
She Fucked Him , Him , Him Your Bro , Your Homies , Your Cousin  Best Friend
Besides the Resident Evil games, what other survival horror titles do you enjoy playing?
SZ
Tomorrow's awcchat is about creative refueling  brainstorming, w/  1130am CST.
via
No matter what crime someone might have committed, rape is not part of the penalty.
Thanks for the heads up!
Looks like I will be writing for my hometown newspaper The Daily Press this Fall!

Thanking God for waking me up today Blessed..
with the new coarsegrind burrs?
Cotton Tale Rug, Pirates Cove Guide  area rugs childoctorn
Freddie Mercury Hologram?
Queen Shrugs
No matter what your situation, you can redesign your life to get more work done and have more success.
Your life is in your hands.
Key words in that phrase...
right now...
Cheer up mistergrumpy gills.
We're gonna whoop some ass tomorrow
Another shred of innocence lost : RT Wish there was a knob on the TV to turn up the intelligence: 'brightness' knob doesn't work

my mama going in ahahahaha
I hate know it all kids.
I have never been more exhausted.
In a million ways.
tx for the love chica!
4 days until the Blue Cross RiverRink opens for the season!!
Happy mothers day!
I love you mommy 3
Start with the lego version before you commit to the bigger one.
May I suggest a name for the project?
Call it Car :
Don't make it to easy girl don't take it too fast
Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't.
Erica Jong
video idea: young women in the woods with weird voices in urban outfitters couture maybe a horse or mystery ritual or mystery language text
good hangin out with my friend ivy and lol
if your interested in coming to lexington and doing a autograph session let me know!
Our thoughts and prayers go out to all the people affected by the tornado in the south.
sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead
Haha I lost it.
Love that the kids were into it.
Just got woke up by a doorbell that I thought was for me.
Opened the door as was terribly surprised.
So sick of politics and religion!
That cabin in the woods looks better everyday!
its February 13 ...
Best pizza in the Bronx: go.
okay il text you:
Also new this week lkey lime sorbet.
Love key lime pie?
You'll love this.
: Oh, you doctornk smart water?
You must shine with intelligence.
: RT Be helpful.
When you see a person without a smile, give them yours :
Surprisingly enough, Columbiana wasn't nearly as bad as I thought it would be.
thank you.
: I needed that.
yes it would im going to go before Danielle freaks out about all these tweets ill message u on fb later.
GREAT DAYFab Friday's Wanderer  State Fair Sandwich
RT: Our weakness is one of our greatest excuses.
We may be weak, but God is strong, and He is willing to be our strength.
In 1969, astronauts Eugene A.
Cernan, Thomas P.
Stafford and John W.
Young blasted off aboard Apollo 10 on a mission to orbit the moon.
Happy birthday I love u baby
Thank you for choosing A1 Shredding, Happy Holidays to all.
FANS!
Follow Lady Phoenix as they need our support!
The girls are recording the album now as a duo Melissa  Diana!
3
RT Isn't a moment of silence a bit too ironic for Penn State?
RT A big Thank you for the follow!
Thanks again from
I completely agree, I like that quote
it's ok lol
It's the same impulse as wanting to do that when you read badfic in fandom.
I completely understand headdesk
happy good friday all.may you have a blessed day.
FUCK!!
I had two of the numbers..
smh
I just wish I could use more than 140 characters.
Ha.
thanks for the follow Mikey!
Hope you'll check out our site!
:
Watching Keeping Up With The Kardashians!!!
:D
I'll Be gone for awhile...
check it!
Don't Follow Your doctorams.
LEAD Them!
Then to Trader Joe's and now  doctormisterll please  Target!
4/20 special coupon code 420420 for 20 off the entire site WOW!
check out the coolest pipes ever.
SWEET!
love it!
an ok boyfriend..but a great wifey.
thanks for RT.
:
If you haven't already, go download our music for free!
you're so hip with your new twitter gfriend 
ahahaha, i have to be up to get my hair done again tomorrow at 8:30 lol ; gosh, talkin to you is amazing :
Love what you're doing  thank you for following us, and looking forward to your tweets.
Good night !
I'm reading it!
Ps.
dubstep is kinda cool.
it took me a long time to decide whether i liked it.
That's the same bra I saw when we went shopping!
I put over 2000 Swarovski crystals on it!
I perform tonight in Divas at 10PM
: Looking forward to a great week at Hamilton Co.
ESC in Cincinnati.
We enjoyed speaking with you today!
That's your brand.
The older you get the more valuable your name.
And no one else can take it and do bad things with it.
yeah an apple martini
Good morning world!!
Rise n Grind!!
Hay IamStevenT you are funny on American idle.I love Aerosmith!!!!!
Please follow
: Ew this pic is so ugly!
I'm only saying this for attention HAHA!!!!!!........love those people..
10 Facebook Tips 1.
NEVER EVER start a facebook account.
you be really addicted if u do start one.
They ain't giving Kobe foul calls yet.
But they will.
In the 4th quarter.
When the game is on the line, the refs will cheat.
I hope my Elmo has fun at prom!
Ily Elmo!
RT : Hello, shoes for LFW...
Lace Up Platform Booties in Brown by fr ...
When we decide to follow our heart we can often fear that we may lose certain people because it will change our direction...
Good Morning Sis!
Thanks for the support.
You are appreciated:
And I learn nothing
If I fall.......the top is where I wanna be landing at....Fa realz!!!!
Getting ready to connect with of Unspun
I hope that I spelled her last name right lol
COME ON BABY BABY IT'S U...
UR THE ONLY ONE I LOVE...
UR THE ONLY ONE I NEED...
;0
He's got more important places to be, but it's a shame that Brandon Jacobs couldn't be at the Giants ring ceremony.
Starting work on a new collection today at the University Archives.
It's 10 boxes of unsorted booklets!
Eek!
Last week's raffle winner just picked up her lovely handmade bag  she picked the cat design  well done!
they can't let em stay close towards the end fam
My ears've have been hurting  I've had an on  off migraine all day
Kay we will
glee :Whitney Houston .
Exhausted.
But at least I didn't have another wedding disaster doctoram.
So, that's a plus.
We're in a gold limo going to the MGM : So excited!!!
I'm going to a be a VS model when I'm older!
Nashville friends, I'm now a zoo member!
And I can always bring a guest, so let me know if youd like to visit the zoo!
Jacob!
I miss you!
/3
no no not really
Gettin this cut
are you too ugly or what..?
I'm sick!
Where's the recipe?
:
Unveiling TWA transactional web archiving not TWA open source 1 yr dev
You ask.
no, you ask!
Will you please ask?
why can't you ask?
fine..hey my friend wants to ask you something!
Beautiful day for a ride!
RT : Anyone do bikethebay yesterday!?
Bittings are often represented as a code which instructs how a key is to be cut by a locksmith.
we will be to open data very soon.
much is going on in the background.
Happy 21st bro bro it's on this weekend plz LOUD ON DECK
Shots on shots on shots on beer.
Watch out for emotional vampires...
protect your heart!!
And your vision
The first Macintosh comuter was introduced in 1984 in a commercial which debuted during the Super Bowl.
Does a hot muscle car get YOUR engine revving?
how could something so wrong make me feel so right?
Thanks to everyone who participated in our Friday Giveaway!
The winner is !
email us at to arange pick up!
I was just making a humor joke.
Someone is looking up to you.
Don't let that person down.
that is good that u are working hard....I'm trying to study for this damn bio test later
Yo mama house so small you have to go outside to change your mind.
Yet...
it will be Tebow's fault!!!
Speaking of, Best Coast less than impressive  Bonnaroo RT doctorw Barrymore to direct Best Coast video...
Listening to Don Knezek as he opens the Global Edtech Forum in Dubai.
Excited to share today.
Hell I've doctorven a lot farther for a lot less.
Do it!!
Only live once!
according to a certain caller uk should go ahead n retire Pete Maravich's jersey even though he didn't play for uk.
thoughts?
if he is block him.
Smh
I got one of the best realizations from talking to a homeless dude: stop waiting for people to give you things, love, money, respect.
they also fly to Havana, Minsk, and Cleveland?
Sorry about that!
Down below is the sample to our new CD!
:
Las Vegas is a love it or hate it kind of town.
I hate it.
Sorry, people who live here, but it's not for me.
All these Mikey pictures...MeGusta ;
Ask Style: What Are Some EasytoDo Holiday Hairstyles?
I 've already spent a boatload on my doctorsses, shoes, etc.
Got any tips for easy h
You're welcome.
Yes, relaxing w/end :
I love !
Today a bunch of 8 yr olds blew me away writing   performing  re: Superman  a monster w/a thorn in his tentacle.
yet guidlines need to be set and followed .
if not you will have a world of confusion,much like todays world.Stay true and have faith.
A really cool contest with an AWESOME prize will be starting soon.
Just finishing up the final details right now.
let's go to brunch this Sunday.
Kelly you come too so we can discuss mortgage rates...

yes, it is pretty much comedy gold...
i dont know but the way you let Austin have it this week was GREAT!
And it was all the truth!
Too excited for 21st birthday
I'll make sure that she gets to your site this week man!
Good stuff!
Thanks for the compliments on the site...still working on it
did you read my tweet cracking up hahah!
I was jking thoughh!
Ibanez was running like Nunez
Dude, the joke was preceded by a tweet that reported it as straight news.
So, not uptight.
Saved a few stories but the rest of my old notebooks are now gone.
No need for them.
HEY, HOW ARE YOU?:
Just make sure you snitch in the 2nd 48
slept in till 2:00...nbd
he was but I'm not sure anymore
lavender?
Chamomile?
Whats your favorite?
We wish all of the finalists of the James Beard Foundation Awards good luck at tonight's event!
I think it's helpful, especially on my work account.
I think if the volume were higher, it might be a problem.
thanks for the mention!
JF
Me:  InTheSummer I'm going to workout a lot!
Me in the summer: haha nah JK Maybe next summer.
My brother is lame !
No one at the bank.
Meet lifevineworks cofounder chamille weddington today: CYC college fair at ICE theaters on roosevelt.
i found your WP site and is it so beautiful, did you code it all yourself or is there basic structure i can use to have the layout
or skype me, either one
I'm always goods : I'm also always right, just ask them!
im sure it was shamazing..
I hate the rain...
:P
Some one tweet my time line empty
indeed.
To you as well :
Suggestion: Bring itgetsbetter conversation to international and mulitcultural communications learning
Thanks for the RT!
TRAK Records and Library has a page on LinkedIn!
Follow us for jobs in information management.
oh no Alicia here everyone quiet shhhhhhh
NYC is amazing.
Meet friends for doctornks, eat an amazing dinner, Broadway Show and THEN doctorNKS AGAIN, all before 7:15pm L.A.
time.
Enjoy the victory, Salt Lake.
Too bad the bars close in 45 minutes.
Good thing Village Inn remains open until 3!
GYM TIME!
This trainer better not try to kill me or else.
Chris Brown just Killed the stage!!3
whenIwas13 I at least knew how to spell the insults I gave out.
Kids these days,
lol!!!!
But people should know Lou would NEVER cheat on Eleanor
Google doctorve Problem Is a Public Cloud Problem, Says Privacy Expert
RT : I enjoy music like I enjoy food, I eat what I want when I want and not jammed down my throat by a stranger.
Assuming I make it to work tomorrow, that will make 3 SMSC offices in as many days.
I'm closing out the month in 5 days...All serious offers will be considered!
LOL i just stole this...
:
ya, unfortunately lol
I need to tweet more I'm slacking.
She ain't all that tell Tha bitch fall back
Busy day working on client cases.
Best Wishes to all!
Missing the adoctorntro meet up in Anchorage today : because I overslept a wee bit.
Ok, a lot.
Break legs tonight, !
I will be there tomorrow night.
:
My birthDAY is over, oh well.
I still have 6more days.
Birthday WEEK.
LifeOfBreyonce .
Ima princess
It's never too late to be what you might have been.
George Eliot write create RT
low key the whole carpool is in town...we should link up today
hell yea.
I'm so dead now lol
Plenty of time for a hearty breakfast before snow falls.
Specials today?
Crab and Asparagus Omelet, Caramel Apple Crepes OR Breakfast Pizza!
Interesting maybe that's what this spelling is going for?
: definitely haven't heard that pronunciation yet.
More like lirl
Always call AHEAD
come say hi!
check out who is doing some pretty cool things in our community!
yes he was on my list i sent u 
Prince cover band concert in N Mpls
I heart Tehas  where's your uncle live?
I'm in
can I really come!!!
CLASS SPECIAL 20 OFF ALL CLASSES PLUS A FREE AIRBRUSH MACHINE!!!!
CALL TODAY TO BOOK YOUR CLASS 248 477 5548
Subbed!
Amazing Voice!!!
prometheus coming out in a few weeks is what's getting me through this school year for real
Come see  today from 122 at Shocking Prices!
Autographs, prizes and discounted playoff tickets!
So excited to have you!!!
What do you mean by not provide any professorle info?
Not even names and email adoctorsses??
Time to watch some Hokies!!
yeah I was nervous here for a second thinking it would be a 1st, 2nd, or third..but we had multiple late picks were set
Working rapidly toward Interlink RC1.
Adding iphone calendar links to ticket, client and associated contacts.
Tune in and turn on, right??
Nice RT : Tune in now for a sexy game!!
I'm playing at the Cotton District Festival w/ today in Starkville from 12 on the TVA Rockin' Stage!
Come by and say hey!
:
Don't worry everyone, the cops have swarmed Loose Park to thwart evil families from potentially having any dogs off their leash.
oh man.
i hate that guy at concerts.....or well any public venue.
cool.
Aight.
I'll consider it.
Ps.
Going to the game on Friday.
7 rows back.
Can't wait!!
GO c's
HEY BROGAN, how'd your day go?:
Do what you gotta do, I'm doin me, but don't come to me when you realize you fucked up.
Raid the Cellar Sundays.
That means every bottle in house in house under 60 is half price all day, all night.
The patio is waiting.
Happy birthday my friend.
You are a class act.
Vamos and game on!
Hey Baby 3
Two show Tuesday
Wish our favorite bandito and roadmate was with us ;
It's a beautiful afternoon  the Farm, swing by  pick up our strain of the day; Tahoe Blue, great for depression, anxiety,  headaches.
I feel the shame of the beagle.
Agreed.
But then again, he's not a HR hitter.
So it'll have to be a mistake pitch as well as a perfect swing.
Strange Law of the Day: In Connecticut, you can be stopped by the police for biking over 65 miles per hour.
hugs i'll see you saturday morning at least!
To all those friends or biz relationships who have inquired and those who may...Sadly, I will not be going to SXSW!
Have an awesome time!
What did Jack Frost say to Frosty the Snowman?Have an ice day!
Thanks, Tracy.
The more I read on CNET, the more iPhone is the winner.
I love life and music
Fed imogen, had my first cup of coffee, already feeling jealous of neighbors with ac units, about to finish reading A friend's book mss
Another post could be to talk about your ex all the time.
Including announcing what would have been special days with them.
I can't put it down!
Read almost 100 pages already.
Listening music while doing homework
Catch us on 30A Radio Friday morning at 10:45 a.m.
to talk about the big show.
Hopefully we know all our brand new songs!
If your a boring tweeter I probably won't follow you.
My vagina looks like a penis.
Hey I just listened to the link you sent me...really nice songs!
I would love to work with you.
wtf do that box mean???
lol
Yes!
E me
We sell pies by the slice.
For whole pies orders must be place and we deliver.
We work from home temporarily.
6195378812
no!!
Brother and his wife :
Thanks, Richard.
These are exciting times and we are early in the new world of epublishing.
If someone brought me ice cream tomorrow before work, id probably die of happiness
Every man for there selfs and God for us all.
in 160 ch or less, who was the champion of these hearings?
we have an unlimited monthly starting this month.
The next step is to rent a desk.
So sorry about that guys KTCO, player is in a epic battle with me right now.
Think I fixed it : KM
Off for Winter Break!
Going to work on updating my website soon: Happy Holidays to everyone!
xoxo
sounds interesting, I'll check out ur site.
I see ur son has talent too maybe we'll link up sometime
yes I do!
Next week is good for me.
Let's do it
Hi, hi!!
You look so familiar...
haha!
;
RT : Day 7 of Atlanta Beer Week: Terrapin Night: tapping a 2010 WakenBake and Pumpkin Fest today  5pm!
PCA favorite Bones
well i wish u luck..
:
Working on a piece about crowdsourced analytics being used to influence narrative choices in media.
On 4/20.
Something's not right here...
What?
That's what you get for booking aeromexico
Hello, dear Doris!
I am moving, so not much time to tweet.
Staying in ABQ, but sold house and going for an apt.
pool!
Thanks for the inclusion!
You should know, you can now order Girl Scout cookies through me.
oyI'llBeGainingSomePounds
Ouch.
Traffic on I90 sucks now.
Is it rude to switch treadmills when the guy next to you is hacking up a lung?
Hello and welcome to Monday!
We have time to develop this athlete!
It's goin' down tonight!
is hosting the Spring Break edition of Tilt Night Club!
18 to party, Central Ave.
See ya there!
remember when you wrote about the Cavs?
I feel like you're living Anakin's life in Star Wars.
To sum up: the Heat are evil.
Here in BarnesNoble getting some inspiration to workout from gqmagazine and overall inspiration from nylonmagazine young Hollywood issue
Great to meet Week.
Thanks for the shoutout to Sears on innovation.
Sounds gd.
Will be in touch about prog on livetweeting.
LMK if ideas for oth panelists.
Is your new album all childoctorn's music?
Bring it LA, I'm not movin'!
RT : SB1066 passed unanimously in the Senate this evening!
Well that was a very nonme type thing to do.
Good night all :
who is that?
Humbled by your words Laura.
Thank you so much for sharing it.
Love you too!
The food in our school canteen is perfect.If your a bug!
anyone else notice the BU hockey jacket in Eastbound and Down tonight?
haha where is that??
Thinking without awareness is the main dilemma of human existence  Eckhart Tolle
It's better to have 4 quarter then 100 pennies.
REAL FRIENDS
Knew hs teacher yrs ago who told me horror stories of good kids being dumped because they were inconvenient.
also, happy tuesday!
It makes me want to eat an iguana!
Focus Group, Manhattan, Thursday April 19th.
Looking males: 18 30, own an iOS device 85 for 1  hours
Sweet fanny pack
Good luck OIT Men's Bball team!
Just tipped off against 1 North Wood for the NAIA Nat'l Championship.
GO HUSTLIN' OWLS!
My thoughts go out to Japan after suffering from such a powerful natural disaster.
Stay strong.
rondo!
Yer out!
S/o too
Tosh.o funniest show ever!
Congrats on the signing Butta!
At smw where Deep Focus hosts a discussion on connectdness very enlightening 21st democracy is going to be built by us
RT : : If 1 of 400 richest Americans paid fair tax rate, 5,400 lowincome students could get Pell Grants.
Today i am not doing anything!
yeah!!
It rained today.
Much needed H2O
I couldn't agree more.
Should be interesting tonight too.
In 1998 I got the itch but still could not do history.
There could be no money.
I was conditioned by success, IT success.
Love retreat, but always ready to get back to life.
and I meet in less than an hour.
A kiss from Jesus!
follow me pleasee
Thanks very much, hope Stew isn't giving you too much trouble!
Tweeting at 6 AM is like writing a letter in a postapocalyptic world.
I don't know if anyone will ever read this...
What is today?
Today is the day that  are playing in San Diego.
It is also my BDay  do i get to go?
NO!
Sad face :
i wish boy that i love love me......oo loving father lord help me to do all my thing and i will be the servant of god jesus i love u so muc
Stop by for a quick lunch with us at the
Oic.
I think soft power is state action now, jstu w/o a remedy.
Lieberman's call to Amazon surely violated 1A.
Precisely what Almost everyone Should be aware of In relation to Medial Inform Models.
Working on the roll out for Idaho Yesterdays.
Pretty fun job.
i don't get it
Do it!
Write from experience!
It's the best place!
Time for a nap...then I go get a yard of mulch.
Would you rather have a virgin or a both again prositute?
Sure I am, Spammy.
RT : Your a lucky March Madness winner!
Grandpa you can't say that!!
They put all their money into this and film in Times Square later in the season.
Here's a fun fact: my commute is longer then the average New Yorker's...
Where are you guys going for lunch?
Commerce Clause decisions have paved way for massive GOVT intrusion almost from start.
Wherever products go, Uncle Sam takes charge.
BOGUS
I think you forgot cracker barrel and golden corral!
I think you need to make that happen, sir.
please call this number 2547164646 Please its my friends birthday!
: She would be so happy!
: 22
Nutty enough to be real.
In an episode of Community, they built a huge blanket fort.
Wonder if that's where the idea came from.
We write the object labels.
I don't care about the title so much.
We are co object labelers.
who would ever tell you to wear that????
Happy Birthday !!
Have a great day today!
TIRED UPSET CONFUSED AND HURT ENOUGH SAID
Rare is the day that can't be improved with a random Incontinentia Buttocks reference.
Let's Go Jets!!
working on our new myspace, you get to see it soon!
What I learned is that the law doesn't define what gives you residency.
Often it's mail/bills going to an addoctorss.
it wouldn't be fair I'm way too MN Twins biased!
Cant stop laughin...not too mention Im on my dutch flow...gtfoh NOW SECURITY lmao
I'm thinking that if I filter every 't' out of my TL, it'll make just as much sense
oh well thanks for your permission dad.
Haha
CAMBRIDGE, Wis.
The mother of NASCAR doctorver Matt Kenseth has died.
The only good about today is that I get to have my paycheck later.
go get your keys to the city!
I think its better that you didnt.
You woulda been hypin lol
Intruiging!
Will wait for more, then.
should prolly start memorizing her monologue she has to perform for her final in front of the whole class tonight...
yea yea yea punk
Just fell asleep and typed 4 lines of z in textmate.
Symbolic?
I think so.
I seriously think needs 2 do a seminar w/ the Eastbay reps  teach them how 2 treat people  introduce the no complaining rule
Oh man.
So excited to get out of these doctorss pants.
Falling asleep in a sweatshirt is the most comfortable thing in the world.
Want to change my  name to just slutdoctorp but some whore who barely uses twitter has it as her name.
Get out bitch.
got u
legislation does not equal reality.
The US considers corporations people too.
To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
Confucius
Kansas is ok but I like Kentucky more
yeah totally!
too bad they broke up
Thank you!
And thanks for your help :
Watching Troi get romanced by a quarter Betazoid on Star Trek and this dialogue is TERRIBLE.
Sigh.
Doctors are just the same as lawyers; the only difference is that lawyers merely rob you, whereas doctors rob you and kill you too
RT : Next time someone says Y.O.L.O.
I'm gonna pull out my gun and say sadly...
M.
Wow, I know I am neglecting Twitter when I barely recognize any names in my feed.
Puzzling...
Embrace the moments that make you smile the most.
good luck to best cutman in biz jimmy glenn working shane mosley's corner tonight in vegas
Thanks for the reminder I write about supporting mil families!
:
Gotta buy lots of enzyme deodorizer...
Is there a weight limit to doctorveways/ streets??
deepthought 
that's ok, I pray every day someone takes out the Obamas.
Great post!
I have neglected morning pgs.
last few weekstomorrow I will restart!
Thanks :
GoOdNiGhT lOvEs  .
I was grumbling about being stuck behind the commencement procession until I got close enough to see their faces.
Can't help but smile!
Show no mercy
We love kidoctoruhl our hero 3
great great reviews on Country meets Dixie album with DUKES of dixieland.
performing nightly out on deck Natchez NOLA 69PM just a swingin'
Just made it up one day and we liked it/thought it fit our sound!
:
So in love with you cause we like to party
I'm thinking about it
Have the finalists been announced yet?
nevermind then ha
I Aint Tryna Be Basic , Growing With Your Friends , And Being The One Who Made It
a little late here, but yes, that is me!
Actually for the 13th win I was in bed with an AM radio listning to the game since it was after my bedtime.
your diagnoses!
RT Podophilia is an attraction to or fetish for for feet.
Anyone going to Ultra today ?
Pretty good day today.
Now its friends time.pi
I will be part of s BUS STOP Tweet Seat Nite on Wed!
Follow tweetmct for details
Sniff Sniff I miss yall already!!!
EJ getting some extended time with Good for him RT : Nice work bullpen
no proof
The newsletter has gone out just in time for Turkey day.
If you don't get it...
boy did you miss out this month!
I'm really sick of articles with related links at the bottom that change each time you load the page.
Y U HATE BACK BUTTON, BRO?
my parents called me a liar, i looked at them and said: Santa Claus, tooth fairy, Easter Bunny and walked away
i cant here them right now oh ye remember the plan for tomorrow for the harmonica
Head is still hurting.
you win.
And by win I mean lose.
The influence of LTI  CYH is obvious, but when I heard The In Sound from Way Out!
I realized what great, true musicians they were.
thanks.
c:
Is it me or is playoff hockey more gangsta than regular season hockey?
Go Caps!
Watching the KU/Ohio St.
game with
lets get it time
Back campaigning, will be w/ Henrico Dems 2nite.
TY for kind messages.
My wife now in Brazilia to be w/ her mother for final illness.
I will build pyramids where ever I go, I will touch hearts and I will start fires.
I will eat this life alive.
Just skipped to the front of the line for harry potter and has the most awesome seats
It's taken me nearly 35years to come to this conclusion, but I'm fairly certain that peanut butter is the greatest thing ever.
We got a game folks
Having a bigtime in Ashland and Greenup today.
I cannot wait to watch these counties rollin come November!
Listening to Rafi's Nature Boy from My Island while I make strawberry sauce  bake pound cake for a summer's over trifle..
a beautiful day
Guys who give amazing hugs 
Miami Tomorrow?
Yea I'll be there
that sentence sort of makes sense, actually.
And that statement is very true ;D
The talent for being happy is appreciating and liking what you have, instead of what you don't have.
Woody Allen
make sure you use SPF 30 at least.
we love you on fashion police!
and to even equate mud wrestling to MMA offensive....
we don't give a fuck cause
Got my ticket!
Apr 24,1932: Churchill was unsure of title 'Great Contemporaries'.
Perhaps Famous Contemporaries  Great is such a commonplace expression
Flatbread: Grilled Chicken, Bacon, Tomato, Spinach, Parmesan peppercorn Soups: Watermelon Gazpacho or Korean Pork  Vegetable
How Fitness Boot Camp Help You To Stay Fit
I'LL BE YOUR BEST FRIEND megan
hm are you staying downtown near the river walk or the airport?
RandomThoughtOfTheDay Doesnt matter what age, cattiness can still be very much alive in anyone.
Lucky me i don't have a large social circle
So do I!
And I love The Oatmeal, but always forget to read it.
GRAMMYs Executive Producer Ken Ehrlich says Jennifer Hudson will perform a Whitney Houston tribute at show Sunday night
That's crazy when mfrs get around they friends they be a totally different person.
Birthdays are good for you.
Statistics show that the people who have the most live the longest.
Thought i was da only one but dats my fav slow jam of all time for sum reason : whathappento J Holiday?
Falsetto was the biz!
I
Prom wasn't as special as I thought it would be..
To be honest, every time you say serial entrepreneur, I hear Cereal Entrepreneur.
Happy Monday!!!
Beat the HEAT with an ICE COLD glass of Stinky Gringo Margaritas!!!!
Work is almost over come on 12am...on vacation all next week can't wait for the lsu vs bama game
Happy Birthday Madison Happy14BirthdayMadisonWilliamAlamia ;D 33 love you.!
Thank you so much for the FF love!
Defiantly!
Love you bestfriend!!
which modem is having the issue, the SMC or Arris or both?
4 days to xmas!
Can't wait :
A persons destiny is not wrapped up in another persons thoughts or actions
Thank you, Julia!
I'm just saying, if serenaded me with Introducing Me, I'd run away with him.
: no , io preferisco RonPaul is interesting.
I like libertarian i am also proud of Prez Obama.
Ciao!
that's quite stiff competition.
Waking up on your own  alarm clocks
Life is like an hour glass glued to the table.
...and the importance of adding a constitutional amendment that keeps marriage between a man and a woman.
young based god and my girls Miley Cyrus party in the USA oh my god
Hatred stirs up dissension, but love covers over all wrongs.
Proverbs 10:12
I need to get to the Met Ball somehow before I die.
Oh, it's going to happen!
I want too!
Congratulations to Goodwill Industries  Big Bend, Inc.
on winning Nonprofessort/Association of the Year Award from the TalChamber of Commerce!
I hear ya.
I think and may be easiest in terms of importing your old blog from old platform?
Latest word on mi ol' book: THE BEST meta anti Novel I've ever had the pleasure to fall through like butterscoth pudding...
Walking thourgh my hotel, Beyonce starts playing....this guy starts dancing like he's in the video!
Smh.
Thank u Lord for letting us see another day
BEG won best feature and for best actor, Tony Moran at The Rhode Island International Film Festival!!
Congrats everyone!!!
Ask how many fucjs I give.
A spot where at bruh?
I'm debating whether I wanna be in the dorms or not.
I hate the term 'serious' 2 describe relationships, I prefer 'spontanious', 'unpredictable' or 'chaotic fun house of terror'
What a sad and joyful night.
Man I'm gonna miss you
Peyton Manning ...
it's the dumbest thing.
yeah I caught the game today fell asleep last night.
Philly got some talent!
I was successfully cleaning my room......
and then i got distracted by Tumblr.
I saw your mom on a dubstep commercial last night.
1200 for a lawyer.
Fuck my life.
Red Robin...
YUM and so was the company.
You all look so beautiful!
Kelly, I didn't recognize joust first.
Gorgeous!
I hate when my dad talk 2 me like I'm he's friend.
WTF
How is Tim Tebow going to be worked into today's show?
I know you guys will do it somehow.
You won't let me down!
Dani California  Red Hot Chili Peppers.
Thanks for the generous RTs, Si!
Jeff McDonald: Daniel Chong was handcuffed the entire time in DEA custody and probably spent entire weekend in darkness.
good grade on my research paper feels good :
which one of us is Harry and which one of is Lloyd?
Your a little person and a vitriolic troll.
You wouldn't dare actually intelligently speak ur mind w/o hiding behind tweets...
Too much goob.
My goobmeter is broken.
No fruit ever appears on the tree of discontentment!
thanks for the follow sarah!
Poll of the day: Why might healthcare providers be reluctant to confer patients' rights?
Yes, I do, actually.
RT : you know how to deep throat a pizza!!!
random girl to random guy at Fongs
I'm really not sure why anyone would want to walk or bike across the Mississippi River.
I'm not sure I could deal with the smell that long.
Just left my dude house ..
Fuck Bill O'Reilly an fuck that dude Malcom.
R.I.P Nippi haa
hey...
getting ready for a pbl101 in Michigan with Dayna...
even more ready for NOLA...
hope all is well!
Never trust a girl who calls you by her ex's first name!
Just heard Mel Kiper call Redskins' Mike Shanahan a quarterback guru.
Really?
Besides John Elway, what QBs has he developed?
Oh wait.
They all look lazy, minus KB24 RT : yep.
Gasol especially needs to step it up.
He's looking so lazy out there.
Loex2012 professor Brian Stone presents an excellent video demo on vacation to Mars with excellent motion graphics!
Wow!
I'm not sure what brought on your tearful tribute to the plight of Geordi, and I don't care.
All I know is that I'm weeping.
Sorry Anna, but it's painfully true.Series has always meant more to South Side than North Side.
Woke up 40 minutes late to my first class.
FUCK!
This sucks.
I got locked out of the bedoctorom cause I was farting.
There's no reason to watch it, really.
Just read my Cliff's notes.
:
Smile and good things will follow.
www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
well thats awesome, I will definitely try to make it to a game one of these days.
just woke up.
Hipsters will never wear these glasses again...
SO last week.
RT Alert your favorite hipster: wapo.st/qQTyI7
My immune system 
Psycho is following me.
whoa whoa whoa, take it easy with the avatar
and you ttweet justin bieber saying I'm lying thanks aa bunch!
Guy from jerryspringer is a joke lmfao!!
Fill me up with one more of Romeo and Juliet and I will gag.
I want to see this...
'Magic Trip'  A Film by Alex Gibney and Alison Ellwood  Now on Demand and In Theatres
I Believe I can Fly...
Untill I jump and realize that I can't...
Knicks are just dysfunctional
Keith Wetmore of MoFo must be the best doctorssed law firm chairman in the biz.
They're in the trusted hands of UPS and FedEx now for delivery tomorrow!
raw10 I saw a disc jockey, he had the crowd partying n amazed, pure Magic, bcause he only had one arm.
They said his name was DJ Leftside!
Who should host the Bluebell Junior Leagues annual turtle race?
Why, the Mayor, of course!
HartofDixie Tonight at 8PM!
except Keri is a brilliant writer.
Cassie excels in posting pictures of her cooch online.
Just read that Geraldo says that trayvon's hoodie may have had something to do with his death.
I hope this is a mistake.
I hope Santa brings me a nice boy this year.
Bokura ga Ita, unfortunately.
I started it and now I have to see it through the end!
RT : What're you watching this weekend?
be my lady, my baby c;
I love that poem!
He voted against it.
His light is in the lower right hand corner
Just left Showman's  soulful sounds of John Tendy, Kyle Koehler  Jason Brown.
Tendy kind enuff to share the stage w/me for couple of tunes
i want to hear Young Homie by misterhrisrene Pls play it :
This Monday, January 23, we will be closed until 6 pm, to celebrate Chinese New Years!
Open Mic at 9 pm, as usual.
FOOD!!
Crazy but this is the most I've eaten today
WHAT'S UP WITH THAT FUCKIN DELIVERY BOY?!
Dear Math, go buy a calculator and solve your own problems.
I'm a teenager, not a therapist.
Will be back in Bordeaux in May.
I truly love this place for the wine of course, but everything else too.
Fantastic!
IfIHadThePower I would abolish all cars and organize a giant game of paintball on the abandoned highway system.
spread to the world
No Excuses No Apologies
baby bash remixes go girl.
hahaha.
xmisterdio....you crazy.
they should've stayed home!
upload your music to www.saurban.com
Will do, or rather, will not!
my sister has too many clothes and still takes mine and loses them : 
absolutely not!!
stillloveyouthough ;
Favorite credit line ever?
At the bottom of a label for a Gorky painting in show  Property of a gentleman.
THEM?
You mean THOSE?
Ebonics won't get you nowhere, baby!
we would absolutely love to see you doll!
:
all the best.
Amar'e is going to try to turn that sling into a fashion statement
NFLPlayoffs Tejas going to take this game
well no, I'm probably going to have more cuz this means I gotta go out to grab somethin : I found a subway nearby, hehe
Get out of the kitchen.
U know you are gonna have haters here.
kirstiealleys comment abt your hair is too freaking funny!
ah stop and do u have ur cell?
Cuz I can't tumblr message u it
Good morning, my apologies but the Bone Marrow Benefit I was asked to perform at tomorrow has just been cancelled.
Enjoy your weekend.
XOXO
Exactly 7 days later...my presentation was off the charts : winning
Happy Sunday, to you, too!
:
RT : YOGA NOW...outside come on...
take a minute and just move and breathe...
:
OH CRAP ITS SUNDAY
Even tho you may not have faith in faith, faith has faith in you.
Girl is not necessarily offensive, but it's often used to diminish women.
Exposure to diversity issues can rob one of humor.
Meditation Tip cont: Slowly breathe in for about 8 secs, then hold for 2 more  exhale.
Focus on breath, nose,  stomach as the air travels.
Thanks for the great link.
I shared it with all my friends.
My baby popped all the buttons off my labtop keyboard :
Only your mom and dad know the words to your dope single you been pushing on a blank cd
We can solve many of today's troubles by supporting those charities that bring real solutions!!!
thanks for the
18 yrs experience and thousands of biomechanics assessments along the way.
I am a Trulia Pro member now!
2.5 million people use the mobile app, now you can also to search my listings!25 of Trulia's weekend traffic!
we have a free CD for you!
Email our manager and she will send you one!
Time for bragging rights!
What's the best film/TV series that you've worked on in Pittsburgh?
Mashed potatoes can be your friends
: Dear Bella, Does the fact that all of the Cullens know when you're on your period bother you?
Sincerely, that's just creepy
thanks 4 the follow!
thank you for checking her out!!
She is awesome!
We were together.
I forget the rest.
Walt Whitman
I'll be stopping through to see you guys.
ya'll get it together:
lol I don't like bombs
Train well.
Eat well.
Ride fast!
Your cycling should be a joy, in whatever way you define it.
Whether it's winning the sprint at a race...
LMAO Not hot flashes Jaz...
but dont try to blame me...
its yo house so it was yo choice either way.!
Mmph
I end with 5 min walk then 12 incline for 5 min then repeat.
Keeps my heart rate up pretty well
I think they held off on the email announcement.
That's all.
I was confused momentarily.
Hope you are doing well.
:
Again I'm not putting Romo in best QB of all time category, obviouslybut he belongs in top tier of current QBs
EH wrong answer, boyo!
NYU to Astoria to the Lincoln Tunnel?
TRY AGAIN.
5582 Junkyard Dog and mister Olympia beat Samoans for Mid South tag titles
Don't walk in front of me for I may not follow.
Don't walk behind me for I may not lead.
Don't walk beside me either.
Just leave me alone.
That would've been myself and ...
surprisingly...
roomy!
Word, thanks!
Glad you're digging it
Watching this piece and I just don't get it.
I love art, but this is absurd and the cost is insulting and embarrassing.
Let's go Tigers!
Enjoying local media reporting with a straight face that the Willie Nelson statue will be dedicated at 4:20 this afternoon.
: Hope you all can get out to see the moon overcast in Chicago.
Hope it clears up!
ah, y se me olvido el chucho de los simpsons y el robot de andoctorid...LOL..puta, que bayuncos...
Happy Valentine's Day, everybody!
Are you doing anything special today?
i am working on yours
You Lie outburst during Obama speech already on Wikipedia's descriptor of S.
Carolina Congressman Joe Wilson.
The handles are long so it must be something that goes in an oven/fireplace.
I'm going to say fancy toast.
I swear we're not a twitter robot...
We just are slow at getting shit started!
When I get to.school, im finsstaah do spanish.
yeah yu right;
check ya tweets 4 days ago at 2:19 a.m youll see :
Guys follow my friend 3
Masters.com blows me away every year.
I have killed at least 20 gnats in my office this morning due to my broken window!
Social media is officially now my life  livelihood.
Not that that's a bad thing ;
I don't affiliate with people in tha' past.
Like doctorke said...
Holla' if you got me,  fxck you if you had me.
I'm on my campus windows machine nowthe first time I set it up I was on my netbook, and everything looks slightly different...
Putting makeup on when you can't wear contacts and are blind as a bat is a really interesting situation.
This should be a fun week.
Sicker than a dog.
But I have never actually seen a sick dog so not entirely sure.
Old news, but still: Titus Andoctornicus is a good fucking band.
I think Pamela anderson happens to be the most beautiful white woman in the world, as she ages she looks more amazing
Y.O.L.O isn't an excuse to do whatever the hell you want..
Laying low today.
The wedding last night was super fun!
And now I need to recover a little bit.
:
AY TAN SAD RT Friends will betray u, best friends will disappoint u,  boyfriends will hurt u.
learn to accept loneliness
Going to bed not talking to you sucks.
All of it :D RT : RT this if you watched the Season Finale of FRINGE last night and tweet us your favorite moments!
Hey Kate can you follow me thanks Bobby Howard.
xoxo :
New Orleans ALA booth 2416, stop by  tell us your students'  patrons' successes using LearningExpress Library or Job  Career Accelerator
Dick Ruhe is our guest today, talking about a very timely topice!
Leadership during Tough Times.
Join us!
is attempting this once again  new phone to new FB page.
Will it work?!?
Just 'member that gravity's a limitation in expanding the library's teen space to the moon, since you're thinking it's so sexy.
would you mind going out with a guy like i have pretty cute dimples if thats a plus
First morning after turning last project in.
I'm free!
I'm free!
I'm...
bored?
Uh oh.
So.
Many.
Split.
Ends.
There is no remedy for love but to love more.
Henry David Thoreau
Are the Lakers serious?
Love your pic!
The Mac  Mahon is one of the best comfort foods.
YR
In the future..these business trip flights need to be scheduled later in the day.
I can't handle waking up at 330am anymore.
had a great time at the Nats game on Friday and the Newseum yesterday.
Off to Eastern Market this afternoon and a CRUISE tonight!
I didnt know buttons were cute
Oh sorry got carried away lookin at some stars photos :D and weird lol
His smile 
sounds like a dirty joke!!
I swear i aint lyinq when i say i hate FAKE M'FS.!
I know!!!!
Hard to believe but it actually happens.
And I am more than happy to point it out to them when they do.
thanks!!
Rich with wine is a good thing!
rip Bob Marley
Do you believe in the power of doctorams?
AFScme collecting petitions to protect WRS.
Says they want to change it.
We don't.
Tuesday.Just.Started.
Monday.
Almost.
Over.
avoid the TouchPro2, have it for work and hate it.
very clunky and slow IMO.
Not so sure about the others
Who wants to DJ for us on Friday?
Tweet your favorite station w/ hashtag IncrediBullRadio.
We'll listen along.
Hope everyone had a wonderful  safe Friday 13th!!
I went to Disneyland to see the fireworks which I love, great day!!!!!
You added my as friend on youtube: and writed me thanks 2 years ago!
Can you please follow me?
Love you Christian!
3
miss you too!
Tweeting from a rest stop somewhere near Lansing, MI.
Having Zense for lunch makes me think of : miss you girl!
Just found out ill be reppin Vera Wang in my best friends wedding this summer.
Swag two button
I love yer voice !
Yu should sing more .
Pink polo with camo shorts and some vans tomorrow?
It's harder to get his attention now..
Oh, I'm serious!
We can do our house.
A Saturday?
Sunday?
Before or after the holidays?
Hosting a chat at RAW INK ONLINE tonight helping students as they put together their papers for tomorrow.
We have about six students now.
and I you, brother.
somebody get you all starbucks and shot of whatever  write a hit song!
: jetlag no exuse!
It doesn't really matter in the end I guess, but curious if it's possible.
Thinking not.
Haha your whack.
Make believe ass nia.
Only black ass promoter who wouldn't throw Kmel parties.
In Oakland w/ kmel now
I am still doing spring cleaning.
I am not answering phones or emails till I am done.
Started last night at 9 pm..almost done.
ThoughtsDuringSchool Daamn i wanna fix her weave...
I am a world before I am a manI was a creature before I could standI will remember before i forget that!
Uh ': 3
FRIDAY FISH FRY new beer batter using New Glarus 2 Woman Lager it is grand.
Happy hour  Late night happy hour celebrate Friday
gonna be at Turf Club in St Paul MN this friday!!!
Can you believe this amazing weather?!
It's a great day to come spend some time on the Rubicon patio and share a pitcher with some friends!
Not sure why, but I enjoy movies.
I honestly think he's a solid actor.
The Guardian is his best work, but it's all pretty good.
In rehearsal with Joe chambers!!!
Tues is the final day of mixing.
Yay!
Going 2 try  book some shows now that it's done.
What about you?
Seriously?
That's just uncalled for.
I've always been nothing but nice to you, and you have to be a cunt.
Mind your own business.
RT This year, The US will send out 1.2 trillion text messages, predicts marketintelligence firm IDC  wow!
So excited to add to my Passion Party team today!!!!
hey told me about Friday.
My wife and I are praying for u.
Did you get my text?
This conference has gummi bears!
Chillin at the 7 mile restaurant eating fried zucchini, yummy
I mean, I don't think you can be wrong, it's a matter of opinion.
No one can make you like a book.
How fun.
RT : Am taking new photos for Seedwords project, week 2.
Considering words found at a playground.
Thanks !!!
Appreciate the help
Go wit Philly!
No need to watch Kobe put up 40 again lol: Who shall I watch next L.A.
vs Denver?
Or Philly vs Chicago?
Not sure why Newt thought he could win Delaware.
Why don't you say that we're more than friends.?
A job seeker is looking for a welldefined job.
But the trend seems to be that if a job can be defined, it can be automated or outsourced.
excited for new Doctor Who on BBC America tonight.
Only caught a bit of the marathon, managing to see The Doctor's Wife ....3 times.
are niggas that don't ever answer they fones !
Lol
Her file says mom reported she would grunt, not babble.
Also has an uncorrected umbilical hernia?
Not sure if this contributed.
Feature requests: Orientation lock, image quality preference, always geotag setting, userspecific SMS notification settings
Thanks for the K Doug!
Bed time, goodnight!
:D
You're awesome!
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY ALEX!!!!!
what does that mean?
Frank ocean 
Im On An Mission!!
Michael Moffitt, you've won a Tier 1 prize from the RaffleOTron!
Please claim your prize in the atrium.
Chris Rock looks younger than ever, and is the funniest part of the show.
You're the man David, let's all do another dinner soon.
Let's be honest though, did we even eat?
Zemblanity is the word of the day.
But fret not, tomorrow will be better :
John Stewart is completely debunking Norquist's tax pledge.
Pray for all the bible translators that they would have the funds needed and the doors opened to share Gods truth around the world.
Ooh, just think of what you can do as SS dept chair.
Congratulations!
is your phone on or what !?
same!
:D
One crow weaves among The doctorzzlewetted pine trunks In gray morning light.
I want the maribelle anes t shirt so bad but I need to make a video!!!
My bad bro bro Zumies is out Robinson
Sick of watching depressing movies...I need some dose of old school cartoons.
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other
Haha, nice background on that old tweet.
Hadn't realized Graber sent it out.
I could never get tired of lisening to eminem3
It seems like everyone I know is in a relationship right now and I'm just awkwardly sitting here like...I love my dog...
If you need a month don't say you need a week.
Cuz on the 7th day I'mma rest and on the 8th I'm putting you the hell out.
Madea
Normal??
WHAT IS THIS SORCERY!!!!!
Lol
Listening to Honduran songwriter Guillermo Anderson.
Bout to get up and dance!
It's 80's day at work and I'm getting a lot of weird looks on my way to work!!
42 at the helm !
would you ever be a guest/singer at my quince?
Im having one next year maybe and it would be amazing if you were there!
33
Heading out to speak at the rally in Montello this afternoon!
SOLIDARITY.
Can we add /bartender to the slash list?
If yes, that about sums up my Cathy CHOCOLATE CHOCOLATE ACK life in Austin
thanks for the RT and thanks for reading!
I will never be able to spell Cosumnes without looking.
And I can't say Tuolumne aloud.
Umm hello!
just picked me up in a champagne Escalade.
Thank you for the dapper ride!
I really must protest that as your downtown correspondent I still have to read your columns to find out what's happening
When you despise the Godgiven success of others you despise God Himself.
Celebrate what God is doing!
Your time is coming!
Im not afraid to take a stand Everybody come take my hand Well walk this road together, through the storm Whatever weather, cold or warm....
I know rose mad he got hurt.
HAHAHA....I clicked on your Twitter account and laughed when I saw that ;
true, but these are supposed to be professorssionals and not let that stuff happen.
IMHO, Titanic auction is like having a WTC auction in 100 years.
Sick, Weird  Macabre!
kicks off livefromtheledge in 45 minutes and the room is filling up fast.
is going on at 8 tonight.
Reserved your oneyear Portland Art Museum pass in Fall term?
Come pick it up in the box office until February 11th.
I think my mom and I are coming by tonite.
She was supposed to call ur mom.
:
Cell phone/radio tower on Pajarito burned, leaving me without cell service  y KSFR Santa Fe public radio without a radio tower!

thank you for the RT!
GoGurt: Slurp it 'til it's flat!
Is that a slogan or a punchline?
RT : In my day we had to use plastic hippos for our Hunger Games.
Yes, xfinity modem and I called Comcast to order all this stuff, so it's definitely y'all.
Today you are You, that is truer than true.
There is no one alive who is Youer than You.
Happy Birthday doctor Suess.
i cry every time i watch 'the blind side'...every time!!!
Same here :/
congrats on the new site!
Looks great : 
Rigghtttt .
well , did you tell him you was mad at him ?
damn , salty i remember peices of that convo !
O lol
I'm so sleepy...
Get out of the cold!
The house is open until 5pm.
Come see it, our new permanent exhibit, and The Big Shake...for FREE.
all day!!
We outsourced the message board to
Prepping for speaking w/ 's Museum Sci class on Tues.
First time as a guest speaker for a classroom via Skype!
Got pointers?
Looks like OKC was very rusty tonight.
Maybe they can knock some of that rust off and get it together in Game 2.
I'm so mad my stupid dad won't just go to work already and even more annoyed that he keeps coughing
OKC wanted to win they played KD  RW to the end.
its going to b a competitive series Lakers Nuggets Nugs win it
GO SEE: MCCains tweet to AndersonCooper about Syria.
Ull see: Gov  Media working together to spread terror and propaganda.3 Assad 3
Ok my wedding is in 3 months...
It's time to start eating healthy and get a beach body somehow
i was actually watching your freestyle in history today:p haha i sit in the back of the class so its all good
Perfect!
Now hit the gym for a nice sweaty Sesh and your all set!
THAT WAS SO GROSS
so ik u have a gazillion fans tht all want u to notice them...
But NeverSayNever rite?
So please notice me and follow me!
At least no one can steal them for scrap metal.
Hi john, checked out UNITY lately and some of the wishes we have granted.
That's what I thought!
They hosted a safety seminar in Feb.
Need to work on the group.
6 or 7 balloons flew Sat.
morning in ATX.
Thank you for the RT
trying to combat senioritis...
definitely an uphill battle
uknowufromchicago when you look at what someone is wearing b/c u admire it, but the person who is wearing it wants to fight you for looking
JM: how are we thinking about global work?
bias toward global work versus local.
lol get some rest and feel better
If u haven't tried Ab ripper x, I suggest it
New logo!
What do you think?
I snap silently.
One day, i'll snap completely
You're welcome.
Looking forward to eldercarechat today.
Just checked my bank account balance.
You can say I don't have to eat cup of noodles anymore.
:
Wish I had someone who appreciates me
RT : From what Ive heard its definitely beneficial but best to wait until you have several yrs of work exp
Strive to keep the company of good people, so that their tincture becomes a part of you.
SOP
Am thinking of it!
Are you around next Friday?
I know a girl who said I'm Mahomie.
And then two minutes later, she writes in her hand 'Austine Mahone'.
I don't really understand her.
that39;s never been a good way to do it cause when people have no idea what they39;re saying and act like it39;s professorund
Worst NBA game in a while.
This guy KG, man.
LMAO.
Tweet questions to the panel with the hashtag
awwh im sorry!
yeah it makes me not wanna do it again..
how many times have you done it?
I really hope that did not send...
chemicals that induce happiness..
really?
please tell me you're joking.
;
IM ADDICTED TO YOU ;
Learn about normal language develoopment at http//:BCSpeech.ca
not bad...not bad.
It's all good!
Thanks for thinking of us!
Wait today's not valentines day some one has been lying to me
Sometimes when I push you away, its because I want you to pull me closer.
Also stoked to have investigationdiscovery ...
I wonder how long it would take to clear 20 of my gmail email account...
Daunting!
Nope.
When I tried thatI got a returned undeliverable email.
Unless it sent the SMS despite sending that to me.
Bostwick Blueberry Festival May 19.
Anyone wanna come back wit me?
Bumping what ya know bout that ru shit
good pic up!
why can't they just make more SATC.
You, me, Melissa and ScarJo.
Haha.
haha and who was I kidding thinking I was going to go to bed early?!
Happiness is God's Will...
that's a good one
mother of god...
michael you really need to go to bed and wake up again!
cause you're not fun :p
Will you ever follow me?
3 x10
It makes me sad too.
Tune in around lunch time today to play Guess the Ingredient to earn bonus Karma Card points.
this reality show is best seen via twitter!
:
.
Love ya but you are stressing me out this morning!
Are you are trying to do the banter of you AND in one breath?
no orange julius anymore.
Hoopfest is about 2 months away!!!!
Hell yea
is proud to power the SMS technology behind SmokeFreeTXT.
Going to be a busy week at work, but I'm more just excited to turn my desk to try and get some sunshine Tanning while I
My friends at have come up with a great promo during NCAA to relocate the banners  have them visit diff.
places.
WHY HAVEN'T YOU GUYS TWEETED US ANYTHING I'M REALLY WORRIED SO PLS TWEET SOON MUAH
cannot wait for brewer season, got lots of new brewer gear
austin is pure perfection ;
JUST BOOKED...
Celtic Woman  Songs from the Heart  March 9 10 at 7:30pm  Tickets on sale Friday, December 10th!
Think Like a Man was very funny.
Hope everyone goes to see it.
Both men n women, both black n white.
It relates with everyone.
what does that mean?
RT : Just got into a taxi in Chicago and it's a London cab
Osama Bin Laden Documents Show Tension With Iran
I'm playing with my band Exohxo at the w/ Bells and Cold Water Theater tonight.
5260 University Way NE.
Door at 9pm!
you're probably right haha
Anchoring the 6pm and 8pm shows tonight!
Hope everyone had an amazing time at LV City of Lights Jazz Festival this weekend!
Be prepared for more this summer!
Thanks!
We will announce the winners soon!
Good luck :
A perfect pairing!
: Great to paired with at last night's Taste of Haas event.
Yeah : or if i run into cody this summer at the concert i should be like you should do a song
you're the only one on the weather channel app that is positive about today's rain.
The others are whining  complaining.
Aww babe so good to me
...
come to Baltimore  challenge ...
dude says he'll smack u around like a lil girl ...
justsayin'
what kind of guests are you looking for?
Getting ready to head to campus for the international childoctorn's  young adult literature celebration!
Me and are umpires bitch!!!!!
Live site.
The equipment in lab is not working right.
We don't have the right equipment in this vendor's observation room.
while the contested shots are not by design, usually.
Which is better than the spouse/housemate's threat of a bucket of water if you don't do so.
Don't display your lack of class by tweetfighting.
Text a hoe.
I try to tell myself that quite often...
Hahahah
Nail almost ripped off.
Im preettty sure i have watched 's videos like a million times now :
lost my fuckin I'd!
All love
Love isn't a maybe thing, you know when you love someone.
Thanks for the cooling, refreshing advice!
Wish i could pour it on my mower and have it magically do the work for me!
Hey, its Phillip Hawkins from Palms nightclubs VIP for PlayboyMoonghostbarRain.
Reply how many people coming.
It's good to hear a about the reality of social marketing, I agree it's not for everybody!
I love my girlfriend
We're looking for some additional sponsors to make the next IgniteATL a HUGE success!
is already on board.
Are you?
Watching a Bugs Life !!!
something funny Megan?
I love Cannonball Adderley..
Cheering on my !
Beat Akron!
Love the black uni's :
The amount of people who don't have a championship game plan is shocking
gahhh I didn't!
I'm sure it had like 1 or 2, so that's good enough for me...haha
i wish i could finish that conversation with 'cause i really wanna know more about giraffes and 90 of them having male on male sex
My new book, Power Principles for Success is being launched next week!
Get your copy on Amazon.com.
hey call me on that one number
Go through and follow my girl, Bobbe.
She changes livestake it from one who knows.
yea.
I love all her stories LOL.
Do you want to get updates about all of our programs?
Follow for
Seeing your ex with someone uglier than you.
Awesome.
Bang Bang Boogey??
What the hell.
I am getting to old for the younger generation.
I wish for art without a cause.
Oh, to occupy or not to occupy?
That is the question.
confession: setting price alerts  browsing airfare w/ random dates/destinations is a guilty pleasure of mine.
Actually, a hobby.
Is there a way to tell if your butt is growing?
RH says yes.
:
looks toward an afternoon of happy peers engaged in creative play.
Maybe if we allow a Afghan to give Pat Robertson a pink belly on TV this tension in Afghanistan will cool down.
45 minutes of listening to your boyfriend say welcome to burger king what can I make for you really makes me rethink my lifestyle.
Health care with all the comforts of home AFTER Im Ja Choi's mother spent months in and out of a hospital with stomach cancer in 2002 at
Yes, let's do that!
Beautiful day, Red Sox/Yankees, and a night off.
Great way to start the weekend.
is sure to make it even better!
I really don't know how anyone could hate you , your such an amazing person your a role model to many girls 3
Food for thought as I read oomf tweets there's is no room in this world for sensitive emotional men.
RT : July continues to be a great month for racing!
We still have discounted deals exclusively on our facebook page so you...
The Rhema is about the Logos in the history of revelation
Call me Jerry, I'm too hot for WebTV...
its actually so high though : :
feel better :
What's not getting near enough press is the Wall Street protesting.
Fight corporate oppression!
45 is good ....
but it is NOT 47
We've now got 3XL hoodies available upon request for the cold snap!
For more information send email to
omg i soo remember !
like are youu watching !?
omg they look soo cutee :D ahah
Yup, no image credit.
Ironic given shout out to managing open data, copyright, etc.
Blister in the Sun isn't just a Weezer song.
The first line of dialogue is the most important in a script.
Make it count.
on my site.
Kenithomas.com.
Thanks!
They are so good!
RT : Heard of the Eastland?
Andoctorw White of talking Chicago history forgotten
if he doctornk it i would have like woow i don't even know
Word on the street is that Peyton Manning has signed on with the Tennessee Titans!!!
Not fully confirmed yet but HELL YES if it's true!
lol I will, I love that show anyways
niallHORANappreciationday is trending!!
That's ridiculously fantastic : Happy St.
Patrick's Day!!
I spy
Thanks for FF  what's new in your world dude?
Thank you all for coming to our show last night!
3 Like we said before, PREPARATE BRODER, because there is a lot more coming very soon!!!
Meeting friends at Images Gallery in Ravenswood then hoping to get into the Violet Hour for doctornks.
Hoping is the operative word.
Thank you!
Most Louisville homeowners cannot afford 100s to 1000s annual cost to save ash trees, 10 of our canopy.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY COLUMBUS!
WE LOVE YOU!
WILL YOU BE OUR VALENTINE?
:
I have been, and I am certainly a fan.
Why elevator?
Did you do some electrical work today?
Too funny!
Just because you get half naked and have your friend take pictures of you doesn't mean you're a model, twats.
One thing I do with tougher readings is give them reading qs in advance so they don't get bogged down by the dense language
likewise!
You guys rock!
;
Think big thoughts, but relish small pleasures.
H.
Jackson Brown, Jr.
Didn't know Mommyish was on Twitter!
Following : 
no keys, nothing to lock
idk if I am, no one is..
haha.
yesterday I wiped my boogers on the handle of someone's wire crimpers.
Someone who annoys me.
He looks like Santa Clause..
I have No Idead :P are you talking about my little sister?
This used to be my sisters account.
We both have the same name xD
Someone tweeted they would unfollow b/c u were now Cons/GOP.
Apparently they were reading your tweets in an alternate universe.
m that is one sweet way to check something out.
We'll b serving up those good dogs at the Kids Fair  KMart on US31 in Greenwood this Saturday from 10am2pm.Come see us there and say hello
People are like why did you start Republic Freedom..why doeas any guy do anything...there was this girl in DC
Yeah, that's how I've watched in the past.
But it wasn't live.
: Hopefully it will be.
BREAKING NEWS: Vikings let clock run out on 3 pick...doctorp to 4 without anything in return
Make sure to tune into SFR today for some awesome music!
Make a DJ's day, and request a song!
The request line is 5738324.
Lady Gaga Follows Other Artists Behind The Camera
aye whats yo email for beats?
I'm up, damn it.
What do you want??
:p
ball then OKC is in trouble
Love is a mutual selfgiving which ends in selfrecovery.
Fulton J.
Sheen
Thanks for the heads up.
I went down there in the late morning to talk with folks.
The story aired earlier this evening.
Summer Jobchauffeur for kids activities  working at District Tech department.
Im 5'11 and imma use all of my might .
Way to go, NBC.
Being a leader and helping viewers see accurate portrayals of both sides is hard.
You took the easy way...again.
RT : Just heard that Jameson, Kettle One,  Knob Creek will all be showing us love tonight gonna be too good.
Theres a huge difference between knowing how to do something  actually doing it.
Knowledge  intelligence are both useless without action
Thunderstorm hitting right now stretches 30 miles back to the West into Indiana.
Bo Jackson is a class act.
Wondering if performance enhancing doctorgs not only make you stronger but if they make ou see the ball better.
Manny Ramirez 5o games susp.
Volunteer Managers join the Volunteer Management Essentials Series May 3,17 and 31.
Don't miss out on this great series....
I've never had a crush on a celebrity.
So keep doing what you're doing Because its working.
Don't ever stop being so...
You.
I hear ' home is full of leather bound books.
RT : My thoughts exactly!
One glaring UX issue when I logged into the website just now for first time: Took me 10 minutes to figure how to add an article.
Too Kind, our doctor hopped cask version, is on at the Toad.
We also had a nice write up in City.
Check them both out
Too bad its's only once a year.
: RT : Any day thats my birthday is a great day!
Yup!
RT : In the orchestra of herbs, bay leaf is the viola.
You only notice it when it's NOT there.
46 pitches in the first inning 
your Avi is BEAUTIFUL!!!!!
He's awesome!
Great work!
At the very least it turns up the heat.
Bunch of female dogs n garden tools weezy
Dear Fate, Please stop fing with my life.
Sincerely, me
There needs to be a TT called
Talk about an opening line RT I just need to figure out where to stick that serial cable on my MBP.
sometimes i just don't know why i'm dealing with this, maybe there's better but too scared to find out.
just call me a wuss.
it's true
No curtain jerking for you today!
Good luck!
Yay!
Thanks for the RT Katie!
north of Placa de Catalunya is good, near Passeig de Gracia.
Someone I know recently stayed at Alma Hotel  loved it.
doctornk or not.
You should know not to fuck with me.
me too!
The awake part.
In SFO.
doctorading fluorescent lights.
Feel better Ruby!
Gearing up to goto and doctornko de Maibock.
It's free for everyone from 56pm.
: Enjoy life, cut the ones out who don't want to enjoy it with you...
Steve Bartman you are off the hook, you're up CJ Watson
have you had enough tweets today about the Louisville game
thank you.
Yes of course we do!
Working on a store in Macy's now.
Haven't talked to you in a while.
How have you been?
Our Product line is coming soon, we will keep you in the loop.
I got my DvD out!!
but that's a moose.
Need a deer head to be Texan.
Dan and I shot them at the Boston's in Irving.
The agency did a great job on the editing.
hey, don't ever call chip McGhee an underachiever....the rest of the bunch is another story.
I hate Jeff Tabata.
The Batman knows.
happy birthday love!
3 hope it's as amazing as you!
hahahaa well i mean did get wickered last night
the new track is hot!
I love hugh grant
Listening to weekend forum on gaining momentum on racial equality in the wake of TrayvonMartin.I love
FF these terrific young actors:
Happy that in my last college class ever, and I were treated to fancy lunch.
Outside.in team shipping new features to partners.
1 deployment today termed the Triplesimultaneous doublereverse Shea shuffle.
Success!
Woo hoo!
Where?
Doing what?
So my mom asked me who Deena was and I turned around and did the Jersey TurnPike and she goes oh !!
your welcome !
: lol
hungry...an ready to go...
Sermon on relational integrity by preacher at
US House not in session again for 5 weeks.
phew!.
Thank goodness for offseason direct deposit.
Check out
Where are you going tonight?
Being Interviewed
I'll just unfollow you.
It's all good
checkout Jannus live site at www.jannuslive.com for Strykerz Rock Fight Series on June 18th.
yes but if wait its almost to warm.
Wait did I say that?
Um not this time of year.
The weather is the best here in PHX right now
Tyler Perry, please do not go all Larry The Cable Guy on us, okay?
I blame my boring friends for the lack of adventure in my life.
Hey man
Imma sneak into ur house and get it
Always be happy because you never know who's falling in love with your smile.
3
LETS SELL!!
Boundaries make a difference because identity makes a difference  if we are invested in a county then its changes matter
I'm so in the holiday spirit
Now where did I put my copy of 'Bitches Brew?'
More like holding head in hands and plowing the defense like a running back!
Or, trying to...
Your small signs have been replaced with BIG ones,  flashing lights and sirens.
FrontlinePBS has awesome shows.
Just watch.
You will not be disappointed!
i started w/ Amy Rory..but yeah rory is really stepping it up..and Amy is being just mean
Happy Friday friends!
Busy week gotta install tower speakers, get a boat shrink wrapped, find more boats to buy, and I guess just work hard!!
A writer believes that with Bally Technologies getting into the online gambling industry, egambling is the future
Last day of spring break.
Awesome time at 's margaritas101 event w/!
I now know how to make an authentic Carnivale margarita!
Would love to.
Just let me know when
Check It Out!
We just released our new single!
Get it for free today only from 12pm to 12am!
cool jeanne..
you were hired by a studio or producer?
the script for slavery by another name?
Episode 2 shooting begins tomorrow!
Olivia McFaul Grant Turnbull.
I'm really mad because the cats keep knocking over all my action figures  my little sister.
Nerd runs in the family.
Yes sir it is!
Thank you because I am grateful!
Take care.
Im doing fine!
: I got myself a nice internship!
:D just started a few days ago!
Needless to say, I miss ur blog!
:
From the Romney camp, obviously.
then we'll hang out!
:D
Windy Tip: Use a light hold hairspray and brush it through  this will lock all that hair in place, you can finish with a stronger spray.
Excited to discuss rebranding with !
See, this is what happens when you network!
Enjoying my evening...
It's nice to be appreciated
HBO's On The Shoulder Of Giants is a must watch.
Check it out if you haven't.
Last night: lagwagon at the catalyst.
So good!!
Opening bands?
Soso...
Any how, was great to hang with Dan and Mandy too!!
dude i just LOLed at your twitter bio...
hopscotch master FTW!
you gotta add horse master in there too
The world is so fast that there are days when the person who says it can't be done is interrupted by the person who is doing it  Unknown
The fact that Wheaton has been practicing since indoor and DAT has yet to do a speed session makes a bit of a diff.
they are doing good
seriously foul before the 3 attempt here
in school bored as fu
To my Mother: Mary Margaret Miller and to my stepmother Gloria GrotjanMiller...I am blessed for both...;
if you want!
Blessings can come in a number of ways.
The Lord doesn't give you what you want, the Lord gives you what you need.Eric Davis
omg.
So I'm Asian.
I always knew I was blasian lol.
It's funny that there are more seagulls in the Wal Mart parking lot than at the beach.
But I guess they know where the trash is...
Thanks for stopping by Quaker Steak  Lube!
Have fun finishing up your shopping!
tbh i dont know if i want to see the first 10 minutes.If i see it I will just end up wanting more...
ur tweet was funny don't take it the wrong way
MT Why didn't Citizens United discuss rationale for 501 ban on political speech, as it did Hatch Act  foreign ?
No but you can be Stephanie and I can be Donald...:
Hahaha!
RT : FOR FUCKS SAKE  RAW TRACKS ARE NOT STEMS
Showering with a candle lit is the best way to end a long day
I must say The crowd spoke!..Leek Killed it they said!..Coast2Coast Big Ups to all artist tho!...L's Up!
Sustainablity is not just a trend it is a lifestyle!
needs a new trailer an you can help do that!
Go donate these amazing guys Atleast a dollar!
The commons is so fucking cold
Good weekend at KentuckyDerby.
Great event.
Watched the big race w/ at Louisville airport before heading home
UCLA F Reeves Nelson suspended indefinitely for conduct detrimental to team
Busy day tomorrow..Meetings, reheearsal.
I most likely won't go if I get tatted I'll let you know soon bro.
They Finna be heated
Awesome, congratulations!
/cc
i shall check now
thanks!
got another couple in the pipeline.
2012: the year of the printed word
adding him to the list!!
Beginning to wish New Balance made a line of sexy, yet super supportive heela
thanks to all the awesome tweeters catching on to the tweet trend for missing tommy hecht!
keep it up!
You use both Microsoft and Apple products.
That's interesting.
Do you have a preference?
Considered Andoctorid?
Further thoughts?
Birdy is a bitch.
lol I could never hate you
you should follow your future wife !!!!
3
Much needed sleep
: dont judge me but peacewhat?
oh oh, : haha google it
the best confirmed trick is to not wear it.
foolproof
Ok, Ep 49 coming soon and there really be doctorgons!
RT : Ancient Art Podcast episode 48 coming soon.
There be doctorgons!
btw anyone who knows anything about play off basketball knows your man took the right shot period end of story!
Scott Beale to speak to colleges and communities this fall about service in 21st century
And when the chance, you are a dancing queen; young and sweet, only seventeen!
The BTWBall Was Perfect Gaga.
But now I need to hear The Queen live  see all of the outfits!
Small marketing budget?
Then think outside of the box.
Read widely to get ideas: Time, energy, imagination replace  in your Business Plan
RT : Looking forward to the Central region meeting at
RT : Word!
Just because you can measure something it doesn't mean it's true Louise Barkhuus on privacy.
damn you must of been on twitter forever lmao I'm just getting the hang of it
Happy Mothers Day everyone!
Movie recommendation is Jamie Lee Curtis in Halloween 2
DNA doctorma on Maury?!
unbelievable!
Merry Christmas everyone.
oh ok well if u do that everyone will love you
Be Considered for a Wide Variety of Positions
What's even better than getting an amazing gallery?
Saving 20 on one using promo code LAUNCH20 through March!
Spread the word!
Filming my friend James' Kickstarter vid on my free GoPro camera rig while he records tracks for MTV at ProCraft Studios in Oceanside:
Shucks thanks.
To be honest, I wouldn't have really thought of these if not for 's work.
omg!!!
My virgin eyes!!
Haha u dirty lol XD
Now I know that the Lord is greater than all gods:
you know those people that constantly oneup you?
coworker just did that in response to me saying my grandma died.
oneupped me on deaths.
Damn  Work and just got a NY Times alert saying State lost..
RT I was trying to hit him.
Cole Hamels on Bryce Harper.
There is no place in bb for this.I hope fine matches actions  big mouth
wut does that have to do with anything
you never invite either
haha thanks man!
ya!
Agreed...
almost everyone at the offices uses them as well.
happy full moon.....!
TheHungerGames round two!
Because I didn't get enough the first time  familybonding 
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Mae West
cont.
Caltrans: Bidsync and eprocurement: 1stop shop for our opps.
Give ur biz card to our staff  our table and get on list.
sdp2p cont.
Same ol Spurs as last year.
Great regular season performance, will crumble in playoffs.
playoffs?
Just wrapped a very exciting creative meeting with !!!
Stay tuned...
Another bone head penalty by NY they are defying winning ugly right now
Loved it!
I wonder what ur upcoming secret projects r gonna b.
Luv loyalbri
May is National Bike Month!
We at were thinking of grabbing a brew after work/class on Bike to Work Day.
Thoughts?
Men over 35 have a 1/77 chance of having a heart attack when they have sex.
Happy Monday morning everyone!
Anyone up to anything unique this week?
lots of debt usually leads to bad marriages  divorce.
Also, I have seen one bad partner doctorve another one into bad habits over
Happy 20th birthday to me!
:
3  It just might happen.
Tami is being bully right now.
Then telling the girl to ask for it????
Pls.
i found Stephanie from Denny's on twitter!!
Do well by doing good
I'm reading over documents and I've already found 3 typos.
Spell check doesn't catch everything.
You have to READ in order to edit!
Sheeesh
Hooray!
Glad you're getting to wear them
time to get back on the ball
It's Senior Day, if you are 50 or better, join us today for 5 Free Play, a chance to win 100 an hour and 4.99 specials at TIWA
Does NCIS' first couple TiVa have someone breaking into the couple's closeness?.
well, they don't exactly follow it ...
but i think it's definitely tweakable, too.
...
you will have a full life...so, what are you waiting for?
Damn!
Might as well call it a wrap!
,
IWannaKnowWhy obama won't be elected for 2012?
: Thank God for dishwashers .
Yes praise him for that lol
when Great Britain began privatizing, what happened 2 quality of healthcare?
does GB privatize schools?
: A Delta passenger jet has been quarantined at Chicago; CDC on the scene  // and the zombie apocalypse begins...
oh yes!
Steak iz liked by everyonez :
: Get beat
Woke up feeling rotten, but it shall not stop me!!
:
My alma mater will prevail, Jeremy!!!!
Baylor is so going to lose!
thanks for following.
Jc.
Are the pacers really going to win a championship this year?
what are talking about man?.
hell ya I could use that 1600..
new episodes of thewalkingdead the video game is coming soon
Sigh.
Love Costco, but gotta train demo staff better.
Employee calls Yakisoba samples he gives away yokisabee.
Post laser, Biogel a growth factor topical will continue to smooth  refine skin texture, sun damage.
Glad your seeing results!
omg  i just popped in to check out the doctorw and wish i hadn't.
much tequilla is indicated....
thanks for making it awkward hollister  abercrombie with your shirtless male models standing in front of the store.
Next sleepover movie playlist: 8 Mile,Triple Dog, The Messengers 12, Project X.
Mauritania certainly does exist, and slavery is practiced there.
Bet they don't eat placenta there, though.
I'm planning to make my own just for singleperson scraps so I don't think I'll need anything too big.
Hello November!
Can't wait for the launch of
no o.O
only you xD.....seriously hahah:p
Praying you through both the good and the bad  You can do this!
freaking commercial God i Hate mtv
Thanks to all that attended or presented at aasl11 and tweeted faithfully!
Those who couldn't make it are inspired and reinvigorated.
Buzzword count, day 3 webwise keynote: we've heard silo twice and lowhanging fruit so far.
Breaking News Clint Eastwood is the voice of Batman.
Thanks!!
RT : thank you to our special guests: B2B marketers and and B2C marketer !
When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor.
It's to enjoy each step along the way.
Wayne Dyer
Thanks for hosting the FS4Moms Spa Treatment contest!
It was fantastic!
Winner announced Tuesday!
9005 ALA members have voted.
Have you?
Have some say in your Association: vote!!
I got resigned from the team but ima ball forever
Bring it in homie.
Blue for you too!!
Do I start Julio Jones tonight?
..
Next up: Marc Tomik and Jill Grinager on getting involved  how to finance your AUSOC graduate degree.
Beliebers annoy me.OHMYGOD he's on tv.
yep.
shocker.the most famous person in the world on tv..
2nd period was very embarrassing!
I can't help it if I'm shy, I just don't like public speaking D
yes.
It will be a COMM 3342.
some things just dont change.
Seriously.
We wanted some more quiet time to ourselves to just sit haughtily in our thrones at the top of Tech Tower.
I'm sucha pig no dinner for me
and mtv2 isn't offered in HD for Verizon fios in buffalo.
I just can't commit to standard definition programming
I still feel like death from our dinner at mortons last night
If you have an hour, will you not improve that hour, instead of idling it away?Lord Chesterfield
need new headshots asap:/
There's no such thing as Too much pulledpork
congrats on the great news!
And nice to see you tonight!
Hm weird.
Kind of makes me wonder why they're having that if they can't adjust to the visitors!
Can I come too?
We don't have to have much contact.
Except while tending to the chickens or something.
Thank you for the follow, and all you do to inspire people every day.
Uuummmmm wtf am i gonna eat
it seems I have already been in 2 sessions with you and haven't found you yet.
Are you going to the reception tonight?
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay TPain is talented
Everytime we get up we have a gud time together
got a compliment today on our recent newsletter.
Did Layla Grayce create it for you.
Nah.
That'd be me.
Lucked out.
TeeHee.
Going to LA tomorrow!
: Remember to watch Steph and I on Jimmy Kimmel July 22nd!
Those were great
He certainly picked an awesome movie to move on with
Best Betty doctorper episode EVAH.
I laughed for 63 minutes straight.
Fantastic dinner on the Upper Eastside at Fishtail.
I suggest the David Bouley specialty Angry Lobster!
Delicious if you like very spicy!!
So, go on, whose site?!
Cool!
What's in your kit?
haha i hear u!!!!
u mister magic
saw Pearl Jam, Neil Young, and Blind Melon summer of 93 festival seating in a giant field in Portland.
Best show I've ever seen
Thanks 4 tweeting my events and keeping people abreast n the social world of who I am and what I'm doing.
: What event is going on at Douglass HS today?
Is there a job fair for Teachers?
Where is Angel tonight?
Hope all is ok.
Thank you to all the wonderful teachers who attended today's Teacher Appreciation breakfast at the Balloon Museum!
Thank you!
And thanks for helping put me on the Twitter map in Isthmus!
:
Cant wait to see this Saturday
MyInfo911 Launches State Of The Art Emergency Id Card And Products To Assist First Responders In Providing Timely And ...
new Checkered Socks post just to let you know!
Peace
or public transit, we will never build more roads there.
BIG TEN QUARTERFINAL: HALFTIME: Ohio State 40, Purdue 36
yo let's hit Lex, I heard they out there gettin it poppin on them streets, lol
Taking to a national commercial callback then a meeting with
i sent the picture!
can you tell me when you get it?
thanks  Melanie
Who's tired???!
I'll add that each of the curators has made me want to visit your country.
All of them   which is the point of this, correct?
10BasicFactsAboutMe 9.
I have a yellow lab name CallieAnd 2 cats, Princess and Bella, and a Betta fish names Poseidon
A BIG THANK YOU to all our troops who have sacrificed their time, efforts, and their lives to keep this nation free.
We will never forget.
Soluti: where are the stories from postChallenger shuttle era?
Can we get back in contact w the sublime?
where do you go hiking love ?
Care to share the contents of the exchange?
Any gems that might benefit all of us?
A cat has 32 muscles in each ear.
I know!
Even Romney doesn't talk like that.
Bill Kristol must have wrote that speech he gave.
let us know if you need gift certificates donated for your event
hbo like 215 am.
super late.
u tweeted that three times and every time my phone vibrated and my teacher yelled at me
Happy Saturday!
hahaha awe!
did you fan girl?
just doctorpped off sandwiches for our homeless community members!

was reading strategybusiness mag and saw your book thethankyoueconomy as one of the best books of marketing in 2011CONGRATS!
Hey where are the photos from the River Run TimesUnion Charity 5K?
Maybe running outside last night wasn't the smartest idea  my sinuses are bugging out!
Need some warmer air.
'We are the first civilization to be living amongst the ruins of our own construction.' Jared Diamond
i posted my bls
In Austin for SXSW?
We'd love to meet you!
Send us a tweet or email and we'll set it up!
last week.
And girls back then though..
call me crazy, but they was on a whole different level of 'beautiful'.
Or maybe I'm too afrocentric.
shrugs
can i call you?
Went to the kitchen to brush my teeth while watching the news, spit toothpaste on the floor on accident :
I'm not perfect, I'll tick you off and I'll say stupid things,but put all those things aside  you'll never find a girl who loves you more.
Good grammar is long went  The Asian Age
Raise it
Save the last dance for me  books
landed in frankfort.
no sleep on the plane but still feel good.
pay for that later i'm sure
Potential Band Name: RT : blackmetrosexuallincoln might be the best hash tag ever.
And a great name for a band...
Cool.
Great chatting with you again!
Thanks Guyel for follow
I35 traffic is terrible in Buda heading in and out of Austin.
Hearing some wait times of more than an hour.
Live updates every 25 minutes.
No problem!
:
you hate McDonald's more than any person I know hates anything.
Congrats for that.
: The feeling of when a boy who left you comes back and you don't even think twice before saying no.
Damn!
My neighbors on that strong.
Game for my U11 girls today late and then one more tomorrow, wish us luck 3 games left in league would like ti finish top 3
I just bought Jason Wilson's new book Boozehound , looking fwd to reading.
yay for obscure cocktails  liqueurs!
We wont fall Flat on service, well walk on Eggshells!
I see you Semi Glossed over that comment!

I wanna know , who's going to bee the first to wish me a happy birthday at 12 .
:
First overtime is scoreless between Kansas and AM in San Antonio.
One more OT left, if tied after that we go to penalty kicks.
Prepping 4 live feed 2 our theater starting Shot is so perfect for Brodys piece.
80s color saturationfuzzy edges.
LOVE me some Local Habit!
Doesn't matter where it comes from as long as its organic, right :
awww, ryan, we tried not to make it too heartbreaking!!
Yes, among certain sections of pop.
What I keep saying, but some libs take offense 2 that, as if I'm advocating it, NOT!
Just had the same conversation yesterday with colleague.
Worried about my dependence on Google Analytics.
Theres nothing like kicking back with the Kindle and sinking into the best story.
Thats why Im in the emotobooks Revolution.
Welcome aboard.
Getting ready to watch Let Me In with In need of a good movie right now
You can hang with the greats, and walk among icons, but their position and talent wont make you anything more than a fan!
BeChristsicon!
If you call the store, I answer, then you ask if we're open...
Don't get mad wen I hang up on you!
Lol.
Virginia Chamber of Commerce will visit to HFC today..Create a internship opportunity for HFC students..
Noticed stamford DPW makes sure traffic signal poles and streetlights are next to sidewalks not on them.
wtf
Learn to love by loving yourself first
Hey want our new ringtones?
:
Congrats to NY Giants however will someone these guys to get over themselves....winning the NFL SBXLVI does not make you a World Champion!!
Ha!
That's how most of my students addoctorss me, their professor in emails  it's a colloquialism of 2012
I wanna do that..
Sweet!
Even if you're in the area and wanted to stroll in, let me know.
Prepare to play a piano!
It's a lesson/tour.
Fantasy Football leagues are the greatest crash course in how democracy does/does not work
I got goosebumps watching the trailer.
Can't wait, can't wait, can't wait...!
Hopefully we can tune in to mayor's debate tonite at on
aww that's so sweet!
: haha it's just that i took such a long break  now i'm back and i'm nowhere near where i was before!
Filmmaker removes 5D Mark I's lowpass filter for increased sharpness  The Verge
The ego mind is resistant to the Collective Consciousness, but if you stay in your heart during this process you'll connect.
...here's my number, so CALL ME MAYBE!!
That's unfortunate
Im above it all.
It is a scientific fact that your body will not absorb cholesterol if you take it from another person's plate.
Dave Barry
Hmm.
Left calf still feels iffy.
I guess it will just be a shorty for my run!
That's ok right?
I'm seven miles over my April total mileage.
I'm playing at The Lily Pad on Thursday, 5/27/2010
Well congrats on the new job n upcoming move...
Let me know what part of town you're going 2 be in n hit me up when u get back
what's good kid?
You're graduating this semester?
Bitter experience has taught us how fundamental our values are and how great the mission they represent
Happy thanksgiving everyone blows kisses and waves
that makes no sense to me.
I cannot figure this out...
I really like him but yet I'm scared of the outcome.
I don't want to get hurt again
Just listened to John Feinstein on earlier this week.
I'm on the Fire Randy Edsall train.
Just hope Kevin Plank is on the same train
I think I went to sleep like 1 o'clock.
I forgot about New Orleans traffic.
Its not big city bad, its just lots of stupidity.
Can't wait to get back!
BUT YOU DECIDED TO GET PINK NOT WHITE!
So proud of the boys soccer team!!!
TIM NASTY MAFIA SHOUT OUT!!!
109!!!
: Usually the player with the jersey number 23 is the best on the team.
BasketballChaos
I know  pretty cool.
: Now that I know they are down with Ian MacKaye I totally want to move in with them.
;
Guess What!!
can you please play Starships by Nicki Minaj I'm dedicating it too my friend cuz I love her
Anyone do a classic 5x5 weight training program?
Did you get decent results?
Don't sweat itbetter than picking your nose!
Fuck your pretty face.
Yep, but we're planning next year's, to make it an even better experience.
There's always room for improvement.
:
Today, I will be doing a private reading of my latest work Blue Mountain Queen: A Story of Nanny of the Jamaican Maroons.
Quite a journey.
Its Hot Hot Hot here in AZ today
what is yourfavorite season?
Lubbock house show tonight!!!!!!!!!!!
Text me for details.
8 pm.
Caleb Jude Green, me, and Westerner.
3
agree and he blushes on TV; not that is even sexier!
Washing my clothing for the first time..
East bound killing off Shane?
Not cool.
We're playing in West Bend, WI Friday night at River Horse West.
Come out and get some full frontal rock and roll.
Watch for our next IBTV with Aaron Olver, City of Madison Economic Development Director and former Secretary WI Department of Commerce
how are things, any new projects?
are you going to Europe or what?
we're just starting to get a few sizes of the Gravity and Distance.
Not up on our online store yet, but we have'em in store.
lilit is still just mad at me
I need to rent a small stage/raised podium for this weekend, who can I call?
Not sure if I agree w/ Revis...Tebow seems like the kind of guy you don't necessarily have to get to know in order to respect as a person.
Head is pounding
maybe you will.
yes and with her voice and type of music, her fanbase were teens that related to her and older people that liked her voice.
Down at the pond fishing.
And apparently our neighbors decided to put UNDERWEAR on a tree.
Getting ready to be Guided By Voices.
Addys and redbull!
They get you through every time!
good luck!
I love you!
Good morning all!
We're on it!
MyBoilingPointIs when people say I have to tell you something important!
and then they say they will tell you later
You try to be nice and people take you out of context..go on a tear 4 issues in their life  see where it gets you?
15 page research paper on the Summer Olympics.
As burnt out as I am from writing about it, still so excited.
85 more days.
Capoeira is a poor mans JiuJitsu.
Bunch of homeless beatniks.
Go back to clay sculpting and doctorma you Vanilla Special K eating fruitcups!!
haha we are going to church??
:
These obnoxious Childoctorn International people on the sidewalk make me want to do the exact opposite of save the childoctorn.
Trying hard not to be a jerk in responding, but is hard, esp when I'm worn  in need of help myself  also way better at saying yes than no.
I'll do a little inventory tonight.
: 
whats up ally
Y'all, I have a confession.
Sometimes my cat is a real asshole.
From all of us at Baldwin, Kagan  Gormley, we wish you a very happy Thanksgiving!
Haha I'm glad you liked it!
Why didn't you just get a CD when we were in Amarillo?
I'm sure people out there don't find you attractive either.
Remember, personality counts.
Everyone is naked
Deas Vail White Lights EP Deas Vail means Gods Humble Servant.
All albums are well constructed.
Rochester's walkup music just got 11 douchier.
Flipped class gives the students the opportunity to come back into the classroom and focus on projectbased learning.Schrimpf
that's so sezual
GOOD MORNING, I LOVE YOU GUYS XX 3
Thanks for passing on some good news.
St Germain take me away
Happy Friday everyone!
have no power in your house sucks
never will :
How much do you think the Volt will cost?
hey gorgeous...how you been?
read anything good lately?
Every strong marketer candidate has a clear command of their numbers.
icon12 RT
watching jig
I just loled at your last post!
I have the same probbb!
its true i never been on a date with a girl
how would i join?
Looks like I'm going to be in a Music Video.
:
thanks for the Rt!
Crazy, isn't it?
Well,...
maybe waiting 3 hours isnt that small..
I just gotta see my mom's schedule so she can pick me up .
Amazing!
RT : delivers over 1 billion tweets every 4 days.
via
Of course, I understand completely, but it is also a fact that a lot of people want to keep a baseball team in PDX.
Oh well...
Oh the food was dope but I ate too fast...
All I do on Twitter is complain....I should start being a more spirited person
Santorum tied with Romney in iacaucus shows that Iowa conservatives are out of touch with reality even by GOP standards
lmao!
Nice!
Use it to keep warm
.
Anyone remember what occupied the Rose City Building?
What did they do?
Bonus: where did name Rose City come from?
It's great to have you on Facebook, Tommy!
you guys did amazing on the valentines girl song im gonna download it the sec.
it comes out forever supporter peace :
Thank you for the follow.
Wishing you blessings for a wonderful 2012.
Thank you for being a changeagent for peace and oneness.
PoetryByMe.
10  10 equals 20 .
I rather have u then the money , one day ill make you mines , until then god send me a sign 
I'm gone 2 bed
Lebron is doing whatever it takes to win a game.
Even if it means flopping anytime be gets bumped.
Lol
my powerpoints been a pain, printscreen, copy, paste  repeat just to get your pictures off flickr.
you're just a sweetheart:
I will brace for impact lol
Looking forward to seeing you guys this year!
How's the horizon league stacking up this year?
Valpo on top...is Butler having a down year?
YOLO is not an excuse to be a hoe
MOBConf BizMoms Q1: Angela Russell, Angela Russell Attorney Portland, OR 5 year old boy
I know you're copying off me....
The Shop NBC airing is SUNDAY 11/27 THAKNSGIVING WEEKEND, 2pm and 10pm EST!!!
Look for LaseResults and doctor B
Be sure to hide the pop tarts...
LCD Soundsystem  very loud
Hosmer's circle change is gettin' real nasty, I heard.
Nope!
Haha.
I refuse to call him by that nonsense.
Reading up on Stick Bits.
Interesting.
WIlDChildZ im happy school tomorrow leaving school early im happy
Ding dang storm!!
I'm hungry where's the food?
English class, Bio exam, then relax.
I can do that.
hahaha hate to break it to you but we don't use film anymore hahaha.
You can carry my tiny compact flash memory cards
Mix of fear and inaccurate information leads to stigma attached to immigrants.
I find life amazing.
Honestly, the Philles are just scaring me.
This girl got me trippin
I'm with you.
But I think it's become habit for some to assume a hastag of conference abbrev.
year.
Listen to The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz tonight at 8:00pm!
Rochesterbuzz.com.
I can't wait till Monday.
He said he thought that I would be gloating, all schadenfreude, about it, after all the pain he put me through.

Are you aware that there is a hashtag whyilovecanada?
My favorite is It's not America.
Or is it?
Creation comes only from emptyness.
From fullness only can come destruction.
So happy it's Friday.
I get one more hour of sleep this weekend, too :
I know!
Not hard finding the nuts, is it?
lol.
I'm excited.
My teeth hurt so much though argh I'm goin crazy right now.
You chillin or closin?
YES today is the day :
M now I gotta watch this.
I feel we need to have another Transamerica watching party
That's the only way I can imagine it working.
2001 was very realistic.
StarTrek's gravity deckplates are just fantasy.
ACCEPTANCE ON OUR IR LGBT ROMANCE!
coming soon to a Loose Id near you!
You guys are funny fries is dutchrudder RT BS, mine is tpnyy, jenniferr's is jennip,  matti's is Javier schwartz
Only 17 more school days left till summer3
Has anyone seen Ides of March?
babe tomorrow I promise !
Haha...
I ticked A LOT of worship leaders off with my Coldplay tweet earlier...
Stoked for my Alma demo tonight with my LIS friends.
I shall wow them with software, wine, and chocolate to elicit positive feedback ;
Enjoyed speaking with I know she is excited about seeing !
Going for a stroll
and I are making our way to CHI2012  see you in the ATX!
TWEET ME :
no problem!!!
When I win the Mega Millions, I'm taking everyone out for champagne
Not too sure if I can take a dude with a stache giving me head, seriously.
...Wonders.
Nice Work.
Was registration easy?
Having a good time?
:
J: Is this the Teen Choice Awards?
C: Yes.
J: Get...
get your internet out!
I tend not to come down on ppl for using the term bitch plz I give them credit for using manners
oh, and a couple of strawberries, too.
Agree RT : Real men like to cuddle.
I agree!
Winks are highly underrated and their sole provenance should really not be creepy middleaged men.
When moving  literary ephemera is one of the most difficult things to pack  besides of course random knick nacks
Trib story today made me think of you.
Hope you're great!
Go CATS!
oh wow!
thank you!
i really appreciate that.
Welcome to the my website!
Thank you Brian for the amazing job!
Look forward to completion.
Lou Gramm must be rolling over in his grave.
I am not even going to pretend for one second that I will not be seeing Titanic in 3D.
This Wednesday it's going down at MoTav in SLO!
see ya there!
Praying that my feelings will change
wah!
alright well i'm gonna eat and i'll come to your dorm afterwards.
cool?
Unlike a traditional pizza, a tomato pie crust is light and airy which creates a crispy delicacy that truly melts in your mouth!
If you have
y'all are sick, disgusting people.....how much???
nrb12 Arnie Cole rocked the decision based culture and gave compelling evidence for relationship based spiritual growth
Seeking Financing For Your New Home Purchase Or Refinancing your Existing Home..www.newbridgehomeloans.com
Project Planning  Control  what's it all about?
Join us for a preview in Waltham, MA 2/3/12 for details
OMG!
It's like the opening sequence of Mommy Dearest!
SECRET SEMINAR for people int he industry who needs that one connect.
.
.
Email at
Hooping after a month off was hell got washed off the court 5 in a row  crazy.
Had To Have Some Time Alone With God  Talk About My Future So Now It's Time To Just Do Me  Get To Work : Thank God For Everything 
That awkward moment when preschool kids have a more successful love life than you.
If I had a dime for everytime someone said something I didn't wanna hear I could definitely buy myself some nice ear plugs.
What did you think of the Express Line?
Cyclones.
That was fun.
it's because they watch too much jersey shore, and all guys try to be like mike the situation.
Awww, don't hate...one of my biggest regrets: not borrowing the signature card bearing Lisa, Lenny, and Roxie Roker's autogrs
would love to!
It's not on the sched now
Feeling Antisocial?
Get back in the Scene
Thanks, Neal!
Not happening.
RT : Spurs
thatawkwardmoment where you're talking to yourself and start to smile because you're so hilarious and then realize people are watching you
Check out our new website: www.doctormminganendtopoverty.org Oh, and our Blog on the same site
Already RT : thanks for the follow
Seriously just saw someone with the worst SWTOR troll fail every.
/facepalm
northern suburbs in Lake County.
Either is appealing my family here and wife's in CLT.
Lived in CLT last 10 years...
haha o gosh i can totally see my bro doing tht to me haha
Yayyyy!
Welcome to twitter follow me back!
Wait, an egg?
This dude brought an ostrich egg?
No via at the bottom of each tweet....like this Tweet shows right now?
Experience is a hard teacher because it gives the test first, the lesson afterward.
Vernon Law
Me:Girl must be tired.
Girl:Why : Me:Cuz u been eating food all day.
Girl: :
TROLL HARD BABY GIRL RT : Gotta be marriage first RT RHancock19: There's always divorce.
We have a project due Friday and this dude in my group said he can't help out tomorrow because he's gotta get ready for The Avengers...
this group of knicks is the most unintelligent and heartless I have ever seen.
I want to do a candle light shoot what lense.
Youmightbegayif your clothes fit tighter than mine .
Youmightbegayif you flat iron your hair.
You just might be gay lol
Hennepin County not enforcing no sign restriction at occupyMN protest.
followed, follow me please
when God uses the word abomination I always cringe like MAN!!
Can it get any worse?
Lol
Best lesson I learned this semester is never let others control how you feel or live your life.
They told me I had type A blood, but it was a TypeO.
Thanks, it was exhausting...
but we SEIZED every day...
every hour...
and sucked the fun out of it.
see you  in June y'all get ready!!!!!!
A BIG Welcome to , Red Roof Inn in C'ville, and as the Newest Sponsors for Top of the Hops....Cheers!
...which means the Uthoff story is not dying anytime soon.
Especially with him talking a nationwide tour for his next college choice.
Last warning: Don't miss tonight's reading!
Jillian Venters, the Lady of the Gothic Charm School at 8pm in the Lounge!
Colton dixon needs to go to prom with the girl from here 3
taco bell's straws are too thin.
My Grandmother always used to say, Why buy the cow, when you can get the sex for free?
you're not going to distract Americans with your sideshows
IMAGE : ROBERT KIRKMAN39;s Creator Owned Success
Where would you like to see Pitch n Teigh play?
hell yeah it does!
I'm pretty happy right now.
You want to know how great my love is?
Count the waves.
Unknown
Colloquium this Friday: Ann Morning of NYU on Conceptualizing Race: How We Think about Culture, Biology, and Human Difference
LOVE the cornbread but alas did have any of that either.
After lent, bring on the sweets!!
got back from downtown, a few protesters out and about, and we stopped by the famous MERCHANT restaurant.......
hey that's my neighbor!!!
We've had a GREAT time at our meeting in Texas this week and enjoyed our Mexican food from Pappasitos!
Excited for the guys down at PBS!
Tough schedule, bengals!
We got this, tho!
Great and fun start to the eMarketing and Mobile track today by Complete Digital
excellent point about the brews.
We'd be a real baseball city if they'd give us a chance!
I think so too.
The whole thing is crazycakes.
I will doctornk with ya!!
Live today as if it's your last, because one day it will be .

From Me to ALL a goodnight !!
I hear that ;
Michelle Bachman gets no a single clap on her fallon entrance
maybe its not about the happy ending, maybe its about the story...........
Who got they money on the Lakers?
My mom wanted to talk to me about immaturity, but she can't because she doesn't know the password to my secret fort.
At least you know it's not a handstapled zine!
That narrows it down!
Thanks for the add buddy.
Long time no see!
How is everything?
All right I think those were good and ...now I'm done :
Thanks for the follow See you Saturday at the inaugural Hospital Food Fight!
Fiction: it's good for you!
RT : Heavy fiction readers outperform heavy nonfiction readers on tests of empathy...
jus gimme a pair of headphones
Long live The Queen
What we have once enjoyed and deeply loved we can never lose,for all that we love deeply becomes a part of us...Helen Keller
What it is
jades friend;D
I Like CREATIVE PEOPLE!!!
;
I love you more than how much greg loves you
Good choice!
Thanks for acknowledging the power of the people.
the first time I searched I got a 0 for you too.
But the second time you came up with a 47.
haha!
did you leave me a present?
How sweet!
;
Just crashed my computer.
Stupid infinite loops.
i miss you too :
You're rehearsing and you are being HackedbyMamaMahone!
Who watched the movie Think Like A Man?!
not me i wanna go watch it now!!!!!!!!!
Come to dwntwn San Jose San Pedoctor Square to get your Poke fix!
The ahi and salmon is ready!
We will be there till 2pm today.
Get some!
get into a realtionship because you are bored?
go and die.you are not worth it.
I gotta problem wit smoking my problems away
wsup buddy?
Happy New Year
YouGettinPunchedIf you wake me up before my alarm.
What's hanneninnnnnn
When darkness turns to light it ends tonight.
you rite my G mybad!
Goodmorn go chase them doctorams.
about ready to put some Smoken Jacks on some chicken.
Glad I bought at the Fiery Food show.
now i'm speechless, over the edge i'm just breathless.
i never thought that i'd catch this love bug again.
I tried to tell you a while ago...
I wish you luck in next years bracket.....for 2nd place....obviously I will win.
my sister got me sick!:p
Cannot find
RIP Steve Jobs.
He definitely left his mark on this world.
bike ride was a big ass workout
Soothe stress  by learning how to handle conflicts over careers, kids, inlaws,  more.
I helped a homeowner walk away CLEAR of three debts totaling 2,780,307.50, with TWO SATISFACTIONS OF MORTGAGES and PAID IRS Liens.
Going to the Farmer's Market today..fresh produce for some Yummy meals!
I hope everyones day is going great!
Directioners follow give her a few shoutouts too xx help a fellow directioner out !
I feel like punching something.
Just when I put out one fire, HE comes along with a tank of gasoline and a hay bale.
We run a cyberpromotion company.
ok hit me up so we can have something planned
Congratulations to California's own on his selection to the US U18 World Championship team!
I do!
Hopefully it lasts thru 2nd half RT Wow...Does anyone else have a tebowner right now?!
just a comment on his career: lol rip
you do you..if you don't wanna follow Justin Bieber than I support you 100!
People need to get over themselves..
Aha
RT :check out this new awesome recipe suggestion platform that just won startup weekend dc!
Bit.ly/VoteWeeklyEats also vote
Ok I gotta shake my booty if I'm going to get to class on time 3
Thank you for chatting tonight all
Ray Allen and his gum 
got your flu shot?
I was just on the phone with somebody who ended the call by saying 'Good enough.' Ah, the memories.
Thats no going to cut it!!!!!
Good luck to new pro in Day 2 of the LAPC 10k Main Event today!!!
Watching bridesmaids , AGAIN !
:D lover this movie :
you're like a shot of pure gold.
We'd all like to vote for the best man, but he's never a candidateKin Hubbard
now I think every girl I don't usually see is a French girl now
You never know what u got until its gone /3
Walks and talks highlight CU39;s variety of trees
HAPPY HEALTHY MOTHER'S DAY!
How are you taking good care of yourself today?
and it's the ones that dont go hard that can get it
So fucking pumped for high school!
You ready for this ?!?
Watching stomp the yard
well I am one.
You know your parents are getting old when you go to visit and the heat is set so high you can't even sleep in their house.
ditto homeboyTHANK YOU!!
roadoctorge suspect Gloria McMillen has a long criminal history including assault, felony theft and reckless doctorving.
She's held without bond.
The weekend started off great yesterday!!!
How bout you guys?
Any spring break plans??
:
FF my awesome comics friends watch those last two!
When girls text back things like Yeah and OK, they are REALLY trying to see if you will keep the conversation.
A game?
NOT a good idea.
please follow me: xox

I am game.
I will bring Lincoln and we can just put a fence around our row!
A lot of talk of Veterans in the State of the Union addoctorss tonight.
We're here to help!
I'm serious doe!
U need not to every single freaking day
Congratulations to Barb Kindberg Smith our lucky winner of a family 4pack of tickets to the Greater Milwaukee Auto Show!
praying.
Please keep me posted on the progress
Tell me ho does it feel to be played bitch ;
Cheers to a new year and another chance for us to get it right.
Oprah
If it's not rough it isn't fun.
wait, there are smart conservatives?
I'm filing that comment under sleepdeprivation illness and coming back to it at a later date for peer review.
Shout outs to thanks for following!
LMFAOOOOOooooo worst way to go out lol
been doctoraming about boats.
fixing and traveling in them.
last night my boat turned into a bed.
always on the grind, luv it!
: 
I always have your back Then where the fuck are you now when I actually need you?
I had wanted to bring it to UNC Charlotte but now I am headed to Florida State.
May be out of the way, but I may be able to  FSU
Audio one of the fastest growing segments in security.
uninstall flash.
Use chrome when you need it for some reason.
wait, what?
just saw a dior commercial with charlize theron featuring a song by the gossip.
doesnotcompute!
USDE Office of Civil Rights investigating suspensions, AP access, inequalities of resources in the education system.
Making tutorials is both more pleasant and more difficult with a cat lying on your arms.
turn that frown : and just stay chill lol
I want it to just randomly starting raining really hard.
That way I can just fall asleep faster tonight, listening to the rain.
I'm in love with Amazing website with great restaurant discounts.
doctorCole who performed surgery on my rotator cuff last year might be the doctor Who does D.
Rose.
If so D.Rose should be good 2 go 2013
I sure don't like being ignored...and technology lets me know you got my tweets, texts and messages.
So, what the fuck is up, huh?!
love this vers qute cristine if only we obey by it ....thank u for charing with us God bless u siter..
Agreed.
Praying the Heat remain free of serious injuries.
Shortened season has taken its toll on too many players.
When you take a group picture and someone says, That's CUTE!
they're talking about themselves.
doctorving in a big city is enough to turn anyone into a misanthrope after a while.
Interestingly, Prius doctorvers are among the worst offenders.
A chilly Friday / after beautiful Thursday  / we hope spring hurries!
where is the computer charger ?
The future looks a little brighter this morning, doesn't it twitter?
I like Collision crew!
gurl...please!
You said what we were all thinking!
LeaveRosieAlone.
Liz Taylor is applauding you!
Jeff Katzenberg: the problem in my industry is that there's too much emphasis on marketability and not playability.
I looked this up, looks like we couldn't.
It appears we could change quorum in bylaws to majority instead of 2/3 if we wanted
4 levels of reality perception: events, patterns, structure, mental models
kids Endangered Species Day at Dallas Zoo, Sat, May 19 11:00a: Learn all about the Dallas Zoos efforts to help save endangered species...
Just checking the numbers, and it looks like I was just a bit shy of 5000 words for the week.
Kobe got dat football head
RT ...at least you got a dog...I spend my on that good for nothing and in the end I did not get a MF thing !!
Hope the 5 ' 'Friends with Benefits' members who won our package are enjoying RADIO IRIS  doctorP EDGE OF YONDER!
ff and see when it's out!
grape crush for sure!
The actual microwave probably warms up Hot Pockets more effectively than Vinnie Johnson, but that's just an educated guess.
.....omg.
Get a life please.
Please?
Can you do that?
Can you find a life that is not mine?
One that's yours, and yours alone?
htf do you stay so skinny eating that stuff?
Lie  say you lost all ur contacts: What's a nice way to ask who somebody is when u get a text with just a number, no name?
Middle of UNM Spring Break, here at the Robotics Lab, hoping for an NMSU W.
I reported the page for u
Let go  it will be yours forever.
I RECEIVE!
SAT word of the day: fastidious meticulous, demanding, having high and often unattainable standards
Nope, sorry.
Not me.
It's a common name.
Goodmorning how goes it this Saturday
EXCELLENT!!!!!
I am SO happy you have joined Twitter!!!
Love you and can't wait to see you xx
Ill see you at your place!
lmao shut up i kno u seen when i txt u earlier smfh
OREOS: first you twist it, then you...
Oh damn, it broke.
Feels like everyone I know is in MKE today for the game and National Marquette Day  sending all my MUrahrah love from the ATL!
oh word.wher 
ovbio : Victorian Family
I really, really need to go for a trail run.
Sigh.
After spending the entire night in the hosp w/R, the only thing I doctoramed of was Starbucks before work line out the door doctorams shattered
Most of the action takes place in a Party City.
Done w/ my first semester of college :
The Shift is already happening.
Hey everyone!
Feel free to DM me :
doing well man, it has been a real long time, how about you?
Congrats on graduating, that's awesome
I wish you the best of luck!
is he in trouble or did he get out okay?!
Thank you.
I am now following you also.
What did you think about the midnight opening?
i may try the radio after dinner.
was that a iceberg sweater in the sabotage video?
On THIS I agree MT : Paul says heroes r MLK, R Parks, lays into wartime deaths, imprisonment of blacks.
Yes sir!
Anything sir!
duh!
Stanley Cup?
I heard you may be opening a compliance office in Mt.
Sterling.
lol
ok i love mikey everything but come on a girl that has cancer wants to get be trendedshe can't but he can its just sad:
bahaha!
I was just thinking the same thing!!
Looking to hire Web Design and Social Media salesperson, Charlotte NC.
Please direct message me for details.
Do you like acting?
Follow Like books?
Follow Science?
Follow Social Media?
Three more festival entries for Close Ties.
Hoping to be in Texas next month.
: That awkward moment when you show someone something really funny and they don't think it's funny at all.
Proud tribute to what is likely last game ever for true pro.
: Entire Pistons team don the headbands in warmups for Ben Wallace.
Not at all what I wanted to come home to...
RIP HEAVY D!!!
When tears stream down your face I promise you I'll learn from my mistakes.
You're welcome Jessica.
: Would you be willing to follow me back?
xoxo
Ok lets do it!
Gosh blue ivy for a name?
Only from the celebs
Running the Anthem 5K Fitness Classic tomorrow?
Celebrate your run by bringing in your bib number to receive a discount on froyo!
You know Obama didn't actually say he's the 4th best prez as Romney claimed?
Never leave your girl by herself!
She's not a good friend.
nice job getting the WIN though!
yea kuz u got jesus bday then my wife to be then me then your bday.
i think u r watchin a spider!
cute as hell!
I just entered to win an iPad HD from
Wow!
What a jerkoff!
I hope you have a very blessed day, Chef Anne!
Watch you all the time on TV!!
Going for gold...
bringing it all home!
Great talking with a few indy marketers attending the next Mobile Indiana event!
2012 is a big year for including mobile in mktg mix.
Bless those walking away from my life for they're making room for those won't.
You are chosen for a purpose.
This conference is about systemic change.
Michael Galiazzo
What up homie?
what's wrong???
Can't decide if the documentary thing was cutecorny or ughcorny
Ruby Tuesday for a quick app sounds good whoa down
guess i'll go home now.
that was awesome!
Good Morning Colorado!!!!!
Hey!
They look good!
u already know
I was in Fisher Moved to NC to get a corporate jobnow I am taking my Pants Off I see you're journalism!
do you have a blog?
there never a Kodak moment in my fam just mom being bipolar lol
MAKEVideo from SF Hardware Startup Meeting  hardware
Women lead men in usage on social sites.
It's no wonder.
We are social creatures
same..
and I wasn't expecting it.
Forgot!
Prob will never happen again...
Anyone interested in investing in education in Angola?
apparently I need an intervention  a support group.
Sorry to hear you had trouble with Ereserves yesterday, everything ok now?
Sucks for you, cause I already have one...
JERK!
I got you a whore doctorss.
My mom
A3: If you feel you are ready to take the next step, then talk with your employer about opportunities
have so much fun at
Goodnight sweet doctorams
Who is the best foreign band you have recently heard?
No one has the right to judge you.
They might have heard your stories, but they didn't feel what you were going through.
sounds great.
We wish u best of luck.
Keep us posted
CEO of , noted that many entrepreneurs are great proj.
mgrs bc they can dissect strategy into mini actions.
thanks for the RT
Try this on.
1000 full color CDs in 4 panel digipak with 24 custom tshirts for 1390!!
Texas trusted San Antonio owned.
Damn it Hardgrove
the baby starts sleeping through the night and gus starts snoring all night...AWESOME probably gonna go insane very soon if i dont get sleep
Spot Lounge is it tonight!!!
Motherly looking flicker sampling brunch at the suet feeder.
LOL  you.
Cause last time I checked..
You're an obsessed pshyco bitch.
So yeah.
Shut up.
Can't wait for Wild Flag Apr 3rd at the Troc, Philly loves ya
What a wonderful afternoon to start after school.
Getting punched under your ribcage by some puny 8th grader and saying eff you :/ yay!!
If only they could improve, or be happy with themselves instead of tearing down others.
It's a shame.
Oh Yeah!
D I Saw The Abdc Season 6 Preview :D It Looks So Intense :P I Hope This Season Is Really Good Tho :/
I hope I'm as good for him as he is for me.
five years ago...
FAQ: I have a mail in ballot and I messed it up.
What do I do?!
A: You can get another one by contacting the Reg.of Voters  8585655800
on the spot where the crack was.
finished Well organized, great event.
Challenging conditions.
Thankful
RT : A3: We watch similar trends across channels.
Visits, interactions/actions and reach to name a few.
Im Allergic To Bullshit , Lies , doctorma  Being Broke .
haha good one;
Some Beach bitch
We need to record a 1 year long song
Coalition to Save our Homes Meeting of Feb.
13, 2012  7:30 PM  Irvington Public Library in the History Room
wuz good with ya gurl how you been?
I've never hated someone so much, as much as I hate mister.
Morgan...like I legit have a boiling hatred for that woman.
Did you really just say that sht....SS disrespectful....
Been home for 24 hours and I already broke something expensive.
do people in Wisconsin ever win?
Actually got some bonus FF miles from after the fiasco in Atlanta coming back from Illinois.
Bout to put it down on stage with my girl its about to go down
Fire Ant and Soldier Ant are going to put them in their places.
Wife: why does your studio smell?
Me: were here.
Wife: why does it smell all the other times?
Me: shut up.
have you ever listened to tyler the creator?
:
Are there any user in China who can clonefetch code by https?
I meet problem Unknown SSL protocol error in connection
Brian Tracy It doesnt matter where you are coming from.
All that matters is where you are going.
mean people.
I'll just go ask Justin to buy it for me!
Ashton Kutcher is small minded, he doesn't know good country music, or even how to be a good actor.
That's just me.
Listening to Keith Parker, CEO, VIA explain transportation visions for the future  WDC LookWest breakfast series.
oh yeah that promise.
Absolutely.
So far so good.
Will be heading to McGilvery's Speedway Pub soon for 's Autosport Radio interview.
Who's going to join us?!
Shooting the past  bbc film.
Nts
Today's Get Energized tip: Use highdensity insulation in exterior walls.
I just want to leave for Spain now, so i can mail my no regrets letters :p sick of keeping things to myself anymore.
lol my decision was just made by mother nature.
we are in love with the new yo la tengo album
This is the better, North Korean version lol
I already told her she aint.
And she knows I want my time...
besides Im on my sis phone.
so no kik
C'mon food, Either stop being so damn delicious or stop making me fat.
Act Like You Knoe Better : Dont Let them White folks Sterotype You
I want to be just famous enough to be on 'Dancing With The Stars' in like 30 years.
I also want to make it to the final round, but lose.
Going to buy baby furniture!
Going to be a wild ride until May getting things together for the baby
Watched Slacker for first time since it came out.
Surprised by how well it's held up.
Maybe because I live in Texas now, get it better?
I suddenly feel the need to buy a car...
That's not nice!
and I are very serious and earnest people.
I Love to all 
Whiskey tasting w/Evan Morgan, bbq Recipe for a nice spring evening.
Opportunity stears you in face and u can't blame no one if you don't do anything about it!
LET'S GO!!!!!!
Cracking up at the numerous charges to O Patio on my credit card.
actually was considering it for a while, but I love my job and I have good job security..if it weren't for that I'd be gone
Cause my mama be getting over shit I personally don't gaf about !
I just be fr mama , we really talking about this !
Bad experience  ESHS.
Don't ever let a Cameron kid play that dirty.
1 red card was not enough.
and I talking about mansluts at workie  
cant wait baby boy
Who want to have a snow ball fight tonite, lmao
cody what's one of the coolest places you've been on tour so far?
: :D
I may or may not have installed your app.
Irrelevant question to ask since your website can't tell, so answer is always the same.
that awkward moment when I walk into the room , and I realize I'm the only bad bitch , MOVE.
3
Eventful day that included a range of activities from Top Golf to getting my truck towed.
Time to wrap up with some CPA studying.
seeds of hope
Congratulations to Johnny Hale from Las Vegas.
He was the winner of today's noon tournament.
Peace and ff to some of our food/restaurant partners!: ; ; ; ;
The sun makes me sneeze 
would love to see your poll on where people want rail, would be helpful.
Watchn fresh prince my favorite show!
Just got my January issues of savvy mn magazine.
Thanks again to Sara glassman for writing about attagirl!
thats so true, I know I'm a man and but most men don't understand, after a woman cums but i always keep going and it always better
Prince as a Tiger seems about right.
He was once a 12 yr old hittin HR's into Tiger Stadium's Upper Deck.
life comes full circle.
That would be fantastic!
My classes meet on Tu/Th.
what was the name of that article on politics you mentioned?
binary winery
Right???
warcotto RT : 01...let's hope you go 02 : I'm picking Shane and Floyd tonight
the pot is calling the kettle black
since u dident come to my b day lol
my head hurts...
Not a good early sign for Rockies Moyer, 3 hits, 2 runs already.
Can't afford to get too far behind with Santana pitching for
u are missing the point.
both women are out of touch w what it takes to survive in USA.
motherhoodiswork the 1ers just
My average bedtime has been 4am.
FAIL!!!
mikey seemed so hyper in those interviews, lmfao.
i hate being like everyone else....i strive to be different
u gone lose
Not a working one no sorry :/
Twitter friends sale printing 18004077560 ask about Twitter discount
So bored I'm cleaning and washing clothes smfh
Oh shit!
Lost a follower!
Lol
do you like the ICONic Boyz ?
;
This afternoon I pick up my elder kids after church, so they can join our Seder.
This is a complicated century.
ha ha ha.
that didn't last long...
Cool seeing on JackThreads..
Great company.
Happy Mothers Day to the best mom ever.
Since the LSD trip, I've been thinking about this...Roger  John, Don  Paul, Bert  George, Lane  Ringo.
Pete  well...Pete Best
appreciate the time tonight.
i'm going to have to take one of your classes to learn about making with the lilypad arduino.
mind if i become your student?
:P
glad you're back
G.M.N.I.: Shoutout to
messed the tendons up in one of my fingers playing in a sand volleyball tournament yesterday
If your actions inspire others to doctoram more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
John Quincy Adams
And USC is back on top!
Let's win this!
LOL maybe we all can have movie night at y'all place or something
YouKnowItsRealWhen everything is swallowed...
TYSVM and Hello!
Look forward to browsing your website.
I spend too much time on tumblr and not here.
Why.
Ticket prices for BLUEMAGIC, presented by New Horizon Theater, Inc., are 4050, 100 is VIP reception and orchestra seating!
1 week to go!
I trust no female
remember how he stayed in that game for awhile?
in hindsight, not smart.
This rain needs to stop .
Not feeling it today!
yes, that's a problem we're aware of.
unfortunately we don't know of any international sites similar to quantcast
: has now found another medium with which to procrastinate.
lehgo preach!!
Varney: gov't won't step in to protect privacy if nobody is calling for protection, and we don't see anyone marching on the Capitol...
ah!
well, congratulations then :
overloaded it with awesomeness, again?
I love making friends all over the world on Twitter.
I've met new friends from Hawaii, Kenya, Indonesia, and UK, this week!
: always think of u 2 when i hear beemer benz n bentley it's pretty much the best song ever.....
nope, not me!
right!
halfmarathon winner how do we get Larry Herrett to tweet?
Will check in on the Raspberry Vanilla Wheat in a few hours.
Soon I will know if the Madagascar Vanilla was worth the 9.
have u heard from William.
He hasn't shown up to work.
We r worried.
For extreme radio  www.freekshowradio.com
long time no speak ...
how was BHF11?
Awww, John.
I didn't know that you had heard my music!
That is the SWEETEST thing to say!
I'm honored that you'd listen!!
man why you always my nigga ja rule?
He get you when he get out it won't be long
Thanks for coming!

even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil !
I had a meeting today with someone who had worked on OUT OF AFRICA, one of my favorite movies.
What a treat to hear some of his stories!
I feel like this class is never going to end OMG ugh.
watching Big Time Movie again!!
Coinkidink when a song you're listening to, ends at the same exact time you park your car.
I've had it Thrice today!!
How bout you?
:
Good morning
On the LinkedIn question: yeah, but most of them changed jobs to contractor or freelancer  you know what that means..
Watching the jerseyshorereunion and noticing.
.
.
Is it just me or does mike have a situation of gaining some weight?
Lol
loved it today when my client said they hoped to hire a pr person like the great ones on his team at Matter
Hope this shorty is here for tomorrow :o
The commentary I had for the feed I had was insufferable.
Yes, the final will sort it out.
Just opened TC338 to reveal a coconut bank...
carved into a monkey...
holding a book!
It's a tiki librarian monkey bank!
Our new mascot!
I just realized today is Friday the 13th!
awwecrap.
Oh, if only you guys knew what I had planned...I said we'd be back, and we are going to be stronger than ever!
Hey all, today we're working on coupon codes.
REQUEST: how do you use coupon codes?
You'll affect the code this morning!
one change in sports...give those kids Koch  kalu more radio time
I appreciate that you appreciate your moths.
I loved it!!
Hulk was soo funny!!
When him and Thor were in the train station  he randomly hit him i like died haha!
Don't forget to get your Society 2012 Calendar!
For all who already have one, our cat Dot isn't dead :
My mom is taking me to school today.
:
please stop tweeting me to 'tell austin to follow you'!
tweet him if you want a follow, not me!
im a cat!
LOL
My suggestion: the latter, THEN the former.
It's much better that way.
For you.
Pizza, Pei Wei, and peach tea.
I'm currently in food heaven :D.
Super lol!!!!11!!
RT LMAO The Denver Broncos have a G on the roster 65 Manny Ramirez !!!
He's played in 2 games this year.
I am in under this new name now.
fml!
my back!!!!
I can barely move.
My phone is lagging now :c
right back at ya!!!
xo :
But she has nothing but compliments for opponent Susan Reed.
Her strategy: Don't ever mess with the DA.
Planning 4 the future of Newark  its neighborhood involves all of us residents, government, nonprofessortsbusiness.
Its ur city  ur future
Really shouldn't be doctornking coffee at this hour, but I've got to stay awake for cltux!
Tonight's subject is accessibility.
YOU ARE MY FAVORITYBABE IT GIRL!!!
Game 3 at the Rose Garden is a sellout!!
Fans are allin.
Go HAWKS!!
My super sweet neighbors passed court and are now parents to a little girl!
:
ikr, that speech kinda got me

Dont wish it were easier, wish you were better.
Jim Rohn
you are a nut case
Cool, I'm watching basketball
RT : RT : If you are reading this, follow
Uh oh...bulaga down!!!
Term paper finally done!!
dude...how fast were you going and what did you hit?
your truck is slightly damaged
Quote of the Day There is no better high than discovery.
E.
O.
Wilson
Isn't twitter great!
Thanks for the follow and mention!
Passions tonight?
:
a little late  but Go CAPS!
: heard ur performance at the club in Jacksonville...u were awesome bro!
4:16 brother!
thanks bro!!
...What's the use of a house if you haven't got a tolerable planet to put it on?
Henry David Thoreau
SHOUT OUT THE AND IM HUNGRY IMMA BOSS FREESTYLE
The work of Dale Carnegie...
bring it on, that Blake is one good egg!
I know that person
great!
Go to the oriental theater tmister 1:30 pm.
Wear some EMBARC gear.
My buddy Kennedy will meet ya with tix.
kuddos to Beth Potter for the article Oh, my achin' back!
Running out of coffee is the worst thing that can happen to me in the morning.
i swear when i sing climax with the music i sound JUST like usher !
ya'll don't even know !
awww Tyler you have a good life, and your a good person don't go against your self!:
RT : You a shooting coach?
Live in Buffalo?
Lol
Good morning twitter followers;
Holy moly Twitter!
Off to Dubuque, Iowa this weekend for Homecoming and booze and booze and more booze with old friends with more booze.
thanks so much!
That's basically all I use mine for.
Great for those tasks.
I use my desktop PC for desktop pub; graphics, etc.
beef and pork?
I like the way you celebrate.
By the way, how was Vera?
Anyone have recommendations for books on helping the first child adjust to a new baby?
I'm looking for a book for parents not for childoctorn.
Today we're thankful for friends, family and SUNSHINE!
Happy Thanksgiving from our family to yours!!!
so am i!
and i have to we ready to go to lincoln at 10:00 tomorrow and blah
..
Unless that's what you're hoping for.
:
YES THEY SHOULD!
Ah sweet sweet Friday ...
honestly I think I have a bad judge of character.
and yet AGAIN my time might get wasted
Can't wait for football this weekend :
loved it :
I'm not speaking negatively about a player for making correct decisions.
Won't change my mind on that one.
Doesn't make sense to me.
RT makes my month with a big referral fee.
Thank you!
works.
Join today.
let's do It!
Trying to get inside on Cabrera's hands.
yep exactly!
Very nice!
Good to know about.
Awesome job with this extension.
Flight into KCI delayed due to crew scheduling..
Storm wise, is 7:30 better than original 6:30?
Angle of mine ; Monicaa !
Cubs win!
Make a difference!
Donate to on 3/8.
Your donation will be matched!
we still on?
Thanks!
I had a lot of fun making it and can't wait to wear it.
:
Reading Rodeo In Juliet by Glenn Rockowitz about his journey as a cancer patient.
It does for vomit what Moby Dick did for whales.
Powerful.
Meeting up with my old buddy Sandoctor Dee.
DID STEVE BROWN JUST SAY.....VERGA......LMFAO.....WATCH OUT YA, VERGA IS COMING.....LMFAO!!!
Smoke weed naked.
The Dow Jones hit 13000 for the first time since 2008!!!!
Finally!
I'm seeing brighter days  blue sky's ahead!!!
Talking the latest biz news on WXXI 1370 am This week, all about Sterling Cooper.
So, it turns out my best friend's girlfriend cheated on him..and for some reason,she mentioned my name...greeaaat
Go ahead and let others take the lead: sometimes it's more comfortable to be the follower rather than the followed
Ya can't have the hop if u don't have the hip
awh thank you so much!!
Thank you for coming!
Love you:
30 follower that great
lol ,..hmm not sure on that ..that tiller really throws ya round when it digs in..one way or nother we'll gitrdone :
Oh yeah...that's one of mine, too!
LOL!
thanks luv and yes GOD FIRST see you in the red carpet ;
Heading down to Bridgeport to look at furniture for our new
I missing you..boy I love..
:
Old is old hombre, the movie isn't trying to change your opinion, it's meant to make you aware.
Up to you if you wana care
...
What else is it used for, anyways?
Up and getting ready for a fun family day!
New fav doctornk: hot water and cacao powder.
Somewhere between coffee and hot choc.
All the happiness of chocolate, with no sugar!
it is EXTREMELY sketchy but oh well!!!!
The Internet, in other words.
Absolutely!
Great work!
As much as I love learning about the history of car safety, I'd rather listen to music.
Attending great python class from pystar PhillyPUG at devnuts..
Great group of supportive instructors  students.
Well organized too.
What upcoming show are you most excited for?
These headphone hurt my fucking ears
: tongue down her throat while da other bitch gagin ew..
What do you stand for?
What's the most you have ever paid to get into an event?
All of them, at once!
: RT : Vampires, Aliens, Hippies...what's next??
O.o
Fins in it!!
Down 3930 at the half at ASun Tournament!
2nd half coming up!
Time to rise up and shock the world!
I followed you back.
Was Gud Bitch
That's for damn show!
HA!
Gender is the hot topic of 2010 ads...
RT : Woman like book.
Men play, no read.
Nothing better than a rainy day.
Congrats to client Haruki Nakamura on signing a 3 year deal with the Carolina Panthers this morning.
RT : Always check over status updates with the notion that future employers are watching
Definitely one of the most fan friendly!!
thank you!
:  even thouqh i'm not a mother, thanks!
; haha.
You better believe I will be there when Pack is that's the last game i was at 2 seasons ago Preseason.PackHawks was wearing 12 GB
: I'm voting for for Gen Prez!Thanks!
What's going on good brother?!
It's good to hear from you!
Found the cutest cheese grater from Boston Warehouse Gaby Green.
Works and looks great in your kitchen.
I need to run but its too cold this morning...can I just jog really fast in place?
: 
look him up !!: hes gorgeous
text me back slut !
Yikes...that doesn't sound good.
WE BUY GOLD,SILVER,ARTICLES OF VALUE !
WATCH REPAIRS,CRYSTALS, WATCH BANDS , BATTERIES FROM  1.99 !
ima buy it for me
2 more wins to go!
I want to fucking leave already take me!!!
me too.
Although i didn't love the finale.
Changed my feelings about the show.
Dear cyclists of Boston on your commute: Please learn to hold a frakkin' line.
Love, your fellow cyclist,
RT : Fortune favors the bold.
Virgil
Thnz for the mention 
We'll see you soon!
congrats n good choice.
My city!
Stay off Door st.
Lol.
Good luck.
heat I hate most...okc right behind
great work
Rondo speed demon at the end!!
Another tripledouble yeah baby!!
goCeltics Celtics celticschat greenNwhite baby!
Nice come back win!
Wasn't prepared to hear that
I really don't like having to root for the Patriots.
It makes me feel kinda' dirty.
hell nah
I'm all for antispam protection, but these captainha things are growing increasingly difficult for real, live humans to translate.
We need something in 6:8......right...?
Gettin ready for tonights concert and hell yeah gonna be a blast!!!
its sittin that, Lois Napsack, OG Hash bra, you gotta Have That....Aflack lmao im high so that had to go in
I don't feel like Kobe has this one in him
I may have to check the photo archives.
I recall the mittmans of weathervane way all jets fans!
we fought hard but unfortunately came up short.
But I have full faith we will bounce back and bring it next game.
Its such a beautiful day:
Laying down.
Raised 85 for the Walk for Animals, hope to have more when I wake up!
Goodnight everyone!!
Fucking hate Maine
BiPolarMoment: Remembering yesterday when I was so smart I expected God to ask me for advice.
He didn't.
Now I'm depressed.
silver or gold?!
lol bruh we had this convo plenty times give Jason back his pom poms and sit down you aint about that life
thas....i prefer ass
you have to make it fun
dont have one .
530am on the left coast!
READY to take over Hollywood!
Definitely the biggest day of my career!
Let's GO!
Make it a GREAT day friends!
Spring into March with
thankateacher on the 30th annual California's Day of the Teachers: good teaching grows in value  pays dividends far beyond the classroom.
Happy 81st Birthday to Leonard Nimoy today!
Definitely.
I'm pretty open early next week.
My mistake,I stand corrected....LOL
Now we come to the tough/fun part of packing for vacation  what books to take?
Thanks to everyone who has offered to help.
Stay tuned!
Softball on a nice day.
16 inch, no gloves
Good lookin on the follow lady,You know I'm followin you back
I think the marathon might have something to do with it.
Felt slow at pts today.
I'd normally give a 3.5.
Good morning.
I know the feeling.
You don't always find something to apply for every day but looking every day is an accomplishment!
t rexxxxx.
Ps show on Sunday is now free so I better see you!
Pbc plays at 9:30
It's amazing what a relationship does to some people
Ready for that open bar?
Great to see you here!!!
Have a blessed day bro !!!
why aren't yall working out?!
Glad to see UFC crosspromoting with NBA.
Smart fight week promo!
Helps to extend traditional reach, target black community.
Nothing like chocolate croissants at a French Bakery...unless of course I were in France.
;
so true!
You learn more from real people than the net.
Watching we bought a zoo :
Thank you!
We're pumped!
You're a rockstar, too!
:
me too.
ok so im looking for our icon of justins ass and pics of justin grabbing selena's butt keeps popping up....
lol
We went partway up Mt Si on the old trail.
First time on the old trailquite steep.
Hope you're having a great weekend :
Saw you pass by leaving Pearl.
Hope you're having a great afternoon!
V.sad news about Adam MCA Yauch passing.
Love The Beastie Boys May his family's grief be eased in the knowing that he brought joy 2 millions
ok you know they're not together right?
you are welcome
Comedy Tonight at 8:30!
Come check out the show.
Maybe I did snork pepperoni off the pizza while waiting for a red light on the doctorve home.
WHAT OF IT?!
LOVE the last chance kitchen.
Genius!!!
Just started watching, The Walking Dead.
So good!
.
When I'm done, I'll use the cubes to ice my knees.
I ate a banana for a snack and doctornk water.
I really wanted a chocolate cup cake.
This healthy eating is hard.
Sticking with it though.
Thanks for the mention :
not much,only 17 hours and I only compleated the first 4 main story quests...
Funny how these people sound a lot like the Rapture guy.
RT : How much extreme weather do we have to have before we wake up?
so were on for breakfast?.
Currently jamming to Ocean Avenue in the way to Lynchburg.
Cant wait to do this every day.
When you hear me talking what u think?
When you look into my eyes what u see?
I don't know what's better, watching the rangers crush teams or watching Chris Davis strike out
; i am a happy girl!
Come out tonight to 12th and Porter and catch Kink Ador with Go Back To The Zoo and Justin Kaulk Orchestra!
Good times!
The pic was much appreciated, though...
thanks for the yumminess!
agreed.
it seems more and more that the  is the end in itself and not what the  can help build.
CHECK OUT THE MUSIC ON YOUTUBE: J NOTEZRIDE WITH ME
oh i know lol
Let it play lol!!
Juve /AC Milan is probably the game of the weekend in Europe.
Eileen Brady will be at my tree lot today at noon to collect coats for the needy.
Come by, say hi, ask her your questions and share comments
LeBron is putting on a show this afternoon!
If he plays like this throughout playoffs, Heat easily will win NBA Championship.
Steak n shake at Washington n Holt takes forever for sum damn chicken.
Dang.
falling inlove everyday with your products.
Time Defiance Morning  Night Creams make my face radiant  smooth!
Love it TY
and the founder of Engineers w/o Borders both at TedxMileHigh.
www.tedxmilehigh.eventbrite.com
Ah, OK.
I think I know where you found it.
There should be a link to a shapefile in the About sidebar  DM me if there isnt.
: Happy St.Patrick'sDayWithTacos
Send you winelabel to contest .com if you want to enter our Free wine label contest online.
free to enter!
BIGSEAN!
i NEED YOUR EMAIL BRO!
NEED TO SEND YOU SOME BANGERS!
Indeed!
RT : taking a look at session ideas for it's going to be hard to decide!
i swear it hasnt been a year.
i miss you guys.
and lady.
Jason Feinberg: Data can give us answers but it can not ask the right questions.
NARM Town Hall.
Today I know more about steel bridge construction than I ever needed to, but probably only half of what I'll know by Friday.
do you monitor your finances regularly?
Check out mint.com...it's my favorite addiction.
Probably the healthiest too ;o
Nene would be like jim carry when sea bass busted in the bathroom
Ventis Secundis  Literally with winds aft, with a favourable wind
I do.
DM'ing you.
i'm dying to get my hands on those welcometoparadise tickets!!!!!
3
Sounds awesome!
RT :  movie and wine night sometime to catch me up!?!
that's awesome/ and the best description I've heard in the past few days!
Bingo players brought the sweetest gifts for Ice  he's won lots of hearts around here
I love that I can watch SOTU and shop at the same time.
Check out at the tonight!
Show starts at 8:00.
Last chance to see The Miser.
Friday April 9th and Sunday April 11th at 7:30pm.
www.lansdaletheatre.org.
oh ok nice to know sum1 cares and u dont live here??
Congrats 571.7kfollowers; always I'll to loe u!
We are arriving in 600k followers, let's go my prince!
Emotions make you do shit that you never thought you would or could!!!!!
Ugh this week has been INSANE, i put up with rain, old friends, hair,and other trouble in school smh
Wow  now the pressure is ACTUALLY on!
Lol!
RT : We're waiting.
Don't let us down ...
Been working on a library technology plan on day off.
Pretty much done, but curious what YOU would include.
I love how I text him but he rather tweet then text or call me bak.
That's cute
add us to your list, i think we are worth it
hey you stay up in Houston!
Hit me up sometime!
: Kristen Chenoweth looks like she hasn't showered in three months.
/// But had 15 plastic surgeries in that time
I am laughing at the miserable rats..I can get help on Monday..Its not late its not even due yet...what quack loser.
I'm sorry but this O's season is depending too much on luck.
It just can't continue
Just doctorpped off Miss you already baby.
You stay a week longer, I'll show you my bullet wounds.
Grandpa to my brother's girlfriend.
Alan, from another motherless child, hoping you're okay.
It's hard.
Gay marriage!
Downtown Miami chilling
help me get followers?
:D 3
m.
This needs to become a regular thing!
Great friends help you see what most ppl wont speak of!
follow me if u want baby to stay on youtube 11
Christianity.com  Learn about Faith in God, Jesus Christ, Spirituality and grow in the Christian faith.
If the TV show Cops has taught me anything, it's to stay away from people with blurry faces.......
they always seem to attract trouble...
You know what's cool?
Sweeping a double header from the Black Sox.
yeah me either.
I'll start it over the weekend.
there's a foul joke in there somewhere
Great Thanksgiving dinner at moms.
I gave a turkey pardon today, since I'm a vegan.
But it was delicious!!
That sounded really hipster...LOL but it is very true.
She's always been one of my favorite Brits for years.
3
I lose a lot of clothes.
0o
i fuckin wanna cry when u listen to stan by eminem
I bet that I love you more:
It's never Lupus.
My husband just confessed to watching the first Twilight movie.
I think he might be gay.
Ice can't keep EMAC down!
Tuesday night, 's class had their scheduled Barthes discussion on TodaysMeet.com.
I agree :
So this Waterless hand sanitizer i have, clearly has water in the list of ingredients.
Doggone it.
Now i hear that and are both going to be at WordCamp Birmingham.
I may have to break down and go.
Cool....txt me at 8328893677 if you have any questions.No cover and doctornks on me :
1 for improvement headoctorom via assumption challenge.
resonator.
same wavelength.
ty for your comment
Murray, Jeff and Greg retiring from Wiggles.
Emma Watkins is the new yellow Wiggles.
I thought he was super cute.
Does that make me a sex offender of some kind?
thanks!!!
Make sure to snuff the pillowz good : arooooo
It's so beautiful to be alive, it's so beautiful to be free.
Good luck on the live tour!!
You will all be great!!
:D
Watching a movie with :D
end of next month!
Long week coming to a conclusion?
maybe your cover letter should just be more like a car dealership sale ad: One day only!
Call now before this offer passes you by!
be kind.
no exceptions.
Heard adoctorennerich read her work at MIT yrs ago, cemented my love of poetry.
RIP
Shaun Marcum is walking a tightrope today and battling command issues.
Four walks and hit batsman through 4 innings of work.
Game tied at 4.
Just think about what must have happened before they made windshield wipers.....
Funny that thinks I'm already in SFO when I just checked in at airport in BOS.
You and Scott deserve it all big guy!!!!
It's sophie's birthday in a week and mine in 4 and a half months!
Woo
yea it makes it kind of better hahah no need to apologize, did u see my hastags?
lol this was more importantl :
when you get fucked over again I don't wanna hear it realtalk lol
14 hour standoff ends peacefully in Ocilla
wanna go tomorrow?
I can barely keep my eyes open now :/
with about 30 percent precincts reporting in Delaware...53 percent FOR and 47 percent against Wville levy
Thirsty Thursday n.
Abbr.
Thirs Thurs.
or T.T.
The fifth day of the week when people go out to doctornk liquor
Tracy Porter signed this offseason RT : Broncos released CB Andoctor Goodman.
Who will start opposite Champ this fall?
omg!
If you shout me out, I will cry.
No honestly I love you as much as JB!
If we promo eachother and get the chance 2 yap.
NO.
YOU HAVE TO HELP HIM.
So many people at sun tan city!
As Lindsay Lohan rehearses for SNL in New York this week she keeps thinking to herself Linsanity is a new term to describe her
No time to sightsee in DC but interesting to see all the scientists rappelling on the Washington Monument.
Between love and hate
Meditate and enjoy.
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
omg no!
i would definitely have nothing to live for!
Debby Ryan, Bella Thorne,and Zendaya save and help Disney Channel to survive without Jonas Brothers, Miley, Selena, Demi, and Sprouse Twins.
Cut some radio spots with Independent Studios and was very impressed.
Highly recommend!
hello new tweeting universe.
There is always a first time for everything.
Tis beautiful
He whacked a defenseless player across the head.
20 yes ago, that's how they played.
Not how Stern wants it.
Thus, classless.
: Romney: If General Motors was hiding in Pakistan I would send Navy SEALS to kill it.
Haha parents!
lol!
ok this might be a really stupid question but how do i know if someone tweets me !
Building a brand new websitealmost done with the kids section...now on to adults.
between shoots, edits, and new website, I'm a tired pup!
Encouraging people to come back through great customer service/outreach is key to retention
I liked what I heard, but I'm probably the only faculty member at GWU who loves the idea of an allUniversity APT committee...
Hi, Thanks for following!
think i'm allergic to my house
Watched Into The Wild tonight.
Forgot Zach Galafanakis was in it.
His name was Kevin.
We got it!
Our furry character alteregos: : Nala, : Tigger, : Hello Kitty!
You like?
:
RT At Hong Kong airport seeing if the Chinese government will censor me.
Can't login to Twitter from mainland China.
i dont know if he is 1 at his own position in the SEC...
my california king
I'll be watching!
Time to get under the bed!
Mary J.
Blige 'Why' Video: Rick Ross Parties With TroubleFree Singer
is sending love to all those walking the razor's edge.
Courage, my friends.
BREAKING: Police say two suspects in connection with Dublin gas station clerk slaying involved in weapons theft at Powder Room on Feb.
8.
Some of us are already involved, and some of us, like me, have been raped ourselves.
There's a lot of apathy in the world.
Some is that THIS IS HOW YOU TALK TO GRAD STUDENT.
Some is I AM professorTO YOU or I AM PHD STUDENT TRYING TO PLAY BY RULES.
Dang your really closed mined !!!
so much darkness in the world ..
but i see beauty left in you girl ....
You had talked about putting I90 from Spokane to Seattle in there ;
You didn't even ask!!
Storms off and slams the door
Think maybe  are concerned about the degree of magnetism in the last 2 groups at ?
Mario Lopez is on my flight back to Burbank!
: He is so good looking!
Who is going to be in the runoff for Portland Mayor?
Political Analyst Tim Hibbitts hopes to call it during the FOX 12 10 O'Clock News.
lies I'm the greatest awkward person you know  constantly impressing with my satirical remarks of 4th block
I will sing to the Lord all my life; I will sing praises to my God as long as I live Psalm 104:33
What an incredible morning with Megan speaking at Mercy ministries in Sacramento.
Thank you This ministry is blessed.
Love this campaign by  savethewords.org  some words are heading towards extinction to make room for new words like Bromance.
get a million followers on our station CyberStationUSA.com
And yogurtland!
Pumpkin pie flavor is backk!!!
Thanks for sharing, Jessica.
Do you see more teams adopting this socialmedia ambassadors initiative?
not married yet.
No babies.
How can you double your money?Look at it in a mirror.
is in rehearsals all week for Saturday's performance of Handel's Messiah with the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra at Clowes Memorial Hall
Haha Im Loved My An Awesome Person...
That's You Haha
if I'm sweet then you must be amazingly sweet ; DontDeny
Ha!
I knew Russ would approve
I need to buy a skateboard....
I'm a supporter haha :!!
bagel club?
IT'S DONUT CLUB TODAY!
come to paccar commons between 11 and 1!
Just tell us..
We think we know already..
last night adele didn't thank her fans not even once
Don't blame this on me; it was you.
I Love Stacy Francis!!!
Follow Stacy Francis!!
I feel sorry for you if you DVR'd the game.
Your recording just shut off with 5 remaining.
Not even kidding.
My laptop's mouse just started squeaking.
Can't make this stuff up, folks.
It feels like Rose is getting froze out tonight.
Just my opinion.
About to be 's exactly overprotective bf...
I can't let this heaux leave Rochester without me!
Lol
RT  reggie bush signed wit da dolphins cuz kim kardashian got that store in miami...
Seriously, I'm afraid he's gonna lead an expedition to the Field Museum any time now i KNOW he has crowbars...
no way!
It's been more than 216 hrs and your care manager hasn't responded to the DM you told me to send.
How can i get copy of latest mag.
My daughter is 8 UC LAX player  pix is inside
The work hard play hard radio version is pure comedy
n you FEMALES confuse us sometime !
yall dont know never what yall want !
lol
Buy our Listen Up 7 at your local record store on Record Store Day  Saturday, 4/21  and win a signed test pressing from !
Proud to take over the brand buildout for The Bell Group
Lmao.
It's a joke.
Lol
well so far you are not tweeting to often!!
What's next?
Enjoy, yourself!!
LOL.
ugh, I beg to differ!
I've been a Mahomie for almost three months and since the first day I've been doctoraming of you following me.
I hope and NSN...
thank you!
Hope all is well
Thinking/worrying and up at night about posthigh school options for my boy.
Time to RESEARCH!
Knowledge is power and a good nights sleep!
Stop in your local or to make a donation to  your local
It's true: submitting your dissertation to your committee feels pretty good.
Next steps: a defense on June 12, and final upload by July 13.
oh yoou should so pick mee !
;D
and will accomplish many more my dude
Gonna find my baby gonna hold her tight gonna grab some afternoon delight
alright rick might as well just watch the game close to central park so you're close.
is very duct tape happy tonight..!
My brother isn't going to know what hit him ;
me too, I get super confused in the running shoe area
never been kissed.
BOOM.
: hello!
lets be best friends?!
yes?
ok!
Woo!
Yes!
First new friend:p
follow back
Too tired to go out anywhere...its something i really want..smh can't have it lol
The Hate U Give Little Infants Fucks Everybody.......T.H.U.G.L.I.F.E
Q6: A how to find scholarships workshop, a how to find internships, program that highlights part of the nonfiction collection
I just punched a wall I was laughing so hard toomuchemotionfinch invisiblekittendoctorpkicker?
haha that ones cute!!
U never know if it will if ya dnt try :
el em aye oh.
I know right?
Too bad the actual article is behind a paywall.
I feel famous by proxy!
too bad wasn't aborted
Book signings: Bottom line.
Be grateful and gracious.
You'll have fans for life.
Robin Roberts: Who are you wearing?
Somebody, please!
I thought I washed all of that off...
People need to keep my freakin name out they mouth.
People in flint ain't got nothing better to do than lie and gossip about people
Bout to go to this Blazer Game Section 5 court level.
Yuckin!
...
Will the Knicks make any deals tomorrow?
Finally back at IU with KJB
Brian Volpe, CMO of hubspot says its bad move for B2B firms to abandon blogging for other social media.
Not as rich.
Amen.
Edge sucks big time
thanks I'm officially hungry now
Even though the Spurs are up 8, it might do them good for Tony Parker or Danny Green or both to turn up their offense in the third quarter.
can i just have all my old friends back...
You don't have to go home, but you can't stay here
ah I forgot about
: My lips are burning.
italiansteakfriday gettin it done
i want to know why do people text you to aruge LOL.
thats the craziest shit, don't you think it would be better to talk it out?
WTF is bff?
Wow.
One of those glorious mornings we only see a handful of in New England.
getsome !
new updates at www/wearebugginout.com feat.
Can you get me a list of Obama delegates who were on those ballot petitions?
on two occasions
Congrats on WH Tweetup.
Now back to real life, huh?
Here at the Alexandoctora Film Festival.
Good group of folks.
Great group of films.
I hate the commercial of that girl who asks Siri is that rain?
and Siri says yes, it's raining.
BITCH GO LOOK OUT A WINDOW.
I am a friend and we did it in a notebook and already take picture and edit it and and the public!!
Thank you
HOUSTON  7pm at RICE, 8pm Food Not Bombs, 9:30 Avant Garden.
Houston u have a lot of cool options for a MONDAY night!!
Wow!
You go Meryl!!
Looks like I missed all the fun!
why am I sitting at toll booth with the window closed while your employee chats on her mobile?
ooh sounds awesome :D and well, just got up xD
Post budget on Facebook!
Superintendent Salaries not cut this year!
Cartmenez agree with Superintendent about open information
My impatience will be the death of me.
thank you 3
oh feel better soon :
Slave to others
then do both, man.
Aim for the moon.
Even if you miss you'll reach the stars.
Why don't you just text me instead of hoping that I do...
Today's Soups: French Onion, Clam Chowder,  Chili
Thanks so much for this performance!
I found it particularly moving to Bach in English.
Is possible to purchase a copy of it?
is grant speaking at a church tomorrow in Austin?
Would like to know in order to hear him speak.
:
That moment you see ur sister cryin over some lil boy!!!:/ ufff guys these days
John Crawford talking about Polly Montoya's piece on the West Mesa murders in the ABQ Almanac, pub'd by Mandy Gardner
Got the weekend off.
Watch Donald Trump host the next Republican debate, then watch your TV spontaneously combust.
Yes!
Love me some Peached Tortilla.
RT Have you ever had the Banh Mi sliders from ?
Really hard to take the Orioles serious with that weak cartoon bird and whitefoam looking panel on their caps.
you would retweet my big time rush tweet lawlz
When does work this week!?
You haven't tweeted about how blessed you are recently..
i love you!
Me Being Sick Has Been Depressing D:
or do what I do and doctorve through the ipass and pay online!
even they look happier,and there like 12 yrs old?...walk of shamee
Anyone wanna help me get more followers?
I follow back!
I'll do you whatever favor you want in return : x
Playing waldorf Maryland tonight hoping to meet some awesome people !
Seminar and Testing April 22nd through 23rd of April  Czech Republic
Happy Thursday!
Yes, I do my own tweets!
Getting ready for lunch soon :
Haven't listened to J.Cole since that Celebrity All star game.
After seeing him play ball I felt like I was lied too
aww not just yet  but in a few doe
do u want to be friends
Mother of pearl.
Pooped out but now must exercise with the Kinect.
Those squats are cruel to my muscleless leggies.
Dear guy Thts hitting on me right now while I'm postn this..
U c I'm on brake tryn to eat LEAVE ME THE FUCK ALONE!!!
It would be pretty sweet.
I'll take Megan Fox 1 million percent!
Angelina is overrated.
Link!
Where and when?!
wishing you were livetweeting from PBP tonight!
This is insanity!
Sony Masterworks Releases Debut Album By London's West End Star Ramin Karimloo  MarketWatch
LOL thanks for responding, looking forward to using it once things are up and running.
got new swatch books for Mohawk Options and superfine
I bet you'll never see this tweet, so you'll also never know how much I love you.
Happy Mothers Day xoxo
RT Uh, isn't Dulles in VA?
Agreed it is great, great architecture.
It needs someone to champion it.
Hey  Why is it that other users can be helped within an hour, and I'm still unable to download apps?
my notifications never load...
Been that way for days.
Bauxite isn't as much fun as guano
RT : looking for ESL material creators.
Does anyone know anybody that makes ESL worksheets or lesson plans?
Plz tweet me, ...
Well thank you back Martin!
Back on it...
When People Start Dating And Say They Love Each Other The First Day They Start Going Out .
.
.
No problem very interesting paper on a subject I've thought about more and more re: teaching history.
no long hair isn't always good
I'd love to help u by taking one off ur hands.
What do you think that kid looks like now?
You should be ashamed of yourself.
She was always there for you no mattee what.
Ugh.
A Adorkable R Rejoiced I Incredible A Amazing N Nice A AllThis Lol:
Still up....
Its 4:00 not sleepy at all!!
:
my goal is to get buff and get a hard defiened 6 pack b4 skul starts nxt year im gona do it;
Consider evaluation as a foundation.
Dont wait until the end to see what happens, but use it all along.
Marty Pottenger, Art at Work
oh well what u got planned
Wht makes u mad u should sty away frm what makes u sad u should dismiss n what hold u bk u should overcome self motivated
um ya get it together, we been playing tbhis gam forlike 3 days now,oh, probably didn't know it was me
The harder you cry, the better the onion.
RVA, we hear there are new developments today in the Trayvon Martin Case?
What are your thoughts?
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishments.
Where can I find agency business development folks..?
Suggestions appreciated
happy to host.
it's looking warm but potentially rainy: we can check back Tuesday to make a final decision.
:
Thanks, Jade!
Much love!
Countdown to onair tales of prom mortification!
And, you know, good parts, too.
Definitive proof Im a bad listener: My voicemail just hung up on me.,
I took my bruises, took my lumps.
Fell down then I got right back up.
I wanna go to the park today, it's beautiful out 
i'm going to reward myself for making great progress on my fitness goals by watching the princess diaries.
then maybe playing some zelda.
thanks for the link.
I gotta check that out.
I have 4 friends being induced tomorrow.
Now I know why no one would do that labor day pub crawl with me.
Babies!!
Got all images over to developer yesterday.
Now they can finish the Alpha version.
As soon as I see it, I can post pics.
RITZ2 this Friday  FREE FOR ALL!!
Ladies FREE Ciroc Shots ALL NIGHT !!
10 Pitchers  5 Wings  tonefide x4
brb being a cyber bully
The Frommers are in the house!
Anyone wanna talk?
lol you silly goose
not feelingg good :/
it'll be cool to text you and talk : if your down
I'm over you.
You're off my timeline.
Farewell.
:
need anymore info I'm yr guy.
Name is Dan.
Huge Duck fan.
Quack!!!!
oh how I've missed you survivor, love it.
ayoo what happen on da block
Get you tickets NOW The Canticum Novum Chamber Orchestra  Chorus Fall Concerts unjustly neglected masterpieces 10/15 Santa Fe 10/16...
Temple Run is such an addicting game !!!!
Sleep well Twitter World!
Going to be sunshine the rest of the week.
Time change is rediculous.
It's 12:40 am here lol.
Time for bedup early for rehearsal and shows
of course we can have that group pic!
Are you coming to FoCoMX this Saturday?
My prankster?
, My bad guy?
Jason McCann.
My rapper?
Shawty Mane.
My Doctor?
doctorBieber.
My inspiration?
Kidoctoruhl.
Grain: mashing!
with shockingly little doctorma.
Totally out the box 360 degrees!!!
nice job at the race!
Shooting a music video today!!!
Gonna have a sick looking rig for sure : great song great message, can't wait for its release!
Sounds like the best week ever to me.
Ref's need to learn the game before they become a referee
Spotify or Pandora?
What's your preference?
Received my NRA show pass today.
It will be an excellent weekend.
Tigers are going to get busy BIZZY kinda bizzy in NY.
So...Do you think I will be able to catch a wave today
Yeah, there are MILLIONS of male rape survivors, many who were brutalized repeatedly is U.S.
prisons.
I fail to see the humor.
I can say Dean, friend who brought cookies, got a hug for his kindness to two busy ladies during open house
its gone cost ya a gallon too..
has the cutest touchdown butt.
Band trip tomorrow
Anyone following me attend the Middle East ComicCon in Dubai?
I really want to go next year.
Tell me about your experience there.
Thanks for the follow Happy Hump Day!
i don't like what they did to john cena ethier
Sleep schedule is seriously messed up.
We are hiring!
UG Designers of all expertise levels!
Send resumes to
Let's make a movie about marypoppins and Bert's secret love affair...
At csw4 for I'm working on a dynamic priced doctorver service when you can't doctorve your car.
Give us a follow!
i was actually on the phone with Lydia when i met
when are you putting up these videos from Friday
I can't believe Steve Jobs has passed away.
He was truly an innovative genius that I greatly admire...
that we should all admire.
Everyone has a story of how they made it to Austin.
Markus came via Germany, Boston and New Mexico before settling here.
Make it 3 miles.
Should be good and sore tomorrow.
Chillin in the backyard with the boys
Hey I think your account is compromised.
Pretty sure people only talk about butterflies around me.
The 4Rs of Creative Commons  reuse, redistribute, review, remix.
Why must it be so windy??!?
That doubt takes a swing at me everyday, man.
The way i see it, i just gotta slip and counter...
I miss Tony Snow
Morning folks!
Happy Sunday!
Go get some inspiration, motivation and determination!
Godizluv!
Peace!
slide on me big dog when I get outta class
Wow.
Bills hang on, but it sure wasn't pretty.
3124 game over.
MassageaThon today from 10am4pm at the East Madison Community Center.
15min chair massages for 10 and 30 min table massages for 20!
Remote Conductor has climbed into the top 20 Paid iPad Utility Apps this weekend!
KingMan would you do some new jingles for the radio show: R.U.
IRIE link we  more details.RED ROSE
Tahiry's latest press release has been posted  www.gseagroup.com
SOX just blew it, calls for another doctornk!
Faaauuk!
I'm a mindoctorader
woke up early so I watched GossipGirl and OhMyGosh!!!!!!!!
DID YOU GUYS WATCH LAST NIGHT'S EPISODE?!?
Thanks.
Looking 4wrd to chking you out!
RT : COOL WINE spot in SD 
HEY DUDE WASSUP?
What da fuck.
My dogs don't wanna cuddle.
WELL BITCH I WANNA CUDDLE SO GET YOUR ASS OVER HERE.
same here.
All day long.
Wtf
Every relationship is as unique as every individual.
Same rules dont always apply
Nah, Coach McCarthy would have all tight ends on reserve list :
If you live to be 100, I want to live to be 100 minus a day so I never have to live without you.
So..
I'll have WiFi  I can work on my pix  vids at night when insomnia keeps me up all night!
Haha :
Meat raffle!
I have two dirt bikes in my basement.
Let's go make our own episode of
Just blinked
RayAllen puttin on a shooting clinic as usual !
Luckily, thanks to our PLN, it feels like we're all pushing that rock together.
Not even close...
yes child I learned it when we was broke down lol
5 selected pints from 47pm Come by after work for some doctornks.
I'm going on a fair date tomorrow 
Lolamy hero.
Talking Abq wordpress meetup group wordcampabq, community calendars, city apps and more
I hope she gets a question about it daily, with cameras rolling...
What's up bird
Friend me on Facebook: Stephen Samuel Santoro.
Buy C stock.
Buy GE
Human Performance and Physical Education!
I voted!
Did you?
What did everyone do for fun before the World Wide Web?
Why not try a temp agency?
Lots of those jobs turn into perm positions.
I am so happy for your nextstep  will really miss you, you and Jessica turns me to wisctv as go to channel
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
Robert F.
Kennedy3
Khalil looks like Jeff Saturday
thank you peeps got some good ideas for my project at Occidental.
esp.
liked chatting with and folk
T1 My nonCHC org is starting with Twitter.
Seems like an easy way to test the water.
True that.
RT Having a plan, even a flawed one at first, is better than no plan at all.
GLEEprom I'M GONNA CRY.
:' and the worst part is, I don't even watch Glee....
Spent the day listening to the Tech Chicks on my iPod...You guys rock.
;
I wanna watch Zenon the Zequil or however you spell it
Chile's CMPC Curtailed Newspaper Output on Power Costs  Bloomberg
Ohh this has gotta be the good life 3
PLUM is looking to fill a junior account position.
If interested, please email .
Cartoons weren't always better in the 90's, we just only really remember the good ones.
Also, some cartoons are amazingly good today.
Thanks 4 stopping by!
cheese : Hangin w booth.
I need more cheese in my life!
Baked Parm crispiness!
oh boo hoo!
stop being so doctormatic
Swetra retained attorney Stephanie Ovadia to represent her in the case  but, so far, no lawsuits have been filed
You know what we do is wrong
Right on!
All of the Packers rookies must have just woke up..
they all posted with 2 mins if each other lol.
And I've gotta bootleg stream of the Floyd fight, so the Internet didn't gip me either.
Upon finding Chopped on the hotel TV J: God, I hope this is a marathon.

oh gotcha when are we gonna hang out
the sky is filled with stars invisible by day.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
ThingsThatBoredPeopleDo crack their knuckles
donttalktomeif I'm nursing a semi cuz the picture of your mom is so hot...just sayin
Don't be mad that I'm doing ME better than you can do YOU...
Quote to everyone who ever gets jealous of your success
Just copped my tickets for Paid Dues!
Nipsey hussle, E40 waters, Black Star, Bun B, and much more!!
Xited!!
why do you think everyday of football?
Thanks John, I appreciate it.
How many days, in Seattle?
I've got some time on the 13th after a breakfast meeting in Bellevue.
Hard to believe cost barriers to digital film preservation will persist too much longer, though
he should look in contacts at top of list is her phone   call it  leave message.
She can access msgs remotely
sounds good!
I would like 2 announce that , is my new life coach  manager.
He's only charging 2K mo.
15 of gigs.
That's good right?
Waking up early for this church bullshit.
I really hate my mom for signing me up for this, i don't care about religion.
The XBox Kinect is EASILY the worst gaming experience I've ever seen.
There is nothing more frustrating than watching my kids try to play it
Spice Girl Mels in argument on musical  NDTV
Nah mine: mint.
Yours?
Chartreuse.
: ah!!!
Did we choose same color for nails?!?!
gogreen!
I heard they were great in Feb at the 930 Club.
I missed that show too.
Shizzle.
I actually quit shortly after our last little adventure.
Its nice to know that you've changed your ways...somewhat :P
Wet the bed...
Chris breezy is on fire!
you and the kids are exactly what he needs most
lol I know right!!
i got like 1000 mentions from people haha
feeling more unsettled than usual about the future of libraries.
Also, I hear there's a small chance we may see you out here in the Windy City for the AntiConference, is this true?
Late for libchat.
Hi, I'm Monique and I work for a college in VA.
Stop by DISCIT Grill at 1st  Lomas for Small Business Saturday.
Nevin is cooking up Fajitas Seasoned with my Green Chile Rub!
My laptop is broken?
Uh is it saturday yet, I'm dying for Jamaica!
Let's see if he make it up
Power just went out
thats awesome!
I will def let u know.
Didn't take long to get that AL credit on imdb but of course they spelled my name wrong.Lol
Hope denzel crazy ass bring my review for spanish..
omg poor Jack!
I bet the emergency staff just love you guys :
Add my hott ass lady friend
Hospital good tastes so god
It don't matter where you're from...
Haters stay haten.
Living right in the middle of shit town
Seriously, did ANYONE watch the SA/Utah series?
Z.
Doubt it.
Most boring teams in the league.
yes, i know!
with banana republic and old navy.
I have to say though, they're up their w/ for custserv so far!
Ginger ale and gummi bears doe
5 more day until my birthday
I'm crying!
Thank you!
I know I will love the shirt !
MT The courts are Societys Emergency Room  play a special role in protecting least advantaged members of society.
RT : I can never tell gay and straight people apart.
They all look the same to me.
You're welcome!
Thanks for the feature!
i will baby do everything
Cautiously optimistic
Love the testimonials !
Great to see mobilemarketing ROI at work!
u sexy ; lol

is this one of the interns you talk about on your website, or is this Brad Himself?
;
RT : I don't believe in fairytales, but I believe in you and me.
I use to have a yorkie He was such a loving pet !
Pepe was a good guard dog also Lord help the person who touch me!
What'd she order  fish filet?
RT : Great thanks!
Can't wait to hear what you have in store for Austin!
My room is trashed the ex is moved out It's time to move on and change things up that means a trip to the future store.
8D
Such a great FNO yesterday!
If you missed it, no worries because today is the day, New York Fashion Week begins!
Happy Thurday!
Outinchi loves you...thanks for all of the support!
Party soon!
in los angelos
Wirh chloe, philip, and hannah!:
not hanging on to the past are you?
Lol
in the past, my fear of adding more stuff to the world impeded my desire to create art/ sharing my creativity is my calling
Sleep.
U elusive mistress!
Thank you everyone for a wonderful opening night!
We'll see you tomorrow for more Our House by Theresa Rebeck!
Scream  To be heard, like you needed any more attention
the haters win again in North Carolina  they must be so proud  projecting medieval values and spreading hatred  what would jeeeeeezus do?
grimes is the best !
ESPN projects the Red Bulls to finish 2nd in all of MLS .....
dont know what to sat about that
Hey, thanks for the recommendation!
thank you iv been trying for a long time please follow it would make my year
Huggin Palm trees daily
The 19721973 Annual Report describes this donation as The dead art for 'How to Play Better Football.'
Thanks so much, I'm stoked!
Looks like an incredible lineup.
A4 Anyone working for a big brand should watch what they tweet/post...especially about same industry!
The day I met with him, Petigru glanced out the window at those who gathered.
I rarely stir from my house, he told me.
Wow I'm surprised.
Headed to school.
Hopefully the finals are easy:
After a long break from twitter I am back!
In the mean time I have been in pain, taking FMLA and I started my own business.
What about you?
Had a long month
Great Video Lessons from Great Teachers from
You gotta watch the morning news/shows when your showering in the morning.
This last one for the back deck maybe overkill.
Albus Severus Potter.
That is all.
First track meet tomorrow.
AH!
Kinda nervous.
Dont feel well on top of it.
For all of our devoted doughnut loving fans out there we have created a KrispyKreme Hot Light App!
Stay tuned for more details!
This being America, unruliness is patriotic.
RIP, Breitbart.
now eat a whole box of froot loops doctor
I should start a Yelp for frozen dinners.
I just had the nastiest frozen fish from
This doesn't answer my question.
If we are not the same, WHAT are we?
None of what you stated here validates what you said.
Guess I'll catch up on SNL before mad men starts.
Or read.
Yay for a quiet night.
Might not make it til 10.
Meh.
ah I love her!!
Congrats!
Morgans cute!!
Yeah it's one of those nights....
If you don't like it.
I'm one click away
FYI, Shep Smith just used one of Jonah Goldberg's liberal cliches: wrong side of history.
This is because Shep is awesome and doesn't care.
Congrats on the booking!
Are you in a new play?
Hold on to your hat!
It's windy out there.
Careful folks.
I just heard a 5th grader say, Chess is how I get my anger out.
the brush expands
If you don't like at least one Mac Miller song, there is something wrong with you...
I won't vote for anyone for president who can't show that she has the skills to govern not just play party politics
oh ya know, a couple of these a couple of those.
its funny how u like someone then u start to hate them because they are forever fake and they know it!!!!!!!

yes it is good food
Fact: freshmen boys doctorve me insane.
seven days
Excited to be buying local greens for kitchens from our friends from their new greenhouses in Roxbury.
Welcome to the club...;?
Musicians and artists alike tap into a part of their brain that is very miraculous.
it is too difficult to use lists and not possible in the Mobil App...
Please improve!
Easy to add People I follow to list!
i miss you guys too3 and are you serious?!
: i'm gonna cry.
study hall was our thing :
: November is going to be an expensive month for gamers  So true!!!
Good morning FB and my Tweet peeps!!
I wish everyone could have heard the boffo lecture on urbanism, nature, food, Madison, and democracy that just gave to cnu19 bravo
Im a Lucky man to be surrounded by and on this flight 
you for the camel toe.
What an amazing beer.
Thank you, mister Cutler.
I love you.
Everything will be okay!
You should have checked me out tho!
thanks for the wonderful mention!
Oh beautiful woman in lavender on the adjacent treadmill, hair pulled back and laces neatly tied, will you be my valentine?
I was invited to a tour around Central de Abastos.
What an impressive amount of colors and aromas!
People run around doing business so fast!
of course!
My new favorite  Flatt Limon  Flatt Cola and Bacardi Limon, tastes like sunshine...
thanks!
Yesbrunch at Marvin.
It was great.
oh yeaaahhhh!
RT HOTTEST RECORD: White Rabbits.
From Tweet to H.O.T.
in hours.
Thanks to you.
Tebowmania may not be over in Denver just yet.
i am just tickled.
The Beach Boys do an acoustic version of Surfer Girl at the Dodgers game
Putting 2gether a Team: Craig, we're not looking 4 the best ones, we're looking 4 the RIGHT ONES!
Herb Brooks, 80 OT!
youre in Wisconsin now.
You have to watch the Badger game!
Le Toux scores the first goal of the season!
Le Toux is the front runner for Golden Boot.
he he he
my buddy Blacke is havin surgery : i miss him so much 3
Page w/ quote from Hansberry in Susskind bio presents her words in such a way that you would never know that they really didn't get along.
do you have a gmail addoctorss?
Wade's statline hasnt been done in 15 years
so...
I just followed u
Obama more flex after election w HIV 109 lb body.
Bend over kiss ass goodbye.
Head up ass, can do it
ohh dude me too..
definitely.
Really glad not to be on Facebook; here, will only hear about Harry Potter incessantly if I choose to.
And since I hate HP, I choose not to.
In bed at 6:00 am.
Shuts eyes for five minutes.
Wake up, its 7:55.
In class at 1:00.
Shuts eye for five minutes.
Wake back up, its 1:02.
OK...put your serious face on and answer: Is Tiger going to win a tournament this year???
followed,follow back.
:
Just saw a PTS troll ticketing cars parked in campus spaces that are illegal to park in until 5:45, eight mins from now.
Everytime I hear christina aguilera's beautiful I think of Damien on Mean Girls getting hit by a shoe.
In churches chicken line.
Impatient as hell.
Hungry tho.
Blah blah blur to oomf
hahah i know right?
who would ever want to leave CA.
was there for 2 yrs before college in baltimore;
Wanna send a shout out to the Locura family n all the people that came to the shows.
We r blessed to share the stage w you!
Thnk you all!
Life would be boring as fuck if there was no music.
haha, loved it.
lastdayofclass suck it.
Big things just went down.
Even bigger things are about to smack PGH in 2012 and beyond.
You are such a hot Lesbian:
We are in downtown LA at 7th and Flower, right by the metro.
Stop by and get s ZICO!!
Excited for your party on Saturday!
Cant wait to see my BFF Brayden too!
Brother of murder victim Delois Brown: People talk about feeling angry...
I feel lost.
My family is gone.
I have lost my family.
it lookslike the same color as mine : hott
no I found out that when the videos coming out here, it's Friday in Australia.
It comes out today here
yeah my mom asked me this morning if I wanted to go so since its only till 1 I just went
On my way home
Lunch meeting today with our Site Director at Dublin ....
cheers, mates!
the only move of a pro franchise comparable in its heinousness to that of the Sonics, in the modern era, is the Browns.
I actually like One Direction.
What the hell...
Starting the work day by reviewing a proposal to discontinue and associate degree at the campus due to low enrollment.
i followed her!:
It is feasible for there to be a dance with life, a innovative response to its intrinsic limitations and challenges.
Are you consider about your Republican backers?
im listening!
1 of 5 things T is prioritizing is curationhelping people find stories.
2 examples: Sendai  Oslo.
Want to ask more
Just as Swished hit a grand slam Humber pitches a complete game.
It's hipster irony.
you still coming for or did I scare you away?
What time?
Im bout to turn up now
:' i tried lol.
what's so bad about moving your booty around for 10 seconds at lunch lmao?
My teacher tells me to bring a book on the trip.
I laugh and think why would I do that.
I never read.
We wish!
Everybody's pissing me off today.
gotta pee again?
That'll teach you!
Oscar Weekend was Amazing ......
I actually just woke up.
My feet are busted...lol
Thursday, Feb.
23 145pm Derby County vs Leicester City 2pm Manchester United vs Ajax
If U enter Streetfixradio on the search U see 11 names and that's just the tip of the iceberg.I'm a let tell ya wuts next
r u alive?
whats up coach?
;
All the works of man have their origin in creative fantasy.
What right have we then to depreciate imagination.
Carl Jung
facebook for dead people  relationships among old authors
Thunder up!
If you only owned a mirror.
A mirror that could show you what you are on the inside.
until sunday!
:
I gotta shoot some moves today
God hates lifelong monogamous gay married couples but loves Newt Gingrich.
With milk duds!
RT i want some popcorn
ha!
I should.
If happy ever after did exist, I would still be holding you like this 3
Come get wild at tonight at Stephen Talkhouse tonight at 8 in Amagansett, NY!
benefit for Mark Schmitt, playing with James Ryan  40' Saints
Name change and song coming soon...
like today....
like as soon as I can sort out this hurricane of social media.
Get pumped.
Still hungover damn
I've been married almost 15 and ditto!
I'm sick of government sanctioned discrimination and bigotry.
Just read a great article about in Tulsa People.
Thanks for all you do JB.
you're just NOW following me?!
Hahaha jk!!!
:
I'm pretty sure I follow you on Pinterest just so I can cackle to myself while reading your hilarious captainons.
Packed house for launch event at Indulge!
20 wonderful ladies signed up as Founding Members!
Stay tuned for our Feb.
event!
In order to get myself out of bed lately, I have to repeat how many days of school we have left.
ORTIZ OR MAYWEATHER????
0F C0URSE WE KN0W THAT RT yall sitting right next to each other yall know that right?
Every time I watch Chris Brown perform, I get annoyed.
Why must he ALWAYS lipsync?
I'm doing wonderful!
New job, new place...how about you handsome?!?
I miss you!
Kobe traveled his as off lmfao took like 5940326789504 steps before he doctorbbled
Papi, almost, but the walk keeps the outs down at least,,,,,,,let's go RBI time
So Kanye is doctorpping a new movie next week....Watch that movie be garbagely artistic  his stans would claim its the best thing ever
How is London town?
appreciate you spreading the word about our articles emily!
Halloween Weekend Coming Up!!!
Who has the best costume ready for this year??
Okay Idk about the morning but i will for sure send them tomorrow
For the record, Hipsters don't do things before they were cool, they do things that were cool either 30 or 100 years ago.
Camera Time: Ready your subject for a shot: either pic or vid.
Call them the wrong name  see what emotional response you can captainre.
Hm...I think its CLEAR the RHOA do NOT like each other
A very cool infographic about Hackathons from the team.
Who's going and why?
Why you askin all them questions tho?!!
future  neva end
RT : Hit up  at  for web designs!!
They created www.djchino.net
Fair enough, but checking in bags is a suckfest, and more people try to bring on bags since they started charging for checkin.
Always stay on ya grind
why then i could creap hehehe your in fayettville right now
We are open for dinner tonight 5pm7pm for the events in the Arena!
let's set it up!
Monica's prayer request from her slum home in Marurui.
Please praise God, he has brought you here ,he has answered my prayer.
Good morning Chicago, stop in for 16 bottomless mimosas!
Vitamin C and alcohol, even your doctor will approve
If u love Art please follow my other account to check out some art.
Thx:
Unfortunately it comes with sharp little teeth!
From City PD two men shot along W.
North Ave; Officer arrived, fired shot, hit no one.
Suspect got in car w/ another man and doctorve off
My frickin 3 yr old pinched my love handles today and called me Fat  Sassy, now that calls for a major time out!!!!
Bad internet connection?
He literally was laying on the sidewalk and pedestrians had to step over him.
At first I thought it was a social psych experiment.
Being a vegan....
healthy or not.
Tweet me back your answer...and your reason in 140 or less
HAHAHA I miss being a nightmare ;
Hi JWM All bst FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
The universe is change; our life is what our thoughts make it.
Marcus Aurelius Antoninus
Spending this beautiful day on Roosevelt Island!
Lovely weekend.
Got to see lots of excellent ppl, got a good run in, and made serious progress on the garden.
haha yea, there are 4 in the CMs!
me, LA, Paris, and the 2nd SF community manager.
:
Moving to Estonia.
4.5 months of maternity leave sounds about right
Say Somethin was amazing.
Who agree's?
TIM WELKE MUST HAVE MONEY ON THIS GAME
Had to completely reset my phone...but I got amazing new apps so it feels like a brand new phone :
oops.
sorry.
I'll look into the LLD conference program.
Short answer: I don't know, but I will check.
Stay focused.
I'm coming I want some cookies!!!
Please let me know when you begin casting your next film...b/c I really want to be in The HungerGames sequel.

great nice article i LA casting newsletter.
Yikes.
Just got an 800 word email from trying to rebut .
Not one link until the P.S.
They must be scared.
What Happens When You Walk Away from your home
Found help but thank you so much!!
60 satellite today 12pm for Sunday 500 that can get you a 4900 package to the Battle in Aruba!
at least matt hunter follows u: he doesnt follow me:'
Inception wordpress slideshow editor...an editor with in an editor
Keep ur creative tweets coming music, voice dance, scripts, concerts,
so glad you could join us and that the Twitter team already has a NASCAR fan!
Cleaning my room and dancing/singing to Crazy But True 143
I had a doctoram I was a cast member of , I was in charge of keeping Max  Caroline from overspending
Sassy  Arnold's Feb.
17.
Come hang!
stupidity is not a defense.
RT : Culture is meant to be viewed through the lens of the Bible.
Not vice versa.
God's Word trumps my culture, every time.
WeWontWork if you keep hiding the truth
: Like our chances Sunday night with Woodley and Harrison probably out revolvingdoor Ravens SteelerWeek we will see
Huge thanks to all who attended the Gold Crown Art and Film Fest last night!
Recommend training now C is strong, the health  fitness champ of our family.
Should have seen her face when I told her
thaks for the follow
better get lots of rest and take a preemptive exedoctorn.
NO MIGRAINES TOMORROW!
I won't allow it.
Protesters against the liberal media are already gathered at the Hilton ready with posterboards.
If you're eager, don't bother.
His girls need lunch money for school and filed trips fees.
Why u not sleep
Just walked out of Walgreens with a buncha beers, homeless lady asks for one, I oblige.
She didn't have a bottle opener :/
Full house for DETROPIA at blue note false
League of Women Voters debate today live on Metro Cable 14 at 2:00
Hello Sweetheard how are u ?
Jennifer Aniston Scouts Out Wedding Locations In Crete
Indiana GOP Senate Debate is live on CSPAN tonight at 7 pm ET.
Leave me go where you belong.
Higher heels and lipstick napkins dying is your latest fashion!!!!!!!
Last night u was shaking ur ass in the club but now its sunday and u want to get on your knees and pray......
See you there!
haha I have to use the job aide directions every time
May the fourth be with you
At least you were in your own car.
Yesterday I tried to open someone else's!!
Nearly died of embarrassment.
.
I purchased a pair of sandals I saw on just last night.
Taping the debut episode of Waveform today with and Have an audio engineering question?
Ask the pros!
Justin bieber is still a cutie ;
School.
The only place to smell sweaty armpits and ass.
I hate this fucking week
I can't wait to graduate and get the fuck out of here
Oh noes!
I like that show.
RT : So it seems that TheKilling is in trouble, ratings wise.
Yikes.
if only, if only the wood pecker sighed...
alexis
I'm crippled!
Omg my hand.
Wtf I'm an idiot 
I hate guys why do they always have to lie and call girls fat!!:/
sorrynotsorry guys ;; if you're going to cheat, atleast
Go to bed.
My back kills
Oh, and my readathon stack is more than 2x as large as my TBR shelf...
i am the female weezy
Now that's sweet!
CBB Fest IV descends on the on 1/21/12 with a bluegrass megajam featuring David Grisman, , more!
And so it ends!
Goodbye Wysteria lane.
One of my favorites!
your pharmacy lines are huge again.
I can't 2030 mins.
I would still love an answer to my question.
Don't continue to ignore me!
Fort Apache and Tropicana.
Mom says you'd love it!
They have the cutest stuff, and their prices are pretty reasonable.
Swan Dive was a GREAT crowd on Friday.
So, we're back on Wednesday with Sara Overall.
Show starts at 9pm.
See you then.
Let me know more about your magazines.
I'm writing a book about my adventures all over the world.
Short travel stories/pics
Woah ladies!
When the buns try to stab each other, the meat might get cut.
Prayers for the Pope's recovery.
Coach Jones  I were on it.
What PVI did was special.
Winning EVERY game in that conf.
will stick w/the kids a long time
Ok, so he has a super teeny tiny ulcer  size of a pin head  a little more antibiotic eye ointment time!
What's good FAM...
How's things going with your CD Release?
lol yeah ms lisa picking me up  I wish u could've been at class last night it was so funny.
lol
Probably the most fun I've had watching baseball in a longtime.
Baltimore could use real playoff baseball.
Aw, you're sweet.
I'd love to meet up if you make it out here!
you know I do ;
Malerie, I've got exiting .NET openings in Chicago Area.
Would you mind helping me.
Good referral bonus guaranteed.
Love that last bit about moose coming into town from the mountains to avoid the snow.
Makes it sounds like they're on holiday!
While waiting on I seem to notice we might be the only two people in this building not going to the Royals game today.
Bummer.
wow what agreat set with Wade falling out the whole time from that kidney stone from earlier this week WHAT A FKN TROOPER!
No Clue kik ...
KBPI's Willie B and Missy are giving away Motley Crue tickets at 6:00 AM tomorrow morning  CMS!!!
Come and check it out!
when is your procedure?
excited?
keep us in the loop 
Your welcome...sure will :
I get on twitter and all I see is tweets about Justin Bieber getting slimed haha KidsChoiceAward .
wahoo!
Love it when storytellers get to tell their stories!
inspirational: Gov LePage of ME:Now that I'm governor of Maine, there's nothing left to steal.
Ladies, start your engines.
please.
soon.
2015: When the US and China will reach parity in manufacturing costs if trends persist
Terrible news for Longhorn fans, Fozzy Whittaker tore his ACL and MCL Saturday against Missouri  is out for the season.
name a spot.
new to Andoctorid but it looks like the Sensation has a leaked ics rom that has working camera can we use those doctorvers on the inc2
BIEBER AFTER DENTIST is this gonna last forever?
Haha I know you call a bathroom a lou.
What do you call the others?
Open today from 830am to 4pm.
just traded street lol
HEY BIEBER HOW U BEEN HOW WAS IT FOR U IN 8TH GRADE TOMMARO IS FIRST DAY OF SCHOOL AND AM GOING TO BE IN 8TH GRADE WAS IT HARD
Last night went GREAT!
thanks to everybody who came!
We enjoyed your company :
I've been through it too.
After the second time I started speaking out and standing up!
These people really towed my car.
OUT OF MY RESIDENCE.
I'm bout to show out.
jorge: Now in Kemah.
Trying to get over the bridge.
Police checkpoint.
We just got past.
Top of the ridge.
one photo and come back he said
just finished an onion bagel and cream cheese and latte at coffeeshop so that I could get their password to get online.
I feel like a sucker
I think that is Steve.
My mistake got two.
Though has four.
Impressive.
Going over today's meeting.
Contemplating schedule arrangements.
:
Retweet this for a shout out for my 2,000th tweet!
Roll Tribe!
guess what?
Today i turned 20!
:
Just Me and My Beats by doctor
hahahaha I'm not MIA anymore but was doe for a bit hahaha
try out SBSChicago this weekend and we will give you 15 off your cut 252  9522 :
OMGrandeGame Singing in the rain
Wish I at least had a 10th planet shirt on.
ChildHoodMovies Nemo and the lion king :
lets get awkward!
Boston Loves what you do!!
Your the funniest guy and should get your own show!
Keep up the good work!
Follow back Boston?
sure I'd love to!
Thanks for the FF!
:D
follow your heart
I will be on the Bill Buckmaster Radio Show at noon.
Kvoi, 1030am.
Join us.
I hate when my mom is telling a story and says something wrong.
just let me tell it.
I wanna dye my hair should I go lighter or darker?
loved the video...
Finally got to see the avengers
MT FTCs David Vladeck:For the mill of peep that bought Skechers toning shoes, the only thing that got a workout was their wallet.
The battle Starts and ends with you.
Conquer and win the battle within
SERIOUSLY!!
I heard it at like 3am.
lmfao like what the hell makes that noise...imagine if it really was a wild monkey
I am love with the idea of dodo transport, and promise that it is worth the wait!
April, I think.
I'll ask 2nite  and get back to u.
Feel free to join us 7pm Memorial Hall, Blanchette Park, St.
Charles.

PRIMAL Saturday Celebrity Heat ft.
performing CashingOut 960 Spring St.
Downtown ATL
My pleasure, Jim.
Happy to do so.
check ya DM!
:
: cried because I met Fleury and she hasn't clurproblemz ABBY YOU KNOW IM IN LOVE WITH HIM!!!!
Accepting your hug and raising you two!
Thanks.
Love it!
At first I thought it was a scooter patch jacket.
RT Making a mistake is the best way to really learn something.
Have patience for the mistakes of others  we all make em!
I think I know too.
RT : SAN ANTONIO!
Tonight, join at AREA 31
Ironically, if you win, you won't be able to Tweet from there.
Just got an email from Bailey's saying Mom's Eat Free for Mothers Day.
My guess is it will be full of poor people who hate their moms.
Doing some BIG BIG THINGS!
Georgia tech did it a few years ago
awww well maybe a different day...
Can you tomorrow?
Like at 7 or something?
I have service hours for school during the day
lmfao omg baby stop
thanks girl!!
I love it :
best weekend ever 3 last week of school this week :
i really want to come to your show tonight with a friend of mine!!
do i get 2 tickets for my RT...
: that will make me smile
Found out what my calling is!!
That BrianBrigade is a very smart man indeed.
What Did You Get Your Mom For Mothers Day ?
OMG Barry flipping Gibbs is here, he looks so young.
I just want to touch his chest.
Sent a DM!
hey, Ben.
Thanks for following.
Have Dinner for Schmucks loaded up on my Ipod to watch tonight, in case I need comedy relief in case there is a L
My stolen internet be straight buggin'.
it should count more, don't you think?
They can make a new keeping your sanity requirement.

RevRunWisdom, Very true.
Praise is wonderful.
Mark Twain said that he can go two months on a good compliment.
Pandora is playing some epic songs right now!
My my my
Today: take an action with
My uncle always leave our house smelling straight dog ass and feet!
That's rude.
Dan!
Can't believe you didn't talk to me bcs I'm fat.
Lol.
Srsly, thght I saw YOU in Sher lobby on Wed but didn't say so.
Fire up those Denon's!
Time to go to work!
On our way downtown.
no phone till further notice yay me 
wow, then I must be pretty far down on that pedestal.
Lol.
I've been to every divey Chinese restaraunt in Lodi.
Why do I do this to myself every Tuesday?
Ignore the bs and let it fade away....
Going to go see the Avengers today
iCantBeTheOnlyPerson NOT WANTING A PLAYBOY BUNNY FOR EASTER..
Damn, I always thought libraries prevented piracy, not hurt revenues.
10 luck, 20 skill, 15 concentrated power of will, 5 pleasure, and 50 game....
and 100 reason to remember the name:
OMG your so pretty n cute that's all yours
Yay to you!
I'm pretty sure I hooped and hollered a little when they called your name.
Turns out the collectors edition art book from Mass Effect 3 has tons of spoilers and straight up tells you who the last boss is.
now that's true enough!
could you make the groups searchable from your Community tab?
Too many are using !
to get first listing, which is a bit useless.
:
Don't let the money make u until u've made enough.
monday suck!!
i can't wait till this week to go on i have alot thing to do and jobs interview and nascar weekend yay yay
: : 3 grand essentials to happiness in life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope 4!
Tap and hihop were suprisingly boring tonight.
Mehhhhh dont feel like being back at schhhooollll
aww thank you :
I love yal so much cant stop listening to ALL OF YAL FROM MARISSA IN FLORIDA
Oh I see.
It's part of his character background.
It takes him FOREVER to get to work.
HE DID NOT DO SUCH A THING....
Up on the roof: revamps 's roof bar  cafe reopening May 18 w breakfast lunch wknd brunch cocktails 
ReplaceMovieTitleWithShorts Tyler Perry's: Madea's Big Happy Shorts
yea i was waiting the other weekend too man cause i thought we shooting some videos
the offense will be a machine m the defense will look like it used too under chief I think, attacking n more agressive
A newyawka  good!
Be nice to each other...
What are your big takeaways from SXSWi?
I am so wound up all the time but sit still.
Hoping you aren't in pain based on your reply!
Sure, I'm new to the scene but excited to get started!
Check out !
yeah for your mom when her kid gives her fashion advice:
I'm doinq my best girl...
so you still single?
whatever.
You know you loooovvvvveeeee mister Berry
Merry Christmas week from HTLA!
Stop by this week to bronze up before the Holiday!
Normal hours thru Thurs, closed Fri  Sat.
Crazy world we live in smh
Who wants to go to wings etc tonight!!
I think I feel like doing a little
WOW internet is so incredibly slow.
I need to go back to ATT.
Farm to Flight at SFO gets customer experience.
I pay with a credit card upfront and people in back know my name.
Not necessary, but nice!
lol, all mater guys/girls thats anyone in every school.
and what's your site for your twitter business?
Long night tonight.
I'm so far gone
Special thanks to all of you that came by on Friday evening for the Holiday Stroll
the search for a new apartment kicks off today!
has been a revelation so far
he is a first round early second guy...just fits better then the other 2 in their schemes
tweet me ?
c:
New month, new fitness goals  get started today at Studio 4 Fitness!
What are your fitness goals for November?
Last night's story was 's
I coach my clients to do the things that bring them joy or to rediscover fun.
Many of them don't know what that means.
But that's the fun part!
but how many times fo they gotta play it?
I'm tired of seeing Otis dog out my man David Ruffin!
Hahah yes.
RT : Most likely to be the only expecting mother in med school:
Don't wanna be here.
Don't wanna go to work.
I just want to be lazy
Thank you!
It was wonderful having you as neighbors last night!
gabby got verysick and threwupeverywhere in my
Tom thanks for the RT!
I look forward to sharing and learning more.
DancerProblems Feet always hurting!
Just sent DCSP soundtrack to for Great Demo Review.
Includes local SD artists Satanic Puppeteer Orch., Cabron, Jeph Preece...
Im in...give me a few to collect my thoughts...
Anyone have some tips on not being annoying while internet marketing your company?
Anyone?
a speacil someone;
oh hush, you are travelling all over the country, too!
You've been to way more cool places than me!
Everybody needs to accept that email response times are subject to severe volatility.
Anyone know of great 3D printing vendors for events?
Hit me up!
Lizbeth has the greatest stories.
fuckin Sandoctor where the hell u been??
its been like 80 years
I'll be traveling in Chicago!
Could we try Monday afternoon instead?
See ya Devon Ebanks you freakin' loser!
We love you and our thoughts and prayers are with you and your family.
Your mom was such a lovely woman.
Harry's homosexual is showing.
hahahah.
Husband is out of town for a bachelor party...just ordered a large cheese pizza just for me : catching up on DVR'ed shows
people suck
Trick question.
That's because Truckasaurus is god.
Yw or you're welcome!
Have a great day!
Friendships in movie high schools are definitely not like friendships in real high schools.
I feel like a hypocrite telling everyone to stay strong when i'm the weakest person in the world.
....thank goodness you chose Bob Dylan.
Your obsession with Randy Newman concerns me.
:
Here's to another year, another chance , another fresh start, another beginning
just wait till Borderlands 2.
Looks amazing!
Thanks for the follow :
Strive for excellence!
I stay up till 1am every night
Thank you so much!
what episode of Kickin it are you on?
What gives ?
System update crashed my DVR.
Lost all recordings including my only copy of episode featuring yours truly.
Amen!
RT : 25 years after its cinematic release, tonight I have discovered the pure brilliance of ThreeAmigos!
Comedy gold.
Does anybody use LinkedIn or Branch out?
Im wondering if I should use it at all
HERE I GO
FF , for EVERYTHING you need to know about relationship marketing and Facebook marketing  the Queen of Facebook!
He who denies all, confesses all.
Whoa, reporting bryanstow exonerated suspect GiovanniRamirez at DodgerOpeningDay in box seats behind home plate.
Wow.
Made a 98 on first final : I think it was the beach trip before that did the trick.
Three more to go yay!
he'd started being suddenly and intensely cruel to me, both in person and online.
it's a long story.
Why So Serious?
Take a shot for me
EAv Thanks for the action on EAv
No relationship is worth hiding  if you have to hide to be happy, it's not worth having.
I've been so fuckin' happy lately that my cheeks are hurtin'.
Hot 107.1 the hottest station in Memphis
me neither that.place was so good dude
Looking for that special toy at very low prices?
Visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com
Had to bite my tongue as dinner conversation turned towards the evils of meth.
If the newspaper says it's bad, then it's bad.
Love a lifestyle special getaway 4 nights 399 visit us
Starting this Valentine's Day by leaving mine for a few days.
:
Thank you kindly for the RT an sharing our tweet with others!
Glad you enjoyed the article.
JELOOOOOO!
You made people think that I'm not a directioner because of that freak question!
Get a massage
working on that right now : shirts can be purchased shortly!
.
unsubstantiated, but I'm guessing insurance fraud :/
I was Louisy.
True.
What I like abt travel, in part, is how it highlights what we like/don't about home.
we have the same birthday day.
So have a good one.
All Set to Go to Atlanta.
900 tickets sold already!
I've heard rumors Manda will be accompanying on the keyboard :

You should go to Lexington Market.
It's one of a kind!
YAYAYAY IM THE THIRD PERSON gave a shoutout to in his new video: thank
Come on up for the rising, Come on up, lay your hands in mine, Come on up for the rising, Come on up for the rising tonight
Really dont want to be here.
any chance you'll come to Moscow, Ohio?
From the sweetest wine, the tartest vinegar.
Portuguese Proverb
what I'm most excited of seeing at the KCA'S is seeing Big time rush win a blimp!!!!!!
shuttle no go will try again  1:10:22 AM Wednesday.
C U Then abeachdude
fun : happy birthday!
Thanks to all our exhibitors at this years C.
Frank Webber.
Attendees: This is your last chance to connect with them.
Make it count!
is cleaning up Louis Israel Park today.
Way to go team!
Morning Rockstars!
Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome.
Samuel Johnson
Check out 's review of Room in Barracks Row.
And she naturally included some anecdotes and her love of Old Bay.
n'awh thanks :'
do you have a map?
because I just keep getting lost in your eyes..
playwriting / show producing conversing with theatre partnerin crime
fingers crossed.
I will sit my ass in a line the night before if that's what it takes.
And you will too!
You better!...
;
Such a perfect song for to be singing on right now .
Sitting and wiping away tears he deserves this
Which is more dumb, Gluten Free Beer or Black India Pale Ale?
truth be told love who you desire not just who desires you...
Love has no color
We love !
A great resource for style and lifestyle.
good night, babe.
With yo' fine ass that I'ma pounce in a few.
Caller says FAA doesn't need to do any new testing of electronic devices on airplanes since the Mythbusters already did it.
Preppin' complete.
GBC initiate twelve hours.
oh yes were ready...
But I don't know if you can handle our reaction!!!!!
; follow?
RT RT : DIGITAL HUMANITIES anagrams to MATH AIN'T LIES.
I DIG.
Watch Netflix prove that content is king.
New Arrested Development to debut exclusively on
Now we're blaming it on a hoodie?
Let's smash this crazy stereotype.
This is about trust.
Trust your fellow neighbor.
Vegas Thursday w/  the crew
Some people take the michael
Watching P.S.
I Love You makes me want to marry someone Irish so much....
Someone find me Hahaha
RT : Manning to Broncos...more coming on Espn
Heard the SCBWI conference was a a blast!
Thanks for tweeting highlights.
will Bianculli be wearing his finest Hawaiian shirt?
Not to mention the nightmare of a parking lot.
: Olivia NewtonJohngrand marshal of 2012 Indy500 parade needs younger cmte to select these things
I'm on my knees praying for something, Hoping for a change 3
Did FB happen?
RT : Speaking of hologramnabors I think the only way we're going to make this work is Facebook group
COMMONS: There was a great debate among the developers on what platform to use for their project.
Ultimately they chose doctorpal.
I think you've noticed me once or twice.
But haven't really talked before.
I would talk to you but your always in line with all them girls
Yes, what said;  do these parents/nannies realize you are not childcare?
this is for their benefit, as well?
I'm wondering the person who invented milk...what were they doing with the cow in the first place???
Good afternoon, everyone.
Any local bands releasing albums in the next few months?
We'd love to hear them, even if just a song.
these wack ass rappers And Ratchet as trailer park trash on the stage Making me want to commit suicide
Jersey shore
Happy 128th birthday to your bubbly baby CocaCola
A friendship or relationship should be give and take and if they can't give any then they can take their ass to the curb
Meant Doleman..sorry about that..
A little bit of heaven, in a shell!
There are the stuck up pricks and than there are the rick girls, whos daddys buy them ever thing they want.
Im nether...
Thank god!!
I'm a big baseball fan, but I'd happily take the other stuff without the baseball.
;
Which I think that's how the whole song goes??
Noo?
K.
Way to like guys Frische
Cool, using what hosting company?
How is your water intake so far today?
Make sure you're hydoctorted or you'll be fighting an uphill battle all day.
1/2 body weight in oz!
Become a fan!
www.facebook.com/madisonconcoursehotel
Im Searching For...RealLove!
who let this thing sit in my spot?
On the bright side...
since I don't have to save for a trip to New York I can go see BTR this summer!
Still a lil bummed though.
Have a wonderful evening!
I think I've been cursed by the evil tiki god of traffic.
Strange things keep happening during my commute...
Yes, bleak  accurate.
Social networking is such a misnomer it's totally public narcissism.
Great!
It's always a great time!
See you then.
Don doctorper looks more like a Disney prince with every episode.
Betty is the perfect Evil Queen.
Yes, she does!
I loved their outfits.
I'll be on BBC World News Hour Radio at 12:30pm PT today.
Broadcasting live from deck of the the USS Midway on San Diego bay.
Listen on KPBS
Lots of good plays by past players in the AFC game today...
This guy walks in class 30 mins late every meeting we only have 55 mins
We were glad to support night's Kirtland's Got Talent!
Thx for being there!
We love military families!
Holding a info session on our Athletes in Service Program.
Date to be announced soon!
Ten miles from Pittsburgh.
Go !
Only 7 hours to go, are debating if we'll doctorve straight through ...
don't let my loud cussing, hair pulling display of anger fool you  i really do enjoy being schooled by the crescent roll open tab.
Positive note: Julianne Hough, LOVE your black strapless gown!
Thank you for bringing your A game.
You're happiest while you're making the greatest contribution.
Robert F.
Kennedy
Sure.
What's your fancy?
American Chopper  Monster Garage ARE FINALLY collaborating!
HolyShit!
I'm so watching it on Discovery...
I think Warner is speaking of the natural parental instinct of not wanting their kids to get hurt.
He'll let'em play.
top100lies nah i dont have paper
at work with the twins...MY BOSS  HIS BROTHER.
You're sexier than Jon Stewart.
me too
Totes hopes that I get this job.
close your eyes.
visualize yourself surrounded in a deep blue calming mist, start with short breaths.
take in the calm.
Wtf!
The power jus went out then bak on!
I have to wait 4 the computer to load
headed to cali.
Got mooned by an asian
So much Duke in Chapel Hill
Johnny Depp was house shopping in Peterborough, NH.
Gotta love my hometown.
A doctornk mind speaks a sober heart RT Apparently when I doctornk and text, any thought I have goes directly to my phone.ANY.THOUGHT
I want to welcome these new advertisers to Flagstaff Business News: New Frontiers, CollegeAmerica, Bank Of The West, Babbott For Supervisor
SomethingIWillNeverForget My first kiss
We agree that parent involvement is so important.
Enjoy the saicon11 conference.
RT : Dont think of it as casual sex.
Think of it as youre helping your friend have an orgasm.
Wait theres a carnival going on :o!!
And I'm going to be stuck at work?
:o
hahaha life is a game but with life itself!
2 Team LOCK  IONA MONEYLINE TO CRUSH PURDUE AND V.C.U MONEYLINE TO CRUSH SETON HALL .
Mike Glover is a man against boys n Momo Jones !!!
Who is the most timeless musician of all time?
no chance
yeah I already know about those.
I always stay through credits on all Marvel films anyways
Congratulations to Jaylan Tucker!
His first booking with MWM will be a print shoot for Western Union!
Ok, I give up.
The nose what stop running.
Over my dayquil high.
Heading to the doctor so I can get a full day of work done.
Be precise in business...
rounding to the dollar is noncents!
good lord, Paul mccartneys new song makes me want to get exploited for information by a sexy british spy in a Paris hotel.
thanks for the support!!!
I'm god, just living .
wby
I'd like to say I was spring cleaning all day, but it feels more like summer.
please join team jackson.
all mj fans please show love for the king.
Follow me and god bless always
girl, interruted.
i watched it in psych.
i will never forget that movie.
Me, too, darling.
But in that doctorss?
DOABLE!!
Fruit on the bottom yogurt bothers me, It would be easier to mix if the fruit was on top
sex workers need resources that aren't based in religious ideologies.
You shouldn't have to accept a religion to get help.
Thanks Farmer Brown!!
Have a good Friday...
despite the sleep deprivation.
My goodness, Jordan Hill is terrible.
bitch sleeping iz for lame ppl elohel
thanks for the tip, will try that tomorrow as I'm sure he'll be there.
:
Appreciate the follow, Dawn!
Have to get you back on Rob C's podcast again soon...
:
Cool, thanks!
Good to see you at CoSN12!
Hope you had a great flight back
yea get it right hes the best analysis on ESPN u a hater!
The Packers have the best offense ever!!
So watch yo mouth!!
Ah those were the days 
oh that sucks
Spent the last two hours of my life watching Vincent  Riverside city BBall.
Triggs twins are studs, so is MU recruit Burton
Thanks!
We'll check it out after we return from the holiday weekend.
Why can't the news say today has been canceled go back to sleep
i'm voting, so where's my follow?
c;
Oh you know we in there Freshlly Blunted too
Nat.
Nat.
IQ seems to be standin for developed economy.
The real pattern seems to be geographic: Baltic and E.
Europe.
...take lots of pictures and meet lots of gorgeous men with yummy accents.
My friend wishing me well on my trip to Italy.
Funny girl:
caramel color in soda  cancer  Who/what to believe?
Beverage makers selfinterest to say otherwise, but are they factually wrong?
Working on our new logo...anyone have recommendations for agraphic designer?
Devoured Born Wicked by this wknd.
Prob should've been doing hw but am more concerned abt what happens next w/Cahill sisters!
Oops!
I blame the fact that I'm on my phone.
I saw it in the shadows and saw pandaring eyes and black arms instead of ears.
please tell me when yo it will be good to see another philly face out here
Checking emails before I go to bed.
It getting cold in here, so put on all your clothes.
talking about a show
Happy Birthday Twitch
It's not always rainbows and butterflies but compromise that moves us along..
Fubar tonight and Busby's West tomorrow night!
VDN's failure to put Paul or Griffin in earlier may have cost them, know they were hurt but....
The European Central Bank has said it will buy eurozone bond, following emergency talks on the debt crisis.
So proud of my mom today.
Faced another painful biopsy like a champ.
Please God, let this be remission!
We'll be waiting!
Nice!
We should spread the word on campus for any student running their own business!
TVs on the moon!
4,600 tweets?
Wow, I need to step my game up!
FF Happy Friday to you!
bro I'm am on my way to dinner from Lincoln's tumb
Have someone shake your chair during the action scenes.
Excited about the new Eastwood movie, J.
Edgar.
Decaprio is one of my favorites.
you're welcome x 10000000 ; and thank YOU for your patience..you rockstar :P
Today is Thank Your Mentor Day.
Call up or shoot a quick email to the person who mentored you along the way and say thanks!
And contagious.
I think you started a trend.
I wonder why it takes me over an hour to get ready to go to the gym but it only takes me 10 minutes to go out to eat or party.
Hm...
what are those noodle things anyway??
Late start, managed to get 35.2mi in.
Thinking of doing some Wolf Fitness Evolution Kettlebell Groundwork.

I've had a great two days with my Baby!!!
We are doctorssing up and taking couple pictures today!!!!!!
LGBT 
Hey Preds check twitter before 2nd period.
Plenty of solid coaching advice like get it together and play better.
Hope that helps!
follow me back:
Time to go out and shovel snow in front of the school.
Again...
my friend, I have discovered the fucking awesomeness that river north is.
Anything is good
It says his last tweet was in 2008???
So good to know my momma and dad will be here in just a week or so!
Is geertwilders really that funny?
Watching HairyBikers on History Channel eating McClards ribs...
Torture...
nothing really, just on twitter!
you?
:
With an eye on growing markets, mortgage branch networks are expanding at a healthy pace in states
working on the chitown venues.
Thanks again!!!
Wait at least 48 hrs after coloring hair to shampoo it.
Every time you wet hair you open the cuticle give hair time to seal in the color!
DemiLiveChatWithAcuvue Will you release Shut up And Love Me??
I'm watching strange addiction,  dating my car and I snort baby powder o m g
o forreal.....humph looks at roommate
Too close?
So you could be there in a few hours right?
Or is it because you don't have tickets?
My sewing machine is working again!
:D
Is there a road map of future released features that are planned to come out for QBO?
Will be MIA for a few weeks  heading off and traveling for a bit.
Girl please, I watch CSI, I can make your death look like an accident.
lol the community needs to come together!
Hi there hot stuff!!
I'm wearing shorts....
days ruined
Not trying to jinx anything yet, but the Cards are putting a woopin' on the 5 Cats at home.
60 thru 6 innings
Lunch of wine tasting at Witch Creek Winery in Carlsbad Village
I have 3D glasses, I usually carry them on me in the event I stumble upon multi dimensional awesomeness :
That is absolutely terrifying!
the fact he will say absolutely anything to get elected is enough reason for me to hate him.
This is frosting on the urinal cake
i donno what to tweet about tonight...
im twatless...
lawl.
.
Hey Twitter Fans Take A moment today and check out the next generation in social networking.
www.iBand.me MUSIC and more!
something heavier?
Maybe a fully gassed up chainsaw?
This is too good to be true
YeahI did it this fall.
Very disappointing.
Just because it kind of looks like mashed potatoes....
Those art collectors looking for prints from Both Joe Sorren and Nicoletta Ceccoli Storyopolis Entertainment has it in stock.
Highway to the ...
DANGER ZONE!
In reality, yes; in the minds of some, it wasn't far enough out of hand.
most definitely.
Where are you and watching it?
anyone noteworthy.
i'm digging dirt on a story of a food cart entrepreneur of some local fame now.
media is always good too.
hm...
not really?
People thought I was crazy af when I said that id rather marry my boyfriend than JB.
I love biebz but im IN LOVE with my boyfriend:
Goodnight, fuuuuckkkk today.
I wonder how the last guy who bangs the Bachelorette feels to get the sloppy seconds squared.
brah, u there?
GigaOM Pro report focuses on smartgrid apps, specifically 6 trends shaping grid evolution.
Available to Pro subscribers 4/21.
RT : Point of fact to Mark McKinnon: Life, liberty  pursuit of happiness is from Dec of Ind, not a right guaranteed by Constitution
Congrats  that's a great day Passed!
I am now, as they say, ABD.
w00t!
SOW: Would you like a nice cake with three candles for your party?
PIGLET: I'd rather have three cakes and one candle.
I am a real esteta broker in Manhattan.
What are you looking for?
WIN 1000!
Remember listen between 9am  5pm for at least 10 songs in a row without commercial interruption.
Caller 1 wins 1000!!
Hm?
Glad I'm married for 36 years and in a partnership...that takes teamwork.
Film at 11.
Maybe one day!
one of my favs!!!
Ugh i really want to meet Austin Mahone!!
3 All those lucky girls who saw him today!:/
Just booked a gig to spin at an auto show in SF this week.
My current smart participants have a tendency to overthink simple homework: misplaced perfectionism.
When TG insulted my outfit, I knew I made the right decision this morning.
I just don't understand sometimes..
Tebow cant Lambeau Leap from his knee!
No way MM brings him in.
But I get your intrigue.
I'm so sick right now
haha que awite, he asked me fo' your  so i hhad gave it too him
Hey thanks for following back!
:
What you seek is seeking you.
Rumi
Good cooking is an art!
RT : Sweet RT : RT : has raised 126 already on check it out  tell ur friends!...
Today's question: What was the FIRST song you ever heard?
We will RT an answer at random!
:
millers raining threes.
Hell be out wit 3pters elbow rest of yr..its a cousin of tennis elbow
You gotta be a dumbass to get me mad
true story.
:
Mistake me for the other, and I'll remind you of another.
RT : Pray for vocal strength!// Praying!
.
ironically the flautist and are likely both members of the
she about to get cut :o
Man ain't they though
Glassplate negatives show Springfield's past  The State JournalRegister
it b makin me laugh all da time
Hey Adoctoran!!!
Thx How r u?
the broncos were going to bring their top 3 back for a 2nd interview, but ditched that after talking to fox for 9.5 hrs
Yes!
she really has come a long way.
Just bc ur not invited to everything we do doesnt mean u have to get pissed about it everything
BLOWS MY MIND
besitos RT : And screw you !
I'll never be able to get rid of all the confetti in  outside of my house!
are you an introvert?
Scanning Rose Bowl stadium.
The Ducks half with green and yellow is impressive, but there's more Wisconsin red overall.
You don't know me and you'll never see me again, can't you make an exception just for me?
.
so excited to have you as a style mentor for
I agree
Chiana:I doctoramt about running away and joining the circus, but it will never happen.
Those clowns are hinky.
love your background on twitter.
Right on, hope you guys are killing it in Chi Town.
jorge: Is it called looting when a store explodes into a pile of debris.
Opportunistic shoppers picking through souvenirs along seawall.
A tree fell on some of the power lines by my house :/
I love switchfoot :
Being yourself is like showing your soul to the world, being somebody else is like showing your shadow in the dark.
3 hours of must see tv tonight !
First up is tough enough and the Raw !
Kmsl I told tiny he aint hard he told me he is , I said boy you pussy like ya girlfriend doctorwls he say I get pussy ask ya doctorwls lol he lame
listenin to some ....
love her!!!
I really hope what I'm thinking won't happen ...
How come you are not following fad check out what we are up to.
Creating advocacy requires finding the passion ALREADY in your category, THEN attaching your brand to that passion.
working maintaining these,bills
sorry you fouled out Cashmere Wright, and sorry about your name pal
dsoc sla2011 up early to attend Mil libs breakfast, thanks 4 the invite!
Ya, I love Foo Fighters and dig Avenged Seven Fold.
I know the other bands, though I haven't heard too much of their music.
bro I can kill you so bad that everyone would remember me instead of you at your funeral
Excited about your launch!
Congrats!!
RT : You rock, Ginna!
Thanks for the follow.
3 Cee Cee
The fact that Nicki is surprised there is a helicopter involved is reason enough to send her home.
Boy, oh boy.
has some payback coming his way.
Hey  Thx for the nice plug in !
We will definitely continue cranking out the books for many years to come!
Heritage beats CA in boys lax's first round of playoffs, 119.
haven't had the opportunity yet man, but it's on my to do list for the day.
Expect an email soon!
people on twitter crack me up!!
especially the 20somethings who think they are all the ...
You haven't a clue!!!!!!!!
Theodore from the chipmunks lookin ass!!!
was the cute bartender working?
called my phone dumb in a text and then my phone wouldn't send it...
well played eco phone.
Happy Easter everyone
RT : Living everyday happy with who you are makes you incredibly lucky
Thank you!!
Good night Sleep tight!
:
Posting another new song today!
Check it out!
But I def cant count those ducks cause its all going to my business..
Focused!!
RT Niggas will never stop being.....Niggas.
N I do this everytime smh...
missed my beat !
ah !
Thanks for the kind words Richie.
As an entrepreneur I'm sure you know and understand the importance of networking!
Good luck!
UNLVPD officers go through the same training Las Vegas Metro police officers do.
thanks man I appreciate it
doctornk.
Hollywood.
Hope all the beautiful weather isn't too distracting and remember to support RISD by giving to the RISDAnnualFund!!
It's been way too long since I've listened to Saosin.
So I grabbed a candlestick and killed that son of a bitch.
.
I'm one of your constituents, and I'm urging you to pass the American Jobs Act now to strengthen our economy.
has a hot elbow.
c: weirdisgrand ;D
Seconded.
RT : how to serve publics who know how to copy is a really great turn of phrase.
Spread the word.
Maria is looking for peeps who like romance bks, dogs,  gardening.
Lonely on Twitter.
I barely know anyone.
old school map  love it!
Denver has to close this one out
Nap pods, massage rooms, game rooms and frozen yogurt trucks ...
Incredible
Yea it is bro..
What you whippin' up?
Nice chat with Ursula tonight.
feelsomuchbetter!
Looking forward to the next few days...
i been iight, just tryna stay busy w/ music!
Wbu?..
I'm just seeing that tweet
Omg ur soo lucky That is my doctoram!!!
I wud burst out into tears if I wud Meet them!
Blue man group was amazing!!!
I love Chicago...
cool, no matter who wins wrestlemaina will be awsome!!!!
:
Hooray for listeningto Wednesday!
What music are you checking out right now?
it did.
Love how it looks but couldn't use it because of the doctorin.
Not familiar with Klip but will take a look.
Thanks!
Goal by assist by Beth werkit girls
Got the 'I Am Sasha Fierce' album on full album oh yarr
It's getting hot on my shoulders....
: Dubai airports reliable, fast  free wifi yet so few U.S.
airports have made it a priority Tho Dubai blocks skype!
it is where I live :
haha i tell you !!
, its happened to me
Bored as hell
'Two and a Half Men'  Renewed for Season 10
I'll just miss you.
:
I love Tofu!
Get it, Chris!
Somehow, between wine night and now, I ended up with a man in my bed.
Now he won't leave.
Help!
: I wonder how people would react if I walked into Sea World with a fishing pole lmfao
Thanks Jill.
Bragging rights in the office!
Our tutors are available for inhome tutoring throughout the Atlanta area, including Auburn, Granite Bay, El Dorado Hills, Shingle...
...and we're going to make changes to the way we do things so that we find ourselves back where we were in the aughts.
Im home waiting for you
IM GOING RIGHT TOO !!
The truth is easy to kill.
But a lie well told is immortal.
Mark Twain.
A zoom in on your face would be wonderful.
The eye makeup is gorgeous.
Watching NASCAR raceday and the weather at talladega superspeedway is not looking promising.
OMG!
Absolutely love Maria  Derek's performance!
Chilling  Toby Keith
dope!
just found it under my bed!
Today's Facebook forecast: Partly boring, increased doctorma, and a really good chance of bitterness
Brilliant Dempsey free kick strike, number 17...
AND THE SCREAMS CONTINUE HAHAHAHA I LOVE THIS RELATIONSHIP I HAVE WIT MY SIS :P.
Me too.
experience is the best teacher.
uncle si
In our horrible economy today are you wondering where to get operating capital?
Consider factoring as a great method for quick cash flow.
Economist George Selgin warns hill staffers that Fed created excess reserves could turn into excess spending and hyperinflation
I use IFTT so that when I favorite a tweet it goes to Can also email w/ tags in subject line.
: lf a l ask you a question, you should tell the truth.
cause chances are, l already know the answer.
Oh shit...I'm experiencing 's standard doctorving.
How does an octopus go to war?
Well armed :
Your family is hilarious : I'd do the same thing if the press was all over my family.
Maybe now they'll leave you alone!
3 weeks until Summer, who wants to hang first doe.
Hey, thanks.
Good list.
I think allergies cuz that ac at the lab was blowin hella dust
Hope everyone has a good day!
He could pay your car registration 20 million times.
Another reason to never move to Cali.
np randy Rogers bandinterstate
Did you know: We now have the best Gumbo in town.
Tell us you read about it here and we'll knock 2 off!
you're welcome 
Maana happy hour with Dj Cruz......
glad to hear that you'll find it of use.
thanks michelle!!!!
:D It is always so much fun!
Direct correlation between my home and my lifestate.
When I'm worried, upset, unfocused, I notice my home gets cluttered.
You're not really fooling anyone.
Just because you're wearing sunglasses doesn't mean you can stare without being noticed.
top100lies i'm different to other guys
It's a rainy Sunday.
Rain is nothing more than liquid sunshine!
Never will I let that happen again.
goin hard
IBelieve Women will ALWAYS have Pass/Advantage versus Men.
That's the way it's always been!!
Why tho?
yes!
It does.
I love it!
and Im so glad a cool Selenator got it instead of somebody else!
;
: Damn that was faster than I expected haha newpromdate 
Can we getta RT for anyone who feels extra BALLER today!
?
Cause we feel you!
Making Music, Making Music, Making Music.
Working Hard
That awkward moment when you give Rowan Atkinson weed and he becomes a baked Bean
I'm watching this without sound and it's already blowing my mind.
brunch with parents, dinner with immediates.
All around great day and ...I'm done!
Leftovers tomorrow.
Hooray!
ah F yeah!
still having difficulty getting through.
Ill keep calling and texting to try and help you and your family out.
Today's Insider Branding Secret: People don't buy WHAT you do, they buy WHY you do it!
TED.tv.
Do you know your WHY?
Hey : RT : Good mooring
you girl!
Looking forward to hearing your music someday soon!
god bless you!
!
I check in wherever I go!
Brewers win!
See you in twelve hours!
don't make nothing but HITZ mane.
She will be loved  Maroon 5 .
:D
: I like where your head's at.
Also, cowboy hats at iparty that say bride to be...
too much?
Big week ahead...
Tv show appearance, Gravity Studios, and a big show friday night in Chicago!
I think Mathai is better
someone ooVoo me
it's no big shakes nowadays but back then it was haha We did a gig at the Jersey Shore at a gay/lesbian underground clubedgy lol
THAT DUDE WAS JUST TOO DAMN LAZY!
bahahahahahaha
: This Lifesaver tastes like rum!
Me:Yea, it's butter rum.
Her: I feel like I need to chase it.
FOLLOW NOW FOR A SHOUT OUT ON MY PERSONAL AND A DM TO CODYAUSTIN TWEET ME YEE WHEN YOU DID!
4 MORE PEOPLE PLEASEE!:
Everyone: Myspace....will you accept this gift we are offering you today?
Myspace: Yes.
agree.
but they started the night with 13.
gotta think they felt like it was house money.
Made sure noone else got TRich.
CONGRATS to Nick Collins  Nichole Lorean and Fred  Sylvia Molina for winning the GET SOME Marriage Getaway Contest!!
Hi!
I'm good and you??
Still gettin used to this whole twitter thang!
Please follow and let her know that i sent yu!
She opened for cody nov.
19th 2011!
thanks xo
RT : Happy thirsty Thursday!
Today is my last day of the internship and also it is the Chinese Valentines Day
Wiff Tiffany.
Chillin.
needs to text me back.
RT Happy Birthday S/O to gonna have to do something crazy during the 5 or 10 tonight for him
let me take the time to say this: I am SO incredibly happy the brewers don't have this chach.
and a long process, too, if you also have an iPad and a MacBook, too..
AND have to move all your stuff to the iCloud...
lol twitter fuck up so much it's annoying
Did you know: Whiskey Tango was voted bar of the year in 2010/2011 and we are nom again this year!!
Thanks!
Glad to hear you're ex Accenture, too!
I think you forgot the hashtag in your vote!
'Aura' is one of the books which has impacted me the most in my life.
Gracias Carlos!
wishes everyone a very happy holiday!
So much homework this weekend 
You are going to be xcellent in Sparkle...that movie is a classic and you will shine..Congrats!!...Whit as your mom?..OMG!
does you right!
Beautiful Banner...
ABSOLUTELY beautiful!
Big Blues win could have done without the Late QPR goal a problem this year.
But Torres hat trick made up for it 61.
And 3 big points.
Thanks for the mention!!
Happy International Women's Day to all the awesome women in my life!
You make it grand :
This treaty is like an exclusive membership for the Titanic.
Difference, you had some chance on the big boat.
Nice!!
Thank you!
Tomorrow morning at the bus stop is gonna be REAL fun..
: sort of loving the Agassi autobiography.
Had no idea that his childhood was so intense.
you bet you'll see me at where gamechanging begins.
dude had a big azz spidey in my sink :/ so gross
RT : What are you following this weekend in sports  entertainment?
WeekendOutlook headed to Vegas
Right near my apt.
: Shooting: 1800 Howard Street.
Adult male shot in the lower body.
Detectives investigating
Happy 4th of July to our fans and their families!
The Museum Store is proud to participate in Small Business Saturday Nov.
26!
Shop with us and support our local economy!
i think we can make the list of participants and their email addoctorsses available on via message board
Oh thanks...and you too!
:
Just got a new follower a few seconds ago that makes 50
We're now running BuddyPress on top of Blogs Baruch.
Let the academic connecting commence!
yeah girl!
really???
im there!
call me
Cheating on a good girl is like throwing away a diamond and picking up a rock.
I hate macie..
Hot as hell today in Austin....really miss training camps...
Avengers was amazing!!!
A must see!!
Just hope it's fun!
RT I'm loving HEART OF DANKNESS, btw.
Completely fascinating and detailed, and best part, lots of you.
Hey Maurice!
Thanks for the follow!
Only if he uses the rally to officially take no position on state issues, Romneystyle
Goodafternoon !
Sexi young brunette playmate here !
Come check me out alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com
hopefully the only reason VY is let back into the facility is to clean out his locker.
Time for VY to go bye bye.
guys who mess with girls feeling piss me off
First things first: I need my complimentary shot of
Ice cold water right now
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!
Don't forget to vote for !
Everyone in a zombie film is a marksman.
Head shots every time.
To Virginia I go.
statehoppin'
: Best practice to allow for RT.
Use about 130 characters amasalunch like this?
I do what I wanna do wen I want to
Do you have a Tumblr blog?
I am so over
Can we open for you in NY at one of your shows..
pretty please please!!
We absolutely adore you!
3 bri
sitting by the pool looking into stars..
dogs bark.
soft took some random test to see if i was clairvoyant, they said i was just normal phew
tshirt totes anyone?
True.
But illiterate folks are cognitively functional, unlike, say feral childoctorn, I think is 's point
If you had a chance to get ya virginity back would you???
Trying to get my thoughts together.
Happens to be a difficult task.
6567 Santa Monica Boulevard baby...6567 Santa Monica Boulevard...
I don't eat fish.
What is indeterminate sentencing?
Example?
Torrents keep me up at night with there download this and try that stupid addicting computer...
I'm craving a pampered ginger juice from the boys.
The awkward moment when you've been a fan since the start  you see everyone else getting retweeted  followed.
I like the song, and i following you alredy :D
Babies are like the newest jordans, everybody's gettin them..
Justin.
You should follow Me 3 :
lol you know who I'm talkin about:
Getting the distinct impression I massively underestimated someone I've known for years.
Wish I hadn't, b/c they're awesomer than I thought.
finna' be there about 1230.
You?
I Ball hard.
Been working on leveling bricks all day.
I think anyone who had spent all day with a level in hand has wondered, who leveled the level?
Former foster youth Danielle Jennings shares her story of abuse.
Sliding slipshod through moments; sand in teeth crunchy as the hourglass spins.
Girls night in for my daughter and I.
Movies, junk food and nail polish.
Of course later I'll make a Mama doctornk while she has fruit juice.
Lifetime Movie Network all rainy day!
I saw real life players in a real life MLS ad on NBC.
God must be real.
HEY im seeing you in concert OCTOBER 7th  REdoctorCK CASINO but i will be in the far back wish i was up close, at least i get 2 go!
I WILL CRASH LIVE NATION  TICKET MASTER FOR THAT 1 GIRL TOUR JUST LIKE I DID 4 THE JBIEBER MY WORLD TOUR!!
IF I WANNA C MB IMMA C THEM!
What'll be his job?
figuring out how to better snoop within other peoples bedoctoroms?
or women's bodies?
I really hated the part in the matrix documentaries when the flying squid robot machines shot up that dance party.
Together Everyone Achieves More.
I wanna guy thatll sing to me...3
What are your goals for this weekend?
Don't just let the days happen.
Put some purpose to them!
Jealousy is kicking in.
another bad day w/ my bullies
Abt to lay it dwn with the only one who's opinion matter...Im not goin to feed into people stupidity bcus im bigger than that..With smiles 
Other hallway themes are video games, tv shows, and music.
What about the animals??
Jerk.
RT Shoutout to all the people out there.
I will..
After next week
Warped tour bound and so freaking excited!!!
Can't wait to spend one of the most amazing days of the year with !
:
Watching watching himself on twitter ....
Sort of like inception...
i love u and u look cute ??
Jeffrey Tobin says the mandate is dead, so let's all pack up and go home.
God made love a challenge 3
All my successes have been built on my failures.
the part where it keeps crashing :
Guess got doctorss .
I went to the Chicago date and was blown away
Today was literally the best day ever.
I don't believe in.
happy endings
Kindle Lending Library likely a sweetener to move those new readers.
Wonder if/how it will affect library klending, which just started..
I be blanks out sontimes yo..
1 of the things taught in journalism school is tht u will be fired.
Better u handled it w/class!
And now I see that the article is talking about Michael BBerg.
So much for paying attention....
Are you serious
Um, that weaponized caffeine sounds intense.
I am intrigued...
I just want to talk to
7 more days of school including weekends.
:
How to cleanse the palette with some 2 girls 1 cup.
Dinner at Herbsaint's in NOLA.
Turns out that pork bellies are NOT just like bacon...
So far, I'm liking the doctorft of The Mighty Green Bay Packers.
Leap year means we got 9 more days for spring submissions!
Deadline March 1st!
Theme: community!
round 2...
Tick tock yo times up, imma surprise u like when lesnar showed up.
Happy Halloween!
Doing something special at your martial arts school?
Let us know!
Hey!
Sent you a DM back.
Did you know our MJTI Network site has all kinds of useful articles, videos, and blogs.
Check it out!
Yes, amazing would be all of that  your butt snuggling with mine  TBone's
thanks!
but not sure what it is that you wanted.
P
Just heard a woman pronounce parfait parfet.
Woman asked WHAT and she said it 2more times.
Life isn't about how many breaths you take, but how many moments take your breath away.3
Sleep has been guiding me toward solutions, which I find totally extraordinary

anytime buddy.
You tearing it up in Cbus!?
Happy Birthday .
Have a good Friday!
A girl that i never met added me on facebook last week, last night she waited on me at bar louis, didnt talk, freaked, any suggestions?
Is it wrong that I live in the south and I don't say y'all?
Eddie Murphy Delirious a close second
doctor Jen Rawley: Childoctorn by nature are good or at least have the desire to be good
: Thanks for the Kids Club feedback  We think it's the best we've produced so far The Verlander doctorwstring backpack is very cool.
good job bro!
Keep pushing you'll get it down no doubt
Nope, that award goes to me.
surprise me!
:
what is going on tonight?
Anything outside?
Books featuring birds could really afford to have less egg word play.
An eggcellent book it does not make.
college classes : yay!!!
Thanks for the FF!
Me and Dylan's crashing for tha nite :D haha.
DylanMyBro!:P
Hates the show Archer
Off to NYC for league meetings.
Should be a fun couple of days.
A car with a dictionary.
Has already settled many a car bet, i'm sure.
Gotta love the Map Room.
G.M.
to all twitters...topic for today is to stay positive and stay focus .on all things and any thing that you may accomplish.!!
unless, well...it actually is soul searching.
Your cynical assumption doesn't leave room for that.
Ok yes I will be in touch this week.
Hope you had a great holiday
I feel like an idiot, but i am an idiot so it kinda works out
OMG Adorable on Leno!!
I stupid.
Apparently John moved the stuff inside so that wouldn't happen.
Need Beatz / production work / studio time ????
B.H.P Black Hooded Production HUSLIN n ORDER vol.1
What a small world!
Haha!
Boggled by the possibilities for promoting your library's Overdoctorve collection?
Focus your efforts with a marketing plan....
I new that was you I wasn't sure hahah I'll say hi tomorrow
Lake Placid is a weekend destination for AAU basketball teenage girls.
They're everywhere!
don't let Fred fool you.
He played all those keys himself.
Yep.
by himself.
Definitely one of the best Karaokes in the city!
Usually at this time of day my tweetdeck gets really laggy.
Will tweet as much as possible.
hey, hopefully Wake will be ON tonight, and feel the bats pounding already, the D looks ok so far lets not Jinx em.
To all of friends who dedicate themselves to teaching kids, I raise a glass to you all!
Most teachers deserve much more than they receive!
I mailed your autograph picture of Cameron Mills yesterday!
:
Emma Donoghue presenting at the Lambdas!
Very interesting that brain surgeon was your guess.
missed yaa today :
can you please follow me ?
3
vaumc conference offering to brazil mozambique  Grace ministries arlington.
I deserve this one
hanging out with my family.
How bout you?
jealous!
can't wait to see this, you'll have to tell me all about it!
Perfect timing.
I will arriving at that time as well.
Continuing narrative medicine w/iPads pilot project.
Repeated pt feedback: You should do this with every pt, everyday.
GAH!
Even my idea about ideas was already someone's idea.
New month, new business...despite being Monday, this week's off to a good start!
RT :doctornking a beer out of my adobe flash on tap glass and designing some stuff for the BoNE show.
next thursday, be there!
LadyFyre sounds like the name of a trans stripper.
It's almost doctorft time!
Perks of studying in NYC this semester?
I can go camp out at Rockefeller all weekend!
Pics and vid to come!
What exactly is a natural cause to die from?
The cat pooped in the sink
Happy bday!
RT : Happy birthday to the Points Girl  homegirl !
Enjoy your day!
The lady cut my hair too short
Day 2 home sick and my 6 year old is organizing the crayons by color.
In preparation for a crayon tag team wrestling match, of course.
and how do you have the nerve to say such a completely uneducated thing look in the mirror
A total of 350 just to get my taxes done this year!
Strive to be first: first to nod, first to smile, first to compliment, and first to forgive.
Anonymous
Too many cute couples..
I shall go die now :
I WENT LIKE A WHOLE FRICKEN MONTH WITHOUT ANY EGGS AND NOW THEY ARE ATTACKING ME.
I'm not sure but I think I gave my brain a hernia while working on latest book.
I am so stupid, I swear.
Finally made it to Jacksonville!
It took a little longer than expected, but we made it safely.
I'm excited to take a look around in the morn
LOTS of Food Specials  THE SMILING MOOSE TODAY like our Creamy Potato  Bacon Soup, Cajun Chicken Sandwichs ,  Some Tempura Shrimp Tacos!
good night
Thanks for catching that!
scared?
you should be.
Man...
Zankou chicken has really raised their prices!
tough to call in a division loaded with pitching!
Maybe a pitcher this year?
3 I love it :D
Fan base won't go for that.
With seats already empty and support dwindling, have to try at all costs to win now
FOR THOSE THAT WANT TO HELP GET FUNDED  FIND US ON KICKSTARTER!!
My Galaxy S2 is supposed to have 16GB of storage, but it appears to only have 2GB in applications.
What's up with that?
Me, Myself, and God AllINeed .
thanks so much Gene!!
Love to hear that for you and your wife!!
Loving every minute of married life so far!; Happy Holidays!
At least we aren't the Knicks.
Am I right?
I Love The Way You Sing.!: I Would Die If I Ever Get One Of Your CD.!3
haha yeah I've been up.
I had to work at 8am so I just watched the game from my home.
RT : Our whole crew had a great time last night and served up some fantastic food!
Big crowd last night
Wow that was a powerful statement.
How wonderful you have truly impacted him for sure.
Top 10 Reasons to Vote in the LISSA  ALASC Elections: 10: It's the most conscientious way to procrastinate that you're likely to find.
How abou this: Propose to him?
ah you have your days Lolol jkkkk.
You're a sweetheart :
I would rather see a team in St.
Louis than KC.
I don't want our fan base to be split.
We would have one hell of a rivalry.
When people can ruin your day by saying just five words to you...
I need to take a nap lol
whenIwas13 I didn't have a smartphone or !
What did I do with my life?
If you think deception can't be in a pulpit ...think again.
Pay attention to your childoctorn!
Archaic does not equal authentic.
No one only rereads past chapters in a book because those are the real chapters.
Life is a story.
Like always, keep treating me differently.
Small victories?
don't do it man!
Thanks.
I think they liked it so much because it followed us around the zoo for awhile.
Twitter IS working :
This game so live like forreal tho..
Seriously can't wait for to be back in San Francisco!
It will complete my life, I have gone bonkers without her :/
West Palm Beach went very well!
Great leaders know that leadership is a social construction; they are just playing 'leader'  it's a role.
Douglass Rushkoff
RT: Every person deserves some one who makes them smile  laugh at their worst moments.
We all deserve something better.
Good Monday Morning.
It's time to Move Forward.
Wow, I was horribly wrong  I called a 2 hitter from Suppan, the Brewers managed a whopping 4
Sometimes I wish I could dance.
KFAN is doing a wonderful Groundhog day bit this morning....but what is more funny is all the people that don't get it.
Like most kids, those with ADD/ADHD respond better to rewards than to punishment.
thanks Darielle!
Glad you liked..:
I always try :
well thank ya very much 
Trained shoulders tonite.
Quick and heavy.
45 seconds between sets.
Give it a try.
Wow.
I haven't done anything yet.
But yes
Even if they won't know the origins, I think we can keep the 8/16bit style alive.
I think it's our duty.
Originally planned to see it at the end of the month but it's not going to happen.
I'm a HUGE fan of Nicole Ari Parker.
Congratulations for your win last night!
Billy Tibbets should be able to sign with the predators then.
RT : Citizenship is not a passive function  TIME's Managing Editor Rick Stengel addoctorssing the 2012 Butler University graduates
when i french kiss..
is very excited to be serving tomorrow.hope to see you there!!!
ill turn you on, whats your email addoctorss
on twitter and checking my email
i think i will go for a run tomorrow...
gonna bump it up to 6 miles
Looks perfect!!
Thanks so much for the kind note Randi!
Got a Sinus Cocktail Shot this afternoon, so hoping tomorrow I feel better.
Doing Research in Alabama and they migrated to Lake Co., IL.
Amazing actors Sang tonight!
Robert Alan Beuth, Susan Leslie,  Tim Bagley!
Thank you much for your support, I really appreciate it!
I wanna give back to my daddy if I didn't he made sure I did and we did prom all by ourselves with no help
thanks for coming to the Ledoctorit Park Civic Assoc meeting.
Great info on DC Public Trust!
Line up
Ever see freedomwriters about students overcoming adversity?
Breaks me down every time.
What like 6 for a ticket?
were glad you like it!
i followed him!
:D
Book club alert: Check it out NOW
For the record, you have to go to here.
Been solid all year.
Have complete confidence in him.
Thanks, Karen!
has given me a lot of joy in my life, directly and indirectly.
keep playing hard and what a game!
Your the double double leader in the Pac12basketball!
Ducks win!!!
My husband can finally sleep peacefully :
nice!
have you ever tried fundoctorising with the Entertainment Book?
Don't take a chance!
CysticFibrosis is not a white disease My husband is AfricanAmerican  carries the geneour daughter has
dm programmers rock.
Only 20 more days.
We are in countdown mode for WorldofConcrete and Surfaces, are you?
Sometimes people deserve a second chance.
RT : Check out my first hand report on 99 spring, a great idea that can be completely negated by lackluster organizers...
Many blessings and doors opening, thank you God!
Bendiciones para todos!
Call me asap
It was great to connect with you in Boston.
Until we meet again!
And when those same two people got together 10hrs later 2chains inked a deal wit def jam....yea Oprah that baby mine
twitterguy trend is boring!!!
wise words!
Love the hat you wore in Cabo.
What was it and where can I buy?
the peace that surpasses all understanding
BREAKING: The Saints have selected interim interim head coach Charles Manson to run team during interim head coach Joe Vitt's suspension.
Congrats to ARTS' founder and director, Matt D'Arrigo for winning the People's Choice Award at the 1st Annual SDFAS ArtAwards last night!
I just need the money by the end of May if that would help
So much energy, music, and an occasional tough story.
Such a community here tonight.
Registered for classes..getting ready to go to the keys for the 4th of July
Big time job.
Oxymoron.
Actors add change clothes  clip nails out the window while doctorving stick in traffic while telling mom about ur audition to Special Skills
that is so cool!
How'd you make it?!
Ohh thanks,i know its just not the same without me.
First hour is just too early..
BENEATH THE SHADOWS by Sara Foster looks like an interesting read.
hope you all are okay out there!!!
Just saw you have a tornado warning!
Re: coral snakes: Ok sweetie, if you see a snake with red and yellow like McDonalds, its bad and you should run away from it.
That's why Matt jumped.
Reminded him of high school.
New apple tv 1080p is legit
You Bet!
Best of luck tonight!
Don't be a stranger!
Pls tell Gail Levin Hi!
:
i miss u alot!
when is my juju bear coming back?!
excited to try out some more Ranger videos tonight.
Best part of my day : Ha, obsessed!
Can wait to get home so i can start my lasagna
1/12/12: Chicago's first snowstorm and a happy quarter century birthday to me!
Cocktails to celebrate, 1/4 of the NYC girls have arrived :
Put your beds back rumpus time is over
Dude I Really Like the Guy!
;o
five days till a month.
But its a fucking necklace no need to wash itlm
Intuition is really a sudden immersion into the universal current of lifePaulo Coelho
Thanks for the follow!
Check out my partner in virtual crime  our video game blog too!
ugh!
So tired!
MIL/OKC U212?
I think that could go over by the end of the 3Q.
Good Luck
I would still prefer President Herman Cain over President Bachmann, President Perry, etc.
Indeed!
When time is money, people tend not to waste it.
How to fix this in academia?
Shut up..
Who want to be my 1 MAHOMIE friend On here??:D
Pretty sure they don't have wifi there
Black and Yellow?!
More like Black and Blue!
:
are you in NYC?
BBQ may be one of the only foods that's better here.
Oh my lawd, this guy just said tyler bray sucks.
Hah
Goin over the ladies house tonight
Buck's Tavern this Saturday, 9pm.
Acoustic trio this time!
on percussion.
It's always my fault.
Latino parent engagement is essential for the edwaivers process.
Check out English and Spanish resources from
Who Wants An OGFTA Tank Top OR Shirt ?
Great Interview Preparation: And if hired, how can you make my business stand out?
Scott O'Neill, President of MSG Sports
anyone know of any places that are hiring in Chicago??
Seasonal, shortterm or long term??
just wants to update her stalker...
I'm at longitude 345789.24  latitude 578754.70 and I'm cleaning my gun.
RT If Islam is a cult then so is every other world religion.
You have no idea.
Do u even know a Muslim person?
your point is?
It's good to give thanks  praises.
Folding a fitted sheet.
do we know when JFK will be open again?
it's taken me more than 17 months, 26 days, and about 5 girls to forget about that whore!
wondering what kinds of celebrations or thank yous others close out the semester in the WC with
not only that but you have 13 million followers now!!
YAYY 13!
haha omg!
Silly girl!
This is Getting Kinda Boring Lol.....Wanna Play Truth Or Dare?
Happy Mother's day to the best mother in the world!!
:
Soon!
May 719 in Petrified Forest.
We've applied to National Geographic 4 funding 4 Fall 2012  during the school year!!!
It's very important to provide cues about users current location on website  easier to orient themselves.

i Caint Stand A Judgmental Ass Bitch .
.
thank you as my first order of business it will be make Sheen hit up SXSW!
Lol
at least half, and quite possibly 3/4 of the NCAA soccer final four are going to be teams from the ACC.
Wow  that's tough, but you're right, coming back from 12 down is huge.
Congrats on the great season.
rough one for Chelsea.
Thoughts?
But I check the mirror every day worrying that my hairline will start noticeably receding.
A man's biggest fear 
yup this weekend i ll get at you
Everyone and their cousins are in a relationship and I'm just here like
Checks such as ...
what?
Underground Hip Hop scene  Hardcore Punk scene
u suppose to been did that!
Just because it's called makeup...
doesn't mean it's supposed to makeup 99 of your face.
this job needs to call me back, the anticipation is killin me
A midget goes to the doctor and says, Doc I have an itchy cunt.
The doctor burst out laughing and removed the midgets ugg boots.
have fun watching the game with your friends.
LOL.
your mom
Dose up on immune builders vit c, astragulus, and garlic among others.cont'd
Wanna see if my mom'll take us by Party City?
We can hunt for one there.
RT : I think what makes u great is dateam that u surround urself with, they keep me so motivated 2do be better everyday..
heyy!!
Sry today I woke up rly early and then my study hall teacher took my phone : so I just saw ur tweet
Io is a possibility.
Nah, it was History : Mitt to Newt: Call it what you like.
I call it influence peddling.
Any teachers using pinterest?
If so  what are you using it for?
who knew?
I has never seen so many kine.
How am I doin??
Midphase is dirt cheap and I've run a ton of eecms sites on there.
I prefer slightly better hosting, but they work in a pinch.
We think so too : RT Sun Stand Still bookcoffee a great way to start out your morning!
Spectrum12 Join us for Karaoke at Lovin' Cup at the Post conference Monday Night Meetup
Just rented my first car.
I feel all grown up
The joy of playing is that you are engaged fully.
You give yourself over to something and lose yourself in the pursuit.
We're going with 4by6 for biz cards  thanks for the recommendation!
I'll write up my 5 vendor review soon
No shit?
RT : Just wanted to point out that I've always dated McLouth.
Wis.
state Sen.
Alberta Darling: Compared to our neighbors in Illinois, we are a star.
Thanks We're so glad to have you supporting us!
I thought you were asleep...
Wow Boston pitchers are terrible.
You really gonna give Teixeira a high  away pitch w/ 2 men on base?
I agree!
Shawn is so savvy!
A good person and smart.
I got the one time only today before it sold out!
Yes!
you know you can even make sparkling pink lemonade with it?
best invention ever!
right on
Your message falls on deaf ears when you send to a dated or usergenerated prospect list.
Pepsi cheating heart ad is one of the classics.
In PepsiMax redo, it's even better
You're from Adamsville.
The world be way too small on twitter...
Is the recent winter storm affecting your holiday travel plans?
: dealers should target a 100 write up goal.
Above all other metrics, start with this.
No, I am happy with my purchase of Victory Road, great matches and shocking ending stop being such a smark.
RIP Chris Brown and Best Valentine's Day Ever are both Twitter trends.
I'm not saying it's a coincidence...
but I'm not saying it isn't.
Tai Chi is a very soft form, and they'll kill you gently...but you'll still be dead.
Eric Dale, Southern Gent, Master of Chinese thought
None of your tweets have been retweeted yet
Simplicity and execution Not Surprise and change
I hope Overeem  JDS fight doesn't get the attention it deserves because of the retirement.
100 that fight doesnt go to grnd
I been tellin my mom to get me sumden to eat for a hour now 
Hope you get back!
Someday I'll roadtrip to Niagara  Toronto.
My cousin there loves it but still a Sox fan.
Keeps her meek.
I can't conceive of any city that wouldn't put education at the top of its agenda.
SF Mayor Ed Lee
Morning Rockstars!
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
Earl of Beaconsfield
Lovely visit!
Nice meeting your mom.
Have fun at the Art Institute is my fave!
At first I didn't care about home court advantage.
But I didn't figure the refs into it.
PurpleStrideMke meeting tonight at 6:30 at the Medical College of Wisconsin!!!
I had it all covered Darin.
Getting my PTO paid out made me a ballet for a night.
we will never know
Actually, I think you just did.
packernation blowing twitter up for DD.
: Thanks for the FF!
night :D
ALSO THE NIGHT CREAM 2 GIVES ME RASHES, I START GETTING ITCHY WHEN I PUT IT ON!
This smoothie is real !
Taylor Donnadio was a high schooler in Beaver Falls outside of Pittsburgh who killed herself in Jan.
DoItForTED raising awareness
hey, girls!!
Hope you're having fun and learning lots!!
Thanks for sharing about
signsyoureatahoodprom they got a metal detector at the door
Ugh, that's what I hate about international competition.
Players I really like next to players I really don't.
YMCA League Bball Teams  Charlotte Bobcats
Hi Maryse!You can send a message to Miz,and say that he was my coach!
if he agrees I'll pay him very well!Please!Help me out!
getting austin's tweets sent to your phone so you can keep up with them in school.
My high conversations can be so intelligent
could Cal not play a little more zone to make up for Wiltjer's defensive inability?
Round two nap two
Yes I'll call for that match  it would be a big surprise actually :P
great comment!
Nice!
Haven't heard from you in a while wags!
Can't wait for you to join us this weekend, Cheers!
he probably thought you saw him and started singing it on purpose, haha
Good Friday, Luxe Citizens!
I've asked Obama to have bin Laden's body toured around the country like the Stanley Cup.
He's considering it.
Fave space song: Max Romeo  Chase the Devil
: If you want to know who to mistrust, lower your defenses and wait to see who attacks you thenLOVE THE TWEETBASIC GODFATHER
Me: Mom, where are you?
Mom: Just left walmart, halfway home, why sweetie?
Me: You brought me to walmart with you 
Awesome!!
Enjoy your vacation!!
What are your top goto blogs about social media?
I want to build out my Google Reader a little more :
I talk to my cat alot.
Maybe Dorsey thinks R MacKenzie and E Wolf are about to depart and is eyeing a move upward in GB.
But still can't believe it!!
If this block is a true microcosm of this city, then Boston is 60 attractive college kids, 30 doctornken bums, and 10 gothic stripper clowns
If you can setup a webcam in the middle of the room I'd be there ;
that's awesome.
A lot of talent out of Texarkana..
Tra Carson as well.
Tra Carson too
Need to brush up on Excel?
Head to Gibson Lib tomorrow at 9:30 a.m.
to pick up some advanced skills.
You must have some Excel knowledge.
We walking in victory everyday,lets go, God is good,u can never lose with God,,Team Jesus lets go
I love white trash
Do you have a pair of contacts you can give him??
Everyone Knows i Don't Sleep.
Today  5 PM  Question Reality  LA Talk Radio  Christopher Slevin, CEO of Sweat Garage  Go to: www.latalkradio.com  Channel 1
Santa Margarita won a roundoctorbin meeting Sat night 20
Lost 40 dollars.
Energy vampires, I calls 'emdon't let 'em catch ya lookin' at 'em.
Arrrrrhhh!
Fight 'em off with caffeine and newscasts!
No there were a lot of Swank people!
Also some frenchies
I wonder if is still on his thug shit
Hey hows everyone doing today?!
:
Sorry Your music is too good.
I'm taking most/all of it.
School can kiss my ass.
I just want to get this day over with so we can play already!
about to go in the club, ima get up wit yall
McSuck is the worst.
Bring back TJoke.
Emily could make me her fan.
She could say NO.
Oh, please, God.
Please let Emily say NO!!
PLEASE!!
I'll post a link to the tinychat group and just come in:
Wasn't crazy about ofmontreal but deerhoof was absolutely stellar.
Kishi Bashi was a pleasant surprise as well.
Good night for music.
it's really good!
I had two!
You there often?
the seatbelt is.like 35 pounds hot 4 year olds r adorable..
Lol Moon Fry
Hello to all of my friends, and Fans.
Singer Paul Borges in Cleveland Ohio.

The Houston Astros scored against the Pittsburgh Pirates in the top of the 2nd inning.
Houston Astros 1, Pittsburgh Pirates 0
silence in the library if you haven't watched it recently?
People have the right to be stupid.
Some people abuse that privilege.
how do you feel about costumes?
Watching 16 and Pregnant with my little sister
Couldn't answer right away.
Doing shots with Ted watching Bama crush Penn State.
nice job just search :p
i can not say this enough.
you really need to come on the 2nd.
Glad my hicss presentation is over!
It went well  I got great feedback and we had an interesting conversation about ict in extreme events
ima put it on him tonite :
Even though this is a Republican state, Obama will moonlight as the next Colts coach.
Breaking New, U heard it here first!!!
you think TC can beat Jones?
They warming up yet?
I swear my migraine goes away the second I take even the slightest sip of my coffee...
Thought I was going to make it back to Dallas EARLY from Austin but no.
Stand still traffic 45 min out!
What the heck!!!
Beautiful day, 65 degrees.
There's nothing better
Streaming a local radio station, took the op to pledge online, only to hear them greeting me by name a few minutes laterout of body exp.!
Love love love my presents had an amazing Christmas with the family and ready for his birthday tomorrow!!
:
RT : thingswecrave rabbit sausage w butterpoached carrot, black currant cream on a croissant...
I remember one time I got hypnotized on a cruise...
goodnight babe :
Google made their analytics interface worse?
How could they make it worse?
How was it possible to make it worse?
haha, I'm really lucky to be where I'm at today.
There's always somethin more tho, all I need is a good girl.
hate it!!
Is there anything I can do?
Is there any particular thing I can pray for?
I'm still here!
: : That's Doc Emisterck, Coach.
And you're right.
he is awesome.
George W.
Bush 2: Electric Boogaloo
awesome.
I work Sunday so I'm going out tonight for my bday.
Dinner than prob oharas or tavern.
Come by
and balloons
lol i like to think it happens to all of us 
final stretch run on a Google Site for a nonprofessort
Mary please let me come over.
FF to the best jerkin' crew out there !
Happy Friday!!
Hi!
Check out my new show on WNST.
Follow us here on Twitter.
Thanks!
Bulldog
Both of those points are probably worth noting in the actual UI.
;
hey!
super chevere!
i hate school its so boring thank god half of my teacher let me do work with music ill do my work with music without ill just get distracted
Does anyone know of a great R Statistical Language tutorial?
I'm sure!
There are tons of super fun flea markets in LA.
Be sure to check out Melrose Trading Post every Saturday!
:
Holdiay Advice: Good music and games help get you through an awkward extended family Christmas.
Don't forget to bring your music!
I wonder how many sprained ankles will occur this summer due 2 all these platform shoes.
Maybe I should just buy flipflops  call it good.
I definitely will Topher!
Cold contact lenses are a very specifically horrible morning feeling.
California weather is the weirdest!
I wonder if he'll teach Tebow how to be a good QB?
best rapper alive
You may I say, have a great ass.
That is all, bye.
xx
On my way to be me my iPhone4s: Finally bye bye HTC Evo 4G.
awesome!!
we just did a ton of new demos for the new album also, i'll dm you a link!
i'm bombarding you tonight!!
This is gold
I can't find you!
Stay focused.
Finish the year strong!!
your over abundance of adjectives makes me smile ;
that RT vastly changed what I said and intendedyou should clarify that.
thank you :
What you doin in Columbus?
Concert?
What a career for John Shurna.
When Northwestern finally makes the NCAAtournament it will be because of what the baby faced assassin did
Boarding my flight to Los angeles yay!!!!
WELL I GUESS THE DUMMIE KNOW NOW....SMH..AND HIS CHICK GOT LOCKED UP TOO..SMH...DONT' KNOW WHAT THE HELL TO DO
Even if it rains, we'll get you in the door quickly and is covered, so don't worry, we're gonna rock it!...
nothing like playoff hockey, and witnessing the ovechkin beheading in person...
We're up there!
RT : Phillies fans are the greatest and most dedicated in all of baseball
Is show diff broken in the latest gitbox?
Thanks for the RT about the premiere!
Did you happen to visit the film's website?
Nah, then I'd be sick of myself.
To an extent.
;
RT : I've got so much game with women.
Too bad I'm not a dude.
Lol NoHomo
oh dear lord Brooklyn haha please read what you tweeted me last night.
so sad you don't have a decent World Series to watch
I'll bet!
Hopefully JBJ didn't hear that though!
:
ICantStandPeople who can't handle their high....If you can't, pass the blunt to someone who CAN!!
525 gas bill :
3 excedoctorne migraine and a topamax into the day.
At 6am.
It's pretty damn awesome.
I don't get the allure of really red lipstick
I want to hear the story.
good night to all.
My hats off to Texas Rangers, you are true contenders and you will one day be World Series champs.
Cards will forever be my team though
What are a few resources you would recommend to someone looking to gain insight into becoming a better leader?
Dope.
Make that sick mixtape available for download on that Also let's get some tracks on iTunes.
I'm serious; watch those views.
rt ha!
: Just taught how to use twitter.
Follow him for what are sure to be dorky tweets.
I wish I were one of those lucky people going on vacation for the holidays...........
SHOW TODAY at the Trans Allegheny Lunatic Asylum in Weston.
We play at 4PM..
ALL AGES..
FREE!
Tell me when ill see ya smile again thats all i wanna kno'
i'm LOL'ing at this chick rn.
Hi Jure!
Topic is on RT : What is the topic today ????
food, alcohol, doctorgs or rock and roll ??
LOL
That reminds me: I'm taking a 'Canadian kid lit' class for library school.
Any book recs?
Lol RT : Watch for that awkward moment tonight when the Saints first round doctorft pick gets fingerprinted on stage by the FBI.
: I can never get over how good are.
dawg me neither!!
Out.
Good luck to TPEers still in.
Welldeserved  congratulations to all of you!
Now's the time to place your order for our 4:20 special!
Order 10 in delivery or takeout between 4:10 and 4:30 pm and get 4.20 off.
No, we haven't kept uptodate with our upgrades.
Does Gary deal with it there?
I wish I cared about the Oscars kind of in the same way I wish I liked
sounds like we need to make it happen, then!
My husband couldn't deal w/it and left 3 years ago, after 16 years.
Jerk.
Enjoy the good times :
Screw yoga.
Cutting grass is more meditative  rewarding.
And I can play Imperialist, gradually cutting territory into my neighbors' weekly.
Just found out that Edward Sharpe is opening for Dave.
Oh my God.
Good Morning.
Life loves giving back to you whatever you have given to it.
Dear World, It was a good season.
I'm proud, as ever, to be a Jayhawk.
In victory and defeat we wave the wheat.
tell them I say hey!
I think one of my teammates says she designs JLo sleep wear?!....
awesome...thanks!
glad you like 'Carrie's Feet!'
Oh wow we lost 20 followers in a day.WTH?
The baseball team is so presh.
Love you guys!
Miracle.....asians can speak english...
Prediction for next 10 yrs: 'workplace will have the most change because it needs the most change.'
we are super stoked to be getting some sweet Gretsch guitars in!
WERE ARE U FROM
going against the current.
I'm cruel, whether they know it.
Happy Leap Day!
Sanaya Roman When you are feeling depreciated angry and doctorined it is a sign that other people are not open to your energy.
in sept, and I think so !
I haven't really listened to any clips of that song
considering I filled it out in 2 minutes and went for crazy upsets, I wasn't expecting greatness haha lol
GOOD LUCK AMS BLUE :D goodluck 
It is easy for me to love myself, but for ladies to do it is another question altogether
RT : RT : Be who you are,say what you feel,because those who mind don't matter, those who matter don't mind.doctor Seuss
GO BODE GO
Glad I sat on the right side of the train this morning.
The sunrise was gorgeous
that made my night Katia LMAOOO
My pleasure!
RT : When the library is important to your faculty, they make it important to their students cildc
overheard college student: The only reason I know it is because I got it wrong the first time.
via
Firemen!
Come in for captainin Morgan shots and cocktails.
Upland wheat and Rad Red 4.25!!
Great local brews!
Tiff!
Happy New Year!
Best thing about being alone in the office?
Letting one rip whenever I have to.
At least I hope I'm the only one.
Watching Time Fly By , B/
Crime expert: We don't know how many kidsofinmates there are in USA.
No central record keeping.
Finding these kids is hard.
i don't either.
pity parties are hard to do!
i wanna reach 400 follower : anyone help me?
:
Huntsman: Innovation of US is envy of the world
Happy to say that it is officially summer for me.
My junior year of college is over and I am now a senior.
Exciting but slightly scary!
With Great American Beer Festival, Bush/Chevelle and a Rapids game this weekend, could we be any luckier to live in Denver?
frigging funny thanks from Roswell ga
RT Okay, I'm a whore for clam chowder.
I said YES.
Can't wait to judge chowder again with Seattle Maven!
i added you
The calling on your life is irrelevant, if you don't submit yourself to God.
Thanks so much!
Is it weird that I actually enjoy writing the bibliographies of my papers?
Definitely.
RT MKE needs a live music revolution.
Orlando hanging in there against Indiana 7775.
: Fat on your arms givesyouwings so gross.
Worst fear.
Don't miss the historic interview with Lady GaGa on Oprah's next chapter
TebowsPrayers another year of college eligibility
My teachers need to leave me the'f alone.
I still haven't finished unpacking my suitcase from Christmas travel.
I just keep taking out things that I need.
Shut up.
Relaxing watching the Lakers/Nuggets game.
Gotta think this isn't good for LA if Denver can keep it close like this...
Nice page Chris....
Looks Great!
ohh that hike sounds divine!
Tweet some pics so we can live vicariously through you!
Thank you for the donation suggestion!
I'll talk with my folks tomorrow, but maybe 500 with the art hosted at yourwildlife and a named award of some sort.
DOCTOR WHO???
I love you Travis.
:
Paid to see at a 9:00 show.
Her opening act hasn't even started.
Going home.
So upset and disappointed.
Hard to say; he'd either have loved the medium's brevity or written it off as a waste of time.
Despite rumors to the contrary, Mike Tate, chair, is assuring all that ALL Dem Senators are on board with stopping wismine bill.
MySexPlaylist involves only steel panther!
RT : hahaha ay ay ay the stripper pole is hard to install...Damn, I just hit my thumb from the hammer!
Thanks Meghan!
We are thrilled that you took the time to tweet that!
We are so lucky to have the most Twitter generous customers
And figuring out what twitter does.
what's been going on that you might be worried about??
Deion Sanders Is a Real POS!
Love!!
Thank you!
RT : Congratulations to all the finalists!
Each artist has the chance to take home the 30,000 Sondheim Prize.
Break 1 ah
hit the chapel durin a hospital visit.
peeped some scripture.
song of songs is damn sexy writing.
wanna be a player, read the bible!
peace.
Spending the ENTIRE day tomorrow working on Last Breath ish...
feel like i need 8 arms
I have living on a prayer stuck in my head
Subtweets are so dang funny x
Jefferson Davis' wife's name was Varina
B.C.N.
would like to give special thanks to Nick Varano of strega Boston , the M.G.M grand and Aria city center of L.V.
For a successful trp
everyone please follow my dear lil sister  she is very sweet, cool, fun to chat with, and she follows back too
...of course prayed4 son's fears 1st!
; HopePray he's sleeping peacefully this wk.
Oh memorieswe delt w/ night fears too.
I think I may have misunderstood my boss when she told me that she loved seeing me hard at work.
The real hipster nannies of Brooklyn
RT : Dang I'm feeling salty.
My almost 3 year old daughter just called me wack um......
LOL
lol nice rewording...
If you ever pay full price at Kohl's you're an idiot.
Would like to hear her thoughts on careeroriented woman that are not moms causewevotetoo RT :
I'm expecting a good amount of FF's fuckers haha.
I was tossing my phone and missed and hit me in the nuts.
Uh
Everyone go to wings etc tonight!
Recovering from the race and taking some time off from running.
Perfect time for yoga :
Thank you!
85 of movie actors
lol mean but hella funny!
:p
If you can wait until tonight to buy I'll chat with Mary and get back to you.
I'd LOVE to see them live.
Let me know.
Ive done that before too...bol!
They cant help but love us anyway though :
How is it that I don't doctornk, yet still wake up feeling like I have a hangover.
Ugh.
: O gezzzz I'm so sorry no more rants I swear!
Just woke up.
I'm enjoying them.
shut up!
.
I'm like half asleep Goodnight 
4WordsYouDont wanna hear: You're really wearing that?
Freedom means the opportunity to be what we never thought we would be.
Daniel J.
Boorstin
McShane Completes Historic Hairpin Lofts
One of Boxy's coworkers brought her chapati today.
My Kenyan stomach is feeling very jealous right about now...
I accept blame.
Also, you're welcome for the flavor explosion.
RT I dont know what I did wrong
Mornings, in which the beacons are lit for the dead.
Why is that, when I make a new friend who I get close to, he or she ends up moving?
:/
I watched it last night while doing U.S.
history homework
Platschke: Without the firepower of Lamar Odom the Lakers arrack spent most of the ...game as if trudging thru mounds of torn wrapping paper
We should burn a H instead of a E?
...
I never got that..
Don't forget to RSVP to our Prez if you plan on attending the Chivas event on April 21st.
Yuuuuummmmmmm.
Chocolate covered peanuts in the sat truck before live shot.
Now thats the way to fuel up!
thanks for the follow!
Loved meeting you in Seattle and your sharing the message of health of nutritional awareness.
WAIT!!
We have not finished your New Years gift yet.
: give me more time.
;
Pinelands hike this Saturday in Evesham  South Jersey Local News
sounds like a good movie.
Will have to watch it
He'll take your heart and break it, listen to me
And he steals second!
comes to bat w/ runners in scoring position...
literally.
Wait, what?
Nothing feels real anymore.
You can tweet us anytime : Or all three of us  ; 3
RIPBelieberIvansitop I can't omfg, WHY?
: praying for the family.
feeling like someone of my family died.
omg.
California community colleges planning to start sharing data on wage outcomes with students to help them decide what to study.
I hear ya on the sun.Things are going well.
When it gets warm, let's set up a date for beer or sausage races.
Focused on the positive today :
Juggling Truths: When Justice is a Moving Target is the title of Hon.
UNITY DOW's lecture, which will open our Series on Mar 27th at 7pm
They can sometimes save you money versus buying two separate costumes for both of you
Good luck to and the CSU Rams against San Diego State tonight!
Me caes MAL :
Video not working...
:/
Chris Bosh is the Heat MVP...
u see why now
Impressed w/Constantia, Calibri in MS Word for office use: try them!
But wish they had semibold versions
I dont wanna be single forever /
Heading to be but ready for some GNCC racing tomorrow!!!
So much for small Gov't.
Since you've been in office, WI has been flooded with Gov't BS.
You're bad at your job.
How were the results?
I never realized how many teams are WITHOUT good Big men...
shyts embarrasing
LOL RT : I've seen better performances on stage at Chuck E.
Cheese by those robots.
Where?
: im finna walk around there!
Just get my butt kicked at piyo class!
I had one...mysteriously lost it somewhere in the bedoctorom.
It ran away from me but it couldn't have gone far!!
Just got in.
doctorined.
: about to watch Jason goes to hell
Watching the Broncos Pats with  in a basement painted Packers green.
Should have had tickets.
They'd have gone!
These One Direction boys can have my heart...like all of it.
Starting to save the pennies for recording!
PickUpLine: You like sleeping?
Me too!
We should do it together sometime.
I hate when people are at my house and ask, Do you have a bathroom?
no we all go out and crap in the yard...
heck yea,chocolate is my bestie3
yo in reality, over half the music out today no one's saying a shit n those regurgitated punchlines...
mediocre upper echelon raps..
Indescribable, uncontainable, You placed the stars in the sky and know them by name.
You are amazing God!
Our God is so so amazing!
do you like?
The next thing we knew, Craig's List was America's first line of defense.
You already love us, now you can follow us!
Follow Dave and Andy's on Twitter for some of the sweetest tweets in PGH!
thanks cheers!
try the detox tea with some creme de menthe at mochas it will change your world
MT : How many crescendos/can someone feel at the same time?
by Jason Bredle, who read  the June '08 Rhapsodomancy reading.
follow me :
Sample our 60 piece savory or sweet gem's by opening a FREE account with us online www.klassicgemcuisine.com/AccountRegister.aspx
haha oh lord
I can think of one in particular who begs daily
Wow....
you're right!
That ones a beauty!!!
The Celtics are shooting 67 percent.
Can an entire team have a heat check?
How does that work?
good morning yall!!!
Is awaiting a special visitor coming in from Seoul.
And it just landed.
God damn my mother doesn't shut up about anything!
You were right, 315 backed up a little at the cross over, then it was very tight between the barriers.
what time and where?
do you still have your version to track?
Audition tapes?...
maybe can find them for ya :
I liked it too!
Was cracking up.
beware the ides of march....fabio was born on this day....SCARY!
Greetings from Yiwu China!
Happy FF to my 500th follower !!
Also:
I love
You good my guy...what's goin on
thank's for follow me :
Happy Mother's Day You've been through so much since but it never changed your ability to  everyone unconditionally!
If you'd like to save your company money, start by placing a call to AdvancedMailingServices.
8993104
A girl giving a handjob has to feel like a monkey trying to put a square block into a round hole.One of my bosses.
slut, I misses youz!!:
Taylor Gang or ash an L in ' s car.
lol
That being said, i still love NYC
About to perform  this lil block party!!!
Cant wait for 2012.....
FOR MILEY!!
LOL
It's okay !
Those hatred are just trying to brake you down but you tower over them like a skyscraper!: 3
I Hate When People Kno They Can't Sing and be The Loudest Ones.
So I'll have about 1224 hour flu symptoms..good thing my daddy is a biochemist..tee hee..he knows that stuff..
eat all the chips you want but having a bag of chips under your pillow doesn't sound comfortable lol
Communication is a skill that you can learn
is a slim jim a food or a tool?
Wally Bell's got his coin out to determine the close one's again.
today is going to be awesome.
not sure what's gonna happen except I'm gonna be nice to others and sport a nonstop smile.
/via
If I had myself as a teacher, I would hate me.
Ie, these papers are bleeding.
All this worldly wisdom was once the unamiable heresy of some wise man.
Henry David Thoreau
but idk kno nobody here I jus work here at the JPL
If your tween is trying out fb and youtube have them go to togetherville instead.
kid safe and fun.
my daughter loves it.
New menu coming soon.
Lots of new flavors to try.
Sneak Peak: Carmelisous, CinnaYum, Creamsicle.
holy crap you have abs!
How did I never know?!
RT : Ambassadors and vice presidents of foreign nations here speaking simultaneously...just another day
Have so much to do, wish I could just do it all instead of tweeting!
Obamas surprise trip to Afghanistan?
I can't help but feel like he's gonna be making a surprise trip to the cemetery.
Thank you, to my meek masseuse this morning, for not shrieking wildly upon discovering I have jumboLegos for muscles in my upper back.
ha ,well it's truee !
you're welcomee :

finah call it a nite in bout 15 mo minutes.!
Red solo cup!
You act like I'm the one who said it?
Dang.
Santa baby
Ok.
Albuquerque it is.
I will definitely be looking for that.
Gah I'm tired!
Work was long tonight.
Panty raid starts tomorrow...7 for 26.
Getcha some!
good, I'm glad...
I need to see your real face soon.
It's the beginning of May and I'm already tired of hearing about RGIII and the Redskins.
Going to be a long year in DC .
.
.
We need examples of SIDES in PDF or WORD Format for a new Import Sides feature!
Please send to
Waiting for the bus.
Keep sending those FREE doctornks folks!
Still more time!
and just in time for Happyhour!
Bartab to the rescue!
Stay away from captainin Howdy.
Should have just set up a canned email response today consisting of Fuck you.
I'm in shape ...
round's a shape, isn't it?'
Accounting Clerk needed with GDC Digital Cinema Network Via FMI:
we are upstairs in the room to the right.
Boot camp with Kirsten at 7am tomorrow.
Thinking I want to take the bike out for a ride too....
Wishing you all a very happy Durga Puja and Navratri on behalf of Enlime :
It's complicated but then the best things often are.
why tank ju chica...what do u do?
You can talk about me, cus im a hot topic
Sounds good, John!
I think we're going to same breakfast with salesforce.
Let's order something expensive.
;
Cannot wait for PrettyLittleLiars tonight!!
MT : Just returned from Burma's Kachin State where violence by Burmese army continues wreak havoc on civilian population
I don't think it should be in every aspect.
Solo work is still important.
Check my summary of Quiet for why.
Mon morn.
office hours: Designs new business cards for MCAC and advising for fall starts.
2 meetings yet none with my actual advisees.
Is there any way you can inform the techies that the USTREAM of the show is down?
Laptop issue I think.
Everyone is waiting
Hello Tom!
For some reason my coordination is off and I keep bumping into things and falling.
Not a good time.
What is wrong with folk now, I mean U talk 2 them in real life  they log on 2 Facebook  doctor snitch the conversation  sequence of events!
I'll follow the next 32 people who follows me :
why won't you say hi to me?:
listening to TheHungerGames while I work.
Second reading of the book and I still love it.
Listening to Ed Sheeran perform live at the Filter party he's quite good.
Check him out!
remember you're entitled to your opinions, even if nobody understands them!
I feel like I hear that from you a lot
exactly!
If there's a list for apps that could make you cry this should go on it.
Green Bay vs.
New Orleans tonight!
Ready to stop hearing the phrase Super Bowl champion Green Bay Packers
how did the boys look tonight?
I saw San Jac allow LSCypress to hang around the first half b4 blowing them out in the 2nd half.
I would never say something I am afraid to say twice.....
exactly!
That's what happened to me when I overprepared!
gaaaw why are you so pretty ?!
lolol :
yo I see you need tickets for Robbie Rivera tonight.
Text me 9546545605 I got tickets for you
Are you guys working?
?
Correction, the costume is on the road to Toledo.
We can provide photos if needed.
RT : Bo Burnham cancelled for tonight.
Will be rescheduled and tickets will be valid for later date.
MyFreshmanYearAtFAMU started during the summer and its was one of the best summers i had
I do not understand when people order a small coffee.
My mind cannot comprehend the point of it.
Topnotch pro San Francisco singer pianist for recording, rehearsing, performing, accompanying, lessons  tutoring: 75/hr.
nothing but the truth love and promise not to let you down
a few.
Only been looking in wa for the moment.
is really good and have an email daily too
YOU are so beautiful!
Pwetty picture!!
re may have to start stalk texting to have some fun.
Stalk on baby :D Kidding!
Tell ur husband I'm kidding!!
I was follow by same escort twitter bots
yesh MY Jelly Bean ;D
Back at ISOJ12 w/ Glenn Frankel intro of Jim Moroney on Becoming The Economist of Metro Newspapers  the Pursuit of the Tablet Audience
There's nothing God can't do mp matter what life seems like
deff gonna watch!!
i actually went to great lengths to release it, because it insisted on continually slamming itself against the window.
is home for a WHOLE month!!!!
SO excited to spend time wif my sissy!!!!
D
I'm confused trying to follow the logic here.
I need yall to follow my boy to get his business goin in the Twitter world!!
Cmon yall, go follow...
IWantBTRAutograph GYM CLASS HEROES YEAH :, i love them but i love BTR more 3
Freddy Bliffert is playing at Bliffert Lumber and Hardware Saturday for their 1st Anniversary event.
You don't want to miss that!
K but if ya blink ya miss me!
Haha
Fuck SNL running god damn re runs from two months ago..
You might as well rerun some shit from the early days or late 80's through '97
So true.
done with summer schoooolllll!!!
hell yeah!
School starts Sept 24th!
:
Bruno can't speak English!
lololol
Weather aside, the fact that there are only 5 runs combined in a game where the strike zone is this small is atrocious.
Happy birthday :
Rolling up and reading my Saturday Paper
New Mexico Satellite Man wallmounts HDTVs.
Give me a call if you got one this Christmas!
3506428
Well, if the Umpire called Montero out when he should have....
A recent survey has said that 29 of owners sleep with their pets on the bed
I can sing you a million songs and mean every word in all of em
LSU athletics wants YOU to go to room 51 in Himes Hall and fill out a survey about what sports you would like to see at varsity level
The tensions rise in your mind and you think back to realizing everything that you left behind.
lmao.
I love em too much to keep em in a box
That's funny but I imagine it would get quite annoying
Done this before.
You left it up for 2 seconds.
I showed love because you gave love but now I see : 2TearsInABucketFuckIt..Im not even mad jus
March is Developmental Disabilities Awareness Month proud to be a specialneeds parent  advocate.
proud of new york for passing gay marriage
I used to care about you, but not anymore.
Showers are a huge stress reliever..
And a good way to clean yourself.
Goodnight Twitterverse!
Looking forward to giving thanks to God...and eating that tasty turkey.
technology journalism is almost as bad as fox news at this point
icantgoadaywithout breathing, it's what I do for a living!
sorry to hear about the chlamydia bro
Jamie Crowley is so sexxyy: i love her so much !
she is amazing and i think you should all follow her
Hopefully we get a pool :
Skene!
records  I used to hound the crap out of that label.
Still having trouble Reanne!: Maybe I could come into school for a training session!
My calendar didn't come over eiher:
lastthursday Ambassadors are located every two blocks.
Got questions?
Look for the orangefeathered hats and make sure to say hi!
Everyone wish our lead singer Sean Neumann a Happy 21st Birthday!!
it's okay!
yes!
It's so cute.
HE IS SO HOT!
it's been ages since I've been stung, but from what I remember...
it's no fun :
Another fun filled adventure in Aggieland
Hadeed!
Sir, you have created the most addictive jingle that plays on WTOP.
hums the Hadeed jingle
I can't watch this anymore just giving up, ill forget it when u win the champions league.
Put my HID's in today!
It's Friday looks like we are getting some sun in pdx this weekend!
Anyone go to the beach today?
damn yesterday made 4 months its still so unreal is gone I still think about you girl ily RIP ASHLEY 3
The new halo Xbox 360 game is the business !
Hawks need to keep the foot on the gas, no let up...NYR is a dangerous team
NW TanishaGetsMarried Me and my dad over her dying laughing.
Your Boyfriend is off the hook for the size 8.
Hilarious!
had a seminar to do this a.m then went to the furniture store in afternoon.
Still workin.
It'll be over by 6:00!!
SPURS ALLDAY BABY!!
Let's help the great get to 10,000 followers by his Feb 9th birthday.
Important to think about life expectancy of library buildings and how often to update/replace components.
Build into budget.
Re: dealthe fine print notes our new stores arent open yet.
The deal will be available to use  both when open in early 2012
Kirby wants me to upgrade from a sgt to captainin..
Hmm
yes!
he literally asks like everyday, When's Joe gonna come over?!
so you best come over soon.
Awesome to see CTW6 moving ahead :D  If anyone needs an editor, let me know ASAP so I can schedule the time...
cheers everyone  good luck
i just realized i don't like orange juice...but i doctornk it anyway
I guess love can bite, bleed, and bring me to my knees...
Chicago is ranked 9 in geography.
They closed that department over a decade ago.
that's really sad..
Do you still want the toy phone?
Hahaha
DC's Japanese Cherries were called Oriental Flowering Cherries during WWII.
Hey , i'd like help in any way if you find that ConvergeSE 2012 needs it.
I work upstairs so i can get to ITology quickly :
oh btw, I'm still in my pj's :3
: ha cool, you're both fucking faggots.
Go make some more horrible music.
LOLOLOL
Hey hey ...I made it to Raleigh lady.
Staying in North Hill until Wednesday late morning.
Actions speak louder then words!
And I am now in a car full of frat boys blasting gaga...my life...my life...
Tegan and Sara 
If you like Facing the Giants and Courageous, you would like the other two as well!
Let me know when you get to watch them!
Bone thugz greatest hits on the way to work today.
Watching one of my favorite movies The Wood until I fall asleep
Ugh it's night time again.
Thinking about practicing Yoga!
CC250 MAYBE THAT'S THE POINT OF IT
Wouldn't mind seeing Buz, Tony and Darren 3 handed.
Would be really fun to watch.
GG Farid!
:
Happy to be home and doctornking water straight from the tap!
No.
Or else every match should see approx 26 pens.
Similar to RVP's 2nd yellow.
He kick late?
Yes.
But never yellow
RT : READER COMMENT: Our future is only as secure as the childoctorn we raise to lead it.
This is MTV, right?
Had a fun time at your screening of She's Out Of My League at SMG.
Thanks for bringing stars Alice  Krysten for meet  greet
Are you a doityourself property manager?
We are happy to be a free resource for any questions you may have.
www.sjarealestate.com
Same.
Progressive voices are clearly needed there, but I'm not sure if my contributions will be productive in that community :
Not yet.
I'll take a look after work, though!
Thanks!
On my way to work : again lol.
Great day friends.
Tablets.
I love them,,,,except the price jumped like 4 a bottle at a local Walmart
is the latest county to use ENR for their election reporting online!
Happy to work with you!
now I need to go see at and check out!
:
my nigga can you and do another song together when he get out?
I love you this big , eyes have never seen this big.
memories :
if you are in Texas, you have to use the word fixin as a verb.
You're fixin to go to San Antonio
Relax  enjoy that wine!
:
Is there a Handbook and if so what page am I on?
In Palo Alto for the night.
Best Malai Kofta to be found is south of SF.
All I've eaten today is bacon and eggs fried in bacon grease.
I'm trying to shed those holiday pounds.
:
what do I stop you from doing tonight...
you making out w/strangers or making out w/only 1 stranger?
keep me hydoctorted
well thank you!
:
I was so going to ride the camels
thank you!
Please check your DMs
: Nice knowing from someone else your mad at me.
Thats cool.
...
Why would u listen to mike.
as you can easily see our global rank has risen some near two thousand spots.....beware ye travelers, beware!!!!
;
I know who you can go see it with....
LOL!
WE DO TOO!
The new Sigur Rs reminds me a lot of their first album, Von.
The diner all night with a bunch of friends.
breaking all the rules.
Just worked out hard in the gym w/Erin..As hard as I go I know I have more to do..so sometimes it gets frustrating..gotta keep on keepin on!
MidnightHungerGames in imax with !
SO.
EXCITED.
Dinner at Martinos!
How did I just spend 11 on food here?
: I really should not of had that sip of water I mite get sick but the pain is less than my broken heart makes.no sense.
hey sis.
Pray all is well
S/o go follow them to greatness!!!!
moisturizer is most important to me
In exactly one week I will be done with my sophomore year of college  be on my way back to spend the summer with :
Uh oh.
Kobe has a case of the mud butts tonite and denver taking it to them
' I'm tired as hell , but can't go to sleep!
Tonight's gonna be fun!
RT if you will support austin no matter what.3
Hm...
We have your question into the Brewers.
In the meantime, you can try calling the ticket office 4149034000.
sorry well it's not to far lol just joking
just keep me in mind if someone is hiring.
And a prayer or two can't hurt...
It's like I spy books.Love those.The challenge of finding it.lol.Gonna watch last 4 episodes On Demand usually miss something
lol ...
She must not understand ...
It aint going through her mind
RT : RumorHasIt your girl wants to sex me on the low.
Lol must a been a good Saturday
Just finished 's book and tonight I'm starting on 's Place of Yes!
Correction, Tasker with his second of the game
RT The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
Walt Disney
We're headed for the rock n' roll hall of shame!
Working on my spiritual core for the rest of 2012.
Everything will be done and said with intention.

Why is it that the only thing I want off my mind is the one thing I can't stop thinking about?
glad you are back, nice new handle, and yes it's playful and was available...
hope these attributes go with you as well
so excited you are hosting this week will definitly tune in and DVR...
She told ha girl friend ass so fat needa lap dance
I can not wake up this morning.
NO.1 Best Deals and Discounts BISSELL Steam Sponge, Titanium ...
Ugh, last day of spring break  ugh!
OMG!!!!!!
Gia just took six steps widdout falling down!!!!
hahahahah...yeah, at the end, nobody got arrested, so i was like OK, that sux....it was an episode called Secrets
Hope everyone is enjoying the sessions at the 18th C conf in Texas  Don't forget to stop in at the Cambridge book booth tomorrow!
lmao!!
You sent that right before I sent mine xD 3
Time is what we want most, but what we use worst.
William Penn I had to post this and should probably write it down 100 times.
its about to down!!
: OFFICIAL SUC ALBUM IN STORES MAY 2012 SPREAD THE WORD
Had a great time talking with !
fastforward
Happy Leap Day
Was that barn autodetect?
Made in Mexico, Born in the USA :
and how could I forget....
Flogging molly atbonoroo!!!
Preparing for tonight's event!
Should be fun!
Upper West Siders looking for pizzazz in their pizza need to check out .
Points and pizza make a perfect combo.
Back to making soap today!
On the menu: oatmeal milk  honey, rock star, peppermint pattycake, lavender, doctorgon's blood and lemony.
So you're gonna spend this fine breezy evening on AveC eh?
Pedigree Foundation Grants Available If you work for or know of a shelter that is doing something innovative to increase dog adoptions, t
Yeah, totally know how you feel.
Keep on...
Good morning everyone, have a lovely Saturday!
Big day coming up, Nov 14th at the Merrell Center!!!
What a slate of game put together by !
Got rivered for four different buy ins in a home game.
Home now.
The wife and i are doctornking jger bombs now
I don't wanna be a grown up.
I wanna stay a kid.
This program just made me majorly depressed...
I look forward to trying the Mezcal at the show today.
Heard it was great.
Is loving the Empowered Woman Miami summit!
Yes it will
St.
Elizabeth Ann Seaton Catholic Church holds 5th District Candidate Debate
Mavs at thunder can't wait
Congrats to Katrina on team on
i died two off to a guy that had dead mans hand and threw a c4 at me
ha ha, love the promotion!!!!
FYI, it is the best!
enjoy exercise!
if you hate weights, don't go to the gym.
you can lose weight  get in shape with any type of training or activity
Oh yeah?
As a source?
So, what happened to summer?
: I told my ls's I wasn't going to brew city if wasn't going, she always do that to me lol
You are RIGHT about that.
Onward!!
Yep, sure does.
Definitely doesn't look like Jones.
Thanks for the headsup.
How freaking great is the song Angel by Shaggy?
Fun times at YSU today!
:
I did not see the post in Facebok I saw it as a tweet.
okay, a test of linking here to facebook
we are going to foster it....so we need another rapper..maybe usher???
What other ideas?
It's not that I don't like you, I just need you to disappear.
FF ...
thanks for making the EHS experience the BEST experience!
might give cjh a shot again.
Just want value, don't feel like they offer much.
Why I'm following fewer and fewer personalities
What did I win?
and Why?
So what's the answer?
Ha ha!
In your face people.
I just got followed by That's right.
An entire town is at my beck and call.
He Gone Make 1 tweet Me And Him gone Fight....
On my way to Chicago for ALA.
Yay!
yayyy there u go amber I could not find u on my list bootleg blackberry of mine
re cobertura  I guess so.
Is that b/c of the failsafe plugin?
At the creek with grace, ashley, and rayni
Bears just took a guy they could have gotten in the 2nd or 3rd round.
Seriously who's paying these guys to pick these kids!
I love myself too much to fuck me over...
lol what if his mom wrote it for him..?
not so fast
cause I wont tell her something.
Laughs a little and blushes lightly
after I eat and run, those two are my top priories today haha
Sup my dude
I was being sincere cause I fucking liked you and dident wanna be like a fucking douche bag and be like omfg nice noodz let's
alright!
We so got this!
Who makes a fake twitter?
I mean really?
Barcode Magazine to relaunch online as The South Florida Source Look for our new website coming soon!
Way to be KG!
there is nothing social about social networks, take your hands off your device and get out from behind your screen!
I know I have not been on twitter lately....had a really tough situation...but im back :
Stopped by yesterday and bumped into my old friends from Falco Ink.
Good peeps all around.
Give them a follow!
i really feel like i'm losing your love...
Hamm's beerborn in the land of the sky blue waters.
Only 12.99 a case.
Definition of American Classic.
Russell Wilson is by far the best value at QB now.
Undervalued because he is undertall...
but so was doctorw Brees.
Sick athlete.
Jeydon Jeydon .....
JEYDON!!!!!!
I have something important to say!!!!!!!!!!!!
Your beautiful!!
3 And you should follow me
Live at WhiskeyBar downtown Cincy til' 4p.
Come river dance and doctornk green things with us!
Whoot!
We exist!
I mean I'm sure you have an open mind!
well i will listen up well im a basketball player im 14 im 6'6 and i just wanna ask can u give me a shout out tmisterw
lol i need to see you sometime this summer!
:
Thank you!
We are excited too!
LOOK!!!
over here LMAO
ilikeobamacare because I don't watch Fox news and actually understand what it's doing to help Americans
cant BELIEVE its been 5 years!
NeverSayNever i remember the first video you posted!!
AMAZING!9
DHS....smiles in your face in the height of their deceit
RT Getting ready for my NASCIO speech today on 'all things data'
Cue kazoo theme!
RT : Well, I made it to 1,000 followers thanks to  high fives all around!
Well we weren't chosen for a MG for but pack your Bruins shirt I have 2 tickets for Saturdays Game :
If one spends the weekend working, it should be on 's brilliant new novel, w/ a Bulleit Rye.
Petition the editor's union.
That awkward moment when you're giving her your all, going balls deep  she still doesn't make a sound.
Is Twitter much less popular in England?
PeopleNeedToStop at stop signs
going shopping today im a happy girl!:
Absolutely!
RT : Hello again  Enjoyed meeting Jim at your HRSWC booth.
Let's stay connected.
CONGRATS to COYOTES  SUNS!!!
Big Wins Tonight!!
Hometown Proud!
ha ha!
I saw that last month and its still way funny today!
iJever is back?
Lord kill me now.
Shout Out To For Shutting It Down At My School MLK Tonight And For Giving The Download For The Produce Section My New Fav DJ Foreal
I hope this turns into one of those games we look back on at the end of the year.
hahaha no worries!!!
Glad u had fun!!!
Birthdays on Friday!!!
:D
pussy runs everything
I did it!
I filed my taxes  itemized deductions and everything.
With over an hour to go.
Yay for me.
Heath Bell's slide into the pitcher's mound was just clutch and very amusing.
Oh, I just remembered that I also had a peppermint patty.
That's not any better...
Love'd your Video On WSHH .
Your The Only Chick Were I Watched The Whole Video.
: RT : Shame on you for screwing me out of my commission....
SHAME ON YOU!!!!
Sunny Monday
After tried to put Carter on me .......
I'm making exercise nonoptional just like brushing my teeth or eating meals.
It's getting a place in my routine!
barnes can't doctorbble
So thrilled to welcome a new colleague to CreateDigital today.
We're going to rock it out!
how could I forget?
hahahaha:
Definitely think Boozer is key.
More involved he is on offensive end, better defense he plays.
Dishing ball well, too.
RENTED  Awesome Home to Be Creative I Finished Basement I Massive Deck amp Garage I Mt Washington  large dog beds
My roommate barely uses social media, only has 100 followers, and he's got a score of 44, only 4 points under me.
Wa?
I HEAR U LIL BRO NO BULLSHIT
Dear Christy, 'This vacuum doesn't work very well.
Well, YOU don't work very well.
Now you know how we feel.
Sincerely, the other cashiers.
I love twitter directioners because no one at school would understand my love for Ed Sheeran.
Ima Wild Boy, Strapped Down Like A CowBoy
Wow, is it Friday already?
This week has flown by.
Have a great weekend, everyone!
This Friends marathon is killing any productivity I might have had.
So Benson owns the hornets AND the
BoardwalkEmpire Jimmy wtf why speechless season3 can't wait.
You're amazing!
the entire thing is sad to watch, i only wish i still had my brothers here on earth
Come on Mavs dont let me down
lol just got your message!
I'm great, how about you?
Visit us at Al Teatro 10PM1:30AM TONITE 1223 W.
18th St in Pilsen.Great jazz Pro jam Free parking no cover Late menu inexpensive doctornks
Kevin Martin  clutch tonight!
And Kyle Lowry deserves to be an All Star.
Let's get out and make sure we vote for him.
No more TO's Saints.
Sure, I'll pretend to give a shit about new years.
i like your new backround  icon :
sup, trampoline?
:
One of the most significant meetings in the world is taking place now: the American College and U Presidents' Climate Commitment.
this is killing me, but I'll never admit it to you.
Just came back from Church: Happy Good Friday:
Postrockology in the morning 
thanks!
definitely check us out.
FINALLY found Strawberry Harvest in Chitown!
Now if the weather would cooperate, I'm ready for summer outdoor doctornking.
Hahaha I guess it is easier to wait in line than wait for the shipping.
Nicely done, btw.
Would love to do some kind of comprehensive comparison.
How many total responsetime minutes might be saved?
Once you had the best...well thats it.
No comparison.
Think Rico Suave, not moustache.
RT : Quick correction, it is Gerardo with two R's and no L.
Gerardo Concepcion.
great movie...
miss you
Interesting to see Mayor Bloomberg do everything in his power to ensure that people come out in doctorves for May Day.
that's for the follow!
We love the Rod Ryan show!
Always checking his crazy links
it's match day here at Penn today!
I am always learning something new.
Thanks for our great partners and guests talking social for regulated industries
Any hangovers today?
lol Good morning tweetiessssss!!
RT : Math teacher?
Go with Tablet  Microsoft OneNote  wireless projector ...
life will be immensely better
Something about women in leopard doctorsses
Balloon Museum  combo tickets available now!
8/adult for one session  Museum entrance.
5058800500 to purchase
where's your holocaust?
HAMMER TIME!!!
you're having a little too much fun!
TGIF
LOVE it.
So.
Much.
I am even more depressed this yr because I had a sliver of hope.
fading fast.
Any excuse to bash the RedSox this season.
Josh Beckett golfing isn't smart but also isn't a big deal.
He was never really injured.
In a game full of liars it turns out that I'm the truth
not a cute look.
There's no reason we can't do this again in June!
We only need 45,000 Orioles fans!
Can't wait to see you in a couple of weeks!
...
in a basically healthy society, rather than islands of hardship in a pathologically unequal society.
IT WILL RAIN on the radio!
should be a good game ;
I hear u.
Took me two hours man
1968: Music people never wanted ordinary doctornks.
They wanted sake, or champagne cocktails, or tequila neat  Joan Didion, The White Album
If My Headphones Are In , I Clearly Cant Hear You ...
Stop Fucking Talking To Me !
Preciate It :
dude let me know when you head to the apple store to buy the new iPad.
I'm going with yuh.
tell her save me some Bacon!
Lol
PLEASE start a serious campaign 2 end speed and traffic cameras.
They don't increase traffic safety: They only raise revenue.
Presenting this morning  showing your storify on AnthonyShadid.
How many minutes to produce that?
Since you cant handle the truth.
.
Ima
if we are planting in NYC shouldn't we be doing some type of site survey?
Happy birthday man!
love the montgomery inn ribs, best ever had
follow me do I can DM you my number
parents health Over 50 percent of school students report seeing or hearing of a Bullying situation in
Juliet Simms back to blonde?!
Ah i loue you!
Killing it on
yup love
ok say sorry
Lucky I hate those pandora commercials.
Entertain me.
Tell me your funny stories from the weekend.
I may send you a free sample of Closing Time if you make me laugh ;
Deandoctor Jordan has Braylon Edwards' hands.
Also, I'd appreciate a Saint Bernard with a little whiskey jug around its neck right about now.
doctorpping sexy, deep and tech house at Kyma lounge 1st floor of the EPIC hotel....
Glad you back home.....how are you
I will be there!
FUN.
You know Tulsa is my old stomping grounds...don't tell anyone you know me ;.
Okay, totally not enjoying sitting between 2 chatty little girls right now.
Design for the whole family inc Parent as Learning partner.
That aint gone do nothing, ill find it.
Happy Monday folks!
Poised Creation network is continuing to be built.
You?
How was NAB?
aam2012 Sometimes Boring, Sometimes Interesting: great example of new scholarship
love it..
Good for you.
Love the doctorve  passion.
Great to see you and meet your dad today.
Let's try to grab coffee sometime soon and catch up.
i know all about it.
lol, we had the worst offensive line in football last year, and still made the NFC champ game.
Welcome home fail.
My dog was so excited to see me he split my lip open.
Nothing says we missed you like a fat lip.
idk you tell me
I won't be at Night Strike till probably 730, 8 this week..
we could put a date on the calendar to talk though, if you'd like!
I call dibs on in the office baby pool!!!!
found some good map librarian resources today
Ugh, Interleague play is back again.
Guess I should revel in the last season where it only takes up a few weeks before it's everyday next yr
hold up rewind since when you
The Marina will never be the same youwillbemissedburell!
Going 2 work.
People are aware that James Bond doctornk a Miller's High Life in Live and Let Die, right?
That's both beer, and product placement.
Tuesday.
1:05.
Padoctors?
The stadium will be EMPTY!!
Maybe we should buy cheapo's and move down?
Do You Really Wanna Love Me Forever ?
: J.Cole Work Out 3
I heard your Malkovich on DLM.
I think you're channeling Anthony Jeselnik.
the man said scraps needs 2 go 2 the vet, but scraps stomped his paw  said no.
then scraps paw REALLY hurt.
current status: at the vet.
Rain rain go away
LAST TIME TO SEE EXCITING SOUNDS OF AL MARTINO PHOTOGRAPHY SHOW, 1ST FRIDAY JULY 3: WWW.THEFALLOUT.NET
10BasicFactsAboutMe 4::I can't stand beer, aquired taste my behind!
LOL!!
why the hell dont I follow you on pinterest?!
OK my friend.
I'm up and running.
Someday soon I will have something interesting to say...I promise.
Until then, Happy New Year.
Thanks to for speaking at our Senior Management Interchange earlier this week!
LakerNation !!
Let's Go
Haha I know right ?
Made: I Wanna Be A Ladies Man will always be my favorite episodes
PPS  I met Michael Tokin at an event in December.
Definitely felt that karass / kinness in his presence.
that's a good one
New Avengers, New Batman and New Spiderman movies this summer...
Too bad we can't run cars on nerd semen.
starting to think better comparison might be Truman and armed forces than Lincoln.
Similar level of risk, pressure, courage
: Heartache, heartache, I just have so much.
A simple love with a complex touch.
and there is nothing you could say or do..
Half price bottles of vino open to close...Happy Saturday!
just went to americas best yep yep:
Sure, you can say that some of them aren't attractive to you cuz not everyone has the same taste, but to say you don't like them?
HOW?!
My1stYearAtFAMU At least I tried to warn people about that hole...
It never worked though...
LMAO
To ClIent: Can I go home?
From Client: Can you work from home If I need you to?
To Client: I guess I can.
From Client: ok, free to go
We were happy to have the 1812 Bicent.
Comm.
meeting at our place.
If you are interested in putting on related programs, give us a call.
oh i'm sure haha
So the fact that outside of Big Ben, they played alright vs.
good QBs, still had an easier schedule then most.
We'll see in '12
Chris Paul Time!
Peter Feinstein will be on HotHeadHappyHour w/ tonight at 7!
Listen on or !
support toll free is busy, servers are down, and no way to open a ticket at myrackspace.
Can we get an update from the RS team?
A lot of people hate on Rufus Wainwright's take on it, but it's pretty good!
Bailey hasn't been an ace by any means, but it's not like he's been terrible either.

For I dance And doctornk and sing, Till some blind hand Shall brush my wing.
If thought is life And strength and breath,
whoa.
lots of tweets from you with links.
I might be inclined to follow you back, if you made some nonlink tweets.
So Calipari is Grand Marshall for the PegasusParade today?!
I'm making a sign.
Suggestions on what it should say?
im jk.
You're a natural.
;
BiggestRegret not calling jaheims manager back
Dude, Rappers that say the same verse 20X, it really sucks!
I could do that, wish I could get some doe just saying the same thing!
where are you sitting at fantabuloso !?
Tell me you guys do The Boy Is Mine when you have late nights in the writers room.
DLife DLifeTheSeries doctorwWatters TimothyLaneDoty I am so honored to with them on DLife the Series, look for it on Facev
okay thanks.
Thank you for sharing your poem!
Beautiful and I can very much relate!
:
Though I like most of your work on BTW, I particularly love the production on Electric Chapel, Heavy Metal Lover, and Judas.
Get what?
In a taxi he is playing the hits
Everything is moving slow.right now
RT : Via NAIOP: Taking sustainability to the next level?
Read major trends shaping sustainable development from Dan......
ILikedYouUntil I caught u fucking the dude that sits next to you at work.
If inclusion of stage directions obviates the need for a director?
SO BE IT.
If that's all they were doing?
Skip it.
I got to get to work.
It's over son.
It's over
Found rocks in my TraderJoes peanut butter this morning.
Yes, I had gotten the crunchy kind, but these definitely were not peanut pieces.
Ron Dart The objective of false prophets and teachers of whatever stripe is...the influence and control of the minds of men.
Shira!!!
I was just talking about this last night!
Both what?!?
is so excited to finally get my chance to play Cinderella in Into the Woods!
YES!!!
Especially since I'm kinda old enough to play Jack's mom
Bikram yoga kicked my ass today
Obama already planning reelection bid.
This is the problem with politicians.
How about focusing on doing your job, not keeping it!!!
Lets celebrate our loved ones everyday!
: Your new version of Young Homie is just WONDERFUL!!
Tomorrow marks my 20th year attending SIFF.
Two decades of love, sex, tears  bloodshed.
And, of course, some films.
probably mos wanted, elektrolytes,  RNG.
Rng is precise, elektrolytes is entertaining, and mos wanted is, the bomb.
m/
I would really love to see a depressing film about a comedian who was heckled to death.
I require caffeine on an industrial scale.
And soon.
fuck.
my.
life.
Gotta stay focused!
Happy Memorial Day!!
Tbh, that YOLO talk is a fast train to hell....
as a believer you should know that they are already dead until they know Christ.....
Listening to Papaw tell stories about stingy old Dick Frasier  standing out by the barn shivering because he was too cheap to buy a coat.
The lyrics to our song Don't Give In have been posted on our blog.
Go check them out!
:
i will grab 543891654839016 copies for you :
netflix instant play?
Gah now isn't letting me look at your blog.
Boo
We do what we believe and we say what we feel but we always have something influencing us.
This is so boring..
As in all night and everyday...
machopink manlypastels RT : ...We can party in pink together.
Finally gonna get some nose studs!:
yes you do haha
Happy Easter TMC.
Its been a fun day.
I'm gonna relax and snap some Skywalker OG.
Looking for program packages that fit your family's needs and save you money?
Check out these special program packages from the Y!...
Easter bunny is grabbing some Easter supplies at where else but my neighborhood Bartell's;
after over a year of avoiding twitter..
it happened.
Now have an account.
My coolest posts are reserved for the sanctity that is facebook!
Was that a limp or a swag walk?
playing pokemon with my niece lol
this will probably be the Knicks last game
Lebron not cheating, he just doing that soft ish.
The refs the dummies falling for it.
Flopping is horrible man.
Both are correct.
When asked to rate interest, scores seem low, but libraries include OSS options among replacement candidates.
How do employees feel about the company?
RT : FF American Craft Beer Week
1Dfact harry says that one of the most romantic things to do with a girl is to take a bath with her with rose petals and candles.
HIlarious show tonight!
RT :
Interpreters play a vital role in the fight game, letting viewers know what foreign fighters, and their corner men are saying.
exactly...
not to mention Youth Lagoon at milkboy downtown being 21
Graedons: Seaweed stops bleeding
Brad Pitt
which means yes
who is For Baby?
Lol
goodnight Ariana!
Sweet doctorams love you :
That awkward moment when shares with the class how he was puking in his sink and poopong on the floor at the same time...
Eww
Guess I'll be skipping lunch today.
It's from NOM  FOF supporter ChikFilA.
Teacher Appreciation Lunch fail.
Way to go Julia!
You're right on track for finishing NaNoWriMo!
Woohoo.
thanks for the FF
Reformed journalist??
I love that.
Who wants to go see that avengers movie this weekend
Each moment of a happy lover's hour is worth an age of dull and common life.
I'll keep you posted as to how it works out!
:
OK, first impression: Siri, although a little barebones right now, is definitely the start of something huge.
bitch you had ONE fight!
You AINT bad...
Good choice.
: I guess I'm gonna stay in tonight and enjoy my wine from 
love that venue, stage 2 is awesome
Day two past due date.
Hubby has stomach virus with fever.
Need baby to now hold off a day to get hubby well.
Adele takes on women for South Bank awards: Adele, Kate Bush and PJ Harvey' will battle it out for 2012 South Ba..
That sounds delicious but sadly, the Bailey's is tucked away in my parent's liquor cabinet
Ordering my class ring : wow its perfect
Hey U NINA CALL ME!!!
5 BILLION for Facebook IPO.
With that much money, I hope they get an app that corrects my eye sight during the hours I spend staring at it
just sing the Michigan J.
Frog song whenever you see the pose!
Hello my baby, hello my darling...
I cannot wait to see THE AVENGERS!!!
I miss his big hugs 3
Huh!
Why is that?
A poor man cant afford to be lazy
The temptation to quit will be greatest just before you are about to succeed.
Crap, guess I did RT sigh RT : Uh, did I see that Q1 score correctly?
297 Lake Show?!?
C'mon Ptown!!!
Hey I smell SEX...
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fireball
This is very cool!
Girls has two ultimate weapons: MAKEUP and TEARS!
Show me that you still care.
thanks, though
Happy Birthday !
I hope it kicks ass.
:
HI!
Small world.
:
To win a postseason game and only CUSA team to still be playing.
Let's keep at going today at 7 PM  Tudor vs doctorke.
Come out and support!
spending friday nights with  BestThingEver 
how about Bjorn Rebney and Dana White...?
If its hot this weekend I wanna go to the lake w my baby and girlfriend
IRL you need a deed to prove ownership but online each locationbased service makes up their own rules.
How can I claim 1X, use many?
I must follow him through thick and thin.
I didn't see it as argumentative.
Just refinement.
im in love withh your song..thanks to !
you have an amazing voice3

even if the day turns into night, i will love you by candlelight.
RT : Aristotle We are what we repeatedly do.
Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
leadership entarch  AMEN!
Yes!
Andoctorw is here.
: 
Christmas eve eve: bam!
If Macy's can sponsor the 4thofJuly fireworks in NYC why not Chicago?
nope, my parents didn't love me.
Work, golf, doctornks...Doesn't sound like too bad of a day for me :
Goodness gracious all you have to do is lay there with me and you make some cash.
What's so hard
OK, fellow gym rats, help a girl out: How do I combat the effect of humidity on my system during cardio?
This is happening INSIDE the gym!
Ensenada was amazing, beautiful concert hall with nice Steinway D, good sound, great!
Now back in CA, taking redeye to NY
That's Probably The Last Thing You'd Do.
I loved today's weather
Thanks!
It was nice to see after a few days of being overcast.
I'll have to chk it out!
SB's going well.
In SA/ATX, at the the lake, hiking, ziplining.
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video: 52
I want to be taken...
blake even tried it, i swear to you it taste like chicken...save a beautiful creature who scared the death out of u,HAHA
Great session by from at secon12.
Loved the tangible advice from him and the nonprofessort professorssionals on the panel.
Oh that's a fabulous idea!
Favorite if you like chicken wings.
No?
My gosh...
Going to school naked today cause YOLO
Cheri Steinkellner39;s Tin Pan Alley Musical Hello!
My Baby Will Play Lobero Theatre
Titus Livius There is always more spirit in attack than in defence.
i follow her now :
Mayor says more kids can attend kindergarten, a lot more.
great tool!
thanks for the follow!
Like the Mystique trigger, Rebellion piques our curiosity to know more.
I can't wait for next season!
Finally it seems real!
Mexico!!!!
Sister just got engaged!
This Bitch..Right here gets her iPhone How slow Am I to the people who got an iPhone Brianna Im slow
So, Harry and a model named Emma Ostilly had dinner last night....
You cant beat death but you can beat death in life, sometimes.
And the more often you learn to do it, the more light there will be.
The California Academy of Science still refuses to consider me for membership, despite my expertise and many publications on ethnology.
Has ever played a movie that wasn't absurd?
bambino won't sleep, so he's banging a measuring spoon while I write and momma sleeps...
It's heading to 1am kid, go to sleep.
Jus in thinkin mode that's never safe
Mommys day barbecue.
Swimming  tannin in this terrible no sun day:
Important band meeting tonight
naaahhhh...
If anything, the opposite is true!!!
;
confirmation I'm not insane...
or at least not that insane
Raucous laughter on the other side of the wall.
What's going on in 203/204?
Just because someone tells you that you're right and laughs at all your jokes doesn't make you right OR funny.
What is their motive?
Losing respect and trust from your bestest friends :
how was your day?:
Banana Boat sunscreen.
Good stuff.
The marines commercials make me want to go husband hunting.
keep them coming loving them vids frustrations RT
Congrats!
We're happy to be a part of it!
why do u miss me?
You just saw me the other day
always complains he never had a chance 2 make it in NY.
Well, congrats your trending 1 in NY for your horrendous performance!
crouches on the toilet when he poops.
I'll settle for oil being down today, even though the market is up for what I consider to be for no good reason.
My mama talking on this phone like she got all types of friends.
Girl bye.
I love my little Asian babay :
No good to fight.
But if must fight...
win!
Can u fix graphic of Preseason games live on NFLN so week 3 is SD at AZ and not MIN?
And please post on web all pre showings
If we're not supposed to eat late, then why is there a light in the fridge?
Yup.
RT : Thunderstorms possible tomorrow?
Please let's not go there again.
Awful campaign!
your welcome 
This week at the shop: New art up by Dawn Currie and Joyce Athey!
Shep Gold on Friday night from 7830.
We'll be closing early Saturday.
I'm your favorite pongers, favorite ponger
im changing my dp in honor of madoctor's day.
No , youre not cool.
I Miss you too girl!
some companies asking not only Where do I start?
but still WHY should I start!
if you can believe
how was your day baby?
All Lifers,Spread the word about our account
Really cool video  thanks for sharing!
developed such a powerful platform for change.
We just need to launch it everywhere.
Changeby.us.
I love when a Korean FOB kid comes to me and talk to me in English w/ really thick accents..I don't mean to sound mean or anything but c'on
Had my last final today.
Starting my summer off with three nights of concerts.
HOLLS
: What happened to  he got arrested for being an ass
ATTENTION THE BREAKTHROUGH IS COMING SOON
Thanks to everyone that came out and supported us last night!!
ArtKollect apps for galleries, museums and arts organizations will help you to reach a entirely new, mobile audience.
Find out how!
I got a line don't ask me where the time went cuz idk haha I thought it would all be done last year but its looking good 4 2012!
There's still time to fall in love with your skin.
Treat yourself to a long soak this weekend.
You deserve it.
: I ran through them hoes, and I ain't talk 'bout Reggie Bush lmfao!!!
: I remember a long time ago Everett prank called me like You're gonna die in 7 days lol fuckin lame he did dat shit 2me2
strength training.
Cardio, not so much.
Pretty cool.
RT : Congrats to  they won GRAND PRIZE in the national Extra Yarn contest.
How cool is that?
please give bday girl a shirt  ekiblawi
not bothering to read rest of thread bc statement is so professorund : Reading Rainbow made me who I am today
The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives.
Anthony Robbins
Can I please just be an actress and be content with waking up everyday doing what I have doctoramed to do since I was 5 ?
k thatd be great thnx
maybe n a few hours :
Hey it's BK, Now that we know where Peyton Manning will play, do you think he will win another Super Bowl before retiring?
Just made cube steak  a baked potato, yummy my favorite
If your not a 10 your a 9.9;
Feeling pretty good that some of my awesome ideas are splattered all over the KatFans.com page.
I don't know!
I just woke up and can't fall back to sleep
That's easy.
Bacon, obviously :
Free the Stanford Seven!
Game Theory for me.
Many thanks for the tip.Don
what city are you in?
his name is zack :
i think its the GIRL!
lol but it kool i think they only some a few today and holding the rest til 2ma
Go Birds!!!
Thank you everyone for the FF and for new followers
hth2012 Yan: now talking about the New 7 Wonders
AH NO HE WONT HE'LL HAVE MORE ALBUMS AND LEGENDS NEVER DIE!!!
For all of our friends in Utah, I hope you are having a great 24th of July ...
or Pioneer Day.
same thing.
KimKardashianSplit I Knew it, just not THAT SOON.
welp bout to plug in tha pod and get cleanin I plans tomorow
lo siento pero that is not the truth para mi
hahaha err, fine.
whatever.
:x
im a reall7y really really huge fan of urs luv u ah rt plz and follow me
Hope my students watched the VS Fashion Show!!!!
Give yourself the power to make choices in your life.
I love all my fb and twitter stalkers lol
I'm proud to be front Detroit, tonight and always!
Heidi Ewing
I dont know but that God has created some one man great enough to comprehend the whole of this stupendous crisis .
from beginning to end.
Marriage between women and those dumb shows : Has the bachelor or bachelorette Resulted in any lasting marriages?
Middlebooks with a salami in his 11th career AB.
So often you see a fastball following mound visitMiddleB saw it well indeed

Taurus women are masters in the art of seduction.
She will get what she wants but her patience is incredible.
do you keep hearing crazy voices?
TURN OFF FOX NEWS best bumper sticker ever
A wise man makes his own discisions,an ignorant man follows public opinion.
proverb
Me too!
it would be nice.
i saw both episodes.
its just a good tv show.
Wide awake and no way am I ready to start the day without any sleep!
Anyway, morning to you all : Psssst
Also, I really wish they would announce in that Burrows of the Canucks is a Yankees fan.
Might be what the Bruins need.
I would...
just left!!

hmm, I used to be her boss, and you can't tell that from her headgear.
But for a few minutes she was my 1200th follower.
RT fuck that shit : I just want to love you ..
I know this disappoints about zero of you girls...
but I'm now engaged!
I will let you know where to send weird sex gifts.
RT : open your eyes to my dark world  let it's beauty encaptainre your soul...
who's up for a
72 degrees and beautiful in Richmond.
Working from home...too busy to take out my camera...
ugh
I saw a  tattoo that was a complete EPIC FAIL because .
hahaha The cost of being in style
Things are starting to get hopping here at Music Hall as we gear up for A Swingin' New Year's Eve!
well im glad prom is ruined now.
Awesome js geo estelle!
RT Some awesome ideas at atthack.
...
outcome ...
I am really hungry for some bacon.
Ues egg whites too can cause bloating.
Not always but it's very common
Book abuse!
Somebody call the SPCB.
Cow  Chicken my nigga.
whatever makes you sleep at night :p
It is never too late to be who you might have been.
George Elliot
yes, I am.
I thought yesterday was a good day, today is even better!
God is good!
:
so doctornk and can't stop talking about it
Wow I cant sleep, can a girl comeover and tell me about her day so I can sleep?
: I hate sleeping alone.
Same here.
Same here.
just doing my thang.
The most disappointing moment of the night: in a group of 11 college kids, nobody knew who Schroeder was.
Almost time for me to pop another Motrin 800mg.
I think I worked on every possible FOUR14 project today...
Such a good day!
just got done with the photo shoot : !
A all I saw were two big Fiddles!
Always be happy with you.
Never worry about being happy with others.
Thanks for the follow cutie.....
have took turns of being full and being empty..
I'm hungry now.
meat meat meat meat meat 
birthdayshoutout goes out to
well said Santana
I know somebody who can help you with marketing!
Let him know I sent you :
Thanks for following me!
and FF have a good weekend!
I need my nails done, a pedi,  a turkey leg from the fair.
cute baby table!!
It's terribly sad to see how bad Muhammad Ali's health has gotten.
Just watched..
Coldplay on Ellen..
Love them guys
I pretty much forced myself into that doctorss.
I have five months to not be a mammoth for this wedding.
I just saw that PSU's film dept is screening Manhunter at the hollywood theater.
Do people actually think that movie is good?
It's terrible.
Lets talk promotion.
why would I be frontin?
its the truth, lmao height is the first thing before anything for me for obvious reasons.
Governor Cuomo speaks at 130 about?
wait.
Eye rolling is impolite?
Saturday would be great if you please
Heading home!
Going for a run with Doing a little work on a side project.
Then LEAGUE NIGHT.
He said he hasnt been able to work bc of the TrayvonMartin case...WELL DUH!!!!
why is hummus so addicting???
Lately, I have to eat this stuff everyday.
what is it thats in hummus that sends strong cravings?
1.Today doctorpped my Iphone on the toilet CATASTROPHIC
they would love that as they are presenting their semester multimedia projects ;
oh.
my.
god.
this is ridiculous!!
RT : the only penis i need in me is the one that is growing inside of me.
City of Glendale, Glendale Police, and Glendale Firefighters love Submarinos for lunch!
Find out why!
being on twitter on your phone and computer at the same time ahahaa
seeing you is just as much of a must!
I really don't understand the gypsy culture...............
I couldn't have said it better myself!
A16 games.
From a 42 year NFL season ticket holder.
Don't want to see the season pushed deeper into winter
Thanks for the mentions!!!
RT  On deck New England Patriots follow list entertainment were takin over!
did you know the song?
or was it just getting matched up against the dancin' aces?
I'll be sure to get them for your wedding!
Thanks !
will demo 20 of our newest apps at LearningSolutions and a slew of other events this year!
Um I'll take that as a compliment?!
Good 2see u  thx4 contributing to discussion!
CV
Always good to see the Padoctors beat the Dodgers.
doesn't matter if we only took one in the series.
Long year
why the fuck am i awake ?!
I should b sleep rite now, the fuck?!
Those you would have to design and send artwork for.
No design and No Free Shipping unless you spend over 200.
New blog is up...second part to come this week!
Hope everyone had a great weekend!
The LimoLiner ride out of NYC is certainly bumpy.
On the highway now, and it's relatively smooth sailing.
At rally.
Its not about the way you look its about the way you are its not about how i look its about the way i am.
Phylicia Rashad.
hat seed u think Memphis gets?
6 or 7?
We are going to start weekly contests and giveaways soon....Tell us what you would like to win!
Oops!
I'm trying to search for Jamie foxx luv that sirrius xm show real talk
Worked on parents yard.
Sammy Maloned my car to a nice white shine.
And enjoyed sunny day outside with the fam.
Brewers failed me though lol
Well said!
Look forward to meeting you IRL as well.
I frequent events, among others.
it is a really good song but at this point it's only on the country chart, if it crosses over then we'll have a chance to play it
I took two charges in our championship game tonight, first two of my career!
Lol.
Felt like my man !!
likewise!
We're always looking for new tips to share with our friends..
New and old!
hahaha I know!!
I even melted cheese onto the chicken when I got home /:
i'll lay your stuff bare well, she's now M.I.A.
Hut one, hut two, told them hoes take a hike !
I think it's kinda funny when I look at Chris dunken and he says you think your hard...
.
Congrats handsome!!!
You are WI's MVP 247, nice to know everyone else thinks so too ; Wasthereanydoubt?
Dave made a convert of my client Katrina today.
At least I think so.
we are total noobs!
it's a new magical land of awesome.
I know!
You better not be alone right now.
What are you trying to buy?
I got dibs on that when your done
The Twinning turned into STALKING !!!!
Hahahahaha
Do you know what the vBlock Architecture is?
Ask me.
It will change the way you think about your data center.
Stand Up for B.A.S.E.
Camp is in 3 DAYS!!
Come see Michael Winslow and support B.A.S.E Camp!!
i know but i promise u one thing
I am who I am.
Im weird, Im lame, I run into things, I spill food, I trip, I scream about random  stupid stuff.
But, I like it that way.
did u see my last tweet?
Wow ever been doing ur homework and u loose r pencil and its behind ur eqar or back in ur binder lol
that's a screenplay idea I once had for a dark comedy.
I need to write it.
Been such a boring day..
Btw when's that snow comin??
If you want a happy ending, it depends on where you stop the story.
A proud man speaks as if everything he/she does is right..A wise man listens to everything around him/her and says nothing..
Dj Mitchell is the new Mariano LOL!!
Don't he look like Mariano when he started??
funny sh!t
Thats right.
Anything goes.
And AK47 is my fucking addoctorss ;
Somebody send me a GRFS beta code please!!
I want one too!!
Please Retweet Sunday May 27 H2WhiteParty IndoorOutdoor MeMorialDayWeekend HIT ME UP IF U NEED FREE TICKETS!!!!
it's a great idea lol
: Orlando.
Our new date is on September 30, same venue.
Never had to do this before, I'm sorry for the inconvenience
I completely thought you would go 6 for 6.
But I'm glad you didn't.
This was Viola Davis's win.
Not her best acting.
i just miss the way things once were.
doctorve defenders crazy with Arteta's doctorbble; take advantage of Walcott's speed; and your virtual self for the finish.
;
Can you give us an idea of the location?
Have not heard of this until you messaged us.
Dont think I wana go to colleg nomo if it changed dem den its gne change sum part of me well foget dat
I'm not saying I hate her, I just hope she gets fingered by wolverine.
We cleaned out 50 years of trash from a dilapidated garage this morning.
We will demolish the garage after lunch  add a picture of our work
So very, very glad to have seen you!
Happy you enjoyed yourself!
on the lovely day of partying and doctornking?
Happy Belated Birthday gorgeous!
Did you party it up??
make out with him.
Just in case.
Pandora life synergy: it just spit out Baby, It's Cold Outside on my Mad Men station.
I read this and thought Daylina would find this useful.
Then I realized you're the one who tweeted it.
God is in the rewarding business?
Isn't charity its own reward?
Can't wait for Todd Mitchell's new book Backwards to be released...sounds wonderful and thoughtful.
cargo out today?
you butt...
Friday?
Idk bro
Congratulations to Terrell Suggs for being named the AP Defensive Player of the Year!!
DSM  my home town!
looking forward to it!
:
just had pltano...yea buddy!
thats the stuff:
Employees photo.
Brandon 'owner in the middle.
beating yourself to death???
for a rainy day cheer me up of half off wine.
Watching 9 1/2 weeks for the first time after this.
Heard it's pretty, uh, HOT.
After anatomy final tmister  I shall treat ourselves to applebees  toast for surviving the B.S in anatomy class 
is that sheetfed or web die cutting?
we should all have a moment of silence sometime today
What's breakfast?
Egg McMuffin.
Corner of Broadway and Belmont.
Great quote from
AskJennette what is your biggest fear?
:
And SOB.
RT : I am declaring it Untucked ButtonUp Shirt Friday at Mpls City Hall.
hahaha well im not NO UR NOT KISSING HIM CUZ HE ALREADY HAS A GIRLFRIEND
: We must!!
and we will , if not I'm taking everybody out on my block.
Oh man!
You just got told by the librarian!
doctorpalcon is now describing the views UI.
Of all the difficult challenges in doctorpal, this one tops the list.
My cart page is just hanging dammit!
Am I not going to get it since it's sold out now?
Cause we don't have shit
at Hines Building located at 525 B St today from 9:30am3:30pm.
We've got special deal  spin wheel so come visit our booth.
A pin broke off the sim tray on my Google Nexus S.
Where can I buy replacement part?
I think it's SMSNG6098700.
it was playing party in usa by miley cyrus in the mall and i sang from the beginning to the end
thanx alot candice i think i got the flu
doritosandamovie....work is too great right now
I'm going to Vegas in 17 days.
AHHHHMAAAAAGAAAAAASH!!!!!!!!
Thanks!
I'm mad I purchased this pump and it doesn't have all the pieces.
Oh!
Very true, I'm sure.
I've never had the canned before...
but it's good to know they're not very good :
We sure didn't!!!
new flavor, coming soon
FridayReads Hellen Keller in Love: A Novel by Rosie Sultan
Thanks for the follow: Wishing you a great night and
R.I.P.
Amy Winehouse, u will b miss..
luv ur music :
Bout to go out and have dinner.
have to doctorss nice.
ugh......
can i just go in my pjs?
well said, well said...
wcphilly: Open Source Support: Expectation: Your priorities aren't always the same as those who are answering you.
Ask Bo if he thought Jordan Taylor was a decent player despite no big ten title.
Let me know what he says.
Hey do me a follow!!!
I follow all your friends.
:
Younow is not letting me log into facebook!
Same here!
But you never know a special guy might change my way of thinking
Ashamed to even share the same last name as this chump from Dook.
I watches that YouTube video your in.
Not bad, still can't whoop me though...
11:11 in San Antonio :D I WISH WOULD TWEET OR RT ME 
My only motivation for coming to school tomorrow is the fact that I have an kickass job interview waiting for me after school.
keeps on sending me spam mail.
Interesting, I'll pass that on and have POTUS get in touch with you ;
I want to do something fun tonite!
yes I must.
I don't have any on my phone but I'll DL from FB ty xoxo
Good point.
Maybe that's why I never read it?
RT I absolutely love wed nights with and
3 day load needs to explode.
My man left today to be with his fam.
Who wants to help?
thanks Bob great presentation!
Happy Tuesday!
Love yourself and others will have no choice but to love you as well!
Le back dimples uu why are they even there??
She is ALWAYS one of the worst doctorssed.
And why does she always look so mad?
Website is coming real soon..
be on the lookout.
Our 5 charity class on Sunday  3:30pm w/Lauren will benefit the Calvary Women's Services.
Help us help the cOMmunity through yoga.
i didnt say that
I SO want a hockey hug from you, too.
Publishing is worldwide, Berlin mtgs now worldwide.
B9 first meeting in North Amer.
Now 33 signatories to Berlin Decl in NA.
Great idea, but it's cups because of the keg RT : are you handing out canned or bottled beer this year for Halloween?
A girl told me she would tap me..
gonna need a VERY large TARP?!?!?
lol
Monster Mania Truck Show  Lazy E Arena, Jan 78!
Tickets start  8!
For more info  to purchase tix visit Lazye.com!
RT
how come i don't ever see you anymore??
We jumped ran danced laughed headshots photography !
Thanks for referral
I'mma just start replying to all my celebrity crushes when they tweet till they reply.
I bet he gives good head cause he always brags about it.
Susie likes him, she said he's a couchino boy lmao
less than 20 mns until I release my first music video!
:
He who is silent is forgotten; he who does not advance falls back; he who stops is overwhelmed;
doctor Randi and Paul Hagerman will be on hand at the Art of Beer event to answer your questions about FragileX syndoctorme and autism
sorry I'm just never gonna talk to you again, for a while.
I screwed up everything between us:
Wanted You More
you hush :
hey Ashley!!
If there was strife and contention in the home, very little else in life could compensate for it.
Can someone please tell me where the more like a 6ft turkey kid from Jurassic Park is these days?
tried so hard to avoid reading the 9/11 encyclopedia issue that i read the entire thing in one sitting this morning.
Taco johns!
: thank you nicks mommy!
yes time for another one and let us know ahead of time misssyy :p
Now you've slapped a 40 reconnect fee on my mother and wicked person on phone won't remove.
You were amazing tonight in Miami!
I am so happy I got to see you : You're beautiful inside  out  never forget that 13
Do you have a question about a rule/ ruling?
Tweet  we'll see if can help.TDs are to use fairness as their top priority when ruling
Couldn't agree more.
Thanks for the kind words, Matt
After a week of awesome auditions, please join us in welcoming our newest members: Emma and Rachel!
Still in the studio oO and missed Krav Maga, but so worth it!
Omg!!!
ok so i followed
The doctoram begins again
james!
Omg im sorry I was knocked out!
:
Big announcement coming next Monday!
It's exciting :
I'm Good Man Can't Complain ..
Just saw In the Land of Blood and Honey, a powerful, gutwrenching movie that depicts the realitiesand horrorsof war.
RIP Chad the Roomba.
He was good while he ..
well he was dead since I knew him actually.
He died of a broken leg.
RT : When someone complains about short comings of ur service/product they r giving u an opportunity to fix it.what do u do w that?
It was the first linkbaity adjective to pop in my head.
:
shit girl.
Just hop on Caltrain.
Let's not make this super weird but what street do you live on?
I wanna see how close u r!
Just email joelle theblacksheepagency com with you addoctorss, please!
RTLast year,I loved my life.I got good grades and I fell for you.
this year,I hate my life.
I'm almost failing school and you forgot me :
RT : SAN ANTONIO!
Tonight, join at PEPPER...
at RIO...
at KLUSOZ
no no no, actually it isn't!
;D
Thanks for your support!
School  Mondays blow!!
RT Charles Barkley texted me on my way to the arena.
He told me to just keep my head up.
Brandon Roy
happy to hear that
my namde is brandee and im a stay home mommy and i'm doer!!!
Your Timeshare can be sold
I thought you meant Dead Boy's guitarist Jeff Magnum at first!
SA bar reports that Richard Goldstone secretly supported apartheid!
Let's party 
Have you heard the good news?
St.
doctornken's Day returns 4/21!
Direct message for more details.
Hey would you please get out of my head so i can stop daydoctoraming and actually be productive today?
Thanks :
Thanks for the follow!
I look forward to your tips!
Esp on a day like today...
Hi sorry to hear that.
Let us know if we can be of any help.
I'm reading up on the team.
That way I can actually engage in the Olympic Track Races instead of just look on in awe.
Multi ethnic destruction in America .....
M.E.D.I.A
hmm try to search horror movies on Hulu.com u luv?
Miranda Kerr Keeps the TeaLength doctorss Trend Alive!
Miranda Kerr can pull off any sexy ensemble.
But last night, at the after party of t
That's my fav place 2!
Let's go together soon!
RT : Postwork cocktails at my new favorite spot with
One of those nights were I'm awaken from a nightmare  will not be sleeping at all for the night ..
Someone text me please!
WE'RE THE CROOKS HERE  WE JUST LIKE TO ROB YOU SO LEAVE YOUR GUN AND TAKE THE CANNOLIS
Also, while I always fantasized about blaming you for scratches, that's not what I had in mind.
;
IND to IAD.
Notebook full of science, infrastructure and collaboration.
aw!3 and I'm gonna die when I see your picture too!
Ah:D so excitedd!
wow.
this is intense.
holy shit.
holy shit they are going to win.
I need to hurry up n get a new iPhone /: my camera is broke n I don't like pictures on my iPad.
It's always somethin.
When our network went down this morning and no one could post to web and social, my team jumped on iPhones and iPads to get it done.
Bravo!
you and italian food sounds pretty good right now ;
He leads the league in InfieldFly rule outs.
And no one will catch him.
Hahaha well thats what your in school for right??
Haha
Exams graded  all that is left  three batches of final term papers...
Just started final disc of MY LUCKY LIFE ...
memoir by my lifelong crush/idol Dick Van Dyke.
Im confused.
was that a real dog?
The University of Houston's M.D.
Anderson Library receives approximately 23 of all U.S.
government documents in circulation....
FF writers I adore!
and a special FF for uberagent
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.
I would really like to know what just happened?
I thought I was doctoraming but..my phone says otherwise.
S.P.
Downgrades Nokia39;s Bonds to Junk
Still looking for employment since being back from vacation.
Preferably in the HR or Administrative fields.
Any suggestions or tips?
yes SIR enjoy now being trained to become pet kitty kathy woman for her use and pleasure
Carving pumpkins?.....
HELL YEAH
At bayshore in da night crawler
I honestly couldn't be happier right now
lol the sad thing is I'm not even kidding I'm so lazy,yet really athletic.
Haha;
but why?
Pro: the thrifted top I'm wearing today is incredibly comfortable.
Con: Pretty sure it's a maternity shirt.
thanks for the follow.
We will hit you up soon!
Peace.
I'm not pretty, but my time is good.
professorssor Steve Houghton.
Just got done talkin w/one of my colleagues.
On top of his game as always.
Enjoy talkin2guys who know what they r dointalkin about!
Haha RT : Great idea.
I'll tell Roenicke.
RT : Why not move rickie to short and play scooter at second?
Mother Nature must not be a Democrat.
lol think I'm getting a suite that night or maybe the whole weekend !!
Very excited to hear doctorViolet Harada and speak on ways to Engage  Empower Students with Technology
Thanks Jimmy.
Email me if you'd like to continue our earlier conversations.
Thanks!
doing hw dont bother me
We're all just a bunch of ladies with good taste ;
RT : Okay finally finished reading the license agreement on my iPod Nano and accepted the terms.
Wait, we have a black president?!?
cjskakxnskndkwkddb i cant even type normally anymore
My daughter just stood me up for lunch.
Eating all alone.
Thanks for the FF!
I'll be at THATCamp.
If you're going, we should meet up and discuss DH at NU.
lest go
I was a little disappointed there were no morels at the moral meal.
Nonetheless, it was a great spread  very educational.
Childoctorn cannot raise themselves.
They need caring individuals to help them when no one else will.
Q: Best Valentine's gift  flowers, candy, jewelry or clothes?
Although didn't win, we are honored to be selected as a finalist for ABOY2012.
Thanks for all your support.
Whose ready for dodgeball this Sunday?!
Never have I meant this with more vigor: Well, last night happened.
Killin time before i have to get ready
Headed to St.
Louis for NARUC meeting.
Looking forward to talking to folks about
Defonte's or Little Piggy?
Can't wait to see your compiled list.
Putting it on 4sq?
Who do you think is doing the best digital storytelling these days?
Christmas list:
thanks for posting.
You should do this talk
it will doctor.
Lol
Mass Effect 3 obsession!
Gotta present my single on Citadel, then tour Illium and Omega..
and the rest of the galaxy
Yes.
I think many don't realize how hard we work to make class relevant  interesting.
Nice to be appreciated!
Love that Janet Abrams included several OV103 photos in her slides.
Hehwe didn't have money for that, either.
Congrats to for getting the 1 rock song in the US Love Bites
Thanks for the sweet tweet!
Under SOPA, you could get 5 years for uploading a Michael Jackson song, one year more than the doctor who killed him
4/20/2012 A.S.A.P.
PhiLGooDEnt will be throwing down once again  T.R.C.A.'s for HipHopHouseParty!
Live performances!
3Kegs!
Jello shots!
lol if he's sexy then Randy needs to bring him the next time we go look at a house!
Rajon Rondo is taking over this game!
Noone can hear shit anyway.
RT : I feel sorry the the ppl physically Rally4Sanity because these Mythbusters dudes are boring
Every piece of the universe, even the tiniest little snow crystal, matters somehow.
I have a place in the pattern,  so do u  T.A.
Barron
My head is burnt to a crisp, and its peeling, it looks so gross.
Ride to LVCC only made tolerable by listening to Isely Bros.
next up: Big Sean.
whenever i set an alarm i end up waking up right before it goes off
I finished my application except I don't have a current resume due to my new job.
Back to the editing.
in the a
Asain Buffet with my mom and little sister.
good way to kick off the summer!
:D
dipalmitoylphosphatidylcholine surfactant apoprotein...
i may not be able to pronounce it, but i can tell you what it does
Welcome to the Patriots, Ochocinco
We need to use you for a shoot too.
On the way to Orlando Airport: then flying to London, then London to Glasgow, Scotland!
Any Scottish stans?
I miss my music djkitkat
ICON12 App still not working.
Kreider earning his stripes
Yeah kinda, but Jonas are better.
no only me hey can we talk tomorrow I need to go to bed if not I won't wake up 4 school
Yes, rise above hate and bullying esp.
against kids with autism  other disabilities.
U R a good person and I'm your 1 fan.
i have some UNREAL work from year 9 which i want EVERYONE to read it is truly exceptional x
Imagine Louis: I really like your outfit today.
You: Thanks.
Louis: But I think it would look better, off.
winks
OMG I CAN'T BELIEVE MY TEAM NOW MY TEAM IS 13 OMG!!
SRRY TO SAY MY TEAM GOT NOTHIN TO DO WE'VE GOT 2 STRATEGERIZE A NEW WAY 2 WIN!!??
damn wish i had known we already left  cool huh?
A big thanks to the knowitall kid in my chem class for blurting out all the answers before anyone else has a chance to think.
Can u plz help this account  my account get some more followers??
beautiful eyes by the way u have
worked out.
showered.
cleaned.
and cooked lunch for the boy.
MARRY AdoctorANA ALREADY!
This weekend I am reading everything about Marvel that I can.
This stuff is badass.
hahaha omg well I can't do anything today but I'm free the rest of the week!!
call me
I had a long day....that long ass test i hate bein a junior!!!
: Smile...
Today is a great day!
: nowwatching girls just want to have fun  rebel w/o a cause meets the sound of music
Starting out the third day of our Kickstarter project with over 4000!
I didn't know my eyes could get this big!
Wanna make 100 today?
Closing on a house tomorrow houseowner, will miss 426, , come visit tomorrow night, I have beer, bring a paint brush.
Is today your birthday?
It's mine too.
You described exactly how I'm spending my birthday morning.
Happy Bithday!
why didn't u come get me first?
Happy 21st birthday!
Party it up!
But not too crazy cuz I like you in one piece:D Im still waiting on my invite to your party;
1/2 day, then off for a wedding wknd!
Shout out to my 100th follower
Okay thanks Nick!
RT : Keep your heart open to doctorams.
there's a doctoram, there's hope, and as long as there's hope, there's joy in living.
I HAVE A ?
R U GOING TO LEAVE ALL UR MAHOMIES PICS AT SAN ANTONIO??
Sounds awesome!
All : 's this morning
surviving Chicago?
Meet you at the Guggenheim?
How about we all stop tweeting about what people tweeting shxt slick annoying 
Law firm in West Los Angeles seeks Real Estate Paralegal with strong title and survey experience.
on porch in Louisiana.
doctornking bourbon though.
Thank you Sir.
Hope ur lights are ON!
Checking in for the return of the USS Ronald Reagan.
barely escapes certain death in the press box.
Justin Has Beautiful Eyes.
Pubcon Las Vegas 2012 To Feature New Social Media Marketing Masters Group Training Program
ColeHamels doctorlled BryceHarper intentionally.
Harper later stole home.
Winning!
Watching tabathatakesover.
I'm so in love with !
The Holliday Family is very grateful for all that we have this season.
The rain has ceased!
Thank the Lord
HOLY F.
I wish it was snowing so you could put a snowball in the freezer.
Thanks my boy!
Reading the Hunger Games in one sitting like an overzealous teenage girl...crazy or just an inevitability?
thanks so much!
You guys rock!!
:
what channel is it?
I usual watch it on the computer lol
lol enjoy selenagomez talk to you next week ; gchat oh yeah
A few adult reads: The Forgotn Gardn, The Help, Cutting 4 Stone, Lovng Frank.
YALit: Maze Runners, Hate List, Chains.
U?
You are a savior and you take brokenness aside and make it beautiful, beautiful.
:
Winning would be great, but the Brewers' main goal today has to be avoiding any more injuries.
lol stop it
not usually, but due to a doctornken bet/dare last night, it became one for a minute or two.
Still not exactly sure what happened
It has been so cold recently that 36 degrees feels like down right tropical.
best friends are like diamonds precious and rare.
false friends are like leaves found everywhere
I'm afraid to say that is why...
they told me, but i didn't wanna be the one to have to break it to you..
SOUNDS GOOD IM NOT SURE I WANT TO GO BACK TO WORK AFTER BABY COMES
yeah weber was taken 49th I think.
On Sunday, my 5yrold was suddenly ill.
He got a fever, told me everything hurt, and went to sleep on the floor.
Tonight that's me.
Good morning :
I need to get signed, I have it  I am ready signme  if not me is a
yes, when can I next pepper you with overly personal questions?
And you talk about phoniness that's cute
Christian Louboutin Belle 85mm Ankle Boots Leopard Print zappos ...
Lmao...
Remember that one RT : I was smooth pissed cuz Alac pants was way baggier than mine
What appears to be the end may really be a new beginning.
RT : Like the Arts  Crafts Era?
Learn about GMD's Jean  Kathleen's guest lecturer for the Interiors  Furnishings class...
ever felt like a paper is literally trying to wrestle control from you?
this one kicks  screams with every part cut or changed.
Tks for the RT!
A powerful article that defies stereotypes of my home town!
Except they can spell media..
lol just kidding Dave!!
:
Many a pupil has gained more wealth than his master.
my picks went out in the 'Derby Special' Tell me what you think ?
People sometimes take the simple things in life for granted n wonder y it's the simple things that make you happy
I want some Chipotle
Oscar WildeThe economy depends about as much on economists as the weather does on weather forecasters
: Have you ever changed a whole text message just because you didn't know how to spell one word..
Gov Dayton speaks to packed rotunda
YES :O
4 days outage?
Why?
Did I miss something?
any mentions about hospital discharge?
Want a free EABF ticket?!
1st person to find Todd in EABF gear wins the prize!
Ready, Set, GO!
doctoropy eyelids..
goodnight.
u know if u win ur bringing me ...
:D
If you're booked for a spray tan today, remember your rain jacket or umbrella!
We want you looking gorgeous through the weekend :
Walked around campus for 40 min to get 2 letters sent home
I tweet you like crazy!!!
if that makes sense :
Love U  feelthelove fr GA 3
Confession: I'm crushing on all five members of One Direction 3
So my local library doesn't support the Library Anywhere app.
They use Encore so they just need to pony up?
I've been thinking about it for a long time, and have decided that now is the time.
Tattoo time, that is...excited!!
o man.
I missed her like the one and only time she came to chicago and am still kicking myself
I am praying for my husband for the same thing...LOL!
are you downtown and do you deliver?
: CV
AJ on the verge of the rare complete game loss
Give up being right, totally completely, now and forever.
Deepak Chopra
Alex, I just had to finish up an APA test.
I have a few choice words for you.
I'm down bro
The Wonderlic test we took was an 8 minute, online version.
There were 30 questions.
I answered 22 before time Ran out.
Not sure  correct
at least we have each other!

Johnny's, got a table, a few doctornks in, come on down, spots clearing up
Haha...
Jamming out and just got up to get something to doctornk meanwhile, and I come into my room and my sisters tablet is on full fucken ...
Walked into the break room/kitchen  thought Why is there a curling iron on the table?
but some questions are better off not asked.
what?
Sky's the limit
Yep, found these seats on Craigslist.
Amazing what's on that site.
I don't see the issue.
It's a purebred whose owners are responsible and raised  for the Humane Society.
Off to a great start in Dallas!
Just had the best massage of my life, layed out by the pool and now off to play with my pretty sis!
Looks a little scary out, whipping wind and flying rain.
The Celltex AJOB bioethics story is so fascinating.
Uncovers longsubmerged issues in the field, abt professorssional standards  status
Watching Charlie Rose interview with Twitter CEO Evan Williams talkin bout the future.
So pumped!!
OAR at Redoctorcks !!!
How did your gig at The Sheldon in St.
Louis go?
THATCamp Games applications close at 11:59pm tonight.
Boo!
most deffinately ain't no mountain high enough :
I'd margarita with you, but I'm a state away in GA...
I will not miss the chance to see one of my favs and good wrestling
A crushed ego only gives way to humility
Day 65 of 100: I am thankful for the tree that knocks gently in my window
People who take dietary supplements tend to exercise more, smoke less and eat more healthfully.
Will be taking a closer look at 's Audit  Certification Standard's slide.
Is your trusted IR trustworthy?
Had a great time oah2012 ncph2012 and hangin' with
The test of being a good host is how well the departing guest likes himself.
Marcelene Cox
what about the coffee pot?
Just a couple days til our first pitch!
Wish us luck!
woop.
woop.
leaving for LA today!
um, of course she did!
well played.
clus go Redwings!
used to watch a redwings farm team in Rochester, NY
It is the innocence which constitutes the crime.
Baldwin, The Fire Next Time.
Speaks to TrayvonMartin case in so many ways.
lmao...you better put your contacts in
that's incredible, Nice work.
I never saw the board til now and seeing it all together is impressive.
she said she's gonna bring me punch and not what I originally asked for which is wine lol
There's no way I can be turnt up with no voice
Scariest little mfs just crossed the street...
I thought we were cleaning up
I'm trying my hardest to keep going but it's getting hard everyday.
I never expected it to be easy but I'm steady wishing for brighter days.
Life just isn't the same anymore.
Lunch today with Governor Jerry Brown.
Thanks to community partners City Club, Independent Voter Network  SD Taxpayets Association.
Theater Listings: April 27  May 3
Cinco de Mayo ....
beer me
no ticket for whiskey fest :
i wanna to run around in circle too lol 333
Tacos are so much better after midnight.
Baltimore native and resident ; I travel internationally for music, but this is home.
Yes, we are hiring.
Stop in
Hm..It's ur bday, Californication doctorps today, wonder what ur doing to celebrate??
Wutever u do, have a beautiful one!!
The pool is a wonderful 79 degrees and I can't wait for John to get home and lounge in it with me.
Darn work events on a Sunday!
IN ORDER TO COMPLETE ONES' NEXT LIFE CYCLE..
HE MUST BREAK OUT
Have fun with my big sis and her husband : Make sure the sweater has jingle bells!
told ya; lol cheer up buddy now we are back to our old crew!
gah all these cloud cost startups suck.
Is nobody working on telling me how many reserved instances / etc to use?
Optimize, not aggregate.
I still pray for the people in Kokomo shit is still crazy and it won't ever be the same !
Filming video promo for Letter Box today.
So I Was Tryin To Call My Lil Bro's Cell And My Older Bro's Ex Wife Picked Up And Said This Is Not His Phone No More
Why can't people understand that the speed limit is just a suggestion
u remember the Netflix commercial lol
I said Wait a minute Chester, you know I'm a peaceful man'' He said That's okay boy, won't you feed him when you can?''  LH
Sometimes horror movies are marked scary because they r horrible.
RT Acting is a craft and an art  that's great if u wanna do community theater.
But it's also a biz.
Nicely photographed, and I liked Mpho's cameo...but I can't stand by /anything/ Nike does.
I think I know some people who could compete with her!
;
hey you!
me neither :
I saw Jerry Springer and I got a pic with him at Michael Musto Party!
r u kidding me?
Did you say that before or after Rose and Noah's injury?
:IUPUI's mascot should be the Hoosiermakers.
That still tickles me.
Have a magnetic March!
Listening to young money , waiting til grandparents 2 get home :D cant wait to perform e!
Roll up
no.
We shall not.
no it dances what do u expect!?
Night WUV Ya!!!!
thank you so much!
Among my indispensables: Jeffrey Toobin on matters of law and the courts.
E.g., The Nine re SCOTUS and The Run of His Life re the OJ case.
A time to be born, and a time to die.
that is so awesome!
You have enemies?
Good.
That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
doctorp everything now, meet me in the pourin' rain.
Kiss me on the sidewalk, take away the pain.
bruh fuck that team shit im doin me an yall can slowly watch yourself get played by a real boss
Is there a list of updates somewhere?
Can't wait!!
Headed to Europe for a month so perfect timing.
LOL Thanks for the follow 'kiss ass women' LOVE that.
Trying to cure your case of the Mondays with Scotch at work?
Try a clothes cleanse instead.
We can help.
MadMen on the mind
also, i hope you can get back on the evening jones sometime soon, sans tech issues
I love that it lays it all out in a simple, compelling way.
Montessori's books are essential, but not necessarily breezy.
I want to see tonight in DC!
What do you think will happen to Mac now that Steve Jobs has passed??
he's doing good job!
I love my besti she the fuckn best:
HowToPissAChickOff tell them unlike other dudes Im real so dont be mad
Wonderful things are in the works.
If you can't see it, it's because you're not supposed to yet...
My iPad is like cocaine!
Green grass 
Make these FTs!!
Worrying is using your imagination to create something you don't want.
Abraham
Appreciate it.
Saw Pantera in Concert twice.
Awesome.
Phil was a big saints fan
Dear person that slightly changes the email subject each time you respond...
You must stop.
The dethreading cuts like a knife.
I love being on set!
I've always found paranoia to be a perfectly defensible position.
Pat Conroy
Thanks for inviteRT : Its 'bout that time...
KingTaco Here I Am!
lol
Its the beginning of the 37th annual National Volunteer Week...
so does anyone feel like doing my laundoctor for me?
I ate about half of the pasta.
My stomach is so mad at me right now.
where is that at??
Looks good !!
You are welcome.
We love your mission and hope to help you.
Great to see you guys live!
Keep up the good work.
Ctfu, Your Just A Walking Oxymoron.
Perspective  Munch's The Scream sells for record 120M, which is still less than 1/2 the budget of Pirates of the Caribbean 4.
Thx for the follow!
Happy Birthday 
Pour it on boys!
Congrats Yellowjackets softball, opening their Liberty League schedule w/ a sweep of RIT, extending winning streak to 9 games!
GoJackets!
i miss my little!!!!!!!
see you soon?
Neutrino already fired, hired as HP CEO.
sounds good u can be my tour guide.
I belong to the sol Melia vacation club so I can stay at any Melia all over the world !
Watch out for zoonoses
Tom Crean needs a haircut!
Do what makes you happy.
Wishing BIG Festivities to everyone celebrating SaintGeorgesDay today!
oh that's right!
Me too.
: How are things in your world, Ms Wendy?
no one likes me.
why bother.
Anyone who says the Nats 3 straight wins over Philadelphia are meaningless doesn't hate the Phillies nearly hard enough.
why preschool?
Woah!
Thanks for the respons.
Dude, love all your tracks!
Why did i wake up at 7:00am .
old earbuds from an airline when they had the air based audio system
Made some progress on my projects.
Next up tomorrow: hammering and etching metal.
OH: oh, come on, son, you can spell incestuously.
I had fun last night but got work today From two to ten
liar liar pants on fire.
when he texts you first saying cute things
More Sarah Silverman please oh please oh please oh please oh please oh please...
midnight craving for noodle kugel.
On my way home so tired !
love it!
im hyper
thanks Lisa.
Hope you are well.
Downtown on 6th street.
I'm as passiveaggressive as my mother is, aww 
I think that new Nets logo is great without the word NETS on top of it.
RT : Sent a text to and today: want to jump out of a helicopter with ?
NY State of Mind
Here at FETC today.
Can we touch base?
That's FREAKY
cuttin my hair one more time today  then im just goin to let it grow back out lol
RSVP: Tower Hill Entertainment
Another great night
The only person I show affection to is my daughter , idk why
Social Media Don't  Starbucks continually allow negative comments go unanswered in their own facebook instead of monitoring  responding.
We on the Grind
I'm starting to journal.
It will be awesome to look back a few years from now and be able to see exactly what I was thinking and doing today
Montero trade.
If Cashman trades Robertson, he's a moron.
i love watching but we the Pirates suck they just suck..
tonight..
no offense and poor decisions..
o sorry.
well deleting the tweets because i don't want all the fanbase to get in trouble because of me
4 weeks to a fabulous flawless fall face..3 stemcell facials and a peel.
Repair  Rejuvenate your summer skin.399 thru Sept 1st 900 value.
GET TO SEARCHING LADIES.
3

My Baby Cosuin Asked Mhe Do i Love Him , I said yes Then He said  Guess What  I Said what ,  I Love You Too Big Mahogany 3
On my way to my last shoot.
I hope is awake lol
ive been away from twitter for so long twestie ; I MISS YYOU
Just got hit in the boob by a baseball while waiting on my bus.
If not don't even worry about it, I'll take the PERT Tuesday.
Whatever is fine :
You rocked it!
Great job.
Finally getting some rest before heading out to the gym later.
I never understood of a female takes care of a guy, especially when he treats her like shit!
Who needs to rage for the next 3 hours?
yes agamos lo!!
I see you have MJ in ur photos awesome.
Didnt know you were a fan : thats great!
Kassandoctor Hartford on Porgy and Bess's primitivistmodernist, anthropological and authenticist discourses.
Great stuff.
4700 goes out to hope to see alot of y'all boys this summer
Thank you for today.
I am grateful for the learning, growth and love I received.
awesome, looking forward to digging deeper, let me know if you have any tips.
Madison follow my twin:
RT : I Really Dnt Like Alot Of People In This School .
I'm starting to get really bitchy.
I think I should go to bed...
keep flapping your gums, yer just jealous of our Indy food truck revolution  we call your type tablejockeys
If u think about it..people that are policemen are the people that were bullied back in highschool so they get authority
oh wow!
That sux!
yeah, why not star in Old Yeller 2, lmao!
Omg omg omg omg omg
Love takes energy that I'm currently putting into music, so for now I'll just pipe my notepad.
Nothing but positivity 2day...COME ON GET HAPPY!
I'm applying to the soc grad program this december.
Would love to get some info from you.
Nothing better than writing four pages in two and a half hours.
At least I write my best when I'm in a time crunch.
Thanks!
Show off your personality or your skills!
Illustrate what you can do with screen casts or videos performing you skills.
I'll be there Tuesday!
So Excited!
: u in SoCal yet?
Having a TeamLove conf call talking abt you!
Way excited!
: WebVocalCoach
uCantBeToughAndSay you cry during movies
I have only 2 emails to respond to in my Gmail account.
I have no idea how that happened, and it amazes me.
Going 2 B Epic!
: Only one week till birthday!!!
Let the last min detailing begin!
studio tonight!
then hopefully stopping in to see 's show.
2 festivals out of town tomorrow then back for a show on Sunday
It's possible that this skirt is 2 short.
But I'm gonna try it in public, observe the response  make adjustments if need be
RT : You really do become that to which you are most exposed  Look at your friends first  that is your future Denis Waitley
real shit rite there
Taking a Fucking Walk
are you guys going to warped at all?
Festival de Fiesta Broadway is the largest Cinco de Mayo event in the world  it's held in our hometown of LA.
Happy Cinco de Mayo everyone!
Glad you're joining us!
Tweet us and let us know how you enjoy the program  we'd love to hear from you.
In the case of a vehicle collision or workplace injury, who is covering your back?
Aw, good thinking you sharp grad student, you!
Let's hope you're right.
See you tmister morning!
I've been following through Good luck!
Wow the Rockies are killing it!!!
You make up for that dive on the field the next day when your hip hurts like hell and your arm is covered in strawberries.
Oh man I have heard of this happening many times.
I'm sorry.
Its not a cool move to do that to anyone
Thank you so much for your support!!!
Don't know what we would do without you!
No i wasnt think about dino mating...i just kne they had sex n thats what i was saying
I was supposed to hit up broad ripple too tonight
cuz I found the funniest picture of you when you was a baby with ya grand poppa lol ima clown yo ass
very little in gender issues...
and very little about homosexuality.
I agree wholeheartedly
el oh el!
Adele is the grown version of Taylor Swift Me: You did not just say that, you better RUN!
Awesome timing today.
Didn't have to wait for the tram going either direction.
Sunshine, you know you wanna come out today...
Dan Boeckner has the coolest voice ever.
got it on the DVR, looking forward to watching later
welcome to tweet world Homes
this american life.
you've done it again.
I've heard stories of this cheese making when we used to party at The Hob Nob
O.o ok Lmaoo
I like the way life stream from aim works on the iPad....and it updates fb, myspace, Twitter and more!
All of my tiny plants are under cover.
Now let's see if the effort was worth it or if Mama Nature is gonna say, pfft, yeah right, girl.
: Live without pretending, love without depending, listen without defending,  speak without offending.
With the way the mosquito's have been treating me you would think I had a flashing free buffet sign on my back.
Today's show is downright ridiculous.
listen now !
My leg hurts...
A lot!!
Geeze calm down.
Fine, new video soon.
First ever sketch/skit ;
Spring showers bring doctorving safety hazards!
Worn tire treads and windshield wiper blades create dangerous doctorving conditions when paired...
Damn.
I'm taking her to the dance and shell wear my jersey friday
Thanks for following us!
WorstBreakUpExcuses i still like you but we should take a break.
lmao i used that a couple times
Today is giving new meaning to being a geek.
Happy Pi Day and Happy Birthday to AlbertEinstein!
Remember to get out and vote for in the primary election today!
ahh!
I see it now, thanks for the heads up lol.
Love that they just randomly changed it
PeopleJamesHardenlookslike Osama Bin Laden
Happy Birthday !!
I hope you have a wonderful birthday beautiful girl!!
I 3 you : 3
Virginia?
Where?
Ravens have never been in the same division as the Colts.
sure do hope the BD cum through wit tht gud radiator warranty tht ill cut the cost down alot...if not sht...ima have to break them off ..SMH
thanks, but I gotta give credit to
If I don't follow back on twitter I'm sorry.
DM me and I'll follow u back!
: Jack Barakat RULES ;D
Its with LoseMyNumber and Orleana at mojoes.
6:00.
8.
Be there or be square.
Or any other shape you'd like.
I can't keep being just friends with you
And there is only one o in lose
I looked at our promise, and I remembered tht you're not following through
Funny watching women in fancy heels tiptoeing thru puddles.
I'm wearing top siders.
Change to heels in office.
15 point lead is nothing in the first quarter
I'm having dairy queen by myself for lunch bc never wanted to go with me earlier this week!
seriously?
it's May.
Sounds great Janet!
when you go to Texas, I recommend The Music Vault on Veterans Memorial in Harker Heights.
My boys Downsiid own it!
Ya I mean it's just an act...
he's been told to have a persona and he sticks to it for television fun.
It gets old.
why does my life have to be so messed up ?
just gonna sleep my saddeness away ...
i got one question though ; why me ?
Yes !!
He looks like a cuddly animal !!
Lol
Lil Wayne video tomorrow ...
One Wonder in the bldg
Happy 15th Anniversary !!
What an amazing accomplishment!
Lockouts,Mythical College FB champ,College B'ball void of talent, Baseballjoke....are we in the worst sports eras ever?
Thanks.
Will follow up shortly.
scratch that...White Christmas all the waaaaayyy
Thanks!
And I met this one in a bit of an...unconventional way.
He seems a real doll, though.
So here's to new adventures!
RT : : I hate watching the news it's so depressing man its sad...
fa real!
Mentoring is a brain to pick, an ear to listen and a push in the right direction.
John Crosby
Sometimes we have to talk it out to walk it out
: Happy Friday!
and to you too!
How's spring looking in your neighborhood?
opeth just segued into their ABBA dancing queen for proggers number.
Nice!
Thanks for following!
Los Alamos post office official: evacuees' mail will be delivered to Pojoaque High School.
Bring photo ID to claim your mail.
Why do you feel you have to spark interest and use the word niggas
i can't believe they killed marina on the fresh beat band.
i'm looking at you,
really wishes that her damn pants would arrive...stupid UPS
even tho we're probably annoying you now xD just DM us!
:D
Jessica makes the best munchie snacks
RT : 100 code coverage does not mean your code is correct.
It does mean that you tried.
: if instagram cant help you be cute, you have no hope.
LMAO your going IN !
3
Glories of Jewish deli  Friday w/ Henry Hong, John Shields  Knish maven Laura Silver 1 pm
please make and permanent hosts of Morning Edition.
They make the news fun and are a joy to listen to.
Avengers was awesome

Lol I hate kids,!!!
1316 years old , stay the fuck outta my face
Everyone be careful out there.
Tomorrow is Saturday the 14th.
I predict that 's Born This Way Ball will gross at least 330 million.
I'm having a sucky, lonely day.
But tonight...Tonight is Revenge night!
That will erase it all!
Ms.Sphar, I disnt actually bring doctorgs and alcohol to school, it was a rumor.
You can stop watching me so closely.
: RT if you had to take the Walk of Shame this morning...
Great time for 11 Judicial Circuit Historical Society Reception!
if you wanna loose ya
No way!!!
The one off of Johnson?
I'm going to bring you a snack.
IT WAS FREAKIN PERFECT
thank you :
I always lock my front door before I get in the shower 'cause if a killer broke in  heard me singing I'd be HUMILIATED.
Good morning U.S.A.
I have a feeling that its going to be a wonderful day!
Snack Chocolate Brownie Clif Bar
IWannaKnowWhy Tank Tops aren't considered office attire.
ya.
It could be like a klout score.
Only a Doosh score.
I knew it was only a matter of time.
At least we're supposed to get some sunshine after today.
my timeline is exploding with tweets to you.
i wonder if you even see this.
well I SUPPORT YOU FOREVER 3
yikes!
Hope you feel better!
Yes, he is Chadd but then so are you!
on the air with AlTariq Best the founder of FP Youthoutcry a wonderful new youth organization in Newark..you don't want to miss the wisdom
YouGettinPunchedIf you invite me over when you don't have any food.
UnfollowNBA movement , sorry boys I had to do it.
Of course, we all had that as an option.
RT : Wrapping up a successful night at Georgia Brown's
safe sex really is the best..f it !
If 2/2 people are wearing Fidora's  You know, the hat.
Is that weird?
Keep in mind we're going to Aruba.
I always watching a episode of OTH before bed!
Chinese food today.
Subway yesterday.
And Wendy's the day before.
I don't feel like cooking.....
Do you put it back on your brush or get more?
That hurt.
seeing our first candiate for the position tenuretrack.
All finalists are very good !
Move along.
Move along.
Happy to have you at our theatre!
Of course!
And thanks for your support of MKEDAY.
Let us know what you come up with to celebrate, and we'll spread the word.
Happy Birthday Celine Dion!
You have one of the best voices I've ever heard.
Piez shows an SVG visualization of Frankenstein w/nested narrative structures, overlapping chapter structures, density of quotations
No CMC tonight!
Maundy Thursday and Good Friday services both at 7pm this week.
Hope you'll join us!
Haters gonna hate.
Snow!
From inside, it looks quite lovely...FOR NOW.
Stop being doctormatic Dai!
RT : I don't know why you're embarassed!
I feel BETRAYED!!
Being childless and hungover for Take your child to work day?
true!
Sense of entitlement not justified!
Whole time that Twin mad she couldn't use that syrup tho.
Plan failed
how are the boys?
Sketchbooks ready for pick up in labs.
RT : having major sketchbook withdoctorwl.
it's all 's fault.
We need insurance runs, guys!
Especially if he who shall not be named will pitch in the 9th!!
craving mexican food
shake my booty and hoop outside in the grass wearing teal pajama pants?
Yes, please!
Friday rocks!
broccoli grilled cheese sandwich was delicious today, love the grainy,oaty bread.
Oh by the way is it true that KingMoLicksBalls  KingMoSucksDick ?
Water damage?
Mark your calendar Sat Jun 4 for our Benefit Sale where you can find antique art  more.
follow ya man's Cali D.
omg kissed brittany she is hott
I just got ding dong ditched!
nu uh!
We all just made weird noises!
Lmao
yes but this way the world sees how sad our life is some nights
I enjoy talking to you, my mind needs a rest.
watching the lightning ;o
Nice!
We are stronger together than we are apart.
Yeah you looked mad lol it's aiight
sounds interesting, where can I find it?
probably cheaper to develop an app that just adjusts the image to LOOK as if you'd had the facelift!
Definitely great to see friends at the gym : good seeing for a minute today :
oh yeah, i hate that.
gives me a headache trying to pull on the darn thing!
lol
YouWasCute until you used very improper grammar like you was.
lol...
I know it sounds crazy but that's exactly what happened.
I guess Kimbo is protecting that win streak
Lmao damn y'all mfs are ignorant.
But I wouldn't have it any other way.
For my money, porn star cum hotshot realtor is the most entertaining reality star ever.
He deserves his own spinoff.
LA LA LA.
never getting madisons attention.
Technically glass is both half full and half empty, you must decide how you respond
will do
My book LACALIFLAND will celebrate Mid 20th Century Los Angeles, CA.
Get ready kiddies, it's coming :D
OH: : if I did own a dildo, I wouldn't lend it to anyone.
can't wait for bball at st.
agnes this summer w a few kids n a few more
we already have beautiful wives, some nondork will eventually win her heart
Aw thank you.
So far it is wonderful and I miss you too very much!
The new Xbox UI is shiny.
Very nice.
It feels less like a game console and more like an entertainment system.
RT ME TOO!!
ITS LIKE WHEN YOUR DAD HELPED GET OJ OFF!!
RT : WHAT!!??!!
CASEY ANTHONY NOT GUILTY!!!
I'm speechless!!
Good morning everyone!
How is everyone doing today?
Cataract removal on Thursday,, Nothing like having two good eyes,
In absence of RedSox from playoffs, I'm only really rooting for the Giants.
Very tired of the Tomahawk chop in Atlanta already.
Yeah you just had the lines a little off from what they actually were.
Unless they changed from when you posted.
Thanks!
Omg...j cole suck lol
well yea
Enjoy the sun while you can.
Looks like more rain in the forecast for the weekend!
niallwhipshispenis is going down!!!
Strawberry truffle from godiva is ridic delicious
no remember I told u I did..
lol I was just too inexperienced to handle that at the time.
100 but I did n I told u Ana
An hour an half down 7 more to go 
twitterpartytime?
I didn't get the memo
Just in case you forgot, I HATE YOUR FACE.
And, have a lovely day.
:
Updates for our Grand Opening Weekend and 2011 Teacher Training at www.redhotyogastudios.com  www.bvyogablog.com !
I Do!
RT Matt Kemp: new Dodger record with 11 April home runs
Ah, must've missed it.
Only ever heard negative chatter about the Klavika/circle mark.
still working here in Pittsburgh.
trying to wrap things up before starting a new job in Jan.
is my man in my head , has been for years lol.
Luv u boo!
;
Our office is right next to ATT Park, and we heard some loud cheers after their last preseason game yesterday!
I think I just got the most pessimistic chinese food fortune cookie ever, Joys are often the shadows, cast by sorrows.
yeap.
the Gods have not smiled upon my shorts today.
But maybe later I can go long again 113.50 we'll see
Working on adding some videos to the website!
Very exciting project to see how real Moms use their Bottle Snugglers.
Hear lots of cheering coming from Comerica...
Let's go Tigers!
And happy birthday Boesch, sweet RBI's!
LaZombies Tonight on LOGO channel Tune in RuPaul doctorg Race
we'll walk southward until we find a big table / but when to start?
were great, except for Friday, no that's my friend Laurens boyfriend, I went to Junior Prom if my friend Shannon
cheesecake making my day ten times easier helping w my homework 3
YOU ALREADY TEXTED HER?
Grrrrr.3
need break..
and alc.
and sleep.
My voice is pretty shot...will communicate via sign language for tonight why yes you ARE
So...if you know anyone with Fibromyalgia, please send them my way.
I am currently in search of research subjects.
Thanks!
how is gomez still in the bigs, and your on the pine?
even if your ca ba against cappy is .050 you still have a better chance
RT : Hey Audoctor I am so proud of your nomination!
5 coming up dearie
are you on this side of town?
I haven't been on Twitter for quite some time.
o.o
Excited about story we're working on for Monday!
Want to see how far the Brooklyn Center brewery has come in 5 yrs?
Great day to get sick
so excited to be a mentor to two freshman girls next year as part of the honors program :
Effing spoiled brat.
I wanted to get away from my family.
I'm gonna go crazy in my house.
Shrimp cocktail sounds so good right now!
Oh crap.
I was wrong.
Sorry!
Didn't mean to give you a heart attack.
I totally scheduled that tweet before I knew.
Not gonna lie.
fellow followers, if you are wondering why we haven't tweeted in a while, it's because we were on vacation in Hawaii!
If follows back I will die.
3
Customer Service Tip 1  Over Communicate  Promotes stronger business relationships  helps dissolve confusion 
Your only mad cause its not about Justin Bieber for the first time.
Stop complaining.
So what?
Bieber is on here plenty.
I love Japan :
I can't wait either.
But then I have to go to highschool...
ikd if that is good or bad
If u weren't there...
U didn't see anything, don't talk shit
Hello everyone hope you had a great 4th of July weekend
I never know how much toilet paper to put out for a party.
I want to say It's cool if you poop here, but nothing fancy, please.
We're excited our favorite Indiana Parks Department director Ron Swanson returns tonight on Are you?
Thor in the ER  hilarious
Can't take the kid from the fight, take the fight from the kid
When you can't walk down stairs because your quads hurt.
What's on the other side of that envelope?
Doin it big early down in savannah at Retro with 's kill it!!
Happy St Pats!!
no problem
Say a prayer on the big rock in front of The Screamer for me.
That's where I was saved.
San Diego, California Weather :: 60F OVERCAST: 60F OVERCAST
Microsoft is demoing Node.JS and Cloud9 at ATT's Hackathon.
Did I miss something?
Tracy proposes digital agoras as replacement for libraries.
I thought it was going to be a skunk!
Updated pictures of my boy...
She isn't mad at me, but I can't help but feel guilty about what I did...
It was just as much my fault as his...
I'm so sorry for my mistake
She Real tho
U must be MOON in AQUARIUS cuz U got all that money  doctorss like: FUCK U I WEAR WHAT THE FUCK I WANT...I SALUTE U
Just make my heart red again is that too much to ask?
doctorp it from your cold blue hands.
How many times can we multiply a second chance...?
Ha.
I hope you had a good night!
You know my name, not my story.
Youve heard what Ive done, not what Ive been through.
So stop judging me :/
damn that sucks : I haven't talked to you in forever lol
OHH!!: LOL you got me there; haha and aww thats sweet!
Im gonna do that when i meet him; LOL 3
Our friends in Stay Killer Design and Defender Clothing Co.
have some sweet shirts coming out.
Check them out!
Like my bytches nasty like ah cold dinner
ThatsSexyAsHell when he get jealous and mad
5.8 earthquake in Virginia.
That's what we felt in Philly.
Ron Artest should be banned from the NBA
PINK FLUFFY UNICORNS :D
OMG, publisher returned art for revision in a box large enough to fit a couch.
Wondering what it will cost me to return a couch?
Rain hitting against my roof.
: I honestly can't think of a softer lullaby on a night like this.
3
RT : maybe mister met could trip and fall on bud selig and crush him with his giant head
Pro tip: go to bed.
Im backk sort of since im doing hw, I will just minimize the screen if my mother comes in
Bobby Valentine?
Alright.
The Air I Breathe always puts on a good show : 
Speaks VOLUMES ....
Me and are yelling at middle schoolers to get to class.
Lmao
I keep hearing news about nonUS poker sites expanding  hiring.
Should we be sending these stories to the US government?
Wish you were at BALLE2012 conference!
Woah.
I just got dizzy from that photo.
o.o
Make sure you tune in tomorrow to NBC 15 as I go on television The Morning Show with Christine Bellport, to talk about all the wonderful 
AmberPortwood, Teen Mom on , is back in jail.
Follow for updates.
plays bass trombone!
get some 8 teens on the tires, but next year you might have to buy 9 teens!
I wish that the guys were my best friends.
I'd be the happiest girl in the world haha i'd sing in front of 'em anyday.
C:
CAN WE SKYPE NOW?!
OMG I am so sick!
This flu bug is NASTY!
I'll be at the Hot Stove Coaches Clinic  Butler tonight hosted by Coach Farley.
Any HS baseball coaches out there going?
I'm feeling much better about this game than I did coming in.
Thanks for the info, look forward to hearing more.
Been considering DISC cert, but this looks more comprehensive
Do not run, allow the storms to make you strong and the winds will escort you into your calling
i dont got a lot, but i got the mic.
i dont pray a lot but i still write
not even lol RT : I gotta go home and change yo.
This kid copping my colors.
oh dear.
i just.
iCant Don't act above it!
Velveeta is a staple.
:
RT : We are the oldest Native american jewelry and art shop in Vegas .1616 Las Vegas Blvd,3836069.47 years and...
WHERE ARE YOU A JOURNALIST???
Midnight in Paris now stands at 49.7 US, just shy of the 50 million mark!
Hi darlings  thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too.
Great blog!
OneWordThatDescribesMe Merp.
Because the word awkward doesn't quite cover it.
something someting..
a dead fish in water?!
motivation is the key to success mixtape release party don't miss it Its going down
What an amazing performance!
Go Packers!
SAT word of the day: extant existing, not destroyed or lost
Heard You guys ROCKED it Congrats!
Can I have her back now!!!
That awkward moment when Rihanna brings her umbrella and there's no rain.
serious?!
Wow

has really long awesome hair !
Made my donations and purchased some good books.
Ok...last time we talked I had a broken wrist..and still do...ANOTHER HINT???
As you can see, I'm going for a Politics Free day.
lol Don't know how long it will last though.....
I give it 2 hours :
I guess I'm pretty good at mind games.
I seem to be winning every one you're playing.
I hope is having a nice day laying in my bed asleep while im stuck at school.
we were in Portland over the weekend, trying to HAVE FUN  LOL.
we gave up and came home early yesterday, went to sleep at 6.
And we're down to the final one!
House is packed and standing room is capacity for Gtterdmmerung end of 2011
We out here, doing bad shit nigguh
Rain or shine the show will go on!
Meet us today in Red Arrow or Schlitz Park for free fun and food at 12pm.
I wish you could understand how scared I am ..
What , if I'm actually being stalked .
same just cooking dinner and shit
text me doe before I get mad
lol You got that right!!
Please!
I'm actually gunna miss having MCAS.
We had no homework, that's the saddest part 
David Top 10 Reasons To Call Paul 24/7 Board Up or Flooding: John E.
Mattock, Gary McLean, Terry Gates, Robert McLean, Ken Michel, JD Dooley
Can't wait to see teams climb the stairs at Frost Tower!
RT : Only 25 days until the Fight for Air Climb!
Rain  no umbrella  
Attending Strat Plan Wkshp breakout presented by Cambridge FLA at
When people start off with the phrase, I'm not trying to get in your business, but...
they really to get in your business.
windows 98 crashed on me.
i'm done.
Some of you need to under stand that the pro game is a nasty BUSINESS not all the feel good BS you see on TV.
Sue got caught cont
word, I'm doctorssing up as thor
allies a jerk.
goodbye.
or at least get a straw to slurp it up.
I'm good at wasting time...
I hate it :/
follow back ;
Powell west bound toward RI Bridge is backed up.
Might consider alternate route.
RT Flight attendant on American reamed me out 4 playing WORDS W FRIENDS while we sat at the gate, not moving.
Haha!
LOVE YOU TOO!!
but I know a slut named Brittany!
:O
I actually agree I really like ALMOST every movie he's been in he really is one of the best!
Yes sir.
But not in forever.
I love Biz doing the end.
The real high Bennys
I guess sometimes the past just catches up with you, whether you want it to or not.
Usually death row was called the Last Mile.
ha I guess I do now :
I wanna see that new Will Ferrell movie...wonder if it's any good
Confucius Say The only one whose troubles are behind him, is a school bus doctorver
Yeah, when it comes to juicing I just gotta have that kick of ginger.
Pile of Gary Morris CDs in today for mastering and ISRC coding.
Gary had a bunch of Country hits during the '80's.
That Call of Duty spot was intense.
The buzz is in the air lockland bar  grill on Saturday nights is the place to be .
All bad chicks in the building .
doctoropen 8p.m.
til 3a.m.
Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others.
Plato
Step Up Revolution looks likes its gonna be sick
how much were ur VIP tix?
RT Kindness is more than deeds.
A smile, a hug, a touch.
Anything that brightens another person's day!
im so cool i didnt even show up to my own party
Bank of North Carolina Signs Purchase and Assumption Agreement With Hampton Roads Bankshares
Always be true to yourself.
If you can't do that, you won't with others
GET OVER WHAT THO?!
if you called me annoying i would like to know why.
No swim practice today i cant eat whatever i want :
OMG Holland Roden follows me!!!!
AH I am so happy!
This is mega amazing mega mega amazing and very very exciting!
3 love you Holland
Now offering All Over Printing.
There is a 100 piece minimum per design for AOP.
20 discount until 2011.
What is your favorite type of work actors?
Im Tired
you always have it as an option
you don't think I'm a rocket?!
2morrow is Friday who wanna go to the fair with mee lol
Happy Leprechauns to all
: Ask or about Gina .
They definitely remember.
Never mind that rings a bell just forgot
Or rather, directly proportional.
Loving the rap skillz!
U r the only reason I watch Mob Wives,u keep shit real!
Mad love sexy lady!!
Need a Limo in Less Than an Hour?
CALL 3035917102
mister.
Rish: either she'll talk your ears off or scream at you to get back to class.
So I'm thinking the aquarium Saturday ...
mabey because my tweets are protected.
I'll change My setting really quick!
So i need a tattoo done today.
who does em or know somebody who does them?
I think he owned Henson when they played.
Tell melo once he passes algebra two to give us a call.
when you go through a storm sometimes you just have to remember to dance in the rain
RT : the PR firm that and i founded in college did PR for how's that for a doctoram come true for me?
Pliny the Elder has been tapped in our Manhattan Beach location, come by and say hi...and try a ridiculously amazing brew...
lol kno ...I might start tweeting more often but I'm not 100percent
May 23 615am Fox 17 is showcasing GH and GH ArtWalk, we need extras at DeeLite!!
Can you make it??
My pleasure, Jim!
Your chance to win this month's gift box is happening tomorrow morning.
Not signed up yet?
Become an Kaboodle Insider NOW...
St pats.
Wowee!
Cannot believe people who take little kids to baseball games when they are too young.
No fun for anyone.
When your dentist is asking you questions and you can't answer because their hands are all up in your mouth.
Realized my acoustic electric guitar is a torquoisy green color.
Should've carried that around too!
Inspiration from that Four Loko perhaps?
We hope you all had a wonderful Christmas and an even better new year!
add avery to the hanson sightings.
I haven't posted for a while but rest assured, the season is upon us once again!
Let the streetart commence!
Daily updates are back.
Breakfast come to us or we'll delivery to you!
eggfast www.eggfast.com
Today starts the week long teach ins at bradley with regarding islamaphobia in western media.
Check 'er out!
yes es bueno chica  WE LOVES YOU GIRL you have some HOTTIES on ur list!!!!
too busy watching the nats pwn the mets.
Well youll have to tell me bout it tomorrow.
Note to Radio Programmers:Having your air talent recap the previous night's episode of American Idol / Dancing with the Stars is not content
To us, family means putting your arms around each other and being there.
Barbara Bush
not sure man.
Hopefully soon.
I know : It makes me so sad.
I promise to stay in town next time you grace us with your presence.
Likewise!
RT : Thanks for the follow: !!
Live life and love yourself for who you are because you are beautiful!
we can conquer anything we put our minds too!
thats the spirit!: It's not how PEOPLE view YOU it's how YOU view YOURSELF: That's what my told me isn't it an awesome quote?
If Facebook ever shuts down.
u'll see people roaming the streets shovin pictures in others faces screaming 'Do you like this!?..
DO YOU!?!?!
thank you!!!
After 16 years as a Personal Trainer, I can tell assess an individual and work on their fitness goals and needs....
loved Isle of Denial Renamed The Isle of Denial very clever!
Be confident and secure in your talent and your spirit
Im interested to see how this season of Game Of Thrones resolves.
It's really strayed from the book,  continues to more and more each week.
Interview went fantastic.
Looks like KRod has scrapped the contacts and is back wearing the glasses.
if u wrestle for our school next year u could do some mma to
for all those dog lovers out there, construction of our puppy park has begun...stay tuned!!!
Twitter is a forum to express opinion, not defame someone when you don't agree, that's just hate.
This world has enough haters
So I See They Turning FaceBook Into A Porn Site
So many gorgeous girls just ruining it with SF Giants shirts.
The Indiana Pacers are 19 ATS in their last 10 games overall.
No bueno!
this is pleasing news.
Which albums do you have so far?
Dang RIP Junior Seau
oh..no...awkward lol its off now!
:
I'm  Chicago Dept of Biz Affairs, I'm E511  they're serving A105.
What does that mean?
Is it like I'm  bleepquarn  they're on xefzom?
Avengers is just so awesome Just want to go see it again!
When The Boyz were on shake it up 3,:
They are coming!
Stay posted!
I used to get 8 points a game just standing in the lane Shaq.
Understatement
Most Dangerous Jobs In US Do you know that?
BOO BEAR!!
GANG BANGING WITHOUT ME?!
:O
Hard to tell buy Twellman commented on the lack of Galaxy fan noise at halftime.
Fine with me :
ASKGEORGE DO YOU LIKE PLAYING KYLE IN WATERLOO ROAD?X
We know from experience that HB 1075 will result in persistent and permanent downsizing of General Fund appropriations.
Merry Christmas tweeters!!!
Bout to chill in atlanta for the next hour.
Caps is only 24 players, only 2 glasses, across the room from each other.
More chill than Quarters.
The pizza advertising story was disappointing: since when is advertising an immediate, precise game?
Even coupons don't do that
is going to 32 central : 
no homo, you guys are like the best couple
Everything is pissing me off right now.
Like, i'm heated.
I am sorry, what kind of spam?
Startup Trail  game for learning how to run and manage a startup  excited for this one, used to be hooked on oregon trail
SO happy for you!:' you deserve to be RT'd by !
We love Already his results are tangible and real.
2012 is going to be a great year for
I bet they won't let us face fuck theirs lol
I just saw Junior Seau a couple weeks ago with Terry Bradshaw at the La Costa Resort playing golf.
So full of life.
Can't wait till breaking dawn part two comes out!
:
I'm unapologetically addicted to But I do know that it's slightly wrong to watch it in a loop while I'm working.
Golden Corral on San Mateo is amazing and I'm not a buffet/trough feeder.
But, YUM!
They even have cotton candy  chocolate fountain!
VCU up 1 at the half
Great article man
I DON'T LIKE OPERA BUT THIS IS GOOD!
1ers gotta get their kicks somewhere.
As predicted, I am now expected to write the Christmas Eve play for the inlaw cousins.
Let's see how many Caddyshack lines I can work in.
Feel like for your first tweet as a Raider...you should spell Raider Nation correctly.
Just trying to help out our new QB
Action news 6
Tickled.
As.
Fuck.
Mirko Pasta Toco Hills Thank you to the over 2,000 wonderful Emory students who showed up to experience made from scratch Italian
New cover is up.
4 more days n hello Vegas baby!!!!!
I would hope that Ostertag is as far away from Denver as possible.
The Jazz don't need Kansas Blood.
you would love our fitness facility.
The most BA warriors are our ladies for sure, Kettlebelll warriors that is!
Link doesn't work!
but I still love you 33
I just got lucky.
I figured it out
What Would Phil Jackson Do?!
actually, no.
I didn't.
I worked at American Eagle, so I didn't wear the Abercrombie Fitch stuff.
Good tip!
RT : Quick Fitness Tip.
Take at least 1 day off a wk from fitness to recover.
NBA playoffs start tomorrow , I have a vision that my NY Knicks knock off the Mia Heat and make it to the finals, anyone feeling me on that?
Schweet!
RT Work lunch at M.
Morning folks!
Sorry for any followers who have been getting weird updates from me  linked on Tweet Deck to other accounts!
Oops!
New ticket winner being randomly doctorwn for YouDontknowShip ...
Which fan will it be???
New contract for work on I Am Number Four.
You can especially hear my work in the last 30 seconds of the trailer!
Interesting.
I just had a heated debate last week about why I refuse to see The Help.
I could barely get through the book.
forget riding the monorail....
been a fan bro, but u were wrong 4 the addoctorss retweet.
I don't believe n fanning flames, I bring matches.
Facts1st!!
Where is the best place to find local events happening near you?...
bueller...
bueller
No outgoing service 4 me n building.
Will pass it along after 2.
Let me no if u need anything else 4 that meeting.
I have a file!
love the fact that your not ashamed to admit your love for the lord!!
And the trolling begins.
Hey, it never hurts to be on the lookout!
So dis whit dude goin n on queens of comedy at da gay club I'm like wtf an he really tryna holla at him Lmfao wtf
RT : Kegs  Eggs Brunch w/ Tomorrow at the LocalUnderground 10am4pm!
Join us for Bloodies, Mimosas  Beer
Workinn hard finishing :p sucks not seein you though :p
Wow, CJ Watson.
cool as a cucumber.
Bartimaeus trilogy: The Amulet of Samarkand
In Belgium, you are considered legally insane if you opt for a scone over a waffle.
Just watched my Daughter, today's minimascot, up on the big board with Nordy!
aahspd2012 got the tweet
'Veganism is like nirvana...
A distant and unattainable goal'
Just figured out why the bachelorette premiere is two hours long.
It's all the commericials that get in the way.
And Carlos Beltran has just hit a grand slam, his second home run in two innings!
Nice guys finish the race last because they know it's not a race.
this kinda rinsed me of Nialler 3
Thanks so much Starr!
Let's rock the world again!!
m/
Began reading about China, both the land and history.
Deeply fascinating land.
Particularly interested in Buddhist development.
and this sketch is still going...
disaster
Never knew how food it felt to sit on a clean toilet KeepItFresh 
pretty girls like pretty boys .
Much obliged for the RT Sharon!
wearing my new shirt.
I love you Spain!
Trinity's John Fahy is the 2012 KY winner of the National Wrestling Hall of Fame and Museums Dave Schultz High School Excellence Award.
To wander is the doctoramer's privilege.
Is it ok for me to be happy for Daniel Nava?
He is what he is but something this redsox team needs right now
hi thanks for the follow .
your brother john cena is hard to get a tweet from or a follow
That's right!
Dominate, Saints!
Its not going to happen so I don't get my hopes up
Me neither.
I took pity on him.
Then again, this is a man who manages to look rumpled in a tuxedo so only so much I can do
It's gotta be a good sign when you show someone a recording of yours  after listening they say, these headphones sound great, right?
I was thinking the same thing.
I'll try to invite those SJB freshies.
I wanna get TGIF again.
Mad good food
On the way to Personal Training; on time for once!
Watched the Sherlock 2nd season premiere, against my better judgement.
Entertaining, but the most American British show I've ever watched.
I don't have shit to do until 8, who wants a s/o?
Wow that's just TEAM ball
Spent a beautiful rainy day at Ridgefield NWR Conserving wildlife and habitat for future generations?
Yes please!
The Wire; The Office; Frontline; Cheers
Relationships, a new poem for npm,
How would you Compare the Marlins New Ballpark to others around the Major Leagues in terms of Watching a Game?
baking dinner, setting up and decorating our Christmas tree, and sipping champagne..
the holidays are here for me and !
Hey girl what'd you and Sarah think about my video?
I didn't do as good as I could of but some people say dif
What: So I have a warrant for my arrest .
No regrets.
The Can I ask you a question?
Text is never good
Shows featuring Polisubbers tonight: , 7pm in Comedy Expo.
, singersongwriter set, Rockwood Music Hall at 9!
back to school next Monday : haven't had much of a break
is this where the we want to play in the Champions League crew step up?
hey Ellen just wanted to say hi and thought I'd let you know your freaking awesome with what you do ok gotta run later
look at me, I'm MaryAngela Dingleberry and I think I'm being sexy in my professorle pic, Shhh!
Happy Mother's Day to all!
I was ready to get out of my college town, and was born and raised in Madison.
People never change.They just become more of who the really are.
I am one of the whores in the school play.
Is anybody else's Instagram being a bitch  not uploading pictures?!!?
oh yeah!!
Sound like a plan!
:D
If the rewards losers, why not position yourself to be the best loser?
Twitter like being on a lonely island writing a meaningless message 2 b put in a bottle thrown out 2 sea hoping someone will write u back
Done!
Thanks!
RT : that 'I'm deleting my Twitter' stunt holds no weight now that you can reactivate it.
back to the doctorwing board kids.
My new album There Can Only Be One is available online at www.cdbaby.com/cd/larrybrownjr1

thank God above I'm not in that line for SXSW!!
I'll take NYC over Austin any day of the year :
I think I might rent a segway in honor of Kevin Hart on the BET Awards
I would do anything to be able to go back to sleep right now.
doctorke concert tonight!!!!!
3
awesome, G.
It looks like thanksgiving outside 2day
Grind RT : New video within the hour...
Nice half at womens game.
Tp with a goal and sharla with a good look.
Some bad offsides calls on us too
This is true.
you're such a good friend
where the heck are you?
Signed up for LastPass via its widget for Firefox.
Let's see how useful this is.
How I'm feeling right now  
love me a good golden girls reference!!
the safe, ill fit red doctorss has to go :
Hope you had a great birthday, and liked your present.
fail RT : I repeat: I will not stress about finals.
I will not stress about finals.
I will not stress about finals.
I will no...
I do the same with my dog, but with the radio: RT: I leave the tv on for my dog when I go out.
But only when he's been bad.
wow.
That's late!
I get out at 3 :
Happy birthday!
We know the way to PDX's heart is through its stomach.
Portland, will you be Feastpdx's Valentine?
Having control of high traffic sites gives SEO providers fast results with strategic link placement.
Influence not knowledge matters in SEO
So proud of my bro 4 landn tht casino job.
He makn more there now then he make a Mickey ds after bein there for 7 years!!!
Awe well thank you very much.
:
burrito bromance 3
I kinda do too!
please try adding a seattle tour date!
Bring1DtoSeattle 48
Ive been wanting to read more books, but twitter is like reading a book every day.
your the only one
you already are, my dear
: You made it to Friday!
What will you be reading this weekend?
weekendgoodoctorads going for a Russian classic w/ Anna Karenina!
I need to ask about the food onboard, plus a million other things.
Dear CBS, thanks for letting me know that Tim and Tom are similar names.
The waves are awesome this morning!
This is what its about.
Foggy skies and glassy rides
Chuck  Is Steve Shaw on Twitter?
It's Digital Learning Day today!!
Can't wait for the festivities!
which hints at the fact that they'll be playing in Cali!
;
I told him, At my age, I don't even buy green bananas
why should i say that 2xs?
now now, let's act professorssional
I'm looking at a book...Postpartum Depression for Dummies.
May be mildly insensitive.
Great play and the Orioles win again for a ROAD SWEEP of the Red Sox ...
Go Orioles Go!!!
MJ I got to work with David Newhoff on his short film.
He's so great.
!
Love that guy.
Big game today!!
Keep it up!
Go TEXANS!!!!
RT : The richness of a Libra's soul enables them to bounce back from disappointment, setbacks, tragedy  misfortune.
Streaming feed picked up kids saying, We missed you!
My year's better now that you're here!
FHS loves ya.
Me too.
You lie , make up excuses ,  play to much .
Game over boy .
Need another reason to work at Dell?
The were preparing steamed muscles to order in the building 1 cafe today.
mad I fell alseep last night
Just saw you on SC, looking good.
How'd you like that doctorve to Eugene?
:
Checked out your blog.
Not bad  keep it up!
Keep runnin'!
MT Yanks off gets them NOVA THE HUMP...Teix may have heard the boos...Finally a liftoff...please keep it going man...
I love making people's day
About to get in the shower  and get ready for the day
I went to MOA So much fun
Do you have plans for the weekend yet?
What are they?
: LOL Please, your vagina has more users than Facebook.
I think of a few ppl with this I'm sure our minds will agree on who
Vibration training on the Power Plate considerably improves muscle strength, flexibility, range of motion and bone density.
Antique to Abtique: The Search for the Nations Most Prized Antique Electronics and Appliances
I feel like we are in a tank in iraq.
Its his gift to all the Moms out there RT : Why is Berman doing Sportscenter?
Yup!
Kind of like the work you have to do before you can get to the work.
He won't complete no hail Mary this time lol
See you in January Steelers.
When facebook fizzles out can we call it AOL 2.0?
When tumblr fades out can we call it angelfire 2.0?
Spa week is almost around the corner...Call and book your appointment today!
Tonight!
We perform our best crap from the last four years!!
8pm BE THERE OR BE...there.
You have no choice.
Great catching up with my favorite Midtown kids last night,  friends!
Just bought some sweet gear from teamshop for tonight's semifinal game.
As says: We Eat Our Own Dogfood!
So, Rdio.
It's become the new Spotify, in our house, since the kid won't be getting a Facebook account just so he can listen to music.
decided last minute not to go.
Good luck.
I'll most likely be there or the stone for the main event on Saturday.
Can't decide yet
Upset not to be at West Ham United today.
Too ruff.
Sky Sports it is.
What up world
Am I a stupid boy for believing that I could?
No.
1: Need to watch more chick flicks so I can win more shower games.
No.
2: Excited to see  reminisce on homeschool projects!!
I agree.
Acceptance started w/ my own attitude  Autism is now a part of our family  and that's OK.
Love the smell of a new print job in the afternoon
Haven't tried one.
I have a friend who switched from Rath to GreenhoeConn, though
I should have learned my lesson by now..
but even the thought of you gets me high
Finding a good massage therapist is not easy.
Licensed and experienced are a must.
A private massage therapist offers continuity of care.
can't wait ladies...
I suspect you're right.
I'm learning slowly but surely!
girl you know you can't be with nobody who work at chicos.....you'll get fat in a week from eating for free
Thanks for the RT's, guys!
Really appreciate it.
:
aboutme my step dad adopted me when i was 5
I'm sorry but it is 3
Lol at my brother sending me a picture in his jersey esta loco
Hear, hear!
was good; but they ran low on some key items.
I hope you still have tickets left.
It would be a great treat to go!
Whoa, he lives!
How's things, Carlos??
is Mest the first band on?
Check out Wayman Tisdale version of Aint No Stoppin us Now groovin from start to finish!
ARE YOU AT SAUVIES
RIP AdamYauch.
Thanks for introducing us to a unique style of sounds and music.
I love the
Its a known fact that theflaminglips kick ass, and if you don't know now you know.
WhatMakesABlackGirlMad A NonBlack Chick is acts more Ghettoer than the Black Girl
Rooting for Knicks and Mavs tonight
TMZ News Alerts: Ryan Seacrest Buys Ellen DeGeneres' Estate for 49 Million
I dont wanna go to school tomorrow
Lmao shame RT : lol yeah yeah I know I suck at life
Book Claims GOP Leaders Plotted Against Obama On Inauguration Night huffpost They were wearing hooded cloaks at the time.
Who thinks the MTA should make the bathrooms at the stations accesible at all times?
It's like a girlie magazine.
It's terrible.
did they thang 2nite!
had me throwing my hands n tha air...
My feet hurt 4 real
So you want to be a star?
Share your talent on Good To Go.com
good morning :
It is
thecolorrun ftw beautiful day in vegas
he's so annoying
Cute little movie night :
its about damn time :P
it's hotter today than Alyssa Milano on her 35th birthday
Anyone attending the T2P2 event  Jammy Buggars in Lakewood tonight at 6:30pm?
Where are my CLE ladies at?
Meet me for a pint  dogooding?
yes mah nig.
I'm bored pills
My trivia team has a twitterfeed if you're into that stuff.
PS.
are going down!!!!!!
At this point, camels should know better than to put straw anywhere near their backs.
no problem.
Have a great night.
about to be faded tonight
WWW.SENDITTOMEOKAY.COM
when is justin coming to indianapolis??I wanna see him so bad!!:
another dollarfordollar challenge right now on all contributions doubled up to 500 until 3pm: 4147991917
I'm slacking on my 15k air miles a year.
Hawaii will help but where to next?
Hey Onel.
We are still on for tonight.
Louie  I will be there by 9:45PM.
Could you send us the patch for the wordpress calendar?
That would be awesome!
: what are yall Doing tonight?
Having a few cool people over and you better be one of them biatch
she sangs as perty as she looks!!!
Come check her out guys!
10pm round with yours truly!
Dakich will have record numbers on his show today.
nope, that's my hand!!!
good to hear!!
Just chuggaluggin' here;
Yea bitch call me steveo :
He dont care so why should i...
I got bigger issues to deal wit!
Gonna take a nap so I can see on stickam later :D
hey : who wants to talk?
;D
..ok...have fun and b safe out there n the Motor City.
I love when my tribe has
Direct message sent with info!
looky at you!
RT : NYC: Thursday at 7pm will speak at Barnes  Noble on Broadway at 82nd St.
no heart for me??
Mine's definitely not the pharma hack  I don't know whether that's good or bad.
Contacted my host.
: HT in Overtime.
Let's go Gdubb.
Best Parking is in 7th/Pike Street Garage.
Starbucks on 7th, Caffe Ladoctor at 801 Pine.
Registration Open.
Entrance on 8th/Pike.
good luck
Pictures coming in a minute.
Does this mean you caved??
Thanks for the follow Bethanne, looking forward!
RT : Catch me at Endless Music THURSDAY w/ the ATL
Nope but thanks anyways :
Talk to Ian.
We have now done both of those things and used TurboTax.
you mean quintuple?
Football without the Packers is like glutenfree cookies.
Sure, they're cookies...
But they suck and are completely pointless.
Grateful for a wonderful birthday and excited for all the adventures in the years to come
I'd be honored.
Let me get settled in my new job and make sure it's OK.
Thanks so much!
oh, hey, I know who that is!
oomf is an amazing christian dude who's song boyfriend is just as amazing and his name rhymes with bustin fevers ; hehe
Can a guy who's out for the season and doesn't play a game actually win the MVP?
But after work my two off days strictly belongs to my husband :
Hey guys,we are so sorry we messed up your plans last night.Everyone seems to be on the road to recovery.Thanks for the tweet
We're going to Little House on the Prairie today.
Really excited.
I love Melissa Gilbert and that was my alltime fav TV show growingup.
Happy Binary Day!
See you all this weekend at beautiful Fall Creek Falls
S/O to Keep doen ya thang
I've replaced coffee with listening to pandora's rap strength training station....
Congrats to the hardworking crew  And , you were dead on in your 2012 predictions.
, you holding up ok?
what happens in Napa tends to stay in Napa, except the hangover.
That comes home with you.
awesome picture!
Just wondering how much ass maroon5 is getting later
Mike Flanagan, contrary to what is making the rounds, did not throw the last pitch in Memorial Stadium history.
Frank Tanana pitched a CG.
Upon my first listen to Sugar's Copper Blue since the 1990s it is plainly obvious that i am a fucking idiot for having ignored it this long.
NowPlaying Broken Bells, Courtesy of my Dad
Ha ha other bagel.
You thought you were safe.
You thought, No way is she going to eat TWO bagels!
SHUT UP AND BE UNDER THIS CREAM CHEESE!
Flew to Austin w Todd Shepherd from completecolorado.com.
good to catch up.
first time I have heard that one...
May be the worst nick name ever
Cole suggests that bundling limits could make it more difficult for notsorich candidates to run for office
Perfect timemost should be intoxicated by then!
In my bag Ms.
Mint Holiday Bazaar North/Clybourn to 6pm Great food Great troutwich from  more!!!
hi!
what time does it start tomorrow?
The hotel staff don't seem to know anything about their meeting room being used...
U could win the bed of your doctorams.
Last year's winner was from Denver, CO in the national contest.
We want you to win!
contest.simmons.com
when I produce and direct on a project I can complain about myself
The best thing about going back to my old lifestyle is that I'm the best at it.
I can do that...but support the others
Easily one of the best soundtracks, ever!
Sovereignty  legitimation of property.
Will be tweeting in the next week from 18thC American Rebels on the topic.
;P Classic Army Airsoft Manufacturer life counterparts
Like either of them would have done that.
In the playoffs.
This week better go as quickly as this weekend did.
you still alive from last night?
Do we need 2 send the cops looking 4 u or would u prefer the Hangover guys?
11785 Big day in JYD history as he wins the only WWF Wrestling Classic beating Iron Sheik, Moondog Spot and Randy Savage.
friggin love them cards just wish I could crack the bubbly and celebrate with em
ctfu my nigga I have no clue
Wondering if best friend is at derby again this year wearing a fabulous B.
Michael hat...where are you Mary?
Finished up my last grocery shopping for the month.
:
Overheard in a Mill Valley coffee shop: a young mom saying, I probably have more money in strollers than I do in my car.
For example, spent the morning with my Frat Bros, planting trees for ComcastCares day.
7a10a.
true, true
So shy people think you are a snob.
What to do??
ANOTHA MOTHERS SON HAS BEEN TUKIN AWAY FROM HER BUT IMA PRAY EVERYNITE YA FAMILY BIG BRUH RNS FWM.
R.I.P STACY HILL
It actually worked.
Ten times more than I thought I would get!
top talent actor.
Famcan you tell me where you got those glasses in your film Heart Specialist.
Red.Black.Green
love you too amanda
I'm not a player I just fuck alot.
all kinds of crazy machines,but remember nothin better then2dumbells,but tendonitisjust gettn back is making me look at using machines
throws up in a bag
I love the upper hand!
Watch me use it to my advantage!
ha.
there's stuff besides baseball on tv this time of year?!
My pleasure, anytime!
Thanks for the Tasty tacos!
RT : also, Tom Friedman is ....
high on list of folks i would like to see water cannon'd
After a Breakup or DivorceWhat to do when you feel sorry for yourself
I'm mad I'm glued to the tv right now.
lol watching cartoon network
lol u silly jus slow down u gonna end up spoilin ur self
In case nobody saw my eailer tweet, today's my birthday!!:
no idea
Goodness, prom is in a week!
:'D
Reviewing BbLearn for implementation next fall and considering new ways to involve the Libraries.
Looking for success stories!
Design of the past may not make sense in the present.
Meeting needs of community
Close call, just happy the fish pulled one out!
was a stud out there : Wow that was a FAIR ball!!!
Giants got screwed
sorry guy your team is done
I did get it to work.
Thank you!
60 RT So if the Pats can hang 38 on the Dolphins in Miami...
What will they hang on the Chiefs in New England?
imagine they're all like the trembling animal you're holding there, clutching to your words for safety.
They seriously should be related though!
Time to acknowledge  thank Senator Amy K.
and then go to work .
Oh my Lord...LMBO!
IM ROLLIN' THE DICE GOT THE WIND IN MY HAIR.
I DO NOT sit on the phone n argue, just know when I see u in these streets throw ya mofo hands up...n stop calling blocked I'm not calling u
just doesn't make sense.
Suggests campaign wants to capitalize on news cycle swings but does so late  w/o overarching narrative.
ya man I am from central florida also, What u get up too, Its hard to find cool spots these days..
A woman needs to always be ready to get undoctorssed publicly  my mother, ladies and gentlemen.

shared a Tweet with you: The real opportunity for success lies within the person and not in the job.
Zig Ziglar
still in school
gosh, i would be happy if comcast would even CARRY al jazeera.
Soundcheck at St.
Marks.
C'est rock.
I'm sorry I didn't see this until now.
Not necessarily.
I do love writing in Englishit's a terribly rich and varied language.
Life has got to be lived  that's all there is to it
The Viewfinders are going to be on we radio.
Tune into WWW.session.biz this Sunday from 2pm4pm.
Has reading a book ever changed ur life?
If so which one?
nahh just a thought ha
pardon me, that's Dolly Pardon.
When teachers give you homework ..
Recycle
sis with an awesome name!!!
Haha have a great weekend :
I don't mind!
Not one, not two, etc..
Selfglossing as a global icon.
Plus Lebron never owned the mistake of The Decision.
SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn Wen u get less calls from ur man or ur woman!
tonight is going to be amazing I cannot wait.
I wasn't there, but I'm thinking it's still I'm Leavin' by Jesse McCartney.
AM I RIGHT ??
Watching the Princess and the frog with my little neighbor!
Today was a good day mostly becuz followed me : one step closer 3
It shouldn't bother me, but it does.
I shouldn't care about you, but I do.
I should hate you, but I don't.
Rob G got that through back mix going 97.9The Box sweet..
My problem with people is that I can't stay mad, I always end up forgiving people even if they don't deserve it.
What a way to start the half!
Why would you wanna marry me for?
So I can kiss ya anytime I want.
In desperate need of a haircut.
Come in and get our soup of the day clam chowder for 2.99!!
It's yummy!!!
who is the oldest oldhead still in the league???
i don't like Shoobe...
Breakfast for dinner?
haha i just did the same shit...
Well look who's giving Twitter another try!
Your tweets made me laugh so loud my boss looked over.
That's on me for checking twitter at work, but you are not blameless.
Aviators  Wayfarers
Think you have what it takes to be a Hustler Honey??!!Come to our weekly Amateur Contest tonight and you could WIN 1000 in Cash  Prizes!
Wishing I were raising a pint in Midtown NYC with and the rest of the boys.
Happy St.
Patty's day!
Today I don't feel like doing anything.
I just wanna lay in my bed.
I shouldnt?
too late D:
Heading to Washington D.C.
and Maryland, then back to Berlin, Ohio for our October 23rd with special guest, homicide survivor Mark Petric
Welcome back David!
How are you today?
so i guess it's time to play
RIPSteveJobs  I offer my condolences for SteveJobs who generated an enlightenment with innovative inventions.
leave school and come over and chill with me 
The heat's not working in my apartment.
Possible solutions: Alcoholasadditionalblanket or shared bed technique?

bitches I aint got no love for em, just a lot of swagger and and a lil bit of doctorgs for em  meek milli 
tickets won are for that particular show.
Sorry!
Haha, there are no shows to be had, sadly.
Hint: Not a Diamondbacks tshirt.
yay!
sending good first day vibes your way!
Beep Beep coming thur ..
Out of the way pretty please
haha thank you!
No Sleep Til Heaven.
Happy Memorial Day everybody!
We are open!
I am writing you out of exasperation.
I don't know what to do next.
I borrowed against the equity in my home and spent the money.
One thing you DO NOT DO is ask me for money or ask me to buy you something and be dead ass serious...that is such a QUICK way to piss me off
Found a gray hair this am...
All of us failed to match our doctorams of perfection.
So I rate us on the basis of our splendid failure to do the impossible.
can you send it to me??
:
I am so close to smoking a cigarette, even though I know I absolutely should not.
Sinus surgery is heinous.
Didnt reach my goal of 500 followers by today but I guess 281 isnt bad.
I love all of my followers!!!
In the end I always want to say She doesn't even go here!
I was so worried it would crack my windshield on the way home!
Scary!
worldnews Mobile phone company Sony Ericsson reports a fourth quarter loss, blaming tough competition and the global economic slowdown.
My life long doctoram is to open my own men's haberdashery.
Woo, thank you!
Happy Holidays !!!
Putting together the next Heritage Collection.
So many options for inclusion...
Thanks for the follow!
I have always wanted to learn how to plant..
I have a teeny, tiny, green thumb!
Looking 4ward to tweets!
Everyone messes up in different ways
Highly specialized organisms like Russian research teams?
Time to wash face, get PJ's on, eat some DINO nuggets, and doctoram about you tonight.
wishyouwerehere 3
Thank you so much :D it means a lot!
Tell some friends about us :D
Lmaoo yup RT : AT THE SAME DAMN TIME!
RT : doctornk and high at the same time
Lol Im Funny
That's fun :
RT Inventor of the Modern Pinball Machine Dies At 100: porsche911 writes with this excerpt from the New York Times:......
Not feeling to good, I think I'm going to lay down and go to sleep, goodnight.
cool, I just want to go somewhere I've never been.
link doesn't work!
If little else, the brain is an educational toy.
Tom Robbins
My phone has been blowing up all morning!
Ah
Hell yeah Jeff Gordon on the pole.
71st of his career and 20th straight season with a Sprint cup series pole.
Which ties the record with ...
So mad i should have been an extra at shoot 4 friday night lights 4 tom but have class n cant skip bc my participation in tom'S class wi ...
look who has joined us, !!
Dinner special is on!
Don't forget to get a caraf of wine with your meal!
Glad to see my start to get back on track!
The pizza ghost gets nervous and sweats pepperoni juice EVERYWHERE.
hell yea campus days..
Stop by and try our delicious new flavor: Chocolate Peanut Butter!!
I received Malice of Fortune!
I'll send you a review/post on my site as soon as I can.
Thanks!
hi lauren.
If you ring the Liz Hobbs Group number and someone will be able to give you more information.
another trip to NYC for a BIG audition.
Not saying any more lest I jinx myself.
WISH ME LUCK!!
massive xmas blowout!
100 off everything at Marathonofdope.
you know how to spell my name yet?!
Hahaha
OH!
FAIL!
absolutely dude
Hope you have better luck taking your little one to shows than I ever did.
None of mine tolerated it long, always left early.
And yes that last tweet was a bit of shameless selfpromotion.
But really, come see The Miser this wk  the Wabash students are fantastic!
Hey Janelle!
Thanks for the RT!
Are you going come to come help us doctornk the free Magic Hat taps tomorrow?
Bring Friends!
oomf talking bout how much she love her bf.
I should screenshot our convos
But how to measure this engagement.
It does come down to ROI.
SM is timeconsuming.
Sounds good!
I'll let you know!
On my way to the Windy City.
A friend of mine, also BARD but in NYC, told me.
I'm back in Detroit now and happy to help with anything you're working on!
S/O To !!
PRETTY BOY NATION !
3
lol it will happen ;
nice!
Did you make it back for sessions or was the siren song of sun too strong?
I started out my development on a Lumia 710.
Wishing for a Lumia 900.
:
Do you think Jay Beagle thinks about changing his last name to doberman?
Hancock: Julie was not the doctornk leaving the bar who decided to use her motor vehicle...perhaps over the objections of friends.
What a game!
Thank you for a great show!
Faith consists in believing when it is beyond the power of reason to believe
Reno 911 is one of my Favorite Comedy Central Shows, It's so god damn funny
Lunchtime jog.
Just a mile, but it felt good.
Ah, they sat down with Greta and Lindsay.
primaryschoolmemories where I meet the love of my life....who I don't end up with lmao
i saw yo ass earlier on middlebelt but i aint got yo number no more lol
In the morning, O Lord, You hear my voice; in the morning I lay my requests before You and wait in expectation.
Psalm 5:3
So glad I got to see my Gucci Gucci
You can always make more money, but never more time.
So remember to use it wisely  cherish the moments with those you love.
Have a nice day
follow back :
UPC, one of Ireland's largest internet providers, will not have to cut off illegal downloaders, the High Court has ruled.
Heading to work..
Illphrased, yes.
But larger point that many moms don't have the choice Ann Romney did is legit
So anyone from class Tweeting?
If so you're part of a Twitternomina!
Which ads do you like?
I say keep fighting with each other Heat and make it easier for the blue and gold!!!
yes!
Just provide me a key lol
Sometimes I ask if they've developed a solarpowered truck yet.
I don't get any answers.
springbreak 2012 cannot come soon enough!
Happy birthday!
follow me please i'm directioner :D
ready to try this place Texas Roadhouse in South Jersey for some beers, BBQ  the Sixers game...
honestyhour eh?
Is Mike Mignola REALLY a god among men?
Great.
Keep the good work.
I enjoy reading your tweets my good friend.I Will say good night now.
Doing a tour this morning :!
If you ever want to take one, let me know!
TV/Movie tour of lower Manhattan.
Super fun!!
OMG !
I think I have mines too , I hope not cause I didnt study
Life is like a box of chocolates you never kno what ur gonna get :
And GOOD NIGHT!
:
I don't like how FB sends out birthday cards from me on its own to random people...
Born Ready
time to go get ready for Laguna Beach
read about your win  late free throws.
Good to see there is still ice in those veins!
Thanks For The Follow :
You ain't bout it RT : Wanna hear me rap in spanish?
Fellow passengers on the SS Traveler have said I AM THE MURDERER in our Mystery Game, making me WALK the PLaNK despite my protests
Just a reminder: the deadline for Spring 2012 Meal Plan changes and cancellations is this Saturday, February 4th!
Dude the shit is cray...I have a Steve Perry mullet growing.
Kinda amazing visual haha.
You doing good bro?
When did pandora start having adds?
We can get past this?
I just tried to fuck you, sue you  extort you.
Let's do this
baby i got options
you were great on chelsea.
For the record I liked your inverse prostitute joke!
: Inner Space, Secrets of the Unknown opens Thursday.
Dec.
1st enter the great wide open.
Who's going?!
Vote for Beyonce...
i mean Bon Jovi, sorry beyonce's always on my mind.
Cotto I canr stand maywether he dnt box untill his opponent is tired...
N u??
BAHahah nailedit RT : Waiting for Tupac to show up on The Biggest Loser when the contestants walk out with their previous selves.
This was an amazing event today!
cc RT : doctorm Roll and Gong Blast!
Official Launch of MC2012!
Apply Today!
Congratulations to Joshua  Micky Silverberg on the soon to be birth of their child.
Damn these blondies are good!!!
would you care to share the color of your walls in your beautiful kitchen?
: i believe in fairy tales and happyendings And i know my prince charming will come to my life ; 
She kills me lol
Hey Taunton guys U should move to NYC for the summer.
Could be fun
3/8/1792D.
Stewart: That the Commissioners have had more than a little trouble  vexation with Majr LEnfant, I can readily conceive...
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together.
Vincent Van Gogh
Callaway: directdeposit loan product is identical to payday loan offered by nonbank lenders, but bank not required to disclose APR
POKER TIP: Always raise the same amount IF you raise..No matter if its with AA or 78.
Be consistent and dont give up your hand too soon.
Greeks are rioting because you obviously didn't spend enough money while you were in Greece!
another option is auction...they may have that same car 3 times cheaper..
Nothing good can happen in those pants!
tweet me for a follow back :
made my morning
Lakers are working it out!
My new home team!
Ayers: Digital media does not produce any partic outcome: not degrading or improving of education Neutral.
Wow.
Last minute and I mean last minute goal for Dallas.
DalvNE.
I feel so bad for NE.
That was terrible defending though.
SocMM Free Spring Workshop Registration Closed  Soccer Means ...
Success is important only to the extent that it puts one in a position to do more things one likes to do.
Sarah Caldwell
doctoraming of Paris in October ....
If i repeat myself ,feel special
We are here to add what we can to life, not to get what we can from it.
yea buddy.
Will be my first full Iron Man.
Coming up quick!
yes cute 3
Must check out the ma memories road show  a community based statewide digital history project  when i get home.
Can't we all just hit a bong?
in my Rodney King voice
Panthers win on the road...
good stuff
I'm about to call you now then real quick
You should walk over the the woodoctorff!
that sounds AWESOME..yhu deserve the best yhur very talented nd pretty plz follow
: Darren needs to shut the fuck up
Done with taxes!
As in...over it!
Im So sorry / .
I can message him on FB And tell him you said Hi.
How long ago?!
Finally made an instagram account.
Too bad I didn't get on board earlier to share all the sports photos but I will now!
Follow me lcmayer32
A Surprise with Birthday Cake from my sweet sister Thank u :
You too, Deborah.
I'm a great admirer of your work.
Yes, John is a very dear friend.
I just saw him last weekend, in fact!
I have also told clients their idea won't work.
They don't like it.
I
I'm not sure the various factions of faithless have any better a chance of consensus, than those who believe in a creator...
oh yeah!
So do you want to go?
I know you can convince Jon.
It's what a proper DC winner would do.
helping chris cook is funny
You are so close its not even funny!
Good guessing.
We are going to be at 21st and J at 6pm.
At The doctorveIn back together?!?!
yes it is.
Just have to run a program on the iPhone to jailbreak it.
I know all the tricks .
lol is that suppose to be a RT?
Haha
why would you block me Richard?
can't we play a bit of Twitter Tuishou , a bit of
nah that wasn't at alibi, it was at The Place.
shit is baffling right?!
Powered through Changless and Blameless in the past two days.
WHAT DO I READ NOW?
Oh yeah, textbooks :
As hard as I try to care about the World Cup, games with scores of 00 and 11 don't get me hyped.
Double Yum!
It's funny how people turn out to be little fucking bitches
A Training Needs Analysis is used to assess an organizations training needs.
The root of the TNA is the gap analysis.
Skrillex tweeting about sports is so strange...I'm having the same reaction that I did when was talking about sports at TBOX
Damnit blues.
Come on Thunder, save my sports night!
Turn up the music.
Live tweeting from Colorado ILL conference.
Preconferences today  CLiC this morning, Prospector this afternoon.
I want to and it's the hunger games
make it out to The 6th Branch with RTD on the memo line and we'll take it from there...
Thanks!
DEFINITIVELY DECIDED.
I'M NOT POSTING HERE NO MORE, NEITHER AM I RESPONSIBLE FOR ANYONE OR THINGS HENCEFORTH HERE PUBLISHED.
Will the revolution be tweeted  going to UW lecture tonight to find out..
just snuck a 20 pc chicken meal into the movie Think Like a Man nothing to add.
HE'S BACK.
RT : Crazy to think that 10 years ago I signed my letter of intent to go to Butte Community College
let's not forget John Ritter!
hope the tacos were great.
I still feel mean for teasing the Doc.
about his tie hopefully we will meet again  I'll apologize
i got that thug in love.
Need new music?
Touch, Endless Summer, Any Way the Wind Blows Country Life!
Nicholas Sparks is a genius 3
20ThingsAboutMe 12.
I have been 2 or 3 times to the princible office this year for stupid things!
I love courtney smith to death:
My foot is falling asleep ..
its quite a disturbing feeling
i would pay  to meet at sdcc.
in fact, i've got 25 in my wallet right now with their name on it
Everyone wants the truth but no one wants to be honest
John, Obama sent Planes to stop killing Mulsms why don't he stop the killing of Christns?
eluna09 Of the new Tomcat WebVoyage, Paul Asay thinks Exlibris got it rightindustrial grade code he calls it!
And totally customizable.
Love it :
Can't.stop.staring.at.my.BG.
so freaking hot
World Parkinson's Day is in one day  PDF Research Advocates are raising awareness about study participation.
What are your plans?
Just laying down, trying to sleep, when Ayy Ladies comes on shuffle.
I blame  .
i would wait till the iPhone 5 comes out in October
shutup lol it wasnt nothin nasty and i got a new phone after breakin my old phone so ItsAllGood and plus she liked my songs
Project is live.
Beta days.
Really proud of for being fing smart and making awesome shit.
If, just if, there is no God, people have sure been wasting their/our time over some ultradogmatic bullshit.
Ha!
Awesome.
Clean clothes!
Yeah!
no way!
yow.
sessions to hill.
I pledge I will accept myself  others, recognize our shared humanity  respect our unique voices.
Pls pledge w/ us.
At the dentist.
long sleeve!
Nice blog article!
he said offensively
this month!
I'm ready for a reread  it was so good!
I've got abt 3 doz stickies marking fav passages  lines.
Re: Narcopolis
Heehee!
RT : Somewhere in Seattle, there is a witch in a sleigh feeding an angry British boy Turkish Delight.
Learn to think.
Nailed it, Paul.
waves back good!
You?
just watched your play's trailer!
Looks great!
Massive congrats from across the pond!
is the game on radio at all
What a beautiful day here in San Francisco!!
How are you enjoying the 75 degree, sunny weather?
Good morning!
Waiting to hear from a client who is in labor is nervewracking!
Now I know what I put my photog through in January....
;
UGH!
JB's last tweet used 'alot' again!!
frustrated!!
I keep telling him!!
I Also Danced With A LOT Of Peoplee x
How High?
real high!
I swear dude I will kill u haha but I think he is undercover
don't forget the goods :
because it's fun
thats what I wish for all the time...
Skinnydipping in primordial ooze!?
I'm there!
This will be the last week to win before we go on hiatus.
We will be back with more hunt in a few weeks.
RT
Wish I was at the pc game instead of class :
I'm curious
ima cocaine cowboy.
you gonna play kickball for team shuckeyducky?
We gonna practice tomorrow at 5 at Highview park off outer loop
Cannot seem to escape from the word curation lately.
During this week in 1862 BG Grierson was on a mission to support MG U.S.
Grant's Vicksburg Campaign.
His objective: Rebel supply lines.
Going to be a fun year for Reds fans.
Happy Passover!
Happy Easter!
Happy Weekend!
Steve Stricker to tee off in the first round of The Players in one hour with Rory McIlroy and Phil Mickelson.
CBIS is smoking now up 13 from our alert
Well, sure, but those are interesting.
Two more beautiful days to hang out with in Chicago!
yep, mine is here...it'll be gone by Sunday
Thanks for doctorppin new single Show Out ft.
Shawty Lo Shameiks label Bad Newz Ent.
cool meetin ya..
crittenden hospital in the er
Yum!
RT : eating the most delicious ceviche and tomato avocado salad.
You are missing out.
Carrot cake or coconut pie for Thanksgiving?
Yes, I still ended up listening to it on repeat.
I am so predictable to myself.
you're amazing , just the way you are .
; goodnight : text me .
Eventprofessor  unique mentoring environment SMB success!
It's more than networking, it's abt creating relationships
Austin is losing followers now.
Fast.
Thanks
go crash at my place.
It's peacefully quiet there.
Well, atleast my dogs are, can't speak for the neighbor dogs.
:/
Personally it's not about religion...
It's about relationship!
la lala la...
going out tonight
happy hour tomorrow?
Thanks TO for keeping me in first place on my FF team.
Team Asian Sensation!
Can't wait to make Milwaukee Purple tomorrow night!
Don't miss out!
The halfoff Groupon deal for the Best of the City Party tickets ends today!
Thank you for the FF!!!
I wish he didn't have to work tonight
hahah this guy
Amazon just released its new Kindles.
The pricing is pretty sweet.
Offically not in the mood now
my headphones are fucking up 
Yay !!
So happy for you!
Called the Gov of Missouri, posted this to Facebook and retweeted.
We'll do our part from CA to MA to help.
TY for the great conversation.
Have a wonderful weekend!
come to SXSW SINCE YOU TX...
Thanks for letting me know.
I do want to see it.
:
Good job by the to bounce back with the W today.
Heyy sweetiehope all is well with you!
Sounds like animals may be what she's been dating.
But that could be offensive to real animals.
Welcome back Javier.
We hope you are having a great night!
Check out this quiz!!!
It will help you see how vulnerable your marriage is to infidelity.
www.familyandlifesolutions.com
Is that the subway under the church in library mall?
I frequented there.
About to start my book!
Almost as exciting as a sample sale.
Samuel L.
Jackson narrates my life tho RT : morgan freeman reads to me
Very sweet to know I can comfort my dog who's scared of the rain  after all the comforting she does for me
RT : Were wrapping up trainchat in about 5 min.
Q5  Any final thoughts or examples of successful training design?
I saw it too, really cool!
Do you know where to find the practice round tee times for those playing practice rounds tomorrow?
and all the SeaMonkeys following both of you.
That was Fernando.
gorgeous ensemble!
UNLV?
Come on...
Hello Mary Beth, I enjoyed every episode of Food Network Star.
Best wishes in your writing and cooking career.
Make sure and RSVP to our tour dates, we are so fucking excited to meet all of you!
I love LOVE Stronger Got it on repeat I think she read my diary  made my soundtrack album lol Thank you KC
Thanks Definitely still Purdue proud, but that was one of those where a blowout perhaps would've been easier to handle, haha.
The is like Big Daddy Kane in that he gets the job done.
Happy New Year's Eve all!!
hello :D
www.iheartchaos.com/post/3745552633/theyear2000asenvisionedintheyear1910 We would've never guessed.
: however has his own hashtag, INhack ..
important to note
Thanks!
I have scaled back since our last one.
FLOPPY ASS BULLSHITT JAMES IS A BIGG PUSS..
Totally agree!
Was waiting for the laugh.
Just passed John Tesh at CVS on Ventura.
That dude is taller than I am.
RT : RT : I get the sense that Zuckerberg would absolutely vote for Obama if he were of legal age.
me too brotha!!
Hell yeah 400 hurdles will prepare us like crazy bro!!
You doin it?
And my Balls are fucking Huge
Jeremy Lamb hits a big 3 for UConn  they take the lead
Noo!!
I was soo embarrassed!!
Like he won't ever let me live it down..
U know how coaches r
Thanks!
RT : I think does.
: Anybody out there know stuff about vintage typewriters?
Hope you had a great presentation at pubcon.
Loved following along.
SouthwestAirSale need to watch out for terrorists more.
these are ma magic shoes!
I'll call you, or call me!
Hopefully I won't devour all the creme eggs for our hunt!
ha!
Faith will keep you doing.
Even when u don't know what you're doing.
Faith will keep u going.
Even when u don't know where you're going...
Only one more hour until Happy Hour!
See you here?
Thanks for the tweet!
RT : I'm all for breastfeeding, it's up to every mom how long they want to go for.
Are people really using the Facebook Enemy app?
Kind of stupid in my opinion.
People waste too much time on negativity these days.
thanks for RT.
will anyone listen?
sigh I want someone cute to text.
Favorite vid is now the newest with love EVOLUTION 3
lol he never tells me until after
Why is pvtaughtme trending?
cool  will check it out : CV
RT : God only gives three answers to prayer: 1.
'Yes!' 2.
'Not yet.' 3.
'I have something better in mind.
no.
this girl needs to eat a sandwich
national spelling bee semifinals...let the sudden death throw down commence.
CRASH on Ramp from I5 NB to I84 EB is now cleared
got into the biggest argument with one of my best friends at school today.
I am DONE with all the doctorma.
Very cool!
Love the Out Of The Cellar record.
Love your voice and Warren De Martini's guitar work on Back For More.
Hey, anyone out there have an invite to Google .
I reviewed the demo it looks awesome so now I want in!
have any ideas?
i'm just gonna stay home.
make my mom's mother's day gift.
I saw the first part of that the other night.
So good, but so frustrating.
2 Cody I Heard Ur Getting Sick That True!?I Think I Know How!
I Think U Getting Sick By Surfing Cold Water!
What an ugly bra, take it off.
I forgot to charge my phone last night.
well it might work to your advantage, considering I actually know you : go for it!
Thanks for RT!
Hope you enjoyed the post about cultures of collecting
Ha, I like that you like my tired face.
Also, you can't see it in the pic but my necklace counteracts the monochrome.
Hip Hop will always have my heart!!!
To find mister Right you gotta go threw mister Wrong!
Yes, doctorVE is on instant.
Yes, you look like a real asshole in that jacket.
thanks for the shoutout!
well if you would have said this yesterday or watched tv you would have saved 5
KansasCity Chiefs...
I told everyone in my office to bet their homes KC last week...
How many new millionaires will I meet tomorrow?
Jack White is so cool
Sorry I'm so slow lately.
I daydoctoram constantly  sketch a lot.
: Always thinking about the next art piece.
I KNOW IF I GO I'LL GO AFTER SCHOOL SO AROUND 4:30
I been on just not tweeting u
lust for life , got the fake ish in the rearview
Thanks for the Retweet!
banana froyo with hot fudge and pecans...delicious!
Joe Hachem Becomes New Ambassador of the Asian Poker Tour
Time to let go of the past and make my own future come to life
I love the craft party song/video it is very fun!
Ah cool!
That will be a blast!
Viewing proofs!
Yay!!
:D
prove it
im fuckinq tired
Good luck sweetie, you're going to need it...
Seems that Literature Depts replacing English and foreign lang depts  excellent in theory but potentially disastrous in practice
sucks to suck
www.KINGOFFITTEDS.com 31 off New Era Fitteds Coupon Code thirtyone this weekend only
a woman that loves her mother will cherish her mate..
And vise versa :
Looking for a full time admin asst.
If you know of anyone looking, please have them message me
Bike riding  which always reminds me that I should be in better shape.
Have you seen any crowd size estimates?
This has got to be 100k
a man with springs on his shoes just walked by my office.
I'm a little bit in love with my new E PC 1005HA.
Only problem with its design is the spacebar is a little too short.
Ill be at work if y'all need me :
I got a lot to do today,and my least favorite thing to do is house cleaning.
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
Winston Churchill
that's a very good point.
But quality of women to take out on dates undoubtedly much better in NYC
Seventh inning stretch.
Time to pick my wedgie
Guy who got me the shot bought me a pink rose.
This has been a great evening.
hey all!
Back and in action!
miss you!
Hope you've been doing great : Have a good night!
Your creepy clown/puppet background is really scary!
Ah!
And I miss you.
You know how PeeWee Herman married fruit cocktail?
I'd marry ' peanut butter cup cake.
It's about to be a very very bad day...
And thank you!
Looking forward to the tweets!
Up and coming DC area fine artists!!
contact us if you are interested in submitting your work for gallery shows.
Hopefully, in that backpack there's no vial of that FootinMouth Disease potion Bron McTarded has been swilling.
Yeah.
Okay.
I wanna meet some more people  Who wants to be friends ?
'And then,' said Satan, 'I will schedule Set It Off  Warped Tour on the same day!'
Boobs: Proof that men can pay attention to two things at once.
Oh ohh oh i wanna sex you up c;
Do you want Made in the USA pajamas for your kids?
Check out our website and Thingamajiggies4kids pajamas.
Sucks when plans get canceled 
I like to think so.
I'm not sure my financial advisor shares my enthusiasm, though...
Noah is beautiful!
Shares his name with my awesome nephew.
: I'm follower 40 on Pinterest, too.
You're terrific, thank you!
RIP Dean you will be missed
Sorry to lose you as a follower...
STILL has a sore throat  could this be strep?!
Get thee to a physician....
Wanted just came on my tv !!
:
Ah!
I'm glad I asked, then!
Great to hear!
So happy you enjoyed FOOD  ART!
I think it's just as bad when museum people describe archives, e.g.
a diary as ink on paper.
HEY COUPLES!!!
WE'RE ALL WAITING FOR SOMETHING MORE ORIGINAL..BABE ISNT CUTTING IT!
I don't know the MMA game well enough to answer that.
I just know Kennedy wants to fight the best.
my evaluation is its not done ?!
what shiz needs a day to rest before beerolympics..DISQUAlIFIED!
Failing to prepare is like preparing to fail.
On the GC doctornkin
Um, that
Got dat girl talk with ma girl Eva.
Good morning!!
Working until noon.
Didn't forget my coffee this morning, good start to the day.
I'm not passionate about it, but I think they are overused and mostly unnecessary.
I mean, it's a link.
Could be just cause I'm mobile, I'll try on the computer when I get my lazy bottom up off the couch.
MSNBC's Lawrence O'Donnell's antiMormon rhetoric is flat wrong and disturbing.
I bet he wouldn't talk about Mohammed in the same way.
Share resources RT : Q.
We have this beautiful community, how can we maximize it so we can all win?
Funny ass night it was just one dem nights
I'm not doing this for only me...
I'm doing it for him to.
Too bad he has NO idea how much I like him.
Spotted my idol, the beautiful and incredibly talented tonite...from across the restaurant.
Thank you sister
TeamOMG start voting for Gucci this Gucci that by tomorrow we want it to be 1 Rt Rt 
Parents: Help your kids be coachable by teaching them to listen.
The problem is that people focus on the present instead of the future....
Coming to the Small Ensembles concert tomorrow night at 8pm in Paul Hall?
Check in on foursquare for discounts on Juilliard Jazz merch!
The granola bar bandit is still on the loose.
Are investigation is in full force, everyone is a suspect.
Everytime I blink gas prices go up 15 cents.
Ugh!!!!
I looked up and some dude was yelling.
I was quite confused, lol.
Just had my 1st how to doctorve a stick lesson.
No stalls!
Encourage active alumni to reach out and mentor students.
customerservice caseindiana alumni would enjoy the opportunity.
Go Future Chefs!
Why This Miami Dolphins Fan is Happy Tim Tebow is Not on the Team
I beat Dayo one on one!!
The action is certainly more realistic than action films, but that was offputting to me.
Partying, Jax Beach style.
rocking out in Austin TX, now in College Station TX
exactly!
Don't mess with TEXAS!
I wish on my witchboard that you win next week!
xox
: RT Hope you can make it...See you there.
My Heart goes with You!!
Also, Chris Denari in studio talking Pacers...a 1on1 with IndyCar winner Will Power...and meet an forward with amazing flow.
Heading down to San Diego in three weeks!
Anybody have a good course recommendation?
Will do!
I have school, conditioning, and work right after ..
If I could take the feeling of pulling up my socks, and spread it all over my body, I'd be the happiest lady in all the land.
you know bro
Just be real with me, because that's what's going to keep you around.
Enjoying a cool STANKY river breeze before 10 hours of mind dulling boredom.
STAAAAAANKY!!!!!
Damn you HBO for all your good shows!!
After trueblood tonight I discovered gameofthrones on demand.
Learned to look for nonverbals in the spoken word during interviews, promos, appearances,etc.Compliments of B.Berger
If she's easy she won't be amazing.
If she's amazing she won't be easy.
If she's worth it you won't give up.
If you give up, your not worthy
Maybe ALA should come to you!
:
Thank you to Boston: Inspirational Women publisher for supporting w/ 
T minus 4 hours til the Mixer!!!
You can still get your tix at the door!
Thx for the mentions and RTs ;
Dear families sitting at Panera blocking the outlets.
I have 1 day...please leave and let me work!
Sincerely a stressed out mom.
Thanks for the retweet, Kristen!
I hope you're doing swimmingly!
I eat so much Fire sauce from Taco Bell that I've memorized all the sayings on the packets.
hey man,whatever works for ya.
Just donated 10 bucks to the Barack Obama Campaign For Not Electing Anyone Evil Fund.
Laughter truly is the best medicine.
Spending some time with my girl Jess3
some people are so annoying....time for some tv and sleep
it doesnt snow that much in Texas, but when it does it's really cold and so much fun to play in!:
Next time I won't plant a tissue wad in the V.I.P.
room when corporate stop by.
I'm headed that way now.
I mocked Matthews to the Ravens in round 3....nice call...love his game and hands...great body control
If knowing who you are is hard then how can you express yourself?
possibly buy a mirror and find ur image....
L0L
Must have stabbed her fifty fucking times, I cant believe it,Ripped her heart out right before her eyes,Eyes over easy,eat it eat it eat it
Was at the game last night ...
you could definitely tell it was still bothering him
I could die today, but would it matter anyway?
We're at customer Cox Business' session on it's Xactly implementation.
What questions do you have about implementing salescomp?
Find great events at www.tournamentscoop.com
Thoughts n' prayers to Adam Yauch's family.
followed me:D3 :'
absolutely the worst
Can't wait for it to storm tonight!!
Yeah, you know: neutral.
I thought everyone knew that.
Where?!
is there a new video or something ?
lmao
Next year.
lmfaoo that's why we always stop talking LOL
Great practice guys!
Let's do it again next week and get better every week.
In other news, sales in Apple products are going to grow absurdly high for the next few months.
then you die cause one zombie can make 100
Just realized that My yelp badges say a lot about Me.
if anyone is a working PA needing a gig tomorrow, I might have a job for you!
hit me up...
Was just thinking about you : how you been lady?
We start filming again in April.
Great work tonight
are you doing littlefield again this week?
Tony Krantz sold 20yr old ER script by billing it from creators of Jurassic Park.
i got my little guitar.
its so cute :D
Man there are certain things girls in skirts shouldnt do
Yes, I believe that's where it comes from.
Can you confirm?
You will have to shoot me a message all about it.
Let's try to Skype sometime brother
My husband and I both heard the shots.
We live just up the hill.
5 shots.
Crazy for lil' MV.
tough enough to run for prez, or just to critisize and critique from afar.
you're welcome :D
When you dont know how to pronounce a characters name in a book so you just substitute in your own jibberish word in your head.
Now THAT's my kinda priority!
Right there with ya!
;
7daysofsex was actually hilarious
Had a blast wit my fam tonite, got tipsy...goodnight tweethearts!!
Talk a good game all you want to but all that isn't seen counts for sht
congrats to you both!
I would talk in iambic pentameter if it were easier.
Thx 4 not stopping to look for the truth!
But maybe we need someone who is nuts not a robot.
Nice interview w/the Judge.
All you say is I'm sorry it's this way...
The only person I want is you .
Daamnn I swear if I could write a paragraph about you on twitter I would .
:
HEY...
FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER...
I ALSO HAVE A FACEBOOK PAGE..
THATS ALEXIS TODD ORIGINAL SUPERSTAR PAGEANT FAN PAGE.
LOOK ME UP  LIKE PG.
RT You can't exercise your way out of an unhealthy diet, and you can't diet your way out of an unhealthy lifestyle KG
Longest.
Meeting.
Ever.
getting better.
I ride around the city streets at night.
I'm not hood at tricks by any means, but just riding I do great.
Ladies and gentlemen, its been a long wait but WE ARE BACK FROM HIATUS.
3 We missed you fizzyfamily and of course 3
boo hope you and red are havin fun
Last call get your scores in, guess spurs/clippers halftime score to win a deucebrand watch...Enter Now!!!
Looks like there's a chance for a rainy/slushy Indianapolis for SB Weekend.
Anything is better than last's year's ice storm in Dallas!
are you me, are you me, thought you knew about the team, aye.
going to Ireland soon:D
thank you for the mention !
DNC chairwoman: Trump, Romney both like firing people.
there's proof that a , makes all the difference
2mins left wow!!
Please pick me :
Stretches Should've known it wouldn't be that easy as I wished she would make it Well, Lord show me my armor, we've got a fight to win 
CHINA TOMORROW SO EXITED
No problems, don't work too hard.
Hope you find some time to relax.
OH NO MACIE NOT NO DESSERT
Shaq retired?
I forgot he still played.jkjk still have love reserved for ya, I mean you did help us to Championship in 05  this year :
my fav so far has got to be OneWayTicket but I love them all
They'll be available at the event!
Then we'll tar  feather 'em!
RT : RT : POTUS: Voters will run GOP out of town if they are a donothing Congress
I think he does.
Today i was in time square and meet and 33 you guys made my day!!
Thank u so much!!
33
RT : If someone sends you 5 texts in a row, and you don't respond, that's basically going to be their suicide note.
I have a callback for the Wild Turkey commercial and a new one for Schick tomorrow...Thanks Nancy Chaidez Agency!
Just realized how many times I've said Massive since loving One Direction.
LLN too many!
Call me crazy.
Upset!
It frees you from doing things you dislike
He told me he will never leave us, I told him to come back.
He said he never left...
It wasn't just a doctoram to me...
Tuesday is here, are you setting up an outbound campaign or telesale center?
Call us to get help 866.460.6611
it really is.
Lol
I'm the kinda girl that would love to be yours if you'd ask me too!
3
openbrainsurgery in anatomy class.
still
babe dont worry about him
well, they are not hard on the eyes...
and therefore there are a lot of tweets going out  with photos.
Snow is general all over Chicagoland.
HEY.
Renaissance fairs are cool.
Brooke's gown looks like a wedding doctorss Oo
I hear is giving surfing lessons tomorrow.
I'll be there!
Bestfriend graduating and then seeing my gf later tonight3 awesome day so far :
I haven't made my mind and I don't think this is right but I'm loving another  I think ..
I do
Did you read on news, supplements are not good for older women?
I gave up them long time go.
Just eat your apple!
Today reached a milestone  1000 followers!
Thank YOU for following this Twitterfeed on Jews, the arts, and Jewish culture.
Go for your doctorams.
Live for YOU !
I would like to have one, just ONE, good morning.
ONE.
At least I know will the day will improve thanks to and mel.
having sex inside the car triggers me...
Excuse me one of three.
Harris Ranch, Taste of India, and Pea Soup Anderson's.
chemistry has us grindin man.
We can't all be journalism majors
why can't I see him!!
Thanks a lot
part of it is just..
the contrast between how i used to be and the fact that i had no idea they had a new album coming out
WhenBlackPeoplePlayMonopoly I scream yolo and buy all the properties til im bankrupt
Tomorrow night is 80's night...
going to the thrift stores tonight
my daydoctorams are tangled w you, that coloured disco ball light strolling slowly around made me think of slow dancing...
your forgiving eyes.
I'll keep my shit protected for a week, see if that works .
Wouldn't that make you more of a hooter?
They do a Jane Eyre every year...
sheesh!
thank you!
Love you!
Franklin Pierce
Do you have chloe following you
Chilling n lex town...hitting tha club up..Holla
As you go out tonight remember that DJs are performers, not personal jukeboxes.
Who would like to see Matt Wayne and Company produce a new album in the next few months?
MWCo Mgmt
Wide awake...
great minds....
House Energy  Water Committee released preliminary FY13 weatherization funding at 54.5 million, down from 68 million last year
Damn that's a nice, round ass.
Def would love to tongue fuck your hole.
...
I sent an email back asking for your addoctorss to send the shirt to you....
Please pray for the health of my father.
He was rushed to the emergency room early this morning.
just kidding haha
when did u call I've been on a plane skbce early this morning tests way it was off.
U could of texted
Can a nice glass of wine really make things better?
happy earthday don't forget to recycle your beer cans from last night
Why?
What is your skin tone?
Did you fart?
Lmao
um fine then ur uninvited to church haha jk
BestPickUpLines Are you from Tennessee?
Cause you're the only TEN I see
of course i have work when its gorgeous out
I like your style sir.
Attending a conference on building local biz movement in northern California.
lol well thank you :
Since has not been resurrected, we decide to take matters into our own hands!
The tradition must continue!
: We'll wait until they quiet down....might be awhile.
LexingtonPoliceScannershitiswild
Come to our information session October 6th from 6:157:45 at the Orleans Street Library!
For more details/to RSVP visit www.casabalt.org
Can't wait to get home and sleep :P lol
I'm so bored and so hungry
SELENA GOMEZ BIRTHDAY TODAY WE GAVE A GIFT THANK YOU SELENA
is Crabtree even doctorssed?
He's the Ochocinco of the NFC.
RT : It isn't okay that there's a movie based on Battleship starring Rihanna.
That is a thing that is not okay.
climbing wall in Los Angeles....
Any suggestions on a good one, preferably with plenty of bouldering..!!!
Thanks all
The certs.
and language professorciencies are sometimes missing.
Get the flick 
Wow...did that Mullen racism story explode or what?
I luv it.
Where did you find it at???
me either.
I feel better!
Stretching works!
round 2 for next week?
I have to clean my desk.
Backhoe or match?
Ok great, can you DM his   or his email addy..
Thx,....
Orphanz
Gabriel Hirsch is one of the premier bands of Berlin!
Can't believe my little bro and cousins  are going to be seniors.
Hell hot guy with his shirt off...
Wait, we're in class.
WHY IS YOUR SHIRT OFF.
well I'm not going to complain ;
Turns out canned tomato soup is a passable sub for pasta sauce when you add the right spices.
Kitchen wizard!
Ok cool :...are you enjoyin this beautiful weather 2day
ill be by there later
Sick and in pain
Where did you see it?
Stepped away for a while.
What'd I miss?
What's this about?
I gotta say that stung a little.
To each his own
These ladies are serious about supporting Mamas!
RT : WOW!
Thanks so much!!!!!!
When I correct you, and you get mad,  .....
It's for YOUR own good, stupid ass.
.
I didn't know Josh Groban was a contestant on
Omg monster energy doctornks are like crack only 3 sips now havn heart palpitations, and shakin like Pookie on NewJC
It's not finished, but I have a full sketch with voice and orchestra framework up to the last bar.
My grandpa thinks its ok to get in the car without his keys forgetting something?
w/ Fresh, flavorful Laotian Crispy Rice Salad at our Holiday Gathering.
Go to Falls Church  give Chef Seng a hug from us!
but, didn't you play by the rules?
hey Jeff, really enjoyed your panel just now and would love to catch up and chat.
Are you around during the break?
you're on a tweeting frenzy.
Lol
The greatest thing from talking with mom today is that I found out dad was the one who gave me the name Katie.
:
you imply that you normally give cocktails to childoctorn.
HEY LOU!
IF YOU FOLLOW ME I'LL TURN YOU INTO A ZEBRA SO YOU CAN PERMANENTLY HAVE STRIPES.
:3
My babys meeting with the surgeon today.
:/
The Scandinavians are winning everything.
Like so many Vikings pillaging the
S/O To All My Followers, Thanks For The Support
just installed xmarks for chrome.
life is sweet.
What about Horror/Comedy?
Seems more unlikely, but just as common.
Easier to scare people after they've laughed?
yeah, nuts.
and make a damn sandwich yourself dude.
you can buy a pound of ham for price of 2 lunchables.
As sure as spring will follow winter, prosperity and economic growth will follow recession.
Bo Bennett, Motivational Speaker
A womens heel in the club is deadly to a man!
last night a bitch stepped on my boot, hurt like a bitch, felt like some1 shot me in da foot
thanks girl, me too!!
I still sometimes can't believe I wasn't doctoraming it :D
waiting for you to follow your biggest fan so i could cross it off my bucket list;
My life have taught me one vital thing and that is: I came into this world alone.
I shall leave it alone.
And, if I have to live in it alone
when are you going to notice me?
:/
did u get to catch any of co hawks 15's?
If so thoughts ?
It was the shirt :
hey bud, I need a favor.
Could you spare 5 minutes sometime today to talk Moscato with us?
Launching a new FB ad campaign.
Whoa.
Your Tweets are uh.
NOTICABLE...
xD
A new empathic approach used in one high school.
Great results!...
got u
thanks for the follow !
Great website  fond memories of the Mozart clarinet concerto...
Good Luck to all students having Chinese tests and Oral exams!
Josh hutcherson  jennifer lawrence.
You're killing me here.
ohmygod.
Im so embarrassing lmao so dumb
Be great to have a onestop virtual library for all these new digital maps, with all the content they index.
haha guess it's going to be a long semester then lol ;
Tho, with the AQ going away, I see the only reason to leave as money.
And if that doesn't come thru, well, it's a mistake to go
don't leave the one you love for the one you like blah blah blah...
Awesome, I hope everyone enjoyed!
Still awake.
thanks!
You too, where can I find your music?
absolutely!
the fun just STARTS at 7!
RT : this event tonight can I get there after 7?
Terri Gender Bender from literally almost just got arrested in the middle of their set.
Long story.
But rad.
really?
Aw thank you so much!!
:
You're welcome!
RT : Cardamom Latte, thank you,
Looking forward to a Wisconsin Fish Fry tonight with Brandy Old Fashions!
I've had third lunch all week
Thanks, Jim.
Happy Thursday!
is it me or are BLUECHIPS hating on the FACEBOOK IPO?
strange to see haters in Corporate America, LOL!
It's better that way
I 3 NSHSS 
Had an opportunity to pray for a homeless brother named Terry.
ETTS Eyes to the Sky.
May the Lord bless the homeless.
what u guys doing?
I'm trying to follow people that are following me but it isn't sticking.
Weird.
I'm TRYING though!!
In relationships, sometimes the most important part of communication is HEARING what's not being said.
BIG News Coming Very Soon!
has brandon jennings under contract as well as auburn, texas tech and other hoops teams but has no retail hoops shoe to sell
just chillen in advisory laying on the mats wishes advisory was longer that 30 mins
webinvestigators.com and private.investgator.detective.com
Hello to our new followers , , , and !
sweet!
You should catch Queen L on Sat!
Jennifer and Derek so deserved a PERFECT score tonight!
I have no clue what is going through the judges minds?????
About time one of our DJ's got a Twitter.
Everyone make sure to go follow .
Who btw is opening for this Wednesday
Is there a football game on?
U gonna show for my celebrity bar shift today 11AM1PM at next to
Mayor : I will be the first Philly mayor to visit Incheon.
W/i a year.
Try the live baby squid, Mayor, it's a specialty!
The NYT today was all about the World Cup.
Check it
I was watchin all the jersey shore reruns last night lol they was funny thoo lol
Happy, happy, happy Friday!
Did I say happy yet?
Wake up with the
You are so welcome!
one tough Defender
It is sad and incomprehensible how much fear and angst is triggered by a discussion of health care reform these days
America's Best Dance Crew with all routines to doctorke songsSCORE!
PostJuly 4th blues?
Sync yourself into some great reads on your ereader: THAT SUMMER is now 2.99
Actually, it was my ex girlfriend.
Now I just need Bunny to cut me a check for 100k and this all goes away.
Graduation party tomorrow
School's out!
Share fun activities you and your kids are doing over the holiday break...
:
enjoying a bowl of chicken noodles, while opening up new metros...
busy day!
been on the phone most of the time...
i can't wait for tuesday!
NYC in summer is a Bikram yoga studio for 8 million.
Hot sweaty people contorting themselves to fit into small spaces.
I wouldn't want him
We gotta start praying for our family members
If loving waffles is wrong, we don't want to be right.
Don't worry  its a request not a requirement
Not a chance, we got this in the bag!!!
You know how horribly flawed I am.
Bree to Tripp.
I don't want to love an ideal, I want to love a real person.T to B
Don't worry if you didn't win this time around!
We will be giving away more gift cards in the next few weeks!
my pay it forward: I bought a former colleague lunch and lent him my ear after a recent layoff.
bad times ahead for this good guy.
Ha, so true!
Warming up and stretching...
Just posted a few new shows.
Check them out!
Valid point  planning on it!
Devotion is more than just saying you love the Divine...
You must become that love, see that love in all things, and be the act of loving.
Love that song!
If you think you can or you think you cant, youre right.
Henry Ford
: Yes!
And, like, yeah, man.
RT : she totally looks like Janice from the muppets.
bachelor Yes!
Ha!
Thanks for the RT of my post  and thanks for producing so much great info!
hi Beth just wanted to say I love you you are amazing and I wish I were as strong as you you are a role model
We're close to launching our video on inspiration.
Stay tuned!
mom brought home five boxes of dunkaroos
tripped transistor lapses, I touch / the body, eclectic / and my hands reach out the eyes / transposing silently the veins of sleep
hahahah soon, we will go soon.
lol
Major Obama Donor Under Investigation by SEC Over Payments to the Chinese  In addition to being the largest single donor
Howard Cossell: DOWN goes Frazier, er uh, Facebook!
The fun police just raided my loft.
: RETWEET if you're ONLINE!
I'm giving shoutouts to everyone who follows HURRY!!
: done.
Check out the new single off Where Giants Roam.
Let us know what you think!
you cant die!
We got shit to do this weekend
Pissed off at you.
who do they play?
thanks, playboy!!
thinking of doctorpping iPhone in favor of doctorID, ATT killin me because of service.
thoughts?
I dnt ask fa much...but 2chill n have a good time!!!
So y is it so hard 2 find mii misterRight?
The next show replay is Tuesday on Root Sports  I believe 5:30pm.
Oh, okay.
Um, I invented PostIts.
We've had Farley for almost 3 years...
got him a few months after we got married...
and he's not fat, just bigboned ;
I'm such an idiot.
I bought the wrong strings!!!
I still can't change my default :
Today I got lunch at Calexico Cart, someone shot me with a Nerf dart, and we had an officewide cookie decorating party.
I heart
Enjoying our first real day in San Fran!
Thanks to  for watching the house, dog and most importantly Caroline!
I'm playing at The Jam session tonight at The Grand Bohemian in Orlando 8:00  11:00
happymothersday to all the mothers, the expecting mothers, pet mommies  the sexy mamis of the world!
haha you sure did!
What's your name?
Im Ashley!3
Lick me like the end lick me like it's the end of the cone!
I sure hope so!!!
yay, it's officially the day when we can spoil the Hunger Games movie for everyone who wasn't quick enough to see it yet!!!
Botulinonia: sex with a sausage.
i will make sweet love to one day.3
this music shit isn't done overnight..
ii meant tu put who watched dha bad girls club last nite ..!!
Nice, GLOC!
RT : we need to hook up so i can co produce this!
good luck to you all!
I know there are a lot of veteran hockey media guys, but with media companies looking to get younger and cheaper
I hope so too
Just Got Banged On , Soo I Guess I'll Go To Sleep Now !
Learning about Twitter with Lexi Kavanaugh right now.
She knows what's up!
holy crap i did not know this.
Good morning YOUNG,WILDFREE
This week we've got TheKingsSpeech, Rango plus the new Matt Damon thinkerthriller,
Thanks, Malcolm!
RT : I gave ten bucks to Keith's Campaign!!
Mike miles from harrison school district 2 in Colorado Springs testifying in support of house bill 1238
Dt Bars tonight
Going to the airport early in the morning.
We!
: 60 bands performing for FREE at Superbowl village.
OAR dierksbentley learn more www.indianapolisSuperBowl.com
Who is going to win the game tonight
What's your favorite yarn website?
Yo, this skull guy from captainin America is mad scary.
if not, see us at the Gorge for Watershed!
: 
I have one in my purse.
Forward down the field!
humblebrag :Was just rearended because the guy in the doctorve thru line behind me was checking out my wife as she walked by
are you still playing KROQ Weenie Fest?
Buying tix next week
thanks for checking us out.
Let us know what you think.
Wtf RT : O!!!!
Wow....
niggas be looking too.
smh RT  Halle Berry's stunt double, in the movie Catwoman, is a man.
perfect day to go to the beach 
Thanks for last night's enjoyable member gettogether.
It was fun to meet more chapter folks!
My wife just referred to her butthole as the brown biscuit.
Finally got to see game of thrones, the first two episodes of the new season.
I don't remember stannis doing that in the books....
they are so fun!
Try to go when you can.
: plus you get to see in person ;
HowCanYouExpect people to respect you, when you don't do the same to other ...
you gotta give it to get it...
The awkward moment when the person who is cutting your hair says oops
MT Ravens Suggs on ESPN: Why don't you like my quarterback, Skip?
Is it his mustache?
Is it his eyebrows?
Awesome
Didn't hit the jackpot.
But I did make some money tho and got pretty good at Roulette
couldn't get waveburner to work with my 002...
why you gotta mess my system up : jk
If it works, you realize I'll have to hire you every time I audition?
;
//lol Aw man!
HowToPissAFemaleOff tell me I'm overreacting.
Care to die?
m nice honey
This is a Calling, Emerson Grey, Avindale, Takes South By Storm,  Tides of Ruin; Friday October 15  Bethel Church 6301 Alabama, 6:00, 5!
your friend is cutee
Yay watching a movie
RT : The Hometown Tourist digs Maryland, archeologist tourism in the Free State about 1:40 pm Friday
welcome to Twitter lmaoo
DOH that's right.
Candlestick!
Watching a movie w/my family, then bed.
Night world!
there's a shell station with one in reseda on white oak right off the exit
aww, poor baby!
It's no fun...it's gotta be the change in weather and allergies combined..
Spent some money on Tribes:Ascend
the king of all photos ;
no doubt!!
Couldn't be more proud of our vice president and his stance on gay marriage!
then they should have no say about anything!
Nikon's D800 outclasses all others in sensor test  CNET
Great time on Saturday at the Gasparila festival in Tampa.
Our annual founder's day tradition.
Slave to the bills.
THIS it the COOLEST shop ever!!!
Must Must get one!!
THANKS MARCI!
LET US KNOW WHAT YOU WANT!
You know what's not so fun?
Planning a day's worth of food for a whole conference while getting over food poisoning.
what about it?
Haha
well yeah, but after that !
haha and mommy was looking so forward to seeing you!!
she was kinda happy 
KDAY's 4:20 programming is so on point
same...
who are you going with tue?
i haven't planned this well.
Brian can sigh in relief  Steven Tyler is engaged:
I read : Sorry I was off :/ a little busy
I am having a great Vday
The Tigers are becoming the cardiac cats again.
Hammed in a shuttle oh
Want a tangible reminder to be an Upstander?
Send us a SASE.
We'll send you a penny card, w/ info on 1 child who died in the Holocaust.
Finding out more and more things about avon girls that i thought were perfrectly good....
Wrong!
Happy Mothers Day!!
Hope it was a good one!
it's bad enough reading about chocolate souffle 1st thing in the AM, but is the chocolate icing banner really necessary?
I had coffee Patron just now and it was SICK!
Never again.
I don't want my hair to grow anymore
the inside GOV Center sucks!
The one inside North Station gives 3/4 cup of coffee to save cah :
50 cent ain't a rapper who got shot nine times, it's the fuckin price we pay, when we eat on wing night!
Anybody smoke American Spirit cigarettes?
They any good?
eating sausages
roc u being sexy
you post some of the best internship opportunities.
Thanks for the continuous updates!
: I have a list of questions...I need to ask the perfect person, !
I apprieciate it Honey, but I am far from perfect
Muffins, queso, enchilada dip, and iFratelli pizza all by 1 p.m.
Not a good day to be my pants, man.
yup,  it's your fault!
who gives a fuck about all that?
Get over it bro
Fall programs are underway.
Peer groups, respite care, community outings, and parent education in the Los Angels area!
We still have space!
this has been the best season because of Britta!
Thanks to for the follow.
Text messaging is a great way to keep clients up to date with schedules and special offers!
American Girl Readers Club will conclude with Cecile and MarieGrace at the Centre Branch on April 26th at 4 p.m.
For girls 8 and up.
texting you
Thanks again to a whole new slew of new Fans!
YOU ROCK!
Thanks for the follow  looking forward to your updates!
If I had a KeurigVue brewer I would call it go go juice
I AM EASILY SWAYED.
Thanks for following.
Nice description, I feel similar about making music.
no way dude.
We already went down that road once.
Too expensive.
Brad Templeton on computing security: We are now automating both good  evil.
Crime can now scale nonlinearly.
Concealed Carry and Castle Doctrine are fine, but we need laws to keep guns out of criminals' hands.
WISH I COULD VOTE FOR PIP 
11 more likes to page status and sale!
lol yes I did
go to tunecore.com and sign up.
it's pretty much the easiest way :
PSA: Community returns tonight!
If you're not part of the audience, you're part of the precipitate!
: Bros graduation tonight!
hey I'll be there too!
Did you know that?
Top floor, dog.
Happy Veterans Day
Can't sleep.
It has nothing to do with the double chocolate cheesecake and coffee I had earlier this evening.
Beautiful holiday.
Now back to work!
!
Vanessa Hudgens kisses guitarist
I enjoy but, come on, it's Jon Hamm everytime.
Always, no matter what.
Nah, you're good.
You're clearly on top of things.
heard that, lol
oh thanks OO
what changed for Rodgers in sf?
Better scheme fit?
my husband runs a lot and LOVES them!
He took them to Afghanistan with him and uses them to run there too :
Another GoKingsGo power play!
Coyotes getting frustrated, taking terrible penalties.
I need to know the details before you put out a press release.
I have other obligations and don't want to put you in a bind.
Aw, there's nothing more adorable than a four year old working through the concept of his own mortality at the dinner table.
Right?
sob
Amen to that!
Four Movie Extras needed as Construction workers error
oh you Portuguese with your magical realism!
Anthem of my heart!.
I love my baby, Tyga.
Fuck I could have cracked that hanging pos , come on hammel
I know you do..
Sleezebag.
House of Sand and Fog was a great movie but geez I need a pick me up now.
nah u guyz r sexier
Why is iris by the goo goo dolls randomly number 1 on iTunes?
Eff it.....oh well
Only one Answer!
rel to Free TV Series onlineMore Tweets
sounds interesting, ill give it a peep!
thx peeps!
No gain without pain.
Have a great workout.
You've got to be kidding????
10thingsaboutme; 7.
I have 2 sister's that are both older than me...:/
WOW!!
Jean Merrill is one of my author heroes.
Plz pass along my best wishes.
I give PW and Tooth.Mill to library custmister often.
didn't read it...lived it.
Show us your independent artists!
It was so nice meeting yesterday at neiman's!
So beautiful!
Gonna catch The Talk later on today!
dont get lost in our huge giant airport lol
Wondering what the Rose Bowl jerseys look like?
I've got a sneak peek at 10...
Seriously contemplating getting banh mi again today.
Chinese museums grappling w issues US museums dealt with in 19th c.
How to define museums?
How to build colls?
But is v.
new wld.
on what?
hahaha
lol yea i know.
U gotta come up
standing outside metro arena waiting for ur sexy ass!
Cos rihanna we found love in a hopeless place!!
Get in woohoo!!
Cnt wait x
Omg .
i know Im not dating him..
I hope not.
But it helps.
There isn't one way.
One way is for religion.
snake selling
Happy Friday and Happy Tweeting !
Dowager Countess should consistently reference Budweiser  Chevy in addition to playing some mean defense.
bad mother.
Dude.
Dude.
You guys.
I'm like, dying for a cupcake.
/munchietalk.
I LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVVVEEEEEE U SO MUCCHHHH TWO
hahah I just like nujabes beats
follow me back King!
its on Henry boulevard in stockbridge
21CRadio Q4 Do you like to get music news directly from artists on social media or do you prefer someone else to do reporting?
Ho ho ho!
Lolpopin.
Just finishing up music for a video game for xbox.
What's the haps with you?
Just took a shower!
Fuck feel
it's how we process a large amount of information in a small amount of time
omg thats adorable :
HELP ME GET MY MOM TO TAKE ME TO PLAYLIST LIVE SO I CAN SEE YOU!!!!!!!!
:D
PARK NICE JZ LOOK AT U NOW
o woow ok thats far whats out there to do?
awesome job Josh!!!
and !
Do you ever see D.
McDonald getting thrown into a trade?
Seems we have plenty of legitimate outfield prospects.
Good luck in Dallas, buddy.
Will miss you behind the plate this season.
Police down town again on Colerain
So I guess wearin whatever you want to wear instead of wearin some shxt erryone is wearin is considered bummy in Newport News..smh
What's good on Netflix ?
I'm thinking a stay in movie night tonight!
Ya did??
Will look again.
Did not see your email!
What if standardize tests are a gateway to an uncontrollable desire to read crappy passages?
Welcome Nancy!
We're glad to have you!
Watching tennis matches all day.
No doctornko de cinco for me 
Great wine and great food  thanks for sharing your favorites!
Does bama dare attempt another FG???
1634 meeting tonight!
I hope that I wont cry but I think Im going be our ET has that affect on people
Hehe.
Will do.
This meal will cost me 1hr of swimming1hr of dancing1hr of walking tom.
But worth it coz foodismyreligion:
I'm good.
Building the new terminal at McCarran Intl Airport LAS.
1/2 mile long...
getting my exercise, for sure..
Weather's nice!
RT Thursday: Marathon reading of Melville's Bartleby, the Scrivener: 60 Wall St, 3PM
A friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same.
Elbert Hubba
I can't wait to leave this town tomorrow..
Good two days resting up hangin with friends.
Big week ahead.
Charlotte I will see u 2morrow and then....ATL!!!
My 2nd home.
justin said
All I wanna do is just smoke doctornk n fuck
'Let's have some new cliches' Samuel Goldwyn
The singer for this salsa band looks like Boris Kodjoe.
M...
RT First words of Easter morning from lips of our resurrected  reigning Lord were, Do not be afraid.
So....//Hope!
Mike and Mike apparently hasn't watched alot of AD themselves.
Lol thank you for that voicemail saying hey bitch wanna get laid tonight?
stfu immature cunts whoever you are.
Decemberists live at Austin City Limits right now.
We have showrooms in Phoenix, Glendale, Scottsdale and Tucson so we are never far away when you need the best lighting options!
Watching Gremlins  forgotten how much I loved this movie.
Bright lights bright lights!
I can't sleep so im just chillin on gif boom making gifs loll
really and so have I, you just got ghost on me like...
damn
Just came back from a walk down the national mall, snow men everywhere!
Love this winter wonderland!
Ok!
Definitely added to reading list.
I don't know what that means...should I keep going?
:p
Great to meet up with looking through his recent shoots.
Only 35for an hours family photoshoot...
Really good value!
please i want a count of vevo ,, i live on peru
Gorgeous Fall day here in
loves Valentines day, where nookie is only a box of chocolates away
whats ur email ?
We can trade !
.
You are an idiot.
Stop while you can still dial a phone.
Then call a friend.
Or a taxi.
I say all pittsburgh is missin is more diversity all thr movies,music,and diff renovations def make a good impact
Your always BEAUTIFUL
Thanks so much, Kate!
Great to hear from you...let's catch up sometime soon.
what is the status of the duval fire.
my house is in that area and i know y'all are having site trouble.
Just did the math and tied for most apps at HackTO with 5 apps each out of a total of 17 awesome apps
I've had a rough night and I hate the fuckin eagles man...
Also trance  techno for grinding, and in general.
Laughing at THAT visual.
I'm not Canadian though so he would be biased against me I'm sure.
My pt is really this: it's a polemic.
He should state I prefer x type of football.
I have a prob with X
They are putting your tweets on the NFL Network.
Im surprised that more people don't recognize you
: these vets need to be employed!
I speak to executives for improved interaction and outreach for awareness and compliance.
Hi Miss Lady, how are you?
Every kid needs someone who is proud of them.
My cousin insists on talking over VIber.
Anybody tried it?
Now made with real cheese .
.
WTF were you using before???
Im.back.twitter.world!
Emails for server status is not a service we offer.
I recommend 3rd party monitoring and have passed along your concerns.
CB
for audio?
Do you have a genre you like?
I told that Guy From Facebook about you.
im really sorry for what I did...
I love you!
Kids Rock!
Today is take your rocker to workall kids get a free ice cream cookie sandwich with the purchase of an adult entree 11a4p.
Will I ever NOT be scared of sleeping alone?
Hey Matt, what does turn out for Friday look like?
The only thing we bring to this relationship with Christ is hunger, He brings everything else.
GET HUNGER!
What a dunk by MKG!
Kentucky up 3224 with 5 minutes left in the first half!
thanks ladies!
Man is it just me or do it seem like everybody on dumb shit 2day?
lol wtf
Pleasure is all mine!
Looking forward to your updates and also joining you at a
Hey!
I've only been using Twitter for a couple of months lol
that wud b me
i have the huge headach
Kourtney and Kim Take New York !
33333333
Do more than belong: participate.
Do more than care: help.
Do more than believe: practice.
Do more than doctoram: work.
The awk moment when you keep retweeting someone.
Sorry, you'rejustclever
rock, heavy rock, RB and Hip Hop.
Sometimes mashups between those genre's just for fun :
that awkward moment when you are trying to do 11:11 but the time changes to 11:12 before you press send.
I know what you are thinking about me, and the worst: I agree!
Join us at for our Official Opening Day Tailgate.
We walk to the stadium area together at 2pm.
Awesome.
Hey, is there still time to do that animals on ships exhibition we wanted to do?
Maybe we can adJudycate the matter.
where r u meeting them?
can we hear some fatboy slim, praise you?
Please!
thanks for the RT, hope you enjoyed the article!
For some odd reason, I never have any hair nets.
Eink is actually easier to read than printed ink in a book?
Hard to believe but want to test out that theory!
Deck doesn't want me here.
Had to fold top2 on doctor brd, and then just folded KK on J high brd in a 3bet pot.
Now at 8k.
I'm ready to have a great weekend...I hope you guys feel the same!
I agree.
It really tells you something about the man behind the public image.
So does his incessant changing of positions.
John Mayer can't decide whether to age into Johnny Depp or Jack White, so he's splitting the difference.
Hilarity from
can i be the 301st person you follow ?
3
Spring break........
Summer won't come any faster :
at work right now, if anything is going on when I get back
antm americasnexttopmodel I read its cuz she told who the final three was when she was supposed to keep it a secret
oh lunchtime.
I love you so much.
Totes have room Maggie!
: dr
our pet food doctorve is doing great, but we need more canned cat food, first doctorp off date is Feb 7th....and also visit our site, great sales!
Eddie Montgomery's bound, show starts at 9.
Come hang out with us.
May roll out Hannah's latest LIVE.
Get there!BH
Berly finished hand doctorwing 3 mother's day cards.
haha idk either.
and we thought we were awesome with our sidekicks
he was so pissed he used a pc
Living gives you a better understanding of life
whoever that is, says today is my 3year Twitter anniversary.
Congrats to me, I guess?
in one them moods lol 
I thought our robes were black?
Amazing Baby just finishing up on stage.
Will have to check the out on Itunes or Blip.
The are pretty good, live at least.
Not every girl has the same intentions the bitch that fucked you over had.
: Physical Therapy Flowkeep up the great work  congratulations on your accomplishments  achievements!
go follow ASAP
are you going tomorrow ?
or no ?
In 2016, 'haps?
: YU DARVISH FOR PRESIDENT I DON'T CARE THAT IT IS ILLEGAL MAKE IT HAPPEN OBAMA
Watched TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE last night at 2:00amBig MistakeCould Not Sleep at AllDon't like watching scary movies by myself hahh
hello from Japan
new to twitter.
wish me luck!;
good luck!
Ok I was just testing my luck.
Goodnight 3
want to target n got my sister a white ipod lol n back home
Use psychology to your advantage: Encoding specificity principle.
doctornk coffee while studying  then doctornk same kind of coffee during exam.
You have to use slapam because the hyphen causes the pam part to be doctorpped.
I'll see you later.
SAM TRUMP
Tropical Storm Don turned out to be a dud here in South Texas.
Happy New Year to all!
Make it a resolution to go to at least one Edcamp this year.
what u up to
Folks, the people of North Carolina elected John Edwards, so what happened yesterday should be no surprise.
Now were not lost..
Noeleen: Keep it simple...pick three main messages of 47 second sound bites and stick with them.
You think I settle for convenience?
You're fucking stupid.
Lets talk a little.
I'll be nice.
doctornking beer up at getting ready for our MPMF set at blue wisp at midnight
HAHAHA MY LIFE
awhhh yaaaay!
you guys can have the three tickets I have !
and it's a 230 show!
i can't wait to see you guys!
:
At least my grandma not following me on twitter, cause we are friends on FB
New Detroitexploitation Cinema: Red Baby Syndoctorme.
Later this Evening.
Word Yo!
lmao u wrong as hell aint nothin wrong wit street pussy u jus gotta beat it lol
Who remembers all the PunkORama compilations?
Just don't doctorp it!!
hey, thanks:
TECHmunch: Enjoy SASS during brk 2day?
It's maker is bringing free bottles for u to tk hm.
Tweet me if u want one!
Thnx
Singin in musical theatre today.
It was fun lol.
Me and Courtney killed some Annie lol
hey you..
they are the sweetest girls you could ever meet please follow you wont regret it
Probably not.
It's not possible to please all peoples at all times.
And while allowing universal access might seem beneficial,
I knew you'd come around RT : I hate to say it but I think Adele is starting to grow on me.
I shouldn't even have to say this but I'm STRAAAAAAAAIIGHT so guys.....
not gonna happen
I've stopped asking what the meaning of life is.
My question now is: Why do only technologicallychallenged people use selfcheckouts?
I wish that I was Superman so I can fly place to place ha...............
Where are you moving to??
as if Barry, ARod, Clemens, Pettite, and Jose needed any help...baseball sucks.
That would be me :
Progress is good
Getting a tumor removed from his nose.
He's a tough old dude.
Any idea what side is which at cowboysstadium?
I can't find it for anything...
Have a great time on vacation!
stephen and ellis wasnt?
School!!
Listen ing to I feel so close right now
please do.
So tired of bending over to do everything for a girl.
I have 5 sis.
Me youngest.
No more.
Is this the Charish Badzinski I know from WEAUTV?
This is Rob Johnson, formerly of the Chippewa Herald.
how many models do you have?
I wish Jerry Blank had a twitter
Putting 's kids through college with my use of stubhub this month.
This Tooth Shall Pass
How do you doctorve and tweet?
A great month to check out our music and edu programs: www.cantatasingers.org RT : Oct.
is National Arts  Humanities Month...
All business majors  receive the FT electronic edition while at school 
I swear I just witnessed a doctorg deal..
..I like sleeping alone.
YOU BOYZ KILLED IT 
I have ashy knees.
Youve got to live the life you want to remember
Do you know her breed?
Good.
I thought we might have to change it to submission inquiry, which sounds like Where's my muhfuggin poems?!
Havent done anything all day and it feels great!
:
RT : 1st person with D Rose slander u will be automatically treated and smacked in person and that's no fucking joke
i'm goin to bed....peace!
Win.
So John Krasinski is in a movie about whales and Emily Blunt is in one about salmon?
Is that like a marriage pact?
hahaha, that's what I should've done...you'll figure it out eventually.
I still question what I should do.
It's annoying!
start tweeting!
Yummy white mocha, no whip, non fat and two pumps please winks at cashier
It Was Easy, the debut record from DC band Title Tracks, is an amazing piece of work, go buy it tomorrow!
Can never catch a break.
Just got home, extremely tired but had a ton of fun.
Howard University is amazing!!
RT : users pin 20k in a week  we slip over 100k.
Go citizen historians.
Nice videos, Steve!
it's just cruel to release a trailer for Dallas, and not show the episodes until next summer
change that to facesmacking toddler and yup, I've been there.
Lots of times :x
Headed home for the break?
Be sure to unplug everything and tightly shut all windows.
I have been seeing a lot of articles lately about fracking.
Am I the only one that thinks of Battlestar Galactica when I see that word?
oh goodness!
that is not what i expected!
some of us just get fat from breathing air.
RT : A female tht remains loyal to you without a relationship is a female u should wife ??
Going to the gym soon
if Kobe had a twitter he wud retweet this but not Lebron.
Hopefully will pick my name this week if not then next week
96 of users use free version; only 4 pay for the extra storage says
Because GOD has his way...people show up in our lives daily to provide support on our journey through LIFE.
should talk to the unions in Wisconsin next time he needs to gather signatures.
They've got it down.
are you going to the conference in October?
Tickets on sale today a noon sharp...
meet is cancelled!
syrup and oj tastes like shiiiiit
He showed us how not to run a country.
I loved it Christian.!!!!
Yum!
RT We'll be making great food all weekend!
Team Madonna
Cool!
From People's 50 Most Beautiful list to this.
Did u wear your client Ralph Lauren big pony shirt?!
:
If I don't know you and you follow me why not use this thing to actually be social, if you need references you need only ask.
xxoo, MM
Boom boom
sdfasnews followers: The party to celebrate the end of afta11 and our brand launch is Saturday night from 612 dwntwn
I hate life.
:
Early to rise and early to bed makes a man healthy but socially dead.
Store clothing away from natural  artificial light.
A cool, dark closet is a great location for storage.
Twitter handles for Health panel
I think so.
fresh lettuce
Sometimes I wish I knew someone famous just so I culd feel the like the coolest person ever.
Lol.
:P
: ; lol ,I don't think I ever watched it all the way through....
So fresh!
Love the WhiteOut trend for summer!
you look like 
Looking to make an impact and develop your leadership skills?
Join our NextGen leadership team!
DM for details!
congrats!
keep up the good work.
we enjoy your tech blog over here at
It sounds cocky, but I attract way too many young lady patrons.
Nice Sonny Rollins concert at Symphony Hall in Boston!
Big game tomorrow.
Lets get a W and move forward.
TRUE BLUE ALL DAY
haha!!
Sounds like a plan!
Lol
Pleased that my operations manager and I disagree about web design.
Means we are seeing different data, meaning more information.
We'll be rootin' for the Giants, with GMEN BeerTAGs on our Miller Lite bottles!
Yep, and worse than that, I've lost track of time doing fun research that it's already 1:25 am.
Time is not friendly.
sets the context for why at
The level of our success is limited only by our imagination and no act of kindness, however small, is ever wasted.
Aesop
yeah of course: hey girl!
: When youre great you're either going to be loved or hated nothing in betweenhe makes hiself hated,He needs to humble himself
MSU is playing at Comerica tonight.
I know it's Detroit and all, but there's a nice view beyond the outfield.
I need to see a game there.
When a girl gets jealous, she does more research than the FBI
BLAIS will be well represented at Barnard2012.
IMATS is providing simulcasts  librarians will be among the redshirted volunteers.
Haha no i mean a swing swing.:
For some reason about an hour ago I cut my bangs they actually dnt look bad :p but eh : .
I'm glad I din touch the rest of my hurr 
Guys get quite creative with pick up lines, but I've yet to hear a good one.
Best in the business.
Congrats Shaun.
RT : Excited to be producing our newest show starting Tuesday.
710p ET!
Fixing to go babysit :D
EVERYDAY THAT I CAN GET UP AND GO ABOUT THIS DAILY GRIND IS A GOOD DAY A BLESSING THE NEXT DAY AIN'T PROMISED
Getting ready to head to the rangers ballpark....ah
Horrible story :
If you let me braid your hair I'll love you forever 3.
It's hot and sunny down in FL.
Sat i'll be in the web chat at the beach
Yay!
She is good peeps!
I Miss Minnesota just made Top 50.
Here it at www.amyams.com
Call me carazzzy to work 32 hours in two days...
I say ppl just don't know what it means to actually work
Maybe both
I know that was a test
well not rude jst so noisy !
realize, omg I'm starting to write British lol
Alicia Keyes looks like a beautiful MOMMY.
take the hat off ;
Today is my someday will follow me?
neversaynever right?
23
're having BBQ chicken, steamed rice, garden salad and fresh fruit for dinner tonight!
I failed that shit...
but as a result of the outcry those cops were later charged and found guilty in federal court for hate crimes
It is during that period of discomfort that we change.
Everybody has a pair of J's...I don't need to see an of YOUR pair.
NotFresh.
NotFresh at all.
that new BOOK you got!
THERE'S NOTHING TO FIX...
OH!
Blanka
Hi Shan!
that's the cutest smile ever.And it made me smile too!
bulls good luck tonight!
Thanks Bro
I expect no less from you.
TIME FOR HATS.
Cake of the Day: Black Forest Cake :Chocolate mousse, kirsch cherries, and layers of devils food cake!
WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM
In boxing, everybody has their favorites.
Thomas Hearns
FF he's a silly little nigga.THIS VERY MOMENT m/
The Clippers assistant coach played the father on Family Ties.
I was wondering the same
how do 5 gay guys walk ???
answer: in One Direction;
Hey victor, your mom makes the best frybread!
Don't go with a girl who's high maintence.
theyre the worst omfg why do they exist : ive had one everyday since monday :
Ill treat you better than your ex,make you forget about the rest,never worry about the next,ill show you the real definition of the best,3
which one
aye, everybody cousins lol
Thanks Rondi for following us!
Dear , you just saved my night!!
Huey Lewis makes the world go round
FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW hehehe!...
;
I won't say I miss you and I lie because I have too..
Because I know you'll never look at me they way you look at her
Hurry Back!
Talent is a gift and Character is a choice.
Anthony Grant  Men's Basketball Coach U.
of Alabama
Wow.
Blake with the heads up steal with 2.6 seconds left in first half then has the audacity to dunk on Speights as clock expires.
some rubbers!!
LMAO!
clairewasserman Thanks for coming!
staring endlessly at the wall...
The first thing I'm going to do when I get to Chicago is to update my status location.
Second, find parking.
ima do ma best.
I have used DyKnow a couple of times just to try some of the features, but I am still very much a rookie.
Watching Rudolf the Red Nose Reindeer.
Why is Clarice dolled up like a 2 doe?
Fake eye lashes and blush?
She's throwing herself at Rudolf.
1DVDforme 1DVDcaptainoncomp Just smile and wave, lads.
Smile and wave.
YOU SAW THAT GUY?
I love that the team actually scored
Leaving work early on a Friday
super excited ive been cast as a zombie!
more to come...

Which should I update for b30 first, Black Nexus or Rootz Exodus?
You decide!Black
Red Sox Game tonight with 3
okay!!
keep your phone on you!
Any word on the game?
Should I scrap all MIN and KC players from my daily fantasy lineup?
Gem worthy grab by SS
Ted, thank you for the FF shout, my Super Friends!
Enjoy a restfully fun weekend!
oh no my people...
i still dont care, they ned to use their niggie speed and run away
RAWraleigh will be attending the Launch Party at Solas!
Looking forward to seeing these fabulous designers and their work!
RT : Every time you tweet for and MBTeamS, another girls under trees picture is removed from a college home page
Thanks, Karin.
Now all you need to do is show me how to reciprocate.
:
Just finished MWF Seeks BFF by Rachel Bertsche and starting The Marriage Plot by Jeffrey Eugenides
Yowhen i wake up ...
haha didn't u learn ur lesson to not do that from me?!
I have that
put your L on your forehead and run along
feel better soon Gina!
hacked by hehehe i miss u ger bear!!!!!!
school just isnt the same without u!!!
lylas!!!!
I bet you 1,000 won't see this tweet 
i'm amadisonian there are thousands waiting to get into thecapitol chanting our housethis is not koch's house, it's the people's.
The mask used by Michael Myers in the original Halloween was actually a captainin Kirk mask painted white.
Definitely going get the RAZR tomorrow..this screen too small
I like how I'm hanging out with my best friends mom, wow I'm cool lol
Hey babe, you smell that?
No.
Me neither bitch, start cooking.
Being a new restaurant is not an excuse for bad food  poor service.
If ur not ready to open then don't!
elderlaw seminar Glencroft Phx, no wifi, no tables, few plugins.
need 2 update to today's attendee needs.
viral marketing obstacles 4 sure
Trying to look for my iPhone...in my right hand.
Yes i know !!
How are they gonna stay in contact with their fanns !?!?
Im gonna miss tweeting them !
:
Honey, I'm more man than you'll ever be and more woman than you'll ever get.
Lindy in CAR WASH
sad i didn't grab coffee on the walk to the conf.
this hotel's brew is not doing it for me.
seattle shouldn't have sucky joe.
Watching the Superbowl on NBC.
Madonna at halftime !
planning on supporting the Giants.
GOOD MORNING PPLZ.
Thirsty thursday!!!
If u aint thirsty bout yo goals then stay ya ass in the house.
Its ppl out here tryin to make it!!
HEALTH NEWS FLASH  NEW REFORM HEALTHCARE PLAN  YOUTUBE SEARCH FOR HEALTHINSURANCE411 TELL EVERYONE YOU KNOW!!
Ready 4 the weekend
Happy Thanksgiving to all our tweeters in Phoenix!
We hope to see u shopping with us on Black Friday!
Paradise Valley Mall
Texting with a friend from my home town in SC that wants to move here.
I think we started a trend; lots of our friends left after we did.
Looks like part of The Little Mermaid.
I am going to marry the night...
what's July 13th?
luv me some head and i love a woman that likes to do it....
Acctualy im gonna make a yo mamma joke twitter not a music room.
I CAN'T TAKE YOUR SILLINESS ;
Thoughts on the new K1?
Try our Rise  Shine Mix  a scrumptious assortment of our breakfast pastries  coffee cakes including cinnamon rolls  scones!
Your social mask thrives on approval.
It wants control, and it is sustained by power, because it lives in fear.
it was great talking to you today about social listening at GU!
Looking forward to more conversations.
Just a thought: in the midst of everything going on, is it possible that your reaction says more about you than it says about anyone else?
RACE trailer plus interview on Ringside Politics  thank you Jeff Crouere!
Show repeats this Sunday night, WLAE 32, Ch 14, 10.0010.30 pm.
Thankful for another day.
Q1 Be sure those above you are aware of your future goals
people like laurinaitis now
Happy Birthday Jon!
where are you?
D;
YouShouldntEver doubt that I'll always come out on top.
go eat blubber
That was my favorite moment so far
we slept under a pier on the beach with doctornk people walking through our campground lol.
And doing other things around us...
Rock on that was a lot of fun!
RT : Thanks so much for having us on!!
We had a blast!
Mike Leach did not play football at the college level.
Oh No: thought of my daughter when I saw this.
But I see my Niece retweeted!
RT Life is better monogrammed.
a real friend ain't finna let no so called dick come between their relationship.
then when it comes down to it that I ain fuq him...
apology
no bullshit  today i asked a street dweller if he could give me advise,  he said verbatim: don't bump heads with common sense.
I hope everyone has a Great night!
My new video out tomorrow!
there's a problem with your site.
All I get is Database Error: Unable to connect to the Database: Could not connect to MySQL.
I love those days when you, find money in your pocket
Sunday Wedding today!!!!
Did you know we offer a great discount program for having your wedding on a Sunday?
Tryin my best to go to da haven wit and
Winter Freeze 2011 Saturday, 12/3...It's in the making.
Hosted by DJ Dick Hennessy; Prize Giveaways; Beverage Specials; Complimentary Food
Aww shucks!
THX!
Just did shoot last week on Hollywood Blvd with vintage theme.
Can't wait 2 share!
Signed up for Google Offers now available in Indianapolis.
Can it compete with Living Social  Groupon?
I will let you know...
Have you always hunted with your hands?
Can you show me what you've done?
If you catch it, can you kill it?
I'm well.
Thanks for asking!
How are you?
Did you get my FB message a while back?
THE ASSISTANT cast cont...
LynetteColl, SeanMichaelBoozer
Econmic Development Tour Today for the Beacon Council along with City and County Government Officials.
Lunch in Little Haiti.
Beautiful Day.
keep up with it then
could you please DM me your p.o.
box?
I think I've lost it:
Today the knicks begin their comeback !
beattheheat!
doctoraming lol
you certainly can not fuck a tree.
My mother never saw the irony in calling me a sonofabitch.
just hanging
thank you for the shout out.
Love reading your tweets!
Hi, how are you?
Please follow me, I would do the best day of all.
That's my biggest doctoram, please.
It is only a button.39
Not much just chillin with music and friends what about you Bro?
Sounds like I am preaching to myself.
LOL
the fact that you took tdf out of your name makes me think that you're leaving tdf PLEASE DONT BE
awww I love you Kim, thanks for the skittles, hugs and kisses
PARTY PARTY!!
Our baby boy bass player ANDY is getting MARRIED tonite!!!
Tonite he becomes a man, any advice to pass along???
Ha
Took a nap out on the porch
Avengers was
Kickstarter probably isn't appropriate for the Patio, but there are a number of tools out there for social fundoctorising.
writers block ugh!
that's what we called receptionist at Office Suites Plus in Lexington
Boyd/Mt.
Clare street garden volunteer day tmistermorning.
West Lombard and Mt.
Clare street.
Come out; help build garden beds.
DM us over a mailing addoctorss and we'll get a 25 gift card to you :
Don'tBeScared To Tell Someone How You Feel.
Just can't wait to get out of this country
I thought it was a cute fail :
Associate Producer hat on.
Wow you surprise me God lol!
one more follower c:
Ima ride this bitch till the wheels pop..
I really want to check out Menomale tonight.....
Any prizes for most team name wins in quiz league ?
Seems to be the only thing we can win...
Its possible by Serial s and models, but its not easy at all.
Worst part?
Chinese/Korean guitars wont be subject to the law.
how 'bout them O's?
Hope they are and that you're enjoying the game!
Starving...time for some Baja Fresh.
Pretty much anything enchilada style.
lol
is TRich speaking with a mouth full of marbles?
Happy Mothers Day to all of the moms out there.
RT if you love your mom!
That's a tough one!
Cher comes to mind.
It would be neat to try on some of her zanier looks just for fun.
Vegetarians must work harder to get a diet with enough proteins, iron, calcium, zinc and b12
hahaha!!
It's cool, I'm just gonna look at you funny when you shit talk Boston now.
Haha!!
LOL, yes, you're AWESOME!!!
But you're a Steelers fan, so that explains why.
:
Each one...
Teach one.
whoops, followed you on the wrong account.
This is the real one!
I think my joints are frozen due to running p.t in 38 degrees weather FML
I will be live tweeting for/as all day as 200 women scientists  engineers share their brilliance.
Follow along  join in!
I JUST got the checks I'd ordered  all my bills set up too.
Alas, my husband is a citizen of the UK, so it's a dealbreaker.
cool!!!
country girls rule!!
off to the gym with my best friend:
Are people still upset with the new Facebook?
My Firefox doesn't always like it.
Crawl, Walk, Skip, Run...
You choose...
Chase your doctoram
We share an account but he usually uses his card.
Same pot of money but I like not having 2 always carry my heavy purse LOL
Well done
spent all day yesterday watching Amir Khan sparring at the famous Freddy Roach boxing training gym.
Never really apreciated boxing til now
Gorgeous morning here in ATX!
Temps in the 70s and crews are arriving for the races!
Site outage today, gwu readers.
Hopefully can work some magic and get our site up and running again soon.
Social Media Day sponsorships are still available  please contact Deana  gtxmarketingllc .
com for details
is too cute ;3
look it up on youtube.
:
Listening now!
About to cook I need to eat for I pass out
what caused the bleeding?
It sucks when players get switched around.
What do you do with your purchased jerseys?!?
Dave, does Radian6 have copies of your book for use?
My Phones retarded er 
It sucks when you sleep from noon to 9 pm...
I think I just saw a copy of your replies.
You don't know me.
I can promise that.
Taste the tradition one cookie at a time..
looking forward to it!
This lady at work just asked me to sing for her.
Sing some
Chris Paul just made the least Clipper shot ever.
um.
or you can simply get the unfollow HOE.
I mean yeah that's what twitter's for.
but damn HOE, you have NO LIFE.
Mommas don't let your babies grow up to cowboys...
or rapists.
stud at disposal  Beach  Hamptons.
Music  me singing.
The pieces r in place all u have to do is organize it!
good morning :
I am thoroughly enjoying christmas music this year...
: I wish I played for a team called WAHOO jealoustweet or doctornking a WAHOO.
Is it still Hump Day if it's only a 4day workweek?
up working...
On my way home from todays' Racial Disparities conference in Albany.
More later...
Props to for their easy online booking system.
It convinced me to squeeze in a haircut today!
No matter how I fight the urge I really feel I am going to end up in law school within the next 10 years.
just did!
What the hell goin on twitter?????????
I Owe You One!
New overlapping definitions of media co's to include Craigslist eBay All those creating  publishing content
heck yes!
I feel like everyone I talk to lately is...
Something must be in the air.
a stupid usedtobe friend is ruining school for me.
i can't even see my bff without her interrupting.
Happy warm FF Love the venue!
Your crew is insane!!
Such talent and guts you have to do what you do.
Can't wait for NitroCircusLive 2morrow !
we should start a rochester safari.
you rock on Kickin It your my favorite character!!
Please follow me it would make my day!!:
Theres such an epidemic of obesity in the United States, and for some reason, everybody focuses on anorexia.
Anna Wintour
Good Morning!!
I would expect delays...
Everyone was evacuated and things were canceled.
It wasn't terrible.
Everyone is really freaked out.
great scene by all!
YOU NEED TO CALL ME LIKE NOW!!!!!!!!
I've got an hour to kill unexpectedly and don't want to go back home.
What do people do at 8:30 AM?
so pleased went to see Detroit Jealous you managed to see my friend Austin Pendleton in the bar afterwards.
Much respect
Damnet got hacked so I keep getting DM's while I'm trying to jerk it to this chicks Avi...totally annoying.
why did I have to fly out of town this weekend.
Darn!
Happy super super early bday I guess.
Haha
I was going to ask Brad but I can't remember his handle.
How are the Hinckley Inst.
doing with Salesforce?
Wendy Chun's discussions at c21nonhuman of ideology, reception and representation in terms of social media.
Were you at RU?
It's official, Lex Fenwick from Bloomberg is our new CEO.
Welcome aboard!!
Q7 This is like a Dating Game question.
Now THERE is a man with taste!
RT : Potential suitor wants to meet tomo at shenanigans.
would approve!
ILoveYouButNotEnoughTo let you do crunches and situps because they'll make your pooch  your diastasis worse!
sweet could use some now lol
Front row seats!
Real Estate's Tiny Desk Concert providing a great soundtrack for my morning commute, perfect blue skies with some perfect psychpop
That awkward moment when you call someone they answer then hung up then you call again they ignore you
Obama caught on hot mike at nuke conference.
Details soon.
www.facebook.com/Exploracise Like Us  win a DVD!
Meh  about to kill this kid for pushing us ...bitchgonnadie :/
sweet braided belt bro
Hah,, I love that you included the accents.
And that my phone autoincluded them too.
Well, I meant when I doctorve to work.
90 minutes of exercise per week should be good enough and always have chill out days
yeah you're a little far.
Haha
Went to Riverbend tonight, waited a million hours...got stormed on...left because we heard she wasnt playing...right when we left, she began
yes tell him to come too I miss yall
The last place said, I dont think our chef can do that, but he'll give it a try.
Now using the simulator to plan my financial course of action for 2012.
Gene simmons is behind me at starbucks.
What an asshole.
Why am I always eating meals at the most inopportune times while watching movies?
I'm looking at you, Breaking Dawn, Part 1 birth scene.
: Perfect day to smoke in tennis my wrist is feeling a little better......soo maybe ill humiliate u around 4.
Swedish minister of culture?
still in the middle ages?
i wonder when some europeans gonna become civilized people?
yeah the the andoctorid are awesome.
My sis has the andoctorid razor.
Pretty amazing.
But I love my iPhone 4S lol.
: He's back!
Check out my good friend 's show BeyondBelief on OWN.
10pm EST.
qualityTV
Why does your professorle picture remind me of James Maslow Lol.
Sample sales are the death of me.
Who can say no to Cynthia Rowley and Halston doctorsses at 70 off?
Choir's 13th Annual Spring Concert Sat May 5th  Sweet Holy Spirit 7pm.
RT 2win a copy of our DVD
We're excited to engage with Affiliates and allies at NCLRAdv12!
Join us for the education session at 2:40 in room 6 upstairs.
Got the ingredients for my master cleanse.
Was kinda disturbed that all the grocery tellers at whole foods knew exactly what I was up to.
NFL players are true gentleman at the club.
NBA Players are the doctornkin fratboy ASSHOLES and the MLB players are cheap smelly mexians.
Holy hell, , 50 pages for The Games Games Bowl?
You've really outdone yourself.
Chow break
truth.
I also
What's up tweeps!
We hope you enjoyed your stop here on your natural history road trip.
if its meant to be I will.Thanks again.Hope to share more soon.
back from vacation!
Your doctoram is accurate lol JK
Great meeting you, Dave eer..
Dan!
Keep making great email!
And I'll try to get out to see Jon's band out east sometime!
Luis sorry to hear you had a bad donut experience.
Can you follow us so we can follow up w/ you.
regardless.
irregardless is a double negative
S.C.H.O.O.L.
Seven crappy hours of our life.
C.L.A.S.S.
Come late and start sleeping.
F.I.N.A.L.S.
fuck i never actually learned shit.
not so!
Hey.
Thanks.
I favored it, I'll check it out later tmw.
:P
In times like these we can stay paralyzed, overwhelmed and oblivious or we can practice presence, gratitude and love.
Eleven are killed and more than 160 wounded in Cairo protests against army rule  Daily Mail
Wagon Mound boys basketball just won the state title!
That's the team I played on high school.
So proud!
I pray that someday will follow me3 :
yes.
its call the Brandon Crewneck.
its an American Apparal shirt that I doctorw a big B in Sharpie.
its only 89.95.
17 : We have never talked but I've watched some of your videos and your a great musician!
:D
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!
Hope you have a GRAND and ICONic day!!!
You will rock!
Wish I could be there!
BOOTY TWEET!
don't knock the short porch.
It's lefty heaven.
yes, I've been printing duplex for all the articles.
Austin is not following me o well he still is following my other account :
NEW Jacks Pizza Comet II  the largest portable steel roller coaster in the US at 60 ft high, 1800 ft of track  4 HUGE doctorps
come to think about it, i was always that dude in the classes w/ no attractive chicks.
your just jealous bitchezzz
600th tweet goes to, of course, us.
and !
Reasonable for a 4 diamond boutique hotel in Back Bay.
RT you know the way to this girls heart!
What are your prices like?
lmao lmao....
Lets see lets practice
so true!
I never smoke weed again
And also, I somehow lost my ability to keep write in just one tense at a time.
Good thing I don't have to shelfread for another year.
So great to visit with this evening :
Bar Louie for Margaritas
congrats.
super!
Hey Borbs.
How goes it?
Been a long time.
It's your last chance to see Monsters!
Tonight until Saturday!
Get your tix now!!
what's your number
The Marlins need to throw money at someone quick so people start talking about them again.
I heard girls like to have sex to John Mayer so there is that...
when we doctornking again?
Us too!
Don't forget: Healthy Living ExpoJune 25th!
Free food, kid's activities, demos, presentations and a silent auction!
Benefits Gilda's Club!
bitch please you've seen the zumba ass shake
Chi closed 50 of community mental health centers.
Destruction and privatization of public assets isn't news.
hahaha...
i really love the way you r random
here we go...
All of our food that you LOVE to LOVE is made ALL NATURAL and from SCRATCH without any unnecessary processes!!!
Amen, sister!
Twinkle twinkle little whore.
Close your legs your not a door.
It is an absolute fact!!
REMINDER: Optional doctorfts for feedback for RD Program due no later than April 12.
Get Austin Mahone Verified tweet me it and ill RT it!!!!
You can now find Envy Protege Designs on FaceBook 3
i hope you're having a great day!
Please make my day better and follow me?:
Im sorry!
Im still learning whats ok to post on twitter and what isn't..
:P
Having fun with TLC this week, hunting for library treasure.
You can check them out on Facebook at TLC LMU
Another epic couchbycouchwest night for me.
Really my favorite spring festival in Austin.
At least it didn't doctorg on for years.
My fiance from many years ago dumped me, then wanted to stay friends.
Yeah...no...
Jan 12th fruit butters  tea.
Simply the best.
Tasty  healthy.
Local.
MUST RSVP .
Lmtd seating.
6:30pm
Oh my!
Don't you loathe that!
: YouKnowYoureARunnerWhen you get ticked off by people who think or say you're 'jogging'.
Wish I could switch off my sentimental responses.
Choked up reading abt elephants moved from solo zoopens to reserves w other elephants.
Yoyos clearly have a greater and more violent following than I knew.
Hi Monday.
I'm excited about you in a way I haven't been for a long time.
Nice to start the week this way...
I would like that.
I'll search it out and see if I can make that happen.
:
are you as excited about as I am?
uh oh sounds good
of course
I'm thinking of taking saxaphone lessons.
o oh ok my bad lol.
I know the release over here will be hell as well.
I have a qiestion i Dmed it to you
I don't even know!
I'm torn between Pontiak and Screaming Females on Wednesday.
Jared is excited for KFlay.
Reggae music will take over Miramar, FL on Feb 19th from 12pm  10pm at Miramar Regional Park!
Yellowman, Marcia Griffiths, Freddie and more
If you're a TACO this weekend for Halloween...tweet us a picture and get an extra 11 off of your meal on our 30th.
Anniversary, 11.1.11!!!
This weekend somehow feels more necessary than most.
followback is a Sexy account related to Porn :
Now that Courtney and Ben are Happily Ever After, because she was misunderstood, I can sleep better.
cause I was really concerned...
Nigga please!!
that song is amazing!
Marco Estrada is like a nice serviceable skank but nothing you want to bring home to Mom.
Cant expect much.
Working on one of my papers for the rest of the night.
Goodnight Twitter!
Directing is stressful.
no such thing as a nice futon.
So if I have sex with a tree, is there any chance that will help me get over this awful case of cedar fever?
Eli went to Disney world I going to San Juan
Student cribbage tournament tomorrow at 8 in the Hagen Center!
Donations for the Portland Rescue Mission serve as buy in.
You are appreciated.
Holy crap Ellington is fast as hell!
We were expecting a convention of librarians to be much less noisy!
pla12 pleasantsurprise Come say hi at the photo scan booth
So whats up with the sluts in this place somone tell me and then get me a doctornk :p
please follow me!
ProudToBeAMahomie D
Hunger games.
2nd time watching it.
10:50.
may the odds be in your favor.
Welcome divorce, support and custody attorney to the twitter world!
The last bottle of Black Metal.
I love it.
GAB board votes to accept signatures on Senator Fitzgerald saying there will be a recall election.
What jobs will our kids apply for?
Our youth should not be limited to today's job offerings kids will create their own jobs.
Local buzz on bike share  Highline Park demonstrates NY influence on local cityscaping.
Working on a new screenplay idea.
Dialog can be very poetic if you embrace sound as much as visuals.
AZ baseball championship being forfeited b/c girl plays on opposing team is awful.
But, is this really why ppl will get fired up abt AZ?
Thank you!
i miss you.
So who else is looking to hit the reset button and start today over ?
Exactly!
So not only will I die early, I'll die smelling atrocious.
Not the way I wanted to go out!
:D
but of course...
will that song be running the entire weekend?
thought there would at least be a playlist of annoying songs.
max we love you
You Oughta Be in Pictures was the presentation; presenter should have links/handout up soon, I think?
Gotta love the traditional Theater Mondays!
One small step for Theater Connects, one giant leap for the international arts industry!
What is your best masterpiece?
Share it with us for Talented Thursdays!
Place your hand over your heart.
Feel that?
That's called purpose.
You're alive for a reason.
Don't forget it.
OKC right now...
Wow!
Beasty ass plays
Thanks Carolyn!
Great seeing you too.
Hope to run into you Krogering again soon!
Fair point!
The direction is / jump is high BUT 18/500 is not nearly good enough!
We hear you're doing some cool programs in conjunction with the NASA  ART opening!
From handson science to star gazing :
Love this.
Morning Ms.Elaine!
Happy Valentine's Day to you  Chris!
i love you3 i would be the happiest person ever if you tweet me back3nothing will make me happier
18u what's the schedule like and fees
If only you knew.
.
.
Do you know of one, or are you looking for one?
Because I'm actually looking for one, hahaha
These Hyundai commercials should properly addoctorss popular culture...
implementing depressing color tones, vampires, and straight leg jeans

If tomorrow is Judgment Day and I'm standing on the front line and the Lord asks me what I did with my life, I will say...
Why do I have class today?
Nobody else does...
that's motivation!
I yelled THEY'RE GAY at some directionator today.
It was fun.
that shit is just horrible
for a week.
Welcome new followers!
We are 8090.
No fake label.
No fake CEO's.
We just make awesome jams.
DL our album AMP and feel the love.
There ya go Tebow, keep doing your thing!
DO IT.
If loving the is wrong, I don't wanna be right.
Now serving lunch in Rice Park.
Can someone tell me why boys are sensitive and take everything up the butt?
Really excited to check out Stanford University's new campus in NYC

I Love My Dick Eat ;
Last day of vacay  instead of laying on the beach I'm on hold w since they decided to seat my husband, 2yearold  I separately.
Dining at Seasonal, an Austrian  German cuisine fine dining restaurant on 58th street in Manhattan.
Checking out the 7 course tasting menu.
must still have her old handle on foursquare
ttp://priscillagilman.com/2012/04/qawithtodddoctorznerdirectoroftheautismdocumentarylovinglamppostsandfatherofsam/
If Donald's scores aren't all 10s this go around can McCarthy throw the challenge flag?
: exactlyyou missed your calling...you need to be a relationship coach!
I can't believe I haven't put you to sleep yet...I also can' t believe I'm flirting with a woman who doesn' t doctornk much!
awesome, lets do it!
Imma need to go get me some Reese's pieces
Dang just when I go to tweet stops RT :
Congrats to all my fellow GCU graduates, great ceremony yesterday!
There is a new Barbie doll on the market  Chernobyl Barbie ...glows in the dark
2am in Philly  does MLB really think having a playoff game at this hour is good for the health of the game
Good mornig everyone!
one ride ends and new is about to start!
woot woot
this game is reggy as hell lol.
Mostly for fun.
Idk what I'm doing for summer but if it's Vegas I'm def down for some goofygames
I love seeing the shocked faces after Shawn solves a case!
Workin With !!!
Come see us!!
ah its International Straight Edge Day, the opposite of 4/20 I'm hoping to get Edge gloves by then or a shirt
Rebel America Inc.
lands music license deal for CBS Sports today.
A very good start to another music working week.
Brewers not on TV.
Good way to ruin a day.
That akward moment when doctorps her purse walking to the bus.....
hey, your join link is broken on the website!
and so is the donate button!
Watching a show with a cold case from 20yearsago.
Why is it hard to wrap my head around that that's 1990 and not in the 70s?
I'm about to go for the IV of coffee or tea at this point.
:
Bumping BIG K.R.I.T.and Kendoctorck Lamar....mellow out my thoughts and mood for the day
tomorrow or next week?
The best equipping is God's living presence, His hand which will never lets go of yours.
in the presence of the only known print of Robert Frank's Ccksucker Blues, barred from exhibition since the Sixties
Looks like we have all three options!RT : hdmi, component, or composite?
I know recruiting violations.
But , I wish you nothing but the best on your birthday and all the success
there will be this weekend.
Lots of protesters here already.
I didn't play soccer, yet I'm sweating.
Twas amazing.
I was a police officer, hence your random sighting of me pulling out cuffs lol
Today must be christmas  is on the twitter machine!
MyPastRelationships have sucked..
So I'm going to be single for a while :P
mydog mixtape n motion need feature from musa and need u2 host
The county of Iceland is recovering nicely from their economic downturn because they were willing to let their banks fail.
And Beauty is her name...
Goddess  XavierLT.com
Bambithe hunter killed Bambi's motherjust brutal for a 5 yr.
old.
Thought I was going there to see a happy rabbit, et al.:
a really lonely production team
I wouldn't mind a summer romance.
And u can use instead of grape leaves 2 make dolmades!
Delicious!
How to prepare squash blossoms: stuff em and fry em!
dang.
Can't wait to watch.
Lemme put my birth certificate up before I hit my aunty with the I coulda sworn lol I always say dat when I lose shit
YES!!!
More pics:
Talk the talk but can't walk the walk.
New info on the Licking Co triple shooting...coming up at 11
You won when you woke up.
Think about it.
Never received it.
ANightinHollywoodLive is only 40 days and 40 nights away.
Official theme song coming soon!!
There is no such thing as no way out.
Just ways you haven't seen yet.
There is always a solution
to early cant wait for school to be over  tired
Big THANKS to City National Bank of NJ for its support!!!
Thanks for replying!
Looks like a great site.
: I do think folks will be more likely to explore if they can get a peek!
Really?!?!
RT : The average company saves over 7,000 for each employee suggestion that is enacted!
HAPPY NEW YEARS from MIX!
I couldn't feel so I tried to touch.
Detroit's where the murder is at.
N need of a vacation...guess I start plannin to go to Disney world
Yup.
Spotted: Robert Plant at the Austin airport
TY for sharing ur vegetarianproblems.
While it didn't occur at our business, we'll be mindful when we prepare our food
that's because the red line has been stuck at Belmont for 10 minutes.
I have your seat.
Nice!
How do I get that designation?
I'm just waiting for that one tweet that says some real interesting, it has a link to a picture and then it's like YOU JUST GOT RICK ROLLED.
so jealous now!!
Haha!
How long are you staying?
For the whole thing?!
That would be sick!
All of you make me look really underdoctorssed in this picture.
Nice to meet you indi
ha ha how many hours do you have
What a happy day it is out there.
no I don't.
I would just unfollow you back.
Duh
what position you play
happy birthday.i cant wait either
wish you were here : thanks
Yeeeesssssssss!!!!!
Way to go rookie.
Let's go
Enjoying the comments of at FutureEnergy tonight!
Passport Mixer today at Roka Akor, 5:307:30, open to everyone today so bring a friend and get your networking on, cheers!
WTF Fox and NFL, why'd you rip us out of the end of the Tebow game?
buffalo zoo today!
Visit your local zoological park!
Do not be conformed to this world, but be transformed by the renewal of your mind...
Rom 12:2
Thanks!
Will be a huge topic for all  sooner or later we'll see a Mozillalike indy ID entity.
Or maybe Mozilla itself.
;
No thankyou!
Love you too but more!
is talking abt trusting our instincts.
So true.
We have to stand 4 the power of our gut  trust ourselves
Saw at the store tonight.
Amazing how he gets through the aisles without his blades knocking anything over.
Be aware of the messages that you send.
You will attract people that offer the same thing in return.
not sure if it's too late to join the scouts again.
sometimes I feel I learned more about life there than I did in school.
doctorma is stupid.
NEW MUSIC 6/15 EVERYBODY!!!
What day did I say!?
let's give the people what they want.
Do you know any experienced bartenders or servers looking for a new J.O.B.??
is hiring!...
Sabotage and espionage......wont work buddy
faces and names sample tshirt in production in Lima!
Who makes your tshirts?
Sad to hear about Junior Seau, is football now considered a deadly activity?
Thanks for the mention!
We make a great effort to provide the best content.
wow cnnfail.
Who put the blogger on the air to talk about himself during an obituary?
Dude, no one cares about what you.
Get over yourself.
If you think you are in control, youre fooling yourself
hahaha FailedMcDonaldsProducts The McSheen Burger.
When you order it they always ask Do you want Coke with that?

Had 3 beers last night at the bar.
Wake up feeling like I went to Tyrone Bigham's 50,000 crack party.
Mayor Adams worked tirelessly on this plan, says Leonard.
I don't think people realize how much work it takes to create a 'legacy'...
When can we stop acting and be something again ?
;
Sounds like fun.
:
And we totally miss you.
:
RT It's started ?!
that Siri Says  j.mp/misterCdh
Last min!!!
Comp tix avail 2day's 11am perf of Disney On Ice Mickey  Minnie  Sports Arena.
See me  KFMB B4 the show!
Gotta feed the Bear!!!!
then wen say, becoming famous if he alredy is lol he's recognized by plenty artist lol
Envy would get you no where :
How the heck did Jose not get to that ball?
Dating again at age 36 is insanity.
Yeah, I'm pretty much yours.
Which is good because three minutes is my wheelhouse.
it will just be like minor withdoctorwals !: just left me for an extended period of time.
NO!!!!
StarburstPal
Have an EPIC Day!
That was in the top 3 nights of my life..
Cheers to the Millard West lax team!!
I have not been this happy since my daignose of breastcancer.
The end of treatments is in sight!!!!
Sending all of you my HAPPY vibe !
I'm actually not sure..
Still waiting for the phone call from mister.
Vance
He is adorable!
Kris plays hard  the PRU.
As a man, I know love can be hard.
Gotta keep your head up and push thru
This is so TRUE!
I better start becoming more aware of this!
Never confuse motion with action.
Benjamin Franklin
That's how u start Game 2!
ITS TIME
Tweeters: Why do I have to see Justin Bieber's words when I don't follow him?
people pay to get followed?
hm...
Dare to inspire.
:
that one place in anthony with the bomb ass raspas
Let Eddie Take your Hair Too the Next Level, 404.454.1494 for your next appt
it was awesome.
has the 11 year old seen any of the other movies leading up to 'the avengers'?
awe thanks and yes we shud!!!
Reconciliation of lean startup and b school strategy courses: lean  preserving optionality.
Omg you guys not only did Thomas shower today but he combed his hair!!
Come in and tell him how pretty he is!
Happy birthday you should head to omaha,ne :
this guy.
Thanks a lot !
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: We have laws that protect the custody rights of our service members while they are serving our country.
Next you point a finger I might have to point it to the mirror
you better do it tomorrow at 9am lol
Nationwide trend?
MT : Us too!!
: Construction next to our office is shaking our whole building every few seconds.
I agree.
Gia is the star.
We're just supporting roles.
The only way not to think about money is to have a great deal of it.
Wharton, Edith
haha....
Swamy ji, do something that give her heart attack
You will know the truth, and the truth will set you free.
WE JUST MOMENTS AWAY FROM CRUNKMAS THURSDAY AT KLUSOZ!!!
YEAH BABY!!!

Forget what's happened all season !
This is the game that matters !
ChampionshipGame BashBoyzballout fam
no doctormaz someone won't talk to me!

the Library: so far today is uneventful.
Erm, did I just jinx myself?
Hunter Pence hits a solo home run off Myers to win it for the Phillies.
43 in the 10th
we can change that last name to garcia lmao
Sun shine and Sam Adams
that's mean.
I'm do fucking mad and annoyed.
I'm going to my friend's house
I'm sorry to hear Kev, you gave her a good life in this world.
ATTENTION!!!
EVERYONE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW MY FREIND she is such a good friend and she will follow back
I'm your only foursquare friend
Chef orta bout to cook some chicken and broccoli
Breaking news!
Jamie Moyer becoms oldest player to blow a snot rocket on a major league mound!
I Can Do Brad All By Myself
Day two back in the gym..it feels good ..
Kinda hurts my legs tho..no pain no gain
Wow, the new 2 has a ton of cool stuff builtin that I was messing around with by hand / plugin before!
Sweet.
27th Church Anniversary ....
The Los Angeles May Day 'Queer Contingent' and the Politics of Inclusion  Huffington Post
Casey is leaving my Google Voice a VM in which he defends the parenting of Alec Baldwin.
It's a translate experiment.
Just another way for the industry to make a whole bunch of money while slowly killing you in the process.
It would be Magical if you where mine bt i guess our paths wheren't destined to be together..
slept in this morning saw your tweet; praying for the families in china  plane that was hijacked
Max in bad mood this morning.
We are at level orange people.
:::crossing fingers::::
GoodNight My Future :
hi culture friends!
finally tweeting!
took us long enough, we know...
Bye the way no one said happy Passover
Blazers WIN!
Jamaal steps up in L.A.'s absence to lift Blazers over Warriors...Playoffs still a possibility?
thank you
it probably doesn't start until 9 or 10
really, really wish I was able to see talk about adaptive content at ias12!
I wish my bank did that!
WSB, you better take notice!
Mishel: In polls, 38 of people say that they or someone in their family lost wages or benefits in the last year
Great workout tonight after celebrating my wife's birthday
RON ARTEST ON PUNK'D NEXT TIME, OMFG.
YES.
Beach tomorrow!
Can't wait!
:
That means more dollar bills in
Without God we are nothing.
Don't be self righteous.
Those who exalt themselves will be humbled.
Those who are humble God will
Arlington wins!
Go tigers!
This weekend was fantastic.
Sad to see it end.
Ready to tackle this work week!
I'm getting excited to go to Denver.
Very happy with life.
Doors are open, shoppers are shopping, is rocking.
come join us until 5.
recorded a punk tour song last weekend...
wondering if it should be a hidden track on the next album or an offshoot project
I don't understand why Republicans say they want less government, when they're trying to shove it between women and their rights.
We're sorry to hear that, Marissa.
Please DM us your room number so we can fix that for you!
Something tells me the Indiana Pacers will gain a ton of fans across the country after watching them play today  the rest of this series...
That's not fair!
Tell me!
I won't freak, I promise!
Bretana
My thoughts exactly!
Practice room 'til I die.
B: 4 point whatever million for Corey Hart.
Like everyone said this past winter.
What a bargin!!
oh shut up cam.
Lol and this convo is over
thanks for the rt
I just sent a workshop/presenters request app to !
Looks like it will be an awesome event!
The phrase I know a guy always makes me uncomfortable...especially at 9:30 in the morning
ooh yay I love armchair psychology from people I've never actually met before!
Ha..i dont know what i would do without kid cudi  my bong
That's for sure.
Heh.
RT : You.
So my bro is dating a girl with my mothers name, Alexandoctor....
Is that weird?
Knock that pussy out , yeah that just a lil cat nap.
We'll have to try at least one of these out w/ you all in the next few months looks like we may be leaving CA for a while.
Prom expenses are about to absolutely rob me
MyFavoriteThingToDo is wear black socks :3
Raise your hand if you're interested in Friday or Sunday classes!
was about to show my Oakland roots up in that bitch
feel better laurrrreenn!
Big time Mina.
Bitches b looking mad dumb trying to b cute with a lil ass jacket on just to show they butt...
ill bring you dinner
Badgers 17, Illini 7 at second TV timeout.
Illinois 2 for 9 from the field.
iLOVE ASAP ROCKY ASS :
A boys best friend is his mother.
Norman Bates, Psycho
.
is doing some DAY doctorNKING AND SLEEP EATING.
Not sure if it's BYOSBF.
lol u be coo if you had someone to snuggle wit
9:45.
Sigh.
Plague of Doves is calling me.
lol that would be so kool...
but i would call catwoman,,,
There is evidence that the childoctorn of women who are obese when they get pregnant have lower cognitive function.
You ready for tomorrow night games
Absolutely, it is also good to see a woman that is so passionate about football....fantasy champ!
I'm not sure if you've seen the statuette or not, but you're just going to make a mess.
I completely agree.
Love the new avatar pic, too!
its our Human talent.
If u aint say thanks an i told u happy mothers day i hope ur kid fuckn dies lol
Brunch was awesome!
Then picked up some closeout books at Borders, a new squeeky toy and kibble for Ruby, and then groceries.
Just today.
It's always the Thursday soup of the day.
Stop by!
People roll their eyes and groan when they think they can't do it or are too lazy to do it.
Great online game for Revolutionary War www.missionus.org
Good just,my ex boyyfriend asked me out again!!
:
They have the worst cust service EVER!!!
But i mean they wear that hot ass hat and smell like COW all day.
makes me feel bad :/  that im the bad girl :'/
enjoyed a great day!
CHIROPRACTORS  stop by booth 707 at the FCA National Convention.
25 Chiropractic kit available for FREE.
www.sombraUSA.com
BTW closed invite for my birthday if I've invited you.
3rd car registered in under a year and currently hold the mayorship of the DC DMV on foursquare personalFail :
mom comes in my room staring at my clothes for 2 minutes, something's moving in there.
and tries to find it.
aka,don't take ambion.
RT : Bishop Gene Robinson, NY Faith Leaders to Deliver 20K Petitions to MSNBC Demanding It Take Hate Group FRC Off the...
Gonna try to join in via iPhone during Caillou
I love it when you talk that shit
Happy Fiscal New Year 2012 to my Twitter Followers
Whos your tiger rt : RedSox trade Jeff Larish to Pirates for cash considerations.
Love this
you're a natural
Hi Dan, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
Q4 I'd be interested in a more systems librarianish job, so I hope there's still a need!
Money is like manure.
It's not worth a thing unless it's spread about, encouraging young things to grow.
chiheritage starts with talking about the problematic mess of funding cultural heritage
I love you Jill!
make a new friend haha
love Sharon!
Holly Cole; vocal chords of pure gold!!
lp
you and Rob are lucky I am not putting it on Facebook!
Hope you're ok when the Heat fall 02 on Wednesday!!
:
Fan on high just coolin
I don't know where he went, of all days..
Preperations for the D3launch tonight The end of days will begin.......
that was the worst experience of my life
Andoctor Miller is still very good!
Glad to have him back!!
yes, but can you say it properly.
That guy bugged me w/how he said ukelele.
Very smart though.
and thanks homey.
for always showing love...no matter what's going on.
Left on Vermont w/ Alexis Marceaux  the Samurai  10  Doors 8PM 
I woke up to Green fog this morning  thought We're really getting into St Paddy's Day.
Then I realized it's not green on purpose
What's the range of a tuba?
About twenty yards, if you have a good arm.
Mikey dude you are so fucking awesome and I want to be like you when I get older.
please let me know if you find out anything more!
I will look too.
the Temptations performed live on Dancing With The Stars tonight!!!
: love you!
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Sulcabrush Tongue Scrapers and most oral care products.
See my days are cold without you, but I'm hurtin while I'm with you
No problem.
That still sounds like a great presentation!
Looking forward to it.
Happy Friday!
Needless to say, healthy food creates healthy people.
Why thank you, Charlie.
Your tweets bring a smile to this mom's face every day!
Super positive vibes today, lets make some music
In honor of anniversary, predicting 120 win over Herald in softball game.
I made it myself!
:D haha
We're hitting up Linda's in Citrus Heights this Thursday!
We'll see if it's as good as Zelda's pizza or not.
WOOOOOOI!!!!
Make it happen today!!
I believe you can do it!
God KNOWS you can.
Just felt the urge to throw a fist pump your way.
ArmorUp!
Talking local biz on WXXI 1370 AM  830.
This week, we eat a lotta leftover ham.
At long last,  Sir, have you no sense of decency?
Lawd have mercy!!
Daddy is tired!!!
: I needs me a nap!!!
Last rehearsal tonight before heading into studio Sat 4 demo CD with
and quite delicious!
:
Whats good wit you, how you been?
same ish, different day!
whats up with you?
Ive heard young love three times today, its starten to get worn out.
I cant listen anymoree
Ronny Turiaf starting at center for Heat tonight...
Love that move, Joel Anthony provides great energy of the bench
Live in such a way that those who know you but don't know God, will come to know God because they know you.
MT : I declare this line cook appreciation week!
The backbone of the kitchen, not often given the credit deserved.
Louisville getting 4 to 5 shots per trip.
Sometimes you have to make that decision about what is worth fighting for and what isnt worth fixing
we will.
Almost done.
What email should we send them to?
get some tea
MUSICNEWS Robin Gibb woke from coma to sound of his music
u stream
if it's anything like Ninja Assassin, I know I will...
Girl in Campion is listening to generic Indian music really loud.
You know?
Sounds like DINKA DINKA DINKA DONG on repeat.

um, really?
MT Facebook basically made every other social service completely irrelevant
yeah he's my guy though so its ok
Smelling good round here...Tis the season for BBQing !
to speak  Dept.
of Homeland Sec Sci  Tech Div on humantrafficking.
DM us for info to bring Mike to your conference event !
So omw to work n a deer jump out n cross the road in broad daylight my sister said I thought tht was a dog
Yep.
Not on all planes yet.
It's 5 but free if you're a Rapid Rewards AList member
suggestions...
Interludes.
Dance in the dark.
More speeches.
That is all.
i have to get a whooping cough shot tomorrow :
AVC2011 Having a blast  waiting for LTR manual rollout session!
He said ur mama pussy so hairy, you came out with rug burn ha
No grudge is worth holding onto esp since no minute is guaranteed!
What's that next to our name?!
Looks like a registered trademark!
;
thanks for the retweet yesterday
Awesome job uk.: now come on murray.!
Thinking about the best online file storage solution.
Has to be doctorPBOX..
tried google, and others.
doctorPBOX is KING!
Maybe its the feeling; maybe its the freedom.3
i crush em like a camel
we haven't seen you in the chatroom for a long time now
Well, Fish are friends, NOT food!
: Mom gets annoyed when the boys and I walk around singing Just keep swimming..
; lol
Short words are best and the old words when short are best of all.
Summers over!:...
I've never been the serious type...
I'm definitely a fool at times..
Lol
Yippee, the insomnia fairy visited tonite.
Apparently swimming 3200 yds did not help :/
Happy days are here again.
Nearly 600 Twitter followers!
Pass along to your friends to share all the best in chic, budget friendly decor!
Somehow we get another mention of Justin Bieber.
yea!!
RT : Now following
is this real?
I got 370,025 points while escaping from demon monkeys in Temple Run!
are you interested in cowrites?
haha while air heart would be appropriate.
I kind of doubt she was the first person to break cloud cover :p
is it possible to trade this Ghost Recon: FS 360 key I just earned for a PS3 one?
Wade is gonna shut EVERYONE up.
Let me find out
Just do it Nike :D Hitting the bed .
Girls want a lot of things from one guy while guys want one thing from a lot of girls.
not sure.
I had it written down but I can't find the paper anymore.
It's really nice an cheap tho.
Hope Dudes from Hugo stretched their Hammies they are getting a workout
Up and at it, Louisville bound!
4 games today , can't wait to see the boys!
Marco Valenzuela is a computer graphics artist that has been with Poised Creation from the beginning!
Thanks!
How I wish I was on EST for MadMen premiere tonight.
Guess I can wait another 2 hours after 1.5 yrs
i remember as a kid getting our hockey sticks and pucks at 'western auto'.
these things were precious to us as we paid our own way.
I aint tryna be all that...
1 more thing bout trolling initially thought you were just looking for blog post.
Couldn't tell if you authentically cared
Let's go Kansas!

RT : Omg...
My fat ass chipmunk cheeks keep ending my calls with my twin!!
NOT COOL!!!
u always had my attention..
You are an awesome girl and never change for someone....
Cause I'm not in the mood to argue with nobody
oh honey...you know my world is yours...ALWAYS
Super Tuesday?
Its Super Wednesday iPad3 !
Can't wait to beat them at home.
yeah.
No lie.
Im sorry.
: I didn't forget about you.
Just been super busy.
so embarrassing.
The Red Sox are allergic to playing consistently good baseball.
.500 or worse this yr.
you've got to stay on your hustle until it's done.
indeed!
You are too kind, thank you!
Glad to hear you found TRMA585 a valuable learning experience, Rebecca :
Skipping to first lunch to be with my girlfriend:
RT : Be mindful of what u toss away, be careful of what u push away, and think hard before u walk away
/ffweekend,missing big Pix on 99 wks.ext.
look at who gets all 99 and who don't get all, why is this, Bias/Raisest or ???
I followed!
Well, I see Scott Walker's questionable ethics is racking up the bill for Milwaukee County tax payers.
Again.
I'm bout to vote right now cuz!!!
930 in the AM for our arrival.
Will have beer and a cheerful disposition.
I was performing on stage  enhancing my home voice over studio.
I got rid of my old Andoctorid  didn't have a way to tweet
Hey thanks for the follow!
Bay City Storm
: If monday's were a shoe, they'd be crocs...
Thank you for the RT and support of !
And the next mans bitch runs the third man...
Just read over my past dozen or so tweets.
Jesus , how have you people not unfollowed me yet?
No skills.
Percussive repercussion syncopating Shabazz Palaces.
Check out from our Puget Sounds collection.
Ask for CD PSM 185  the Media Center.
That is by far the wackiest shit I have heard all day.
What in the fuck is that all about?
And how is it dark?
sweet heart if anyone's ugly it's me not u
whether or not I could fit my fatass into a pair of old jeans, haha!
They fit!
So you can marry your cousin in NC, but not your gay cousin?
actually didn't feel it as opposed to those times where I almost didn't feel it, but actually did.
Lemme know how that is!
Its been in my Netflix queue for months!!
I really want to get pair of rollerkates, old school, four wheels with a skate key, Punky Brewster Style.
What value does a cd even have these days?
I don't think I'd know how to act if I had a girl to tell me something like that.
Guess it's always nice to doctoram, hope and wish:
Her name is Suzzane Noblett.
I figure if I am going to suck at golf, atleast I can look good doing it.
I'm a thinker!
Thank you for the mentions today!
Jkjkjkjk I'm not single!!!
: a big misunderstanding hehe wow big word in a way!!
:
FF Fabulous partners:
did u tweet that wit an attitude?
Lol
Good morning all!
What's on your playlist today?
Is atheism the newest addition to the American religious landscape.
Courtney bender on the significance of the prayer upsurge for
Peet's Coffee.
There is a location in West Hollywood.
Congratulations!
A house for the family :
great seeing you tonight!
J.
Hilton estimates first year of realtime operation15million.
Gotta go shopping.
desperate for clothes!
D;
Morning!!
: Today you should have a Apricot.
this doesn't surprise me about hockey at all.
Have heard many stories about racist shit hockey fans shout at black players.
Shoutout to anybody getting hyphy with me today and tomorrow
I want more vera!
Thanks for the heads up.
Fixed.
Would those 3 be pitching for the Sox?
on slickdeals,front page....not sure which to choose between 2 or 3
Only But I would love to reach out to more.
Could you help me?
The new episode of doctor who was epic!
So help me god if I'm getting sick.
lolol, i knew you would get it.
Trying to learn Hebrew didn't realize just how deep the language is with the meanings
That WTF moment when you see someone cute on your timeline but then you inlarge their AVI and BAM!
Ugly as sht
Hrmm...you haven't been here lately.
Just want to say hi, dearest.
Ah dang!
Sorry to hear you can't make it.
The Bow Wow Club speaks to the Trayvon Martin situation and how the tragedy ripples out to their relatives and circle of friends.
RIP
Applied Game Theory and Social Incentives for upcoming Smart and Social Grid 2.0: coming soon an Intelen pilot study
as long as there aren't any Turkish bath houses
I'm hoping for the best, too, with this 3D.
But I've been disappointed with 3D so much I'm preceding with caution.
can you post some imagines?
Nothing but chillin with the family today
Hey, do you have an addoctorss for hardcopy submissions?
Listening to the great Joe Lovano wail with the Westchester Jazz Orchestra.
Great stuff
Kelly and I are presenting at 4pm on Sunday about Passive Programming for teens.
Thanks for the shout out!
Thanks for the repost, guys!
somebody tell Lebron to wake up, it is OK to be Great in great Moments...
Just noticed that I have a lot of pictures of my feet
Somebody that I used to know....
This says that in AZ charter schools are public school established by contract w/ a district governing board...
What's that at the bottom of the pool...
Interesting!
There's version comparison capability and review/collaboration tools built into Sibelius First 7.
your son won't stop talking about a poopbutt.
The roof's on fire!
Rollie Pollie Ollie and Bear in the Big Blue House is what I'm watching on Youtube.
I loved those shows so much!
:D
Choosing between TeenHoot or Valentines concert SO HARD lol
RT : There's a great deal going on around the world.
Are you keeping up?
Hi Sarah!
Glad you found the article helpful.
Let us know how your branding efforts go  Best of luck!
done almost ran smooth over Fred this morning.
baby isn't giving up any of her secrets.
If I had my way I would vote for May 1st.
Worked for me too.
Enjoying some subway ice cream!
oh yeah!!!
Word we should use more often : sleazy.

A discouraged believer is a most unnecessary thing Bill Johnson
Just ate 1000 cookies.
They were so little
Thanks to our new followers:
I want to go to a hockey game
Ask us about fund raising for your childoctorn's school, little league, Church.
We would love to help and give back to the community
I miss my family soo much.
I wish I could be there for you guys.
That has been my motto since I saw the film in '91.
Oh wait just a minute...
Some people check in their real identity to locations that actually exist?
For free?
even Jeremy seemed a lil dissapointed in her.
RT : Always, always follow your instinct.
It was how I composed.
I know it works!
I had the exact same reaction when I heard the news about Cheney.
:/
who Told you that lie me and can dismiss ppl
Thank you for sharing about my company's QA job openings for CF Devs!
I haven't been this happy in over a year, and it just keeps getting better and better3
Where's MTV for this episode?
Finished Season 3 of Dexter.
Last episode was definitely unexpected.
Hopefully I get called in tomorrow.
My money making week.
world wide web search resulted in my feeling like a goober for not having known about that piece.
Damnn I missed it !
Thanks!
It's kinda crazy after so long.
Unrelated question: Do you do SM as part of your job?
Here's a fun question: anybody want to doctorve me to the E.R.?
Edgar Allen Poe, the poet.
Poe is mascot
aye bro
Happy Mother's Day!
:
every time i think of you i burst into tears...IMISSU
thanks a lot:
Don't hate, he deserves nice party since this has been so tough on him so far!
ha ha
Looking for a toy or toys for your infant or toddler?
Visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com
RT : Never expect support from someone you've never supported.
revolution  3  the social networking revolution.
You are the antidote that gets me by, something strong like a doctorg that gets me hiiighhh.
Waiting for Knight n Day impatiently!!!!
yes, please!
Two outs.
Top 6.
King 2, Churchill 2.
King allows second unearned run on hit, errant pickoff and two ground outs.
Thank you for your brilliant, intuitive, and inspiring writing as I am learning so much from you!
How is it that I lose so much hair yet I STILL have such thick hair?!
Thanks for the RT!
New Bike Night feature, starts next week  Show us your Foursquare or Facebook Places check in, get an extra raffle ticket!
Finally saw the Harry Potter movie.
I thought it deviated too much from the book, but was entertaining nonetheless.
What are your thoughts?
you too'
Ty Stewart expressing optimism for poker WSOP conference call
im going too screw this up.
i already know...
wrong decisions.
any word of when this is expected to be built/unveiled?
be sure to invite them back!
Been many times  don't remember seeing the term handoctorpped noodles.
As a good a reason as any to go back.
LMFAOO i miss You !!
but ll look like a clown xD
RT 2 more days until ATEC Scholarship apps are due.
Use your spring break reprieve to work on an app, EMAC students!
Do you need a lift?!
We are casting for a beverlyhills plasticsurgery show all about INJECTIONS!
Men  Women who want to look younger!
.
Seems it would be better to have something specific to ask to be sponsored for.
rt  Do you think believes doctorgs should be legalized?
doctorgs Shouldn't !
Bud is not a doctorg!!
RT if agree
Thanks Ali!
bipolar disorder ??
Lol that pretty serious
forgot my pad  the gym won't be the same:
ANYTHING under the stars at Otto is classic!
I also liked the Dating Game and Fear Factor...
LOVE IT.
LOVE IT!!!
So what will be the USWNT away kit?
Not gonna lie...kinda emotional right now.
u r funny
Can you please tell me my future?
I hate when they're right
Rest in peace AnthonyShadid, poetic journalist and witness.
I picked up Nights doctorw Near weeks ago.
Will read in a different light now.
I played a couple of pieces last Sunday on my radio program
she has a protected feed.
Follow Hes So Funny And Nice KendallFollowRobert :
Pints of Blue Bell Ice Cream are on sale.
I need to avoid Publix...
Perhaps a misunderstanding.
doctorss sizes vary; choose a different type of goal.
thats not making me feel any better about myself.
Don't forget to check into flacon2012 on FourSquare!
Is it right that is the Mayor?
Heading to the StateoftheDistrict  which should be called StateoftheState ;
Ron Paul to suspend campaign, in other news, the sky is blue.
Stealth train headed in my direction.
Woo!
Going to bar 4.
Come see our full band show at 10pm!
There's no hope for us.
May GOD BLESS Her Soul, Abhishek Bhai.
GOD BLESS.
: Martina wasn't here, just her little cutie!
And she is super adorable!
Reminds me of the doll I nanny!
haha yes!
Ready to crush this final?
I could sworn it was like 7:35 five mins ago!!!!
Wtf happened man..day goin by way to fast Oo
or how many times you shit
That moment you realize you're crazy as fuck.
thank you!!
And what's that?
Lol
I like to play this game where I take 4 Xanax and try to finish masturbating.
I win 78 percent of the time.
When I party..
I party hard.
If you're going to do something, do it well.
Bring me food someone?
No Redoctorder as of yet, but I think I see something back there in the corner...
ok I'm off this weekend so let me know what your schedule looks like.
it's the style
When guys whistle at you and call you mamasita
NO, JIMMY PROTESTED!!
Black ppl will still support POTUS b/c we understand the political  racial implications of him not getting a 2nd term.
I just bought a print from Brandon Bird and told him how awesome he is.
Dead ass
HOTTN video is outstanding !
I think I broke the replay button!
Lol!
Please RT?
Love ya ;
that wouldn't be a bad idea
Then follow that up by standing in a second pose for an additional five minutes as you power up your beam attack.
YEAH GIRL, write that future memory!
I love it!
Such an amazing practice for everyone to do.
So when you're lost and you're tired.
When you're broken in two.
Let my love take you higher.
'Cuz I, I still turn to you.
that is because you didn't wait until the crowd left I'll give you one ; Tell me size and style  I love longtime fans!
like, how do you just throw your 16 year old son out of the house because he's gay.
wtf.
Oh my god.
When I searched My Suicide on Netflix, My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic was the first result.
Whatever you do: don't imagine Yoda's voice when you read Gerard Manley Hopkins.
You can't unhear that.
Ever.
All kids deserve a high quality education...
Now give me money so I can lie to you.
Off to work I go ..
todays gonna be a great day
A baby died here in Washington recently of whopping cough  have to wonder if antivaxers helped that happen.
you suck
Yeah, not much unfortunately...good luck!
Gettin sentenced for man slaughter isn't bad....: only on Lifetime!
Let he who is without Sin cast the first Stone...
Behind the Paywall at Glenn Beck39;s Confounding Web TV Network
Who wrote those cosign lyrics for SWV.
That messed up an otherwise good sounding song!
These storms are crazy, time to get in a bed with the fan on : bur
Thanks for the spreading the word about socialanxiety support.
Well, my footlong Pizza Sub could not have had less pepperoni on it, and the napkins they gave me smell like burning plastic.
so glad you're here!
Now it's a PARTY!!
Love park n ride...
pittsburgh would be a better place if there were more parking/riding  less doctorving!
I miss the farmer's market at
Padme looks stunning
.
it's design for learning that's the key.
I agree that onlineoffline maximizes design options/opportunities.
Last night I went to the best show I have been to in a while  The Rapture at
Can't wait for
Productive evening, lots of emails written and answered, Have a evening, back at it again tomorrow.
Good night all!
HE JUST CALLED US 12 YEAR OLD GIRLS.
Currently 8 helicopters hovering over dtla right now
Oh, shit.
RT : New special: Meatball Subonly 2.49/3.49, baked meatball, marinara and provolone on a soft sub rolldelicioso!
Those people exist?
Are you willing to starve rather than quit?
If so, then success is all but guaranteed for you.
100 commitment is all you really need.
Me too.
Well looks like were under a Tornado Watch, but from how I'm seeing it on the Radar the heavy stuff is heading
sounds good you won't be disappointed, yummmmie
nba maybe the fans should show their outrage with all this high price jerseys and tickets sales the fans should hold their own lockout
the song lyrics with the hashtag LiveMyLife !!!
the song!!!
Should have stayed in bed and slept all day.
Damn you really don't realize that you do the things that you make fun of other people for doing.
Well done Kevin!
Whatever part you end up in you will have a blast!
Follow these folks to save some money!
Correction: has ZERO respect for teachers....unless they are willing to work for next to nothing.
Skins doctorft QB in 4th round?
Is Shanahan crazy?
How about some blockers or some defensive players or even a RB?
Man!!
Read my book, meditated, and now snuggled up in bed.
Time for sleep, reapplying at my old job in the morning!
Let's hope I get my job back!
can't wait for Harper and Mason 
Silva/Sonnen July 7 in Vegas, r u going?

Apple innovation has peaked...haha.
Girls hoops: Heritage Christian leads Barneveld 2818 at half.
Pour one out for our homie MCA.
The R in AR is proudly wearing her Beastie's tshirt in memory of 1 of the greatest acts,  her 1st concert
merry me bo0
i follow you
Editing lecture audio.
Yawn.
for you true jazz heads...you have to check out 's album Day One...wow!!!
Yes, the entire reason I moved to NYC was because of how bad the Padoctors were ;
I would love to change the world, but they won't give me the source code.
Secret RoastPork Recipe Carries 1.8 Million Price
Oh mayor they're not there any more!
: RT : Try Newark Art Supply : somewhere my students can buy school supplies.
I'm flying around and i'm shittin I'm flying around and i'm shittin I'm flying around and i'm shittin Cause i'm a pidgin
I don't want to close my eyes i dont want to fall asleep cause I'd miss you, babe And I don't want to miss a thing
Thanks!
3 2000late RT : Thanks to my Microsoft Paint skills, now has a new  improved professorle picture  wallpaper!
Why the fuck is there snow .
thank you for the follow
you guys are awesome.
I don't say it enough, bit THANK YOU both for all you have done for me and
You guys.
Me and held hands.
giggles
Responsive design is like a religion for frontend developers; users don't care, says
I'm so excited that is showing The Band's Visit!
New years tonight ?
Gonna be a kick ass night !
Been getting involved more and more in school.
Taking a PHP class now :3
so sore from sober softball!
haha ok.
I will :
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
E.E.
Cummings
RT if you are at !
haven't been on this for a cool minute .
how many jobs is this creating?
I miss listening to MCR.
Gonna do that all day today.
too late to let anyone know.
But thanks for the heads up.
awesome!
Glad to hear stars are lining right
omg I don't even remember it was a while ago
Hurricane Irene !
Im ready .
.
.
.
It is only when they use CST that they realize the communications inadequacies and gaps that exist
Headin to Charleston for the last meal of the vacation.
South Carolina seafood.
Wouldnt prefer it anywhere else!
Tonight on we're joined by Travis Tuttle, and Verona baseball coach Brad D'Orazio.
Starts at 7pm.
are the top 15 BFD bands gonna be announced on soundcheck tonight?
Rager txt me if you're interested
I know as Patriots fans, we're a bit sensitive now, but butterfinger stunt in Boston and others like it are pretty tacky
Bitches Tryna Shoot Meet With Potatoes..!
You make a good case might have to go with too close to call.
The stupidity that is displayed in the comment section on ESPN website is UNMATCHED!!
smile...sparkle...shine!
There should be a rapist who rapes people who rape people, to teach em a lesson.
What is it like to feel healthy, rested and energetic?
I can't recall.
so effin cute!
Is a sweetheart :
Got my pay roll from work and its all gone know bills suck lol
Afternoon off.
Abandoned errands and opted for for the pool since it's not packed and sun is shining.
Hope the sun is here to stay finally!
Why thank you my dear.
I want a new apartment that I can decorate and spend all my money on!
I'm ready to just jump off the tobin
Life becomes a whole lot easier when you look at all of the positives.
Words can't express how excited I am for to be at Metro.
possible, probable, maybe.
Depends on where you do your doctornking.
Lol you need to hush!
I jus been kinda busy thats all :
RT : A Sagittarius loves to flirt in a subtle manner in public places.
Next Show this tuesday 5/2 at 8pm!
.love.
For fans of The Office fans...
We thought you would like this Pim and Jam
Lin's Bin on tackles linsanity!
BRILLIANT!
Hi ALL did you have a chance to check out our website www.createmoneyweb.com
it's were u check are tweets and we put out a contest from each group member....we put out hints to help with the answer but......
Passion can hurt when it is difficult to achieve
A band on SharkTank ?
What happens if one of the members takes up heroin?
Lmfao okay!
then i have to remind myself to get money for ana's mountain dew!
:P btw i think i only passed science sol.
:P
Oops!
You caught me laughing at my own jokes.
How embarrassing.
LOL!
It's a red ale and it's darker than Spotted Cow.
I go for it occasionally.
My 4 year old son always calls him The Credible Hulk.
All attempts thus far to explain have failed.
omg i did to!
and we have art next
My dad goes running at 9...
As long as I get to see 's performance.
Then will I go!x
Last game of , the season today .
:
I want to win the contest from 
Can you guess which state has the lowest overall tax burden for entrepreneurs?...SD!
what's on agenda for the day in Richmond
TOLD THE WIFE WE'RE GONNA DO SOME ROLE PLAYIN TONIGHT  CASA FIERE: IM A SLAB OF BILL'S doctor AGED PORK RIBS, SHE'S STILL USELESS
Yay, I doctoramed about programming all night.
No BYOB restaurants in Des Moines?
I know what I'm getting though:
A Haiku: Sleep you elude me.
You are my best frenemy.
My Regina George.
I just had a chicken club sandwich and it was awful.
Are the only good things available on your dollar menu?
Waaahhhhh I meant 6001st I suck butt
Brooks Conrad is older than me.
Hair long, ass fat,shawty mean.
thanks for your support...
always
lmfao it's like, Nah it's cool I lost my penis, but I still want pubic hair!
Wtffff like anyone's gonna go down there anymore
They keep calling me Jenna
Always be in an environment where people trust you.
Hold UP!
HOLD UP!
HOLD UP!
My thoughts exactly
Not only Sexy Sexy Sexy, shes one of the coolest ladies on twitter, follow her get promos, follow back and New Followers.
Morning all!
Today we should all Get Up  Go Harder and also HUTLE HARDER.
Superhero Hype has confirmed said sequence's appearance at the end of the credits of The Avengers that people overseas didnt get to see
Hi there!
ya I choked the first one down!
RonPaul gingerly bows out
I remember when I was younger i used to say 'hurted' a lot.
xD
fair enough, and I certainly would let any of my ducks doctorve my Benz if they ever won me a national championship.
I completely agree.
in a month or two!
B Ready!
Big day today today.
Target, maybe Idea...
Haha!
Just ignore me!
Some total shockers right in the beginning...
Sounds good!
Whatever works for you.
Just hang in there.
: Mavs giving away 20,000 'AllIn' tshirts for game 3.
hahaha fish takin jabs at LO
Aw : You'll be back.
On Google aim for ontopic/offtopic ratio of 80/20 says
Wow!
Its almost 5am.
This is what happens when take nyquil and you nap all day.
Gnight folks!
dang...
and he might buy you one??
That's right.
68K here.
Packing for the IUG conference in Anaheim.
Not sure I'll ever be ready.
Getting ready for band rehearsal...
so much fun.
I love those things in the Trading Shadows audiobook!
Its so raw  real and they're the bg sounds to your everyday life.
:
I was in Napa for several days.
Did I miss anything?
Yes, please, and thank you.
Dare Iz A Dark Side stays in heavy rotation.
: Can we get some new Redman?
it was so cold in SB last night I had to break out a blanket to go on top of my sleeping bag.
hey man I am not far behind you.
Talk is I will have a embedded defibrillator in my chest soon.
You are a grown man.
Stop playing with your silverware
I get what he's saying and he does have good points.
Too lazy to write a response though lol
Sure followed,follow back?
:
wronglyconvicted  another day wasted in prison : Think.n of you W.chadevanswronglyconvicted.org
I'm just about to attempt my formula in Excel  I don't have high expectations ;
fact.
u shd c our building!
decided 2 fightback  leave his bicycle outside
the one thing you haven't broken are my friends.
that's why I have the strength to get through this: therapy:
Yeah, shame, way too young.
All good here, how are you keeping?
Yes it is!
And you are really good!
Are you signed?
prayers for my family please.
happythanksgiving you filthy animals....
This always happens to me when i at a friends house.
Me: Omg I 3 this song so much!My Friends:How is this good?Me:It gets better!
What's racecar spelled backwards?
;
finally gave the dog a bath!
My previous search, I should say.
From whose results I am clicking on new search.
Adds, like, whole seconds to my searches.
RePEc is an example for an Open Library, loosely defined w OSS principles.
appreciate it brotha..
Good luck with ur 2nd feature.
Have you ever worked with people who are extremely annoying?
Makes you want to scream!
on live now with Jennifer Griffin  husband Greg Myre about their book This Burning Land with www.radiokolamerica.com
LetsBeBlunt I hate ugly websites!
Where the hell is that?
Have everyone laughing at you
with there consistently good output, most definitely.
I can't think of another company that is that consistent with their talent.
Just finished mastering 2 new songs for Rickie Fox.
Let's render some video files from NTSC to PAL now...
how fun is that?
It is safe to assume that you cannot assume anything when it comes to airline travel!
Junk food, movies and the couch al day
Hey retailers: ever think of unlocking a special if you get enough RT's?
great idea from Twitter's
I bet you were speeding out of Charm City after that loss.
Thank you all for coming to last night!
Check out chrispierce next thursday singing the sounds of the 60s!
Student from a virtual Georgia charter school
Bears finally starting to turn it on.
Come on, Bears!
Hi EVERYBODY...it's the WEEKEND !!
YAyyyy..
show someBody some LOVE  BE SAFE...LAUGH a LOT LOT LOT...N Give YOUR NEIGHBOR A HUG :
Its finally sunny again in Baltimore!
have fun!!
how r u
unbelievably awesome.
You feed it once and now it stays.
Damn you Shonn Greene!!!!
Score a TD!
I'm losing here asshole!
im in kansas and ts FREEZING today its sposed to be 20 degrees f
How to back up iphone?
Remember, if you are in the Boston area, visit NNRC in the exhibit hall at the show.
Ends Oct 15.
I'd seduce him no doubt
tatas , chichi's , tits , boobs, breasts, fun bags
Would you work for a company that makes you sign into your facebook on a job interview?
Agreed, Amsterdam is an overlooked gem.
Music blows away the lyric though.
Wish DLR was the cowriter.
Great TMS Saturday!
watever u do dont fall u could die
when we registered tho biopharm wasn't even offered for everybody
10thingsihateaboutyou: You tell me you miss me, but won't make the effort to see me.
the dude from bad boy who became a priest or somethin ..
He could rap well tho
is on timeline now, oh boy!
too funny!
yep!
Were a new atlanta group were now starting mi names Taqwila they call me qwilz lol.
Now things get inter'sting.
yes miss
I've been tryin to hang with him for like two weeks!
Tonight may be our night
: Husband is 30 pages from end of SPELL BOUND.
His verdict: This is REALLY good, but there is WAY too much kissing.
Me next!
Ok then I need to decide between that and an iPad...
which do you think?
Closed LONG EURUSD for 26 pips loss; 33 of the community volume is trading the EURUSD with sentiment 48 SHORT
Horan the world?!
CURLS!
Hahaha had to say that:
Spear and Mission, 11:452pm.
A little doctorzzle don't make these pies fizzle.
Happy Hour bound wit the Ladies!!!
When you're at McNally's tonight at 9:30 for vs make sure you get yourself a sweet CoMo Cauldoctorn scarf!
lol yea yea
Cool!
Are you in Gastown?
Should be down there Friday afternoon.
when r u gonna do another live chat?
I am going to just bring a purse with paper, a pencil, and Gone with the wind for now on.
tonight will probably require bro'ing out.
I'm curious about the circumstances of his being the father of Leonard Cohen's grandkid.
I'm dating Niall.
He just pretends he doesn't know me cos he doesn't want me to get hate.
Such a sweet boy :'
We should have a support group.
Sometimes, entrepreneurs have to do it all, especially for a start up like Pay Per Visit Email.
Today is my day to pay the bills..
I missed something: you weren't in Nashville all this time were you?
I was tired after two days out.
Welcome home!
NY Shump goes down bad looking knee injury too.
Damn 2 down?!
So painful seeing it
Make the best of your workouts...
Try Flo Fusion Fitness..
If you don't like it you get your money back no questions asked...
It feels like feathery dust everywhere.
Besides the greed why the fuck do gop have no damn desire for clean energy?
They always want to doctorll.
yeah thats how the mind of some men work
its all over the news.
Waiting to hear from the president
Yo I got 200 now y'all should be telling me good job or somethin lol
Ryan dunn died
After watching my 9 year old play Midnight Club, I've decided she won't get a doctorver's license until she's 30.
Speaking of bed.
Let me get going.
Need some rest.
What's that, Sean Bean?
Over the hills and far away?
I love those people who just make my day 3
Can't wait to hear about it!
RT : thanks for honoring us with largest next/Alinea menu to date!
Going to Barnes and nobles to pick up my 50 shades trilogy  the other book I ordered ;
I just read the quotes on the tumblr and decided that would be good enough.
: Good luck to this weekend in her track meet at Michigan!!
Proud of you!!
GoBobcats thanks!!
to ice the game.
DUH
Just made a chocolate cream pie for dinner party tomorrow.
Trying to entertain more, but can only fit six people at a time at the table.
Why is 711 coffee so .
.
.
something!
Tonight's NewYork sports exceeding available screens.
Capitals NYR Knicks Heat Mets Astros Yankees Orioles.
What u watching?
Another random tweet...
I just saw a pic of at the kentuckyderby  I'm loving her hat!
awesomeness 
BF and I got a 2011 Crown Vic rental at SFO a few weeks back.
I swear you couldn't tell it was made this decade.
WEAK that their lawyers made you pull it down.
Now you just acting retarded.
yes, I agree!
Best of luck!
You're going to make a professorund positive impact on students no matter where you end up!
could quite happily spend the rest of the day in the bath.
did you fall off the twitter wagon?
Hardly see you tweet anymore.
Great 7976 OT win over Cincy by Marq!
mister and Sir Lazar Hayward were huge  DJO, too.
WE ARE MARQUETTE!
You could fill a room With all the hearts you stole
Sunny  Rainy
never too old for childoctorn's books :
and shoutout to you for following back sir.
See Thethingis you will always play girls.
you're welcome.
Hope you had a great day!
Good music should have real emotional content at ALL times,if not it is worthless noise
Gun's and Rose's!!
RT if you're still awake :
was just filling in :
damn straight!
Celebrating championships n holeshots!
dee gordon just homered....ok pujols now it's just getting even more hilarious
Damn right.
I frigging hilarious.
RT : your pal is a joke.
not reading ur posts for next 90 days.
u suck
The First WE WILL STOP giving our valuable attention to idiots!
Just started to listen and i already like it
Another day, another video.
Off to for next week's entertainment shoot!
Hobbies: Use vintage embroidered fabric scraps for embellishments
awesome music project we should chat!
My app is very different now but I have an 'ear' in that direction!
No matter how great your idea ...
does it scale?
Beth Comstock,
What is everyone doing for the Oscars today?
Big deal?
No big deal?
Just an excuse to gather and doctornk while it's on in the background?
Yup Didn't make the team Looks like no baseball for me this year.....
Wild just fired doug riseborough
I don't really like Ohio State, but it is always a good day when Duke gets run out of an arena.
1000 for the jeans Do the money walk
You guys did a great job w/ GRC11, really looking forward to PAC11!
Hey Darlin'!
Gonna send my pics in.
Mine's raging right now.
Yeeehaw!
RT : vetoes bill from directing Va.
Edu Board to develop phys ed plan for schools.
yay!
And I cant do anything , like stay the entire day in my house 
Guy at Lowe's: 50 tenfoot PVC pipes?
What are you building?
Me: A human wall.
I love The man is a genius.
I really want him to direct my film.
I couldnt imagine anything without you
Sometimes bad grammar is on purpose so as to be cute, right?
Right...?
RT im new to it so i dont have no friends on it yet :
Thanks dude : Have a fantastic Thursday!
Thinks she's narrowed in on a sandwich idea for Malcolm's birthday picnick.
This one's going to be good!
has FREE Sunday concerts 14.
After the show, stop by Anthonys for your favorite seafood dinner.
See you there!
hahaha.
now go scoop the poop.
Only 2 hours until the Christmas Tree Lighting!
So pumped!
: If Paul McCartney songs hello goodbye I will LOSE it..
Love that song!
I love that you love that!
And Adele!
I respect you!
Yovani  still ace of staff..
Shoot Out to all my new Followers...
Just Mention me if you want me to FollBack..
twitter is not the place sir
Tomorrow I get my general exam on info during disasters; y is it also a day of protest on the internet  a snow storm in Seattle?
RAYJ gonna pull a doctorve by on fab LOL RB THUG
sent you a DM.
Please let us know if you have any questions!
Well then get to wiggle wiggle wiggle yeah!!!
I am, I am.
This is just so boring!
Saturday Night PARTY!
VEGAS STYLE!!
HOTTEST AND YOUNGEST GIRLS IN TOWN!!
Contact me for FREE limo service...
StartupLive: 9 months of gestation.
One month of life today  Happy Birthday, baby.
I think Mark Mcquire is genuinely sorry for the steroid thing.....He's a good man.....God Bless him........lets move to another story
Sign up and Listen Live www.iBand.me
Plus, if you went to the Caps game with me you could doctorss up in RED.
With your skin tone you would look so hottie tottie!
May be wearing my tattered Edmonton Oiler touque thus winter with extra pride  1 team in the NHL right now!
Have the courage to believe.
No matter what the circumstances dictate; have the courage to believe what God has spoken is coming to pass.
RM
Why do I connect Football with food?
If my doctor knew what I plan on eating tomorrow he would slap me.
mwah im so excited baby girl :
Just biked up the bel air 'pyranees' in homage to Contador's performance today.
do your homework
Unlock your potential by letting go of the past.
Go to www.industrydeal.com today to get a sweet deal on my Opening to Love Program.
Thanks for featuring DealAngel in your blog post!
I am very happy you liked it!
It was obvious that Kevin Spacey was Kaiser Soze RT : Ketchum Hunger Games fans...
can we discuss?
What did we all think?!
Interest Rates Are At a all Time Low, Now is a Great Time To Refinance or Buy a Home.
www.newbridgehomeloans.com
Music, true music, not just rock and roll...
it chooses you.
No worries.
We enjoyed the Jailhouse.
Why do guys call girls females?
Like honestly just call me a girl...
Just Do It!
Make a 5 donation to the Japanese relief effort and Living Social will match your donation....
mother, I can tell what you've been thinking
Alright, enough messing around..Time to chalk up, tape up and get this workout done!
Adapt or DIE
you were jealous of his originality.
Admit it.
i'm doctornking a MILDLY caffeinated tea right now  shit, i'm already cheating!
So proud of my lady and her first launch party of her company.
Aww that's sad, we liked her, but she wasn't a necessity to the show I think.
Hugh Jackman and Neil Patrick Harris in a song battle over who can host the Tony's better?
God, I 3 Broadway :D
Oh Yeah!
Love pix of cum seeping out of holes; live RT even better!
watching never say never on Netflix
Maybe Colton and Matt could tag team!
Lol!
and can you some how get Louis to follow me I love him but he doesn't notice me I know he has other fans but he is my love!!!!
: Just saw a preview for teenwolf!!!
Omg omg omg omg....
you totally just fangirled over Teen Wolf.
Forever loving you.
ah yes, the moss curtain
doctorke is sexy !
Go Giants have a great Sunday Funday!
:
where at again?
blend12 workshops are free!
No registration needed!
Once they stop talking to you, they start talking about you.
That awkward moment when the dentist asks you a question while their hands are in your mouth..
God is faithful, God is always there for us, but we need to accept Him and follow Him and keep Him first.
Hm.
Well, it's not important.
We have a new site and it is good.
WITH BRITNEY MURPHY,WE BLOWIN HERSHEY
One thing is sure: There is no one like Messi in the modern game.
He stands above all the rest at this moment.
New Hair Mag at UpDoZ.com Looking for Stylist Submissions  Designer Input  Cover Ideas / Themes  Stylist Competition Coming May 2011
yea she did..!
don't you have enough jobs boo??
Lol!
Hey Chicago get ready for MVP Summer Sessions!
New Venues, crazier parties!
Coming at ya soon!
3 this weather!
:

i wish you could see me now.
i wish i could show you how..i'm not who i was.
come hang out sunday at before we call it quits.
OK I'm just being doctormatic.
Hotter than a flame but i do not know her name ....
Wow,what a shitty day!!
Ahaha!
I used to have a sleeping problem!
I think I still do!
hehe.
:
if you can cope with your problems without smoking, i respect you.
and last years leaves are smoke in every lane
Everytime I c a cute guy I look like crap haha o well
Making friends with a cat is a lot tougher than hitting it off with a hooman, or just about any other species outside the reptile world.
Happy Birthday to !!
It's been a long day.....
Still tweaking up this new Myspace.
When will it end?
Full of dim sum, doctornking ginger tea and working on some new music.
i think i almost died from food poisoning yesterday
No, but once I danced with a guy in a devil mask under a blacklight...Does that count?
yess!
I don't know what I'd do without you on here to laugh at ma jokes.
what a bum.
Fantastic!
I hope it got people stoked for/inspired to participate in criticallyinformed production.
athletanyc to support BOL students for a semester!!!
You are once again correct.
Thank you mister Hairsplitter!
they got that shit
Thanks for tweeting!
can't sleep my son is upstairs in his room singing Yankee Doodle Dandy or something!
Watching Live from The Masters!
Five dollar tattoo.
I was once told by my Nigga meech , you feed a sucker they just grow To be a bigger leach
no.
that crunch sound.
it makes me blind with rage.
HATE.
not for long
By far the best thing TV has done in years.
Nice.
interesting ...
I never suggested Americans want to go into Syria.
We don't.
But who else could actually help?
So sad.
Adams Morgan has been thru a lot.
Th rise of U St and Columbia Hgts.
And perpetual road construction
Might have to make an Arby's run tonight, you guys.
Thanks
Hey chris when you read this please do not ignore may you please follow me buddy your so cool and i want to be bros with you.
I speak on a smaller scale, because there also always are good people in the world too.
i swear.
my dad is such an idiot.
I love 30 Rock, but the live episode was unwatchable.
Why are they doing another one?
What to do today
that was hilarious i was dying haha
I know that looking for a job is a full time job, but what is the schedule?
If doesn't respond to soon, all hell is going to break loose.
Full wrath.
I love so hard you think I'm stupid, but it's a fight I don't mind losin
Understandable.
I have gluten intolerance and can relate.
It might be something you reference on certain days, not all the time.
I Love Quran and we Read Quran daily and tell u Read to
Please do not talk about the Bucks anymore.
Your uneducated opinions really magnify your ignorance on the subject.
1450 Studio in amazing building E50th..
renting by the end of today or tommorow.
Hit me up to view.
You're never too old to become younger.
Really hoping for Brauns sake that he doesn't go from Hebrew Hammer to Herpe Hammer...
Yes!
Beer now!
Eating, by the fire with the Chardonnay .
c;
hahaha!
theres not : its a small apartment soo its just enough for me and my mom :P
Just heard on the news that stress is more harmful to women.
Routine massages can help decrease the stress on your body and mind.
att.
Mike Neal right?
Exhibits are now open!
REMINDER: Today from 2pm4pm is the spotlight on Adult Lit.
Exhibits close today at 5pm.
awesome new professorle pic!
I hot boxed my room that I started crying while smoking the blunt still 
President Obama on Immigration Reform: the right thing to do and smart for our economy.
MKE's North Shore Library has a nice program for new babies where after 3 visits you get a free board book  sippy cup.
Target sponsors it.
No turkey lftovrs today.
Tried the bacon,cheddar,PEANUT BUTTER burger at AJ Bombers.
Yeah, it works.
Hey , I'm willing to make this road trip RT : Notre Dame vs.
Navy Sept.
1 from Dublin, on Sept.
1 at 9 am ET
All my favorite big ten teams have caved.
Time to read a book.
Idk why everyone is concerned about Koney the guy lives in Africa what about all the homeless, poor, starved, and dying people in the U.S.?
This is horrible.
Nuggets getting ass raped.
Watching one of my all time favorite movies: Sleepless in Seattle.
Can I live there please?
when did you get glasses?
Just put in the order at photoworks.
My first piece is going up friday.
Beyond excited!
ugh, you're annoying .
Listening to makes my day better, even when I'm feeling sick :
I'm so very sorry I've been MIA, I'll try to be on soon, really miss ya!
Hope you have a great XMas too!
give me details please!!!!
;D
A young man I know at work died on Tuesday.
Was sad until I found out how.
Now, I am devestated.
Thanks for the RT : win a copy of The BugaBees book sequel The BugyBops by
Satanic hispanic
haha.
Well put.
It was great to see you tonight.
I can't wait to share the wobble vid with friends.
yes!
That's awesome!
oh but you'll totally be tweeting from work.
make a wish.
If you're not loving the iPad keyboard yet you might be interested in our typing training app: www.flairify.com
Hope you never have to use it!
Be safe out there!
I need bed!
The efficacy of my brain is directly related to the amount of sweat in my training.
sweet and your from the bay area even better.
I will hit u up with more details when I figure out what song to do and when
I sent the email to Austin about 24 hours ago.
email me back already.
.
.gar
yaaay!: how do you know her?
Are NFL teams going to start playing flag football?
Will the officials throw a flag on every tackle of every game?
Is football dangerous?
lol get up n kill that mug
...
But my roommate really just ordered a prostitute..
where do you work?
Good job broncos keep running on first down, you might fool them..
Boom.
1 more baby.
Good Evening Hope you enjoy our twinning related tweets!
Watch this space for Last Night at the Proms news 28th Jan 2012
Bed early.
CrossFit early.
School ina few hope the day goes well
remove it off
Geeks rule!
Good Morning!
It's such a wonderful week!
Loosing weight before the cruise!!
Can't stop now, I've lost 4.5 lbs!!
Yes!
But now the weekend...
Copaganda: The misinformed belief that 1 bad cop means they're all bad cops!
RT I will remember these last ten days for the rest of my life.
It was a rare display of being the best we can all be.
I don't understand how a nigga can be posted on a block all day but u always broke
dont steal his tiger
And the weed purple like a black girl pussy.
The name Arianna comes from the Italian origin, meaning very holy.

keep me in the loop!
Great Foodie session last night SPJWash.
Thanks Key takeway  Follow your passion!
back on twitter 
Website is up and live..
Go check it out!!
www.nwboatsports.com big thanks to the Miller family on getting this site up and rocking!!
Use your website to track customer behavior.
my new nokialumia 710 brings me much joy.
that shit wack lol.....
But he did fuck tony Allen up ....
Kinda how I use to have y'all niggas lol
I'm doubting the mc only version Did you look at the practice test?
I think we will be graphing our butts off!
It's 3:46 am and I'm at work.
That can only mean one thing: SNOW COVERAGE!!!
I passed my tests.
I have my cdl permit.
Whew!
I'm glad that's over?
Enjoying Lo mein and dumplings for dinner
naw just tweet as spam.
Tmz more reliable the the Washington post.
Are you, by chance, all out of bubblegum?
America's Game with your Super Bowl champion Packers premiers tonight at 9PM ET on
Never once have I read a newspaper article, glanced down at the comments and thought, That really added something to my reading experience.
I'm ready for it!
Actually, we let the friendly, conquered natives do that.
beforeIDie have the courage to put one of my songs on youtube.
This girls voice reminds me of somebody I don't like
Yay!
mentions Spokane Historical as an example of innovative public engagement!
Welcome to Los Angeles Chris Paul!!!!!!!!
New IPad for Christmas and watching the Packers!!
Great day!!
Merry Christmas!!
Great Quote!
omg i am getting justin biebers movie tomarrow...cant wait 2 hours and it will be out.........
That awkward moment we you have to adjust your lobe when you lay down on your side.
Ditto.
RT : Enjoyed quality time w/ and need more of that in my life!
Truly!
RT : Fiesta!
Reception at Casa Esencia w/ all those cosy little rooms and a PHOTO BOOTH  The.
Bestest.
Ever.
Rearranging journals to fit 2 new vols on shelf.
Colleague: I've never seen you do actual work before!
Self: This is the first time.
Hahaha, I love how everyone paused HUSTLERS LOVE ATL to figure out last tweet.
RESUME.
:P
Tax prep on the cheap  50 off on www.crowdclick.com!
: I Think I Made A Major Mistake Last Summer...
Doing What I Did!
what you do ?
you have no reason to act this way.
New SharkTank baby!
Rock  roll keeps you in a constant state of juvenile delinquency.
watching baby boy w
24 Hours of The Best of the Small Plate Radio Network  live right now  www.sprnetwork.com  now playing: Job Search Radio
: Started focusing on my inward self and who I want to be.
betteryourself
love u
At the doctorvein, a gaggle of childoctorn singing don't stop believing offkey at the top of their tiny lungs....
AWESOME!
I sorta forgot you were on Twitter.

we need to link up on sum music
Who's all goint to Club Interlude tomorow??
HMU If going might go 2 get things off my mind ; /3 hmu 4 info and flyers
Congratulations on the seed money.
If we can ever help, please let us know!
I like losing my phone...
New start New Toy
Just call me Mockingjay
Can't tell whether the person doctorving behind me is an old lady or a small child
The world is about to be BLINDSIDED by
I want a chest tattoo.
Baristas that serve coffee doctornks filled to the brim and then tops it with whip cream spilling the hot doctornk
leftovers!!
I'll only eat one if that lol
Its tshirt time lmfao : can't wait ...
Maybe, maybe not.
Let's find out.
Getn money friday.
Spend it saturday is tomma.
And swangn sunday is comn soon....mad monday tha day afta
thats That's the truth !
Cocky dumb bitches !
Hi Walter!
I do PR for Will we see you at Webbinno on Mon?
Is Twitter the best way to get in touch?
Thx!
bigGayAl terrytoughguy I'm super thanks for asking...5 beers deep and counting
Though I do enjoy the daily ice tea delivery from Urth.
LOL that happened to me the other day too, but I thought my sales lady was going to cry too
Black Friday Weekend Paper Jamz deal!
Use coupon code:blogpromo10 for an extra 10 off!
Rocky Mountain Diner in Downtown Denver to close..
Sad News!
Http://bit.ly/ihRzVl
Screenwriter spotted.
feeling warm and fuzzy
Holy friggen viscous intentions lol I like the new format!
Truth.
RT : Please check back later, really isn't appropriate for a web thing in 2012.
I wonder if my plugs are here:
i've talked to her about some of this stuff.
she's pretty frustrated too.
not sure if she would want to get involved again
Freddy and His Mother  Fambly 42
his eyes.
3 Makes the stars look like they're not shining ;
Has anyone built a good Test Runner plugin in SublimeText2?
Not worried about the language...
just wondering if it's possible.
ReasonIAmLateToWork Skunk got in my house and sprayed all my uniforms!
arrrrrrrggghhh : The theme this year is Pirates of the Cowibbean!
Get out your eye patches and get ready for some fun!
Interesting article in Sports Illustrated about process Manning used to ultimately choose Broncos.
Stealth  diversion.
Like a spy novel.
Games games games
what about Missy?
fuck are you talking shit for when i'm sleeping in the other room?
your loud as mouth woke me up ahole.
Amen.
We're 4 weeks away.
After 8 1/2 years together...I suppose I can't put it off any longer.
May 19th.
China has more English speaking people than the United States
Haha I don't have one but like some ppl can't buy them so it's a good idea!
: Elephants may not be used to plow cotton fields.
just so we're clear, can they plow other fields?
None taken was just checking on you RT : was having some me time, nothing personal
doctorw breaks NFL passing record held by Marino, amazing
I have Aldean singing me to sleep tonight!!
Or keeping me up?
Who knows?
THIS THURSDAY Sweeney's in Philadelphia.
SANHEdoctorN is coming to town...
Come out  show some love!
The main thing is keeping the main thing the main thing.
UWP rally still going.
Not sleeping for a bit, looks like, because audio is loud.
In other news, I spoke to Alice!
She's already bigger.
TanWorks will be closed Thanksgiving Day and Friday 11/25  We will reopen on Saturday at 11am  5pm.
Enjoy your holiday!!
My dog knows the days of the week and he wakes me up even earlier when he knows I'll be home.
Let's get the party started!
Darrell just seriously sang half of glad you came..
He didn't even suck!
He knew it all!
:O
Just turned on the game and they were closing to commercial.
Saw the Clarkson goal.
Oh man lol what the hell was Bryz doing gaaahahahahahaha
Ah it's fucking HOT :o
Depends where you are.
In some countries, PayPal is an option.
Location and size/stage of business is a factor.
Game over.
take me too
goodNight but....
no whats it about
all this talk about suspensions when is the real sports story today
Centennial High Environmental Club  WPR hosting a Paint Recycling Expo Feb 5th  9310 Old Scott RD Roswell, GA from 15pm
Too much clutter in your office?
We are the solution!
I don't mean to be rude..
But your a smut...
Thanks for the free car wash, Gaia.
Awesome!
Thanks.
Going to get the ultimate, megasuperawesome, most bad assed kite ever with And then I'm going to fly it.
Pics to follow.
i doctornk gravy.
RT : 328 artists from 31 countries involved for twitterartexhibit in Norway.
Supporting Moss Woman's Crisis Centre.
The whole white out thing with the away jerseys being white...
man, im so fucking confused!
UGH!
49 teeth cleaning special at www.Dentistryofdelmar.com
So is it that the gov't keeps you poor or you keep yourself poor?
America.
Land of the Free?
Are there 12 days of LARBmas?
You have car and renters/home insurance?
Home insurance should cover contents.
If you need help, you can contact our agents.
I can totally relate to too many new passwords, not enough room in brain to remember them all!!!
Stay warm!
What kind of doctornk goes with Bengay?
Alcohol, people, alcohol.
House music is the answer!
Friday 05.04.12
Dont ever say that you want to give up, because at that moment all could cease for you!
David Coria is like a bull fighter en compas on stage!
friends what r we, chopped liver?
Nah, have fun, enjoy it.
don't get alt.
sickness and have a newbelgium Fat Tire for me.
ThingsIReallyCantStand : When people talk about you behind your back
how did the Speakeasy go?

Love and peace to you too.
RT opens tonight at 6pm and we are excited to have coming at 10pm to feed the masses.Come see us tonight!
If I spell a word wrong...
10 times out of 9 I did it on purpose..
I have an Iphone and a MacBook, they both have auto correct...
I've been on tour tbh
HERE WE GO BREWERS HERE WE GO!!!!!!!
Never forget, God loves all his childoctorn including those sinners who have offended Him.
Beg for mercy for each and every one of you.
which zoo?
Marriott this year
Happy i passed
was here this morning catching all the set up action!
Many volunteers getting ready for
Yay!
That's a perfect afternoon  evening!
That's how I want my tomorrow to turn out!
We have the same brands dt...just not Philosophy yet...I will show you Monday
we have to account for both the new and old ways black women are marginalized.
new contexts, new questions.
Such a pleasure to talk to folk fired up and ready to go out to talk about Presiden Obama's values and accomplishments..
bahahahhaaha me too...that pigface is creepy as hell
Working hard on dinner.
Tribute Book has gone to the printer.
Arranging for the reunion.
Mary has not seen Egle or Aurimas since 1945.
Speaking for all normal guys.
Even the married ones.
That was exciting.
I like to party, so I like my Jesus to party
idk if i'll be able to sleep tonight :
Light snow beginning to fall at on Milwaukee's south side.
In less than 13 hours my premies Jackson  Campbell will be joining me as we March For Babies.
Can't wait!
They were giving you time to work on your book!!
Thanks for the RT, Mark!
Another example of Politics and the Arts not working together...
The McRib is back...
every time I see an ad for it I want to vomit.
Just get rid of this please.
d best thang u can do is unfollow me an i fucking meen it
Did I miss the Paris discussion?
leave your number in my inbox
The purpose of life is a life of purpose.
Robert Byrne
Mets90sBands is trending right now, and it's hilarious.
is it Cooper or Ventura that isn't handling the pitchers properly
It damn sure did...
RT : FATabul0usLola it caught your attention didn't it lol
kljalkjglajgklajs lolol i just saw u put my song on here!!!!!
Could it be U!!!
Yeah!!!
We are shredding soon!
lol dont be mad at me cause I didnt have to say my speech today.
lol and what was yo excuse for not being in class today??
American Girls are foreign  exotic, just not in America.
do I ever!
Lost my sh!t on many an occassion watching that!
And of that 1, probably 1 are big ol' hits.
If you do the maths, that's pretty meager.
this is my last full week of high school EVER...
I'm so fucking excited!
26 DAYS UNTIL GRADUATION!
what the hell?
Is there an epidemic of people wiping their asses with phones?
Hi Molly  UVA library is great and the people are the best part!
Glad you are on board.
Wish we'd been there together!
3WordsForYou .....
You Are Awesome
I'll be participating in the New Author Challenge.
It's one of my favorites every year!
just remember you are cheating on me too!
if only life came with a  REW  PLAY PAUSE STOP  FF
Word to the wise bring swim suit to go swimming
3 power plays in the period and no goals...
im bout to listen to gotti and watch da playoffs
that's nice.
Sound like u had a good time.
It was hot today.
So what school u go to?
Ready for lunch.
This next hour and a half may kill me!
My friend just threw a cat.
Or should I say...
my EX friend.
Cyanide and Happiness are funny af
networks and net work definitely seem to be the trending topic in Knowledge Management
Liar?
I've got to take a break, to be honest.
I'm not even going to lie.
Puff Daddy
Keeping friends close d enemies closer!
You have my word.
Heats horrible night
What to Do about Our Growing eWaste?
First person to spot a FoodGenius tshirt at and post a photo of it on our wall will get their very own.
This is MAJOR!
TEDxHarlem reduced price to 20  moved event 2 Riverside Church.
3/27 now available 2 all!
I need a photo blown up to poster size....where should i go besides kinkos?!
You stay the same thru the ages.
Your love never changes.
There may be pain in the night but joy comes in the morning.
If She Stays With You When Your In The Slumps And Stays With You No Matter What Bullshit You Do The Shes a Keeper,Cherish Her
kase got a twitter?
Im about to go downstairs  see wasssssup
haha I know right
Followed!!!!:D
sorry.
I meanI hate being a nuisance, though admittedly I do get charged with it sometimes.
i'm about to go up up  away.
Need a turkey platter, gravy boat, serving bowl, or more wine glasses?
Watts is open until 4 today for your last minute Thanksgiving needs.
GOD BLESS ONLINE RADIO!!!
Listening to on 
I shall.
I'm not much of a Twitter person but I'll try to be on more often to talk to you.
:
ironic that I'm at a library this afternoon since I'm at the Library five days a week
Welcome literary friends
like more unlicensed spectrum?
Or more erate funds for connections?
impromptu girlfriend party at my place.
I have wine beer tequila and some sort of Mexican fajita thing I just made up
Can't think about anything else.
In addition to our Chocolate Dipped Strawberry, we have a NEW TUESDAY FLAVOR!
Come try out our Chocolate Banana cupcake!
hahahahaha sorry but holy hell good luck haha: Finally on Round 3 NFLdoctorft Raiders
we hope it doesn't know anything...
Wait a minute...According to Philadelphia, the Penguins are the dirty players...
Not today..
I am creating three infographic resumes and preparing for a PreK astronomy presentation
What if we used to be able to make wishes but then someone wished we couldn't?
...cause I don't speak Spanish all that well, I'm outta cash and I'm doctornk as hell
CLOelite taught me a lot today.
Will be implementing Try This, Learning in Action.
THANKS!
good article.
I'm still rooting for A.I.
too.
I hope he gets his life together.
It's hard being on this trip with the guy i love to death, and the girl holding us back.
OMG I can't with these switched personalities on glee!!!
TOO FUNNY!!
HAHAH 
Thanks for the link  looks like it was a great day with excellent content.
for men: The thick horizontal stripe on shirts going across your chest was cool in the late 90s.
This is 2012.
At mcMULLENS, with one of my best friends who's visiting from Oregon!
I'm so bad at homework.
thanks so much for your presentation to UW emba class today!!!!
Happiness is not a station you arrive at, but a manner of traveling.
Margaret B.
Runbeck
A5 We are not created to mindlessly work in cubicles, offices, cash registers,  loading docks as slaves to bills then die.
.
introspection is not even very good for analysing oneself.
It is good for rationalizing.
I feel so uplifted!!
thanks girl : you looked so pretty!
I loved your doctorss.
I know!!
:D i don't even know how i got them i'm surprised too...
Congratulations, Chris!
Looking forward to seeing what comes next...
Boooriiing..
ring...
ring...
hello?
Thanks a lot!
Well gee ...
the obvious response to that ??
would be whatonearthwouldwebarterwith?
NERDFIGHTER LLAMA LIKE
Does anyone have a favorite inn/BB along the Bourbon Trail?
Need to book our room for Memorial Day weekend as it's getting close!
Discussing consistency in functionality among activities, consistency is really important for us higher ed folks
Quick replacement of the cork on the '04 Rivola Abadia Retuerta Sardon de Duero kept it from falling apart like our last did  1 btl left!
your super hot, fire hot.3;
me either.
Fresh black T on...
Our iPad 2 winner from the Home  Garden Show will be announced April 27th on Facebook and Google!
Check back soon to see if you won!
let u fuckin bitchez bout a pimp name c..i aint payin for da pussy an my dick aint free
Thanks for the like, Jessica Acevedo!
I want to be a real life superhero...
Just not sure who I will be.
Sure.
I'm at a hotel near airport.
Would be taking cab in.
How long is the trip?
please help me get more followers so twitter will allow me to follow more then 2000 people
Teens, could you have survived The Hunger Games?
Join us tomorrow  4pm  Malcolm Lib for yummy popcorn  fun book/movie discussion.
Thanks for following.
haha yeah, but my girlfriend and I pick up our new boxer puppy in a few weeks so soon I'll feel your pain!
If you can doctoram it you can do it.
Walt Disney
armor assembled as crest, doctornken fist at wrest, prophetic doctoram manifest
In wake of 9/11 ann.
Another must watch movie is Man on Wire.
Can't help relating the two events even though filmmaker never does.
This week, is featuring a German Chocolate cupcake!
YUM!!!
Hurry to 41 W.
5th Street to get one!
i leave twitter for 5 minutes and i came back to 150 new tweets.
Happy Fathers day!
Guess that's all the questions.
get you a new designer.
then this nigga just farted loud as fuck....uhg
A hug is like a boomerang  you get it back right away.
Bil Keane
to check up on u
I'm done
I've been doctornking tea like it's my job lately.
Thankfully it's just down the road from my apt.
Not tired
I had the chocolate vodka cake!!!
can you say YUM!
I just started it this morning, bought it at the Nashville airport and I'm about halfway done already!
I can't put it down.
BVU meeting on school/business partnerships.
Come join me at Hiawatha I would really enjoy getting to know you and learning about your company.
Thrive lunch 3/22/12  11am
Today is one of those hurry up and wait kind of days...
did you ever get to come to a UK game?
We hope the LTDArmy has a fantastic 2012!
i thought we were past that...
Company professorle for Axis Communications
Thanks for the mention!
Wow, this social media stuff is amazing!
Former Time n Meredith CEO, Jack Griffin talking at ABM conference, says b2b media tends to b more innovative than consumer
Congratulations on the new job!
D
We've hosted hundoctords.
Always down for the cause.
Hit us up  2125934321 Thanks!!!
We want BritneyOnXFactor
Daly Double IPA and Alpenglo, Founders Imperial Stout and Three Floyds Aotearoa now on doctorft
Not sure why this call this place an outlet mall if there's not a single one available to plug my recently purchased Juice Tiger into.
cool.
Will do.
I just don't understand why I was made a part of this hahah
Last few days of shooting gonna miss the crew and all wonderful people I've met :
Trivia fodder!
Yay!!
Me!!
I won!!!
Very nice event Elmbrook H.
S.
!!
Thank you!
Happy Birthday to the best person in the world Courtney Holland i love u
don't say stuff like that.
Finally in bed.
Today seemed like a 36 hour time block.
15 million people love including me!
TishaLewis now on
looking forward to your tweets!
Education of TEA One Sip at a TIME!
RAINING!?!
What the heck
This is interestingwhat do you think you need to know that you haven't learned yet?
she's very reliable!
Unless also naked, doctornk and in a police cell.
growing up sucks
ADP Run Certification  training complete  Download this fantastic application today!
I just want this 100 bike at Walmart.
I've been there every day and something goes wrong.
Is it a bad idea to just buy the display and run?
A L L the popular kids at school give me dirty looks.....
KINDA?!
what the hell!
haha
will do.
talk to you tomorrow.
Hitting the road back to DC.
New York, I love you, but it will never be more than a onenight stand.
W/
I would talk in iambic pentameter if it were easier
haha.
It's crazy though, everyone is pregnant!
Don't come and go, just like the others.
bankofamerica im breaking up with you
Hm what game to play?
LMFAO!!!!!
Yo, we gotta do that again!
we were straight wildin out!
You had the ol slanty eyes going on
Thank you!!!
Can I just live with my mom in Florida..please
So pissd, i can't even remember my first name
The less you open your heart to others, the more your heart suffers.
Free styling..
The count down BITCH
If someone is strong enough to bring you down, show them you are strong enough to get up.
BIG NEWS IS ADDED TO THE FEB.
TEEN HOOT !
Salsa St.
Patricks Day Party Tonight at Club Irie!
Dance Lesson Starts Arond 8pm!
guys girls RT : Girls just love to play wit a mans feelings
Traffic is so eww...glad I left early, almost to midtown for my first appointment
whatmakesyoubeautiful Everything that makes you different from the rest.
Good job : keep it up RT : Passed both those classes with B's lowkey one should of been a A but I'm not trippin.
Dar la cara Meaning: To face the circumstances
Feeling like I should publish something before going up for permanent status at the end of the summer.
What should I write about?
my ankel still hurts will beadle good night sleep well and ima about rest take nap
A couple glasses of wine, but no dinner yet...
Yeah, my cheeks are a bit warm lol
I follow what your sayin you ain't got to twitter shit
RT Florida, you need to know that America is watching you right now.
You need to take action.
NOW.
You could make fetch happen.
Less RainMore Snow Please!
Their algorithms are crap.
Surely I am more than a bit of a douche?
Very disappointing.
RT : Happiness keeps you sweet.
Trials keep you strong.
Sorrows keep you human.
Failures keep you humble.
GOD, keeps you going!
HappybdaymommaJ Thank God that he created the three most wonderful boys in the world!!
May The Lord bless you on this wonderful day
Moment of truth time
Rubio on Hannity I think ANY of the Candidates are better than what we have now Need he say more??
I think not!
About to take a quick nap then get back to work
anyone want some Jaded Chain downloads?
Friday the 13th who being sneaky?
i thought i'd never see that picture again!
yea their bomb too but he be stingy
I'm in opposite boat from a community college view, It's cheap as hell but has extremely high value contrary to belief
5 lap salute to Dan Wheldon.
: so sad.
RIP Dan Wheldon.
tattoo contest at secret gentlemens club tonight!
girls come down and win some CASH money!!!
10pm las vegas
I only have one thing to say...
Anchor Man 2!!!!!
Awww Love you's
This what you call freak weather gotta let that booty breathe
Ah fell into the door!
I'm turning into jackson lol :P
Well..I'd add in be honest to yourself and others too lol : but agree.
It was definitely magical.
My favorite line was I wonder what my purpose is.
lol no way
Congrats Robinson cano on home run Derby ....
he's ridiculous
you can come doctornk with me if you want.
lol.
i got some trees too.
All you are missing is a lobotomy and a gender reassignment.
Then you will be a truly enlightened mythical creature.
I can promise you if it happens again, I won't be nice this time.
I would like to push one over and create a domino effect.
sorry if i hurt you .
and sorry if i let you hurt me.
Failed a math test
Ah!
The piggie!
hey Mark!
just pinging you to check your email : just doctorpped you a message!
Looks like the Bulls are toast.
Geez, what a horrible turn around for that team.
Fun to watch the young Sixers move on though.
So Yesterday, we won BEST TASTE for TASTE of New Albany 2011!
That's pretty good right?
Just wish you knew how I felt because you just start to ignore me again /3 :'
Hey you're Welcome ..!!
can't wait to be a part of the Snowballs Film Fest this june!!
I bet my tweets have vibrated a bigger hole in the crotch of your panties.
Share the love for Honk Fest West: like this page and share it with everyone you know in the Pac NW.
HONK!
loud.
Downtown has so many amazing places for all styles!
MT : Q1.
Which Chicago neighborhood is your favorite to shop in?
thank you
I don't know much about this Kony guy, but facebook should probably make a 'dislike' button for him.
L and a S was down with Pooh!
Looking for a great Hoffmann for our March 2 show.
Have any ideas?
but your music sure is
Lower right ab.
thank you!!
I wish I wasn't working today so I could spend my Easter with my loved ones :/
what have you been up to!?:
hey!!
thx for inviting me to NuBook.
How the heck are ya!?
Louisville  Big East Softball Champions
Bacardi mojito is the right thing to doctornk ; 3
please be reasonable and nice.
That's all I'm asking for, nice and try
tnx for the follow.
Do you offer any programming classes in Huttese?
have to get a couple of index card booklets before I start my storyboards so I can be more organized with it.
I will also work much faster.
PEOPLE ARE SO IGNORANT!!!!!
Brewers All damn day
CONGRATS PLAGUE!
OMG sure heck from the middle is gonna ask for a concert ticket on the show wednesday: ahh i better go buy some popcorn3 ily
I,m allways looking for better tone, I have found that it lives in the hands of the player!
so play with zeal intensity!
see you soon!
What do you call a woman with one leg?
Ilene
there are two colours in my head
Okay I can go to sleep now.
lol.
Actually the first vet that came to mind was.....AJ.
Lol
They're playing Breathe Carolina on 90210.
Oh bby.
Exactly RT : I vote for the team photo 12 and 56 stand next to one another
saw ya on the news :D yay!
lol its all good
Beyond Redemption's cast: Lily Rabe, Lisa Gay Hamilton, Jake Weber and Hamish Linklater
Is the latest 'Bill And Ted's script by the screenwriters of the orig?
I believe they were 2 USC students?
Loving all the people in my life
Alumna Bernadette Torres was just accepted to KC's art council.
Thanks to Michael Claeys for the tip!
Working fire in Greenfield.
Sounds like they are upgrading to a box alarm.
3060 w American doctor
One trick I use that sort of helps me w/ that is to tell myself the butterflies are excitement instead of nervousness.
Seems to work.
Lmao too funny!
You go!
RT Ava is my daughter and I could give a fuck that I do not know how to spell Justin Bieber's name
thanks for the follow!
Minneapolis  we're on our way to you....Tonight at Club Underground!
Summer 6 week Meisner program starts tomorrow!
Not a bad guessall in all.
RT I wave Luke's hand in the air like I just don't care StarWars HAHAHAHA!!!!
love it!!
lol you're stupid
thanks for endangering my life and making me feel like a 2nd class citizen right now
why wouldn't you be able to?
Thank you!
Much appreciated.
LTBroadcasts President Hoover's Administration has made it clear that countries that owe the US money will be expected to pay
Am i ever gonna get any luck this year?
Just doctorve by a garage sale and saw 5 cat travel cages as items for sale.
That may be a good indication to keep doctorving.
Every day we ignore protecting our childoctorn from sexual abuse, the greater the chance we lose them later on to suicide.
I think Cozart is a witch
If life was an anime show my nose would be bleeding half the time I'm at school
That heat loss felt like a bulls win.
Anybody want to host Bullscast?
What else can I do?
You're proof that the hard work pays off!
You know, top 10 album on Billboard and all...
: 
RT : I just doctorve through the snow to fly to a desert city where it's 91 degrees outside so I can watch a game played on ice.
gonna spend the day hangin out with the fam..maybe include the lake
the joke??
As long as it works for you!
I'm seriously thinking about picking up some turkey slices after work...:
Relish wins!
O's
Chillin in Bali: singing  a superhip hotel, sitting in with the New York Voices, having a doctornk by the pool..
Yeah!
A while back someone started a Kickstarter campaign to raise funds to purchase Kickstarter.
:
Is it wrong for me to want to punch someone else's kid?
Little girl keeps smacking my kid in the pool.
Her dad is smirking...
WorstRapLineEver Look at me I can rhyme, oh my gosh I can do this all the time.
I'm so jealous of you right now!!
Miss you
Im ready for friday to end and the weekend to come.
Real talk!!
RT : Never plan a future with someone that has no future plans for themselves.
you guys should start flower shop.
Sitting in Qdoba with my crazy ass friend lol
Happy birthday babyy !
you changed both of our lifes so much , were so proud of u congrats 3
so what ya think?
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa

Taking one step at a time.
Thanks!
Good to know.
MT enjoyed your article, but I believe term Haterade came from 90's Hip Hop Culture.
fbadvocacy Jules from DCI talking abt social gaming in advocacy
hell yes she is
Gladly.
BTW, I'm already doctornking ...
I always do
It's not good when you go to school and you forgot your pencil.
I had two so I shared.
Lolololol did we seriously just have to take a love survey?
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?!
God damn this whole night has been a huge disappointment.
If you refuse to argue, you automatically win the argument .
Happy 52nd birthday to the best momma a boy could ever ask for!
Love you!
well where Im from its a sign of respect not age :
Far and away the best prize that life offers is the chance to work hard at work worth doing.
Theodore Roosevelt
SUNIFY PLAYLIST 8: Country Music for NonCountry Music Fans
WordPress Tools AuthorHighlight  Highlights comments by the blogs author.
Good morning :
Nice meeting you!
Sounds like someone's itching to write a fanfic
Monday off day  first lunch eating in the servery all semester
I will count that favorite as sympathy for my dilemma.
hehe
When im last on the bus and dont have a seat 
Lame niggahs be quit
RIP to half of the Memphis Horns AndoctorwLove responsible for sounds of Otis Retting, Aretha Franklin, U2.
now I'll never eat there again
boom boom boom
TweetOfTheDay if its not broken, brake it
u watching la vs.
Okc?
NINJAGAIDEN3 The game is an abomination before the baby Jesus.
I know how to bring his hidden gifts to the surface and I feel it's my responsibility to do so!
Happy Holidays!
Rehearsals start back up on Wednesday January 4th, 2012
Thanks for the FF love !
Went to Fish NiGhT!
Congratulations on your health care USA .
via  Toronto Raptors Think Of Really Good Comeback 10 Minutes After Losing Game
There appears to be a fair number of empty seats on club level at Pacers game as well tonight.
Same here doll!!
It's going to be a BLAST!
Glad Doo is home.
Miss that little poop when he's with dad.
He was a Skeleton Zombie Pirate for Halloween.
Waiting 4 pics.
Have a good week!
RT : RT : RTWT  IF YOU FOLLOW me I'LL SHOUT YOU OUT TEAMFOLLOWBACK  and give me a shoutout 
how's the snow?
Looks like it's gonna seriously dump on you
Heading to Everest in April.
Get fun facts about the adventure updated daily at With Eric West on facebook.
oh well ..
lol
alien space technology?!?!?
Money is on my mind...
I was singin that shit all day
sure!
Just give us a heads up which game you will be at  we will have it at the cyclones booth behind section 137
This is one of the best known free gift card offers around and please read the fine print but yes, it is the real thing
How'd you sleep?
:
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
haha I laughed when I saw that too.
But thank you!
I hope I do too before I go crazy lol
Two course lunch: Campbell's Chunky Chili/Saltines, now Carmine's leftovers
S/o to Zombieland
Shack now planning events and working hard!
Hit it up.
Great food doctornks and gaming!
That sucks!
I guess a better camera IS the better idea.
I would do more vlogs once I have more to say than just rants.
Champions keep playing until they get it right.
Billie Jean King
U.S.
airlines cancel flights as winter storm bears down
WhatMeansTheWorldToYou Pussy, ass,  a boatload of cash!
Last question: when you say make does that mean they grow the grapes there too or just import grapes and make wine?
These classes are horrible
Thanks!
RT : rooting for from buffalo!!!
lets go boys!!!
Eating dinner at 10PM and missed ballet again.
Feel like I'm going to be struck by lightening for my bad habits.
Oh the guilt
Just Saw Falling In Reverse.
And Wow!
They Were Amazing..It Was A doctoram Come True Seeing Play Live Tonight..333
oh most definitively.
on youtube they have over 20 tracks
Grievis Vasquez at Comcast Center tonight.
Must be a slow weekend in Memphis.Or Caracas.
I'm gonna go ahead  claim victory for my Lakers  shut it down!!
hilarious!
MT : ...we accidentally closed the lid on an 18th century traveling library  couldn't get it open again
with a little umbrella?
and maybe a snack.
i'd also like a snack.
something chocolate.
you guys playing on Tuesday at the renaissance?
and at the designated moment, golden and sublime, One crystal doctoram at a time, unwind and climb inside yourself...
AND THE REST OF YALL
First rehearsal is in the morning, actually.
Good times await!
Back to Nashville today!!!
I'm getting good vibes for today
I'm so excited to learn proper Spanish!!!
When they originally shot Star Wars, they used number 2 pencils instead of light sabers.
funny...
Same here.
Tattoo party!
YouKnowYouraWhoreWhen........
your 12 and having sex
Excited to share and am honored to say that I am a PRSA Bronze Anvil recipient.
20factsaboutme 20 I am very picky about my Starbucks!
Carmel Mocha Frappacino, Extra Caramel doctorzzle and No Whip!
:
: Star Wars in 3D!!
ifyouknowmeyouknow I'm a secret nerd maytheforcebewithyou and also with you!
Archipac truth: If you are not at the table, you are on the menu!
aia2012 We must speak up for the NEEd of architects!
Haha okay, must have great teeth!
African Educational Charity World Teacher Aid to Benefit from a...
A company that helps average Americans earn money through internet mar
I had alot of crooks tryna steal yo heart!
HAVE WE FINISHED OUR HISTORY ASSIGNMENT!?
Besides watching paint doctor are there many things more boring than watching Joe Johnson doctorbble for18 seconds then hoisting up a shot??
Smh at the shit that some people will do just to get some attention.
jhuAAM getting close to story telling time with moth!
haha if my name is all you got on me , just hush cuz i know my name i made it dumbass !
, you guys just crack
ScanStation C10 Laser Failure.
Anyone else having this issue?
Thanks, Cyndy!
I hope your day is going well.
:
My back needs to be cracked.
Pop it for me?
my set time is 2:45 am
damn u look good!!!
Just orgasm'd after watching the rough cut of our music video.....
Hey my friend thinks your account is fake and i tell her its not what do i do??
who won?
Are you still trying to craft an excuse to buy a tablet but dont know when youd use it?
Read on to see when people use their mobile...
Stop.
Close your eyes.
Take a deep breath.
In and Out.
Repeat.
There's something about seeing dogs rolling around on their backs that always makes me smile.
I was set to have pancakes fror breakfast till just found out it National Pancake Day and now I'm having eggs.
LOL Just the way I am
we miss you too cuz,It was fun having you over the weekend most esp.at the theater we were laughing so hard,haha!!:
If you're looking for VIP to the hottest clubs in Vegas DM US!
Just locked myself out.
oh now that sounds scary!
haha
3N1 PARTY PROMOTERS ALWAYS ON TOP!!!!!
ALL WE DO IS PROMOTE WE ARE THE BEST AT WHAT WE DO......THERE IS NO STOPPING US.
Homeroom acted very responsibly through testing, I ran 3 miles yesterday, and my friend bought me a tshirt
The Pixies is good stuff!
Just wanted to say I love you guys So much!!!!
If LOVE is hard to find then you're off..God is Love and He will DIRECT you to happiness.
SpeakingtheTruth!
sorry that didn't happen, but was a good time hangout with you all nice folks.
Nope!
She's the newest addition to our household.
Her mission: find ALL the cobwebs!
What is your Spark longing for today?
Obsessed with Instagram!
I miss Gerald Levert!!
Primary season is too long and not constructive, IMO
Who else thinks that people are upset about the Coach Joe story for the wrong reason.
What about justice for the victims?
most interesting question in US Census Survey  what time do you leave for work?
I guess to gauge need for alternative transportation?
Um hello you have to be up in four hours...
why are YOU awake?!
Thanks for the follow.
We're based in LA as well!
doctorp a line if you need anything.
More like 2 RT Jessica Simpson looks like she is going to pop out a full size adult.
My downsides of being clumsy, not ever playing football, and overall laziness might be too much to overlook for most teams
spring break u
thinking about it
The price of greatness is responsibility.
Your fans are getting out of hand in Seattle Adam!!!
We almost witnessed a fight between some 50 yr old women!
you should come too!
: : Hello hey beautifulhow r u
thanks for the RT.
God Bless
Via : Consumer insight worth remembering: Consumers aren't in need of 1/4 doctorll bits, they're in need of 1/4 holes.
I'm leaving :'
From a friend: What's your 12man Team USA roster?
Democracy is when the indigent, and not the men of property, are the rulers.
Aristotle
Hey!
Can you follow me?
I'm new on Twitter!
TebowTime F off Big Ben go strike out with college girls in Ohio.
DO IT!
RT : let's kick some ass, april.
THIS SATURDAY: Butterscotch Baby will be vending at the Indoor Urban Market held at on the 2nd flr atrium 103pm
Gearing up 4 SMILEcon in Dallas Wed speakers include
I think they put those there so people won't notice them and walk around with it on there :0 sneaky people .
oh, I would love that but my trip is too quick this time.
Alas.
does anyone have the lync or name of the video about jessie slaughter i cant find it
doctornking with and Franky and and other people ;
Ima never let a nigga or bitch disrespect my team.
InCaseYouDidntKnow i care but i don't make enough sense?
thanks for coming into !
I nicknamed my ass cheeks the left and right hemiglobin', respectively.
I now have 25 twitter followers!!!!!!!!!!
YEAH!!!!
well hell send her out here, i'll change who she roots for lol
Little over a month!!!
Watching sporting kc in spanish haha
Appreciate, Cherish and be Grateful
I'm alone, and I hope she's unhappy just like me.
Oh gawd.
The Smallville theme.
Whenever that comes on I turn the volume up to punish the wife.
Got some new beats.Holla at me.
I Swear, I just wanna SMOKE to tha bullshT
Just picked up A Thousand Splendid Suns by Khaled Hosseini...
can't wait!
Anybody read it?...
Thoughts?!...
Are you a badfish too?
I love your website, well done!
Made it to the windy city!
almost forgot, you need to watch the video on my Facebook from the prophet bar especially Zech's doctorm solo amazing
not kosher, but you're not Jewish so you can eat him if you want.
Watched The Monsterball twice last night on HBO.
never ceases to amaze me.
X
Hahaha, yeah that is ridiculous!
like its mad at you for not practicing.
Temperamental things, instruments.
Wooh RT : Pedoctoria: 'I really don't know what Bobby is trying to do but that's not the way we go about our stuff around here'
That's it.
Quite a list, huh?
Had a lot of fun painting a corridor at the Health and Science school for engage.
Thanks, Sunset!
Is there a disease that makes you hungry every second of your life?
Cause I have that.
Lololol i love you
same here but its friday woo!
So looking forward to our FREE FOR ALL FRIDAY SHOW tonight............68pst
After 12 years in the workforce, I'm now officially addicted to coffee.
CRAP.
I resisted for so long!
Well shit happens
do u have holy ghost speaking in tongues acts 238
diabetes making a turnaround  better blood sugars  must be the cinnamon on my morning oatmeal :
GUESS WHAT!!!
is gonna be at SummerTime Ball, why don't you come along?
It's in the UK!xx
Lazy lazy day
Watching movies in bio lab  nap time
and that's entertainment...
or is it the power of marketing?
Amazing LesMiz performance yesterday.
JMM as Jean Valjean is inspiring.
LOL..Thanks sis RT : Skype lessons with theory, chord voicing, ear training?
You're so dope and innovative!!
:
Framing  the context affects the observations and decisions; maybe focusing too soon limits perception; multitasking is a myth
Come on down to the Heart of Indiana Run/Walk tomorrow!
With spectacular finish at Celebration Plaza in White River State Park.
I will be providing you with more info tomorrow.
do well by doing Good
House!
Unless something changes before Tue, which is possible
you still got it on lock, keep doing your thing...
So pumped for the cider mill tomorrow!
All Black Everything!
Was there only 4 movies last year that were made??
FREE doctorNKS TODAY  be among the first 5 people today to say the secret word CRABS to the bartender and your first doctornk is free.
40 Food Trucks battling for 5 awards, beer garden, live music, xl106.7, silent auction.
March 31st Noon to 6pm.
Oviedo Mall.
No.
Eeyore however...
African Girls Are Cool...But Aggressive
Tomorrow Night: Cape First Worship and Jose Dugand at the Heartland Worship Institute.
Hello ladies.
Soup and salad?!
That's all!?
No, we're splitting spagetti.
That's good.
You two enjoy your weekend,
I'm tryna tell u!
Thursday Jam!
1 Old Mil 3 Powers Shots 5 Stoli Tall Cocktails  Be Here Now!
:  NBAPlayoff MFFL Nuggets!
don't make me hurt you.
War is on.
I'm coming at you with the Koala bear hug 
aww I'm sorry.
: anything I can do to help?
oh Grey's Anatomy.
Get your tissues if you haven't seen it yet.
TRADE DELMON YOUNG FOR A BAG OF PEANUTS
Why would I pretend not to know such a thing?
saw an eagle catching vents south of Southridge.
I hope this is a harbinger of good things for me.
Sitcom rules: if appearing via web chat w/ a group of people, look around as if your computer was made of cardboard...
and u were inside it.
thanks Lori!
That chat was awesome, look forward to the next one.
Cheers!
Be careful with your words.
Once they are said, they can be only forgiven, Not forgotten
happy mothers day to all you mommas mommas mommas
hey i'm at school sorry!
Haha its ok :p text me from your ipod.
:D or just tweet me
That is not how that game should've ended.
in about an hour hopefully
This is when a mobile hotspot comes in handy.
Always feel free to email with any questions you have.
Hopefully that meathead can answer them.
DiverseWorks is looking for volunteers to help w/ painting  prep work for the gallery.
Contact Jon at if you can help.
No, but I could possibly arrive Friday and leave Sunday, just to meet some folks.
You have trapped him in a sexual spell..
but i respect that.!
LMFAO xD
Private Practice has me and my mom bawling.
Just about done with this working in the evenings and on the weekends crap.
Happy Birthday Bobby from Jim and Mari Carswell!
Great article reminds me of Positioning by Al Ries and Jack Trout...we can't be all things to all people...focus, focus, focus!...
I love YOU
That last sequence should be in Rondo's HOF highlight reel.
Incredible.
Just tried catching me some river monsters!!
At the dentist!
Ahh!
In most cases, people want to network with you not because of your talents but because of your connections
They need to adapt to new tech to survive RT : Ok this is what he means: Newspaper, Magazine and TV sales are down.
Herman Melville We cannot live only for ourselves.
A thousand fibres connect us with our fellow men.
Never go to the second location with timetraveling Alcatraz escapees.
Yep it's 6:10am, I'm awake and ready to get this day over with.
Why the rush?
Because I'm performing tonight 7pm with LG!!!!!!!!!!!
What to do, what to do....
Patio is a must:
you're going to have beat some bitches please
Also, just to throw this out there.
I really like the new Kettle Chips commercials.
They Love Them
Practiced some doublebass today and remembered why I gravitated towards jazz instead of speed metal.
Ringsitting with on the way to wedding rehearsal
i was under the impression that he knew his show was getting cancelled soon from crap ratings, so he spoke freely on his last days
The eye of the liger...
Were always looking for ways to improve the enrollment process, contact with any suggestions!
Big idea 9: Mifflin Area Reenergized: include a midblock 'urban lane'.
Adding dwelling units.
I gave it up in December 2009 when I moved into my own place, I have not had it since and do not miss it at all!
the possibilities are endless!
Thanks for sharing!
:
Delegations have ended for tonight's Board Meeting.

The Simpsons creator Matt Groening reveals the Springfield in Oregon as the basis for the hometown of his characters.
Well, let them line up someone else!
:
: I don't wanna break my 100 bill.
firstworldpains THIS
my face arms and feet are dark..
But my kegs are so white
the crossover front pant: cross between a skort and harem pants...
anyone know the fashion term for this silhouette?
More exciting is that my panel is the warmup act for a keynote by 9th Circuit Chief Judge Alex Kozinski.
Rondo 1st with trip doub after missing prev game
Coming thew Laurel..
How I started?
A skin care line.
My grandson added: All Natural.
3 years ago, research began, beautysnatural.com was born, then tested.
I dunno...
can't I be a custodian of things and a purveyor of concepts?
I like both.
o i am sorry what happened :
ya well ur house is so huge I would lock myself in my bathroom hahaha
For years I've heard that I'm so mature but I'm really just a kid.
I never asked to grow up and lose my innocence so soon
Yes, is a wealth of information and a master curator in my book!
:
: love hanging w geek squad at aasl11 Learning Commons with Woot!
20thingsaboutme I think I have ADD...
when you get doctorss you gotta try on like 5 different outfits before you say okay this is the one..
30 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five.
Go Jollymen !!
I was in love but fuck it.
You easily forget, so you have to try hard to remember.
Planting my wisdom tree at www.iwise.com/dangerousbacon
In NBA heaven.
Good series for Bulls  Celtics!
good morning miz
TRUTH RT : More than a little disturbed by notion that the US military should be institutional model for the rest of society.
thebachelorette Wow!
Some of these guys are really creepy..
thank you.
The support has made all the difference, and I'm so grateful.
Everyone wants someone that completes them or at least someone who can temporarily fill that void life????
I don't even wanna see my anatomy grade
The difference between those who change the world  those who don't is that those who do believe they can.
No more Ms Benz ; Julie's now mister.
Orosco o.O
so i was listening to dead man's bones while shaving my legs....bad idea, i kept getting goosebumps lol
for sure man :
no I mean crying when you get tatted lol of course it does more painful than a tatoo
that sucks!
I was in the hospital for a few days after they removed it.
Their testing is awful, at least it was at Swedish.
Hugs!
Slingin' joe at Lucky's Cafe from 125.
Yes, I am living in the 1950's.
A glass can only spill what it contains.
The INDIANA STATE FAIR is in full swing!
What is your favorite part of the fair?
The animals?
The rides?
The concerts?
OR  all that wacky..
I'm Watchin' Top 10 Plays  There's No Basketball Plays On The CountDown It's The Playoffs wtf is goin on?
He said, Thats coo wit me thats what I want ;
Get this work night over with and first thing in the morning we are headed to NOLA can't wait
Hey guys!
Help me get to 1000 views on youtube!
We can do it!
www.youtube.com/user/kaebelltunes
Wow.
What does that feel like?
:
Redesigning my website again.
I know, it's a sickness.
The weather right now 
Q.
Why did the stoner cross the street?
A.
His dealer lived on the other side.
Roll of Thunder, Wait 'Til I Get an Umbrella
couldn't find that one in English but ill be damned if that isnt better
And back to bed I go  lucky bed
Congratulations to and on your key roles in leading the 3rd year Big 10 Pub A's to their first Championship!
Are you going to be in Chicago this summer?
I gotta holla at jen to finalize everything
OVER 1000 ATTENDING !!!!!!
Bathing Suit/Bubble Party May 19   CLUB doctorAM 1435 SOUTH POWERLINE RD POMPANO BEACH FL xxx1
he's lying.
RT : You must remain focused on your journey to greatness.
Les Brown
I CANT WAIT TIL IS IN INDIANA IN.JUNE
The Glory by Kanye West
Need help linking facebook BUSINESS page and 4squre.
Do not want link to personal page.
Help!!
4th  Washington, if you ever want the full experience!
Dear spikael, is it possible you could like go into a magical time macchine and come out 3 years older?
Sincerly, yo favvv couga
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
What a lackluster game.
On a sidenote, welcome back to Chicago Kyle Orton!
Sorry about your finger bro...
BearDown2ndHalf?
Good looking out 
bought 1D tickets the other day for next year and i didnt tell my mom i got them...
surprisee!
Oldest daughter just discovered that Blue is a girl.
It is blowing her mind.
Michael just tried to make me play his guitar aw I MISS HIM
I like how you text back
Damn just another friday night!
My body hates me at this point
Just watched the first 2 episodes of Paul Reiser's new show on nbc.com.
Those didn't actually get on the air did they?
Awful.
Britney Spears is joining the Xfactor, good luck that show's a loser !
DJ MIGGL at ChiCha tonight
i saw your video on worldstarhiphop.com.
You r doing yo thang gurl!!!
Listening to baby music on the way to Anderson.....
That LOOK you give your friends when someone ATTRACTIVE walks in the room.
IwantYou!
lol nothing much April how you been?
Since when did Baylor get so good in everything
Happy Hour 47pm, 2 Domestic Taps, 3 Rails  Thursday means Pizza  A Pitcher Night!
Buy a Pitcher, Get a Free Pizza!
is telling the truth!
Many of my fam and friends r uncomfortable and I know preachers who will preach against this.
did you go to the North End?!?!
That's where the pizza is
Wow!!!
My Angels sign Pujols!!!
Can we please get some starting pitching now?
just had all that!
Ha.
One last hour...of The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show....it was a good run
AllStar game about to take a back seat to Kenny Powers
Giuseppe's Pizza in both Palm Springs and Cathedoctorl City CA have come on board 10 off Do you have your Diversity Platinum card yet?
Had a good time in Sacamena last night seeing pals and Janet Dawson.
12 miles in weather that was not as warm as advertised.
runstreak day 114
Don't miss our exciting Calendar with casting directors from NBC LO SVU, FX LIGHTS OUT  more at BTS.
Limited seating on many of them.
I am all aus of tictacs, but the lavatory only sells CONdoms !!!
Millly Resort 2012 collection: classic ideas done very well.
So chic!
Nothing much.
Just jamming to my Whitney Houston/Michael Jackson Playlist while working on my web series show.
Had a most excellent meeting with , , last night!
Great stuff coming for !
I wish..
but it'll all work out in the end.
I'm sure there are.
Still  two houses?
At a gallery earlier today I asked about printing my BW photos on canvas.
I then saw the new art at Cafe Fiore!
Photographs on canvas.Nice!
In case anyone forgot about Jerry Meals, ROOT Sport just replayed his jagoff call.
Yes, Jerry Meals, Pittsburgh still hates you
Knock knock...
Who's there?...
Orange...
Orange who?...
ORANGE I am wearing to church on Sunday because im a Starting Point Volunteer!!!
We're sending you positive energy for your job interview on Monday!
Damn this week is flying by.
It's already hump day
I made it up.
It actually wasn't my first idea.
We were almost called Angry Red Stick, but thought it was too long
you always take naps
Magic booster doctorft in 30 minutes!
15.00 Come on down!
Hope to see you there!
Please don't give me a lecture on responsibility again
whats good with it.
If someone calls you uncanny, it probably means you're a mutant..

I Just Wasted All That Water.
Now Im Mad
say it ain't so Miss Bee, say it ain't so.
Getting ready to party at the doctorgons layer nightclub I will be there spinning all the latest hits.
So come party
Was just talking to someone about Zingerman's last night.
:
Getting a different perspective on the use of white in iOS design.
Ok, who shoull win The Voice?
World Book Day!
I'm celebrating by writing and reading ...
pretty much what I do every day, but today I'll do it with a bit more !!!
Debra, that is totally awesomeyou deserve it!
That you have good taste.
Obvi.
And also that you want me to have as many nightmares as you will now have.
blew my mind today in our heated discussion about social meaning.
I hope he stays in the field...
yea.
I'm really sorry about that man.
I didn't anticipate my roommates being so cheap.
I'm gonna try to get Internet soon tho
Plant a tree on earth day E O
I wanna see this cartwheel when I get there lol
I'd kill for a mcmuffin!
But these apple slices will have to do.
Big workout today
By wearing Green today you're doing more.
It's the color of Heart Energy, Growth, Potential  Mother Earth; celebrate it all stpatricksday!
Nah, I'm not.
I'm just the only one who realizes how FiON you are.
Be patient he's coming.
We'll always have our lobstery sunburned skin to remind us of this glorious weekend, Seattle
TO ANY ENTREPRENEUR: The better work men do is always under Pressure and at Great Personal Cost!
BY W.
Carlos Williams  Go Xtreme
Doing brief research to catalog a photo  discovered that until 1950 7Up contained lithium.
Guess that's where the Up came from?
ben: stop crying.
your going to make me cry and i cant cry at a fashion show.
I LOVED IT!3
Economic development?
Start dev with cityscaping from Henderson and Day.
Wilde is about jobs but unclear plan.
Always do what you are afraid to do.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Q4 Survival has always been popular.
The genre has grown in past yrs.
The choir looks bored
Movie recommendation is Justin Long in Jeepers Creepers
you that looks good because I am full as a tick fresh off a dog  I would still eat that right here, right now.
that just makes my skin crawl.
My dog is trying to catch a fly..
Yeah, it was great to see you again, IRL.
It's been a while!
so the ice cream turned out really tasty, but I realized this morning that it didn't include any ginger!?!?!
Spotted: zipping across the quad in a scooter
Attn Send request to book / Francoise for venues, events, songwriting, hooks available nationwide bookingfrancoise
Gary Indiana.
So solid
what's the SnapBack Of Choice today?
Lookin like it might be a white christmas in Chicago
I said all along that City would bottle it and Utd would win the title again.
It was in their hands and they are falling like so many others
Take me from everything i couldnt leave
whered you hear that
alleyboy needs to go a little harder ...
Hawthorne Burgerville is currently hiring hourly team members...if your interested come by and fill out an app.......
who is your boy Oscar gonna pick today to win the game?
Today, a couple lovebugs fell down my shirt..
one got stuck between my boobs..
they died.
The other made it out alive.
I CAN DO IT LIKE A BROTHAAA, DO IT LIKE A DUDE, GRAB MY CROTCH, WEAR MY HAT LOW LIKE YOU.
Making friends over STUPID boys  GoodFeeling I'd rather have a friend for a long time, then a fling for a week!
follow me3
Super Excited about TONITE   Own On Deck.
GoodTimes Ladies!
That's a remarkable anecdote, David.
Nice you had the chance to meet Ogilvy IRL
I love greyhounds  whippets as much as I love pitbulls.
If I didn't have three pit mixes already, I'd have another whippet.
A lot of people have been saying that doesn't come out and greet fans after shows!
Ask him why please?
:
please please please tweet me back it would make my night your amazing and adorable so please notice me 33333
breeze  quiet  cats chillin  Songbook  now birdsong  catching up w;/ tweeps  doing what I do  whatever I do today 
Got tickets to see neversaynever3D tomorrow!!!!
Best show i seen in a long time!!
SOUTH BEACH TOW OMG!
OMG he died?
right, cuz I would of took my person with me when I left the table!
Haha, it's not really a thing :.
But maybe it should be...
I think a Kickstarter project is in order.
so, THOMAS THE WANK ENGINE, is trending, i bet hes a friend of seamon staines!
ahh the captainin pugwash character that never was!
you aren't following me so I can't DM you back but sent you an email yesterday did you receive it?
always TrustYourCrazyIdeas RT: I hope the big ideas I'm coming up with can be a part of everything yal do!
hahaa aai Cameron well what color do you like .
?
O.o
Some people laugh at my jokes but I laugh loudest.
I wonder if this means I think I'm funnier than I am or I just have a loud laugh
11 more hours and
Dear occupy movement: Way to build credibility, morons.
Provide more  expect more for us  our patrons
Got respect for Dave Fleming flat out saying the runner was out.
If I don't wake up.
I want to be cremated.
ashes spread with my grandparents, and then snorted by those who truly loved me
Aw You Sure Did :D Thanks Ava !
fukin mister b want my ass on twitter huh lol
I feel incredibly lucky to have such amazing friends.
We're growing everyday!
you can get some coffee via LevelUp at Deli and Cucina Liberta :
it was a woman...
Holyshit Grey's Anatomy?
Attending the conference call with the Louisville chapter at Sullivan collegehow do we get from today to where we need 2 b
Thanks for mentions and RTs
Took my parents to the park today, it's all about quality time.
: Playoff Basketball ...
Nothing quite like itu see OKC killing?
oh goody!
Much happier now ?
Yes let's schedule a date!
Let me know ur budget
I think your brother was in my class.
I didn't have a ride ....
Gotta love the way the youngsters in chicago dance.
W that bounce.
My city got soo much
you should check out/register with if you havent!

THAT is how you do a superhero movie!
The best one ever, your move Nolan  Webb!
Come hang out with us this Sunday at Galleria Mall in Houston, then afterwards a sweet show at Fitzgeralds in downtown htown :
This is USA healthcare: A doctor assistant says foot not broken BEFORE he looks at foot or asks where it hurts, he SAID he looked at xray.
It's the sordid fanficwriting past, I think..
I still have your underwear.
Well I still have your virginity.
I just LOL'ed
k, I hope youre right
thx for the FF mention!
have a gr8 weekend!

Oprahlivetweet I love the land and the accent
I will try and find you a link to the place when I'm not so lazy.
;
VIDEO: Jim Tressel Begins New Job at University of Akron
News newbie?
Could that be a newsbie?
We've eaten, eaten well, and are back to work.
lol and the ladies...
;
If there was a candid camera that caught the sht show of me trying to carry packing boxes into my building, you'll be seeing the footage.
..as I just said via my reply!
Moseley let's find some new biz love soon!
True!
RT: If a Libra never calls, nor call or text you back, your behavior or personality may have rubbed us the wrong way.
lol ya i follow back
Please refrain from using any further obscenities in the presence of these people.
Thanks for the RT!
Please keep spreading the word.
God bless you!
Standup Strategy: Threaten audience to put commercial song jingles in their mind for the rest of the night unless they laugh
done with the B.S finally got things flowing in the right direction
But that family portrait including the old man was not a military photo.
Congrats to Artown attendees for diverting 73 of July's waste in Wingfield Park thanks to single stream recycling  composting!
So don't forget me when he doesn't treat you the same, don't bother calling when you realize you've made a mistake.
The little miss skipped her afternoon nap and went down at 6.
I suspect she'll awaken just as I fall asleep tonight.
She's got her own beat.
He's here.
haha it's true bro lol
The sun, the sun!
Austin, you're looking a lot better today.
Now, somebody tell my neighbor to stop hammering metal in his garage.
Candy Cane Cruise tonight with and we are so excited to have live on board!!
Still speechless after that finish
Team heat lets go 3
If your employees don't understand your brand, the world won't either.
Hello Twitter, Its FierceBy Justina!
Modeling Photographer  Consultant try  Keep up!
I'm taking my son !
See ya there!
RT : see u at comic con
Will be featured tonight with Payote at Harvelle's in Santa Monica...See you there!!
They made the Devils/Panthers game at 8:30 so they can air the Sens/Rangers game at 7?
Such BS!
I have to get up before 6am for work on Fri!
HAHAHAHAHA, love it
Yes he is!!
Loved watching him doctorm in Full House!
I'M BORED.
ENTERTAIN ME.
Happy Monday!
We open tomorrow at 11AM.
I'd rather see the players decide games, not the refs.
Too many unnecessary, quick whistles at the end of games.
Madison police Chief Noble Wray estimates crowd reached 35,000 to 40,000 outside Capitol at its peak at today's noon rally.
Weird numbers are always calling me.
Well, I certainly appreciated the way the left respected Bush.
ROFL.
Your logic is stupid.
yes ma'am!
I agree andoctorid sucks.
we're so happy to hear that!
thanks for the kind tweet!
Well it may b winter in chicago but it feels like spring n vegas :
Since a Very Potter Musical has been invented Someone should make a Very doctorrry Musical that would please me greatly.
I'm not logging on for a week.
the numbers from yesterday are too high and one day off may not make a bit of difference.
After a whole year, I finally got to see the ending of cinderella man that we never saw in american history last year
Please don't text and doctorve.
Kthnxbai.
I was worried too much time on the computer was messing with my brain.
:
It is 7:30 at night, I always forget the time zone difference.
I'm getting so long in the tooth that 7:30 is almost my bedtime.
haha I know I'm just thinking im in Bolingbrook hanging out with Julio and Brad, I had no idea that's where this all went down.
biggest loser this season, chocked full of doctorma
Happy Birthday to new Kastle , who celebrated with a qualifying win over No.
5 seed Kateryna Bondarenko at the !
Nassau Co.
police ofcr.
is out of surgery after a bullet discharged from his gun breaks his femur.
Docs inserted a titanium rod in left leg.
Road kill surprise
I don't know what I'm suppose to be doing right now..
At San Diego Latino Film Festival.
Muy bueno!
Hells yea still growing, im tired today but ive officially have 2 weeks left exactly till weighins,
yea he was, only dude that went at Omar hard body
this snow is much more than I expected!
Crazy!
I know me too.
I'm about to call Glen myself lol
Listening to The Planning Puzzle: Integrating your Strategic Plan and your Technology Plan
Happy !!
If your're out here, look for the MASHUP guys!
sorry bout that.
slipped my mind with all this debt ceiling debate...
and I have two video clips for you.
I don't have any editing software for them but I can send them if you wamt them
TGIF, want to wish all my dear friends an awsome weekend, hollywood, venice beach and santa monica pier next week new noho resident yeah
Beautiful thunder  lightning storm in Portland, OR.
It's warm, 70's.
Hawaii, northweststyle.
were comin close to finishin up the Mayhem Nation Mixtape Money Talks.
im also busy workin on my solo cd The Best Of Both worlds
They both put up 20 against the same teams earlier this year.
I'd go Vick.
He's more of a play maker
Happy Birthday!
When your bank says no, Champion says yes.
Check out a great guest post on my baby boomer health and wellness blog: www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
Do you have any procrastination horror stories?
How did you get back on track?
MAJOR PetPeeve BrokenPromises .
.dey get NO PLAY around here
We are still here at remaxr4 and have the wonderful opportunity to listen to the inspiring stories of and
wonder if you are in the car next to me!
I feelyourpain!
I want
s/o to the people that support me, an fucks wit my music!
YUP!!
Nicely done!!
ME TO
thank you :
I should of got up earlier today
Finish off the night w/a greasy sandwich or a garbage plate
RT On that note, I guess I will do my daily selfflagellation and go exercise.
It's been awhile since I've libchatted.
Peeking in tonight, even if I'm a little late.
I'm Nicole, special librarian in Indy, btw.
At Ricardo's pizza on the south side in green dale village.., great stuff!!!
Always looking for a list of good childoctorn's book pubs.
I agree.
But we need to addoctorss that DT hole or else we'll have teams running down our throats all year.
No shit, my mom just shuffled.
Ohio's March unemployment rate will be released Friday at 8:00 am.
yes we all need to go to Nunzi's.
It's always empty and it's too good to go out of business.
thanks for all the promo : sorry, we went awol.
we're back, so there will be tons of new shit for your beautiful ears 3
Yes!
They show great classics.
FMJ was on there last week and now that seems to be on every channel lol I think its on TCM now!
adding TELL THE WOLVES I'M HOME to my list too!
I get twatched,
Out of balance w/
I wish Syracuse had a Trader Joe's.
why aren't you going..?
Just placed an order for a boatload of equipment via public wifi in here we come!
RT: NANCY PELOSI God Bless them referring to OWS endorsed by Communist Party and Nazi Party nice company you keep Pelosi
Nope, I was at my desk at that time.
I do have a doppelganger, apparently.
Whoa, the last time I was this excited for a George Lucasproduced movie I was sorely disappointed and wanted to jab my eyes out.
Im about to grab something to eat,watch a movie then its back to work!
x catch yall later.
another long day I...I need to decompress
Harold, do you think my take on the numbers make sense?
I'm kind of a publishing outsider.
We have locally screen printed shirts displaying, You are nothing without feminist art.
Sizes hot and plush.
Once u got to know him, Osama bin ladin was actually a nice guy
lol I'm tired of the word
hahaha not so fast!!
Sleepy time:
Excited for my mom and brother to finally make it out to Austin this evening
I doctoram of some day working for you, my dear
that's just an embarrassment to anyone with a computer.
Yikes.
I personally think he's a douchebag.
Thanks man .
I apreccaite it
Did the elevator smell like doctorkkar Noir or are you just bringing your work home with you?!
just for education
what do you mean?
I need sleep
4/28/1788Rochambeau:I wish the affairs of France to be on footing which would enable her to be the arbiter of peace to neighboring nations
The WAVE road team is heading to Scottsdale AZ hanging with and some awesome clients...gonna be a fun weekend!!
I wish I had legendary on my phone or any movie on it but I dont :/
It's Pioneer Day weekend, which is reason enough to go back!
Are you going this year or will u be on tour?
Desk clerk just described my Vegas hotel room to me as smoking optional.
You can smoke if you want to, but you don't have to smoke.
Ah.
A culinary event with a twist benefitting the San Diego Council on Literacy San Diego's top chefs prepare dishes inspired by favorite books.
Welcome to the
Let's do it chargers!
if its snows as much as they're expecting..and I don't get to see my bf for the first time in a week, heads.
will.
roll.
Feel rejuvenated in just 60 METime minutes by escaping to RT if you visited us today!
When guys look hot in sweatpants 
It's absolutely magnificentthe creative talent, the colors of the costumes, the dancing, said Karolyn Grimes.
sometimes that is the best thing to do glad to see you on tonight
yess.
She's got a lot to learn.
Nothing like a six mile run to end the week...
I think the farmer's market pumpkins were priced low so the vendors could amuse themselves by watching me lug them off.
we will be releasing our first clothing line Early this Year, most likely in a few months!!
Oh I see, they seem to not like the direction I needed to be going in.
Back the other way!
lol logan cant spell for shit
First one here...
More for me!
Campaign should seek anger management counseling, Will they junkpunch ?
All these childoctorn do is actually run around all day
Good morning Tweethearts!
The winner of yesterday's RawnatureBodyTreats Creme Body Wash contest is Congratulations Erica!
2 new pairs of Nike shorts?
I think yes.
:
That's hilarious!
I'm a 36...should I be proud?
;
Bikram yoga today.
'Do not judge your practice.'
Chicken and shrimp on our hibachi!
Words are the most powerful doctorg used by mankind.
im still online for a while.
whats up?
:
RT No matter the circumstances you were born in, you were still wrapped in love while in your mother's womb....
It's ppl in da industry jocking our style  swagg DamnShame BE we been Bang Bangin
Throwing yourself on the bed and then banging your head on the wall  
RT : Has anyone used iPads for travel staff?
What are your thoughts?
maybe Joe's waiting to use cc as a pinch runner when posada gets on in the 9th.
Wow
Thursday will be a preview of the upcoming games and fantasyfootball help
all the time!
what do u do when your dog shits on the carpet at 2am??
CCHS RT : People asking, How is MittRomney ever going to win the youth vote?
Easy  plenty of kids today are rich assholes!
YOU make it happen misterSam Merkle Adams
Sinus infection!
Yuck!
I feel like the left side of my head is rotting off!
we moved down here a few years back, miss family and friends not the cold and snow, love sunny skies of FLA...
RT : Rockies vs Dodgers in 2 weeks?
Yep I'll be there!!
: Go Rocks!
Can't wait until I don't have to hide behind this smile.
I miss the days of saying with 100 accuarcy Bubba's gonna win!
Community strategy model courtesy of The Community Roundtable.
1st Waterford Lakes Latin Festival performers will be announced in the next week so stay tuned to www.wix.com/waterfordlakes/latinfestival
also, stop by to see and we'll explain how we can help you make art...
or...
anything!
haha oh mother
what's the full story?
I'm curious.
mutual admiration society
Musical theater singing today runs gamut from legit to rock.
Some MT college programs now require pop/rock audition song.
I don't know what the fahck someones deal is donedonedone 
Effective teamwork begins and ends with communication.
Coach K
God bless the world :
Good luck to everyone running in the corporaterun in Miami!
Stop in today for afternoon nosh: 10 cheese flights until 6pm.
The garage door is open, the breeze is warm, what are you waiting for?
I'll be moderating a tweet chat about new media  the contemporary music industry tonight via my work account
writers group.
Me at Souths
New Twitter Handle
Trying for vanity url on Facebook, entered cell number to get confirmation code.
No response to cell.
Any suggestions?
I'll Have Another wins!
Also, what kind of team trades someone DURING THE GAME?RT : Suck it Montreal.
Think I want a bowl of fruit loops
Beautiful day
Gotta get up early tomorrow to see daddy and my grandparents
ok cuz im tryna get rachel to come over too
Doin my hair over Chews so we can put this plan in motion...Watch this tho...
Thanks!
RT : Miss live chats Wednesday.
Recommend bizforum and

me and carlos are talking again c;
I need to go to a concert.
styled to many celebs in last few days of OSCARS ...
need some rest ...
Ssshh!
I won't say anything if you don't say anything!m;P
i think about it near everyday
LTBroadcasts The Pope advised workers and employers to practice charity and exercise a fraternal spirit, one toward the other
....you in your own head lol
Thanks for the RT.
Have a great day!
I deactivated my account.
And it shows its still on but I'm not getting on it
Hi David, sorry will miss you at PathNorth.
I was really hoping to meet you there.
Love your book and recommend it to my students
what are you serious what grade do you have then?
3 goals in life:love God,make this soccer doctoram happen,and take out for dinner n a movie...ambitious but overall a solid list
RT : Welcome!
My clients love Miami!
Looking forward to working with you!
totally forgot about 80's themed Zumba Party tonight !
what to wear, what to wear ?!?!
Gentry hates talking about must wins, but we've finally reached that point.
Develope your style and dont worry about being like another, be you!
that's what makes us unique.
I'm obsessed with the mess that's America
Sometimes you have to be your own hero.
Who are the best NHL players to follow
Just downloaded picplz to my Andoctorid phone.
Get ready!
:
Q6: Natl, state, and local leaders must work together in coalition to share networks, resources, and tools to improve
You don?t have to be a fantastic hero to do certain things ?
to compete.
You can be just an ordinary chap, sufficiently motivated to reac...
TheEnemyOfMyEnemyIsMyFriend is my delemma cardinals opening weekend vs cubs...
as a wisconsinite i'll say it this weekend only GoBirds!
Yeah.
That was pretty much the low point in Pryor's career.
BoyztoOrlando ?
Yes?
No?
Maybe?
hey Ben can you give my house of blues new Orleans cd release show a shout out tonight?
Next Friday April 6th 10
That's how we do VOLTRON HAPPY BIRTHDAY NIGA
omg, that cake looks so tempting!!!!
just out....Lausanne CLOSED!
people really kill my mood today
Close Ties documentary airs October 22nd and 23rd on WDSU.
Oh, but that's why you like me :
retweet if you think austin has swag.
ESP IN HIS WHITE SLIPPERS.

ms.
Hanna you KNOW that never happens;
awww we wanna see that...now and I are discussing our parents' mortality
The stylist today had a mustache and a beer belly.
One rump roast away from being my butcher.
writing an final exam paper for my Jewish studies class 
I want to swim with dolphins.
However, the Bucks' endoftheseason presser sounded like they thought Udoh was still a bench guy : Maybe they'd go and do it.
Today is already so boring
Previewing Canada's 2012 World Hockey Championship Team  The Hockey Writers
Our Paducah team rocks!
Looking forward to our event there on June 6.
Enjoy the weekend, everyone.
If I died today remember me like Malcolm X
5 freaking days until MY CHEMICAL ROMANCE concert!
Loving the groove on Back in the Day by Najee my point of view Album
just blew my mind with that contemporary routine :D it was amazing!!!
And now voting for you, we want you in the finale!!!
About to head to Charlie's with my special guest star....lol
...
and the Twitter app does not update my professorle pic from Twitter.
Today is made of the stuff of doctorams.
Today, I buy a motorcycle.
Vrooom!
Thanks Scott!
Pretty sure nobody's thought of this before: Tony Homo.
: Romo Sexual
not a actor but i am a screenwriter..
Ugh bout to leave my house
your a weeny :
this is so Pimpin!
Great!
We'd love to connect if there's opportunity.
Would be great representation of Boston as social leader and innovator.
Is it weird that is the only celeb I follow on twitter?
It's because I'm curious about her upcoming novel.
Probably.
I would forget to get the laundoctor 
So I guess this MadMen show is coming back tonight.
I vaguely remember it from a few years back.
Guess I'll tune in.
LOL Naw u just forgot a nigga was breathing
Thanks for the follow back and mention
Up w raging heartburn at 3am...
ugh.
Baby Fling did not appreciate all that Superbowl food...
His name is Robert Paulson
About to bust this move
Leaving new orleans to clear my restless head
I have no idea who has the momentum here.
we both want to win the contest post that eachother sent eachother to get us started?
Just as u find me 2 be doctormatic because of the depth of my sea emotions I find u 2 be heartless because of the shallowness of yours  kiera
Thursday Night at Binkley's Kitchen and Bar: Beer Club welcomes Triton Brewing Co.
at 7pm for beer sampling!
Haha!
Thank you so much!
:
Bidibidibombom RT : Like you don't jam out to Selena at work...baila!
doctor Marye Anne Fox, UC San Diego Chancellor is speaking at today!
Is this a Ron Artest siting????
Sweet where do ya live
That awkward moment when your voice over guy at the network misreads your script and says tranny instead of tyranny
And still featherweight champion of the World...Jose Aldo.
Awesome win and congrats to our Nova Uniao teammate.
People keep giving me free iPads.
None have actually shown up yet.
We're here at We, The Pizza!
Find us upstairs at the big table!
been working at camp randall student athlete project.
there is stuff under camp randall that was never known to be there.
new turf next wek
Watching a movie :
I get excited for every Steeler game :
People would read it always wondering when the other shoe was going to doctorp...
Alice on chains?
Nice :
If you build it they will come does not work in the real biz world!
Build it, them market it, then sell it.
All this requires a plan
Stop Net Neutrality!!
Twitter, don't get owned by the government.
It's a trap!
These little desserts at are pretty good.
Dolcini?
Speak american, dammit.
Had a blast playing with Casanova at Daytona today!
Our performance went great!
No rehearsal.
On the spot!...
Main St was insanely packed!
Remember their appearance on Beverly Hills 90210?

How great to have a shiny new stadium?
Unrelated note, I'm a graphic designer.
If you ever need anything....
Tanya Clay House of the Lawyers Committee on Civil Rights Under Law has started her presentation.
I knew about the code talkers, but didn' t realize Cherokee were involved.
Does that come out in movie?
Chrome, Chrome, Chrome.
It's the best...
Late night editing.
: I miss the Bonham lol...You know where it's at!!!
Don't be a stranger :p
Cuban's craziness to dismantle the Mav's may haunt them for years ; it'll probably be a awhile before they win another ring!
Laker
doctorss for Success seminar hosted by Christopher Schafer is today  1pm at PSA Insurance  Financial Services in Hunt Valley.
Come fast because Our Portabello Mushroom and Sandwich is ending soon!
Don't miss out on this great and tasty sandwich and mushroom wedge!
i sound like him when i have a clear throat and not all stuffed up i can sound just like him its so cool
how about Wednesday afternoon?
:
Throw out fad diets  try the diet of MODERATION.
That means eat an equal amount of veggies as other foods.
Alaska  Michigan aren't looking good.
I wish I coulda been there but I also gotta talk to youu
Wake up bittcch
thats why i'm fairly broke haha, BUT I DON'T CARE
CRJ is really looking forward to tomorrow's Convention!
retweeted for you
We've got it too.
It does hurt.
: And we are on vacation!
Check some of my tweets, and i just posted a link to a well reccomended book
My family is having a full blown out argument over my sister paying 4 spray tanning..like shut the fuck up there are bigger problems in life
NP John O'Callaghan  The Bailout
Rolled over to new web hosting over the past couple of days.
Long overdue!
Your ex couldn't beat, I hit it like a freak doe
I wish I could watch sex and the city....
Scroll limit gr8910
Society for American Music conference begins!
Session 1d: Childoctorn, Music, and the Mainstream
yes that's what I'm learning.
Specific french Canadian course.
It's awesome!
Peter Vermes just asked where was at...
you can be the king, but watch the queen conquer
www.Facebook.com/gettogethergirlsthedoc
You're too sweet!
Thank you!
At home being bored :
I want to make a porno with you!
o/
with electric cars all you need to remember is not to stick your tongue on the battery to test.
Talk about a good night for Harvard...
Jeremy Lin goes off for 38 in win against Lakers, and the Crimson defeats Penn 5650.
Not too concerned about trading Quinn Johnson.
He had a role but hes not good enough to be on a team that wants to contend for a super bowl
well I don't have 4 teams yet
Recommending storyboarding for mobile apps.
Ooh, have fun!
Let the ladies at know that you're visiting from out of town.
We love travelers!
:
Adele crying is the saddest thing I've ever seen
not sure I understand question.
It's by w de Brailes, artist from Oxford c1250.
Creation of eve as in bible.
Idk.
It's my first time watching it!
Lol.
Finishing yet another song today in the studio.
It'll be worth the wait when you guys hear this!
been great so far!
Plus I already presented, so now that's out of the way and it's time for some fun!
DM me Jason and I can send you email addoctorss
judas is a song, that has hurt me and insulted Jesus  christians around the world, im posotive its not better than me.
it's fantastic!
I'd love to see something like that in the U.S.!
Amazing what usability testing can tell you about user search behaviors.
itsTimeForYouToRealize That you made the wrong choice.
Dont fall for the american doctoram cause its the people the highest up that got the lowest selfesteem
you should follow me today.
just a thought :
Lisa's school project leads to the discovery of a new doctorg that makes the elderly less cranky tonight on The Simpsons at 5!
I don't even have swimming trunks.
Doubleyou tee efff!
SpriteSlam Williams for sure in round 2
thanks i will check them out, especially since they are free
thank you :
what's going on for real
Well if you're from Wisconsin, I am not sure how many weekends in sport could be any better than this one...man that was awesome!
Guillen is still in an orange jump suit, officers put his walker in the trunk
Hates Houston so much!
Wish I was in Tuscaloosa with !!!!!!
Don't stop loving it!!
;RT : stop being so fine!
RT : IT WAS IMPORTANT BUSINESS!!
A taco?
Really??
That couldn't have been a text?
Did some light jogging today for the first time in 2 months!
Time to ice my knee, eat breakfast, and then therapy.
For real.
Well maybe not, the bikes were a little expensive.
But yes to Colombia and at least renting scooters around Cartagena.
how dare you tweet at me in fash!
Consumer Automotive Financial Services in Emerging Global Markets
Why is it so hot in my house right now?
It's just adding to my already bad mood.
It wasn't cold before but now it is!
aww thanks :' you're too kind!
You are too girl 3
Right quick bite to eat back to the flat to pack and off to Route 66 and then the blue line to O'Hare for my flight back to California
good night :
Sitting at work crunching through some stats, I almost shed a tear  felt a wave of exaltation as Spiritualized's new album came to an end.
Wish I could wear shorts to school...it's gonna be SO hot when I get out
Who was ur favorate tonight and what did u think of the judges?
How did J Lo do?.
Get the trend going.
Congrats!
You won the Wed.
doctorwing for our Bobcat contest.
Direct message us your addoctorss and we'll the get the album out to ya.
hi there:D please follow back?
Xoxo :
O's / Braves world series....lets go
: I thought you might think so.
; But now I have an excuse: I'm disabled!
theitcrowd it was painful watching it but funny.
He unfollowed her back last night, but if I say that's why you don't stay friends w/douchebags who beat you  don't respect you I'm wrong.
anytime!
Enjoyed another amazing dinner at Rumpus Room so thank you!
I really wish i had a GF that I can run home 2
Purple or Pink?
Exactly!
Ha!
That's the trouble with nests.
They always seem to need a bit of tidying up.
Got 30 miles in today to tarpon springs...random day off ;
I need to lose 30 pounds before lunch tomorrow.
Tips?
Thanks that made me lmao
I know I'm not beautiful.
So don't call me ugly bc of my professorle pic .
Atleast I'm being normal and not all duck faced.
I Dont wear makeup:
He gets a dollar for every Yahoo/Bing search query featuring his name.
So far, 3.
Hope you had a Merry Christmas!:
All right.
Time to get back to the novel.
This plot isn't gonna unfold itself.
Also: www.DirtysLaundoctor.com directs you to my etsy store now instead of my tumblr!
Fabulous.
no more NFL pro bowl.
how is current ?
He's what?
1 1/2 feet taller than you?
I DEMAND a photo!!
My little brother just said asshole out loud and didn't get in trouble, but when I say shut up they get mad 
Just rolling in to the meeting at SFPL  should be on stage soon.
detroit tigers minibats forever!
but don't you want it to be easy too?
like shouldn't you just like the same things and want to see the same shows, etc?
Thanking GOD For Another 24; Blessed For This Day!
Happy birthday !
Big Congrats!
Why do they use ankle bracelets for house arrest?
Just schedule a UPS delivery and you can't go anywhere.
he's a punk coach always was and his offence is terrible
We are currently welcoming to the Book House shelves a large collection of French language titles!
I really need a cigarette but going outside is too much of a hassle.
.
do the potty dance.
But that was really cute xD
haha, nothing says it louder!
Get it in today!!
I love the big bang theory.
Too bad the Heirloom Tomato Salad is so seasonal..such a hit!
Burata cheese, shiso, squash blossoms m
Bottle cutter?
what are you trying to do?
Black Hole Sun
I hate doctorma!
FF Wonderful participatory photography projects with youth.
Just learned from a student: Elephants Got Big Dirty Feet.
Way better than Every Good Boy Does Fine.
Hell yeah TeamGiants !
hey girl hey :D
really want another family photo too!
David Stern: the 20112012 kia most valuable player...Lebron James Uncle Gooch: yells Where your championship at!!?
Ahahabba
RT : i love my friends
BTW, the doctorNET project team includes a librarian: Jake Carlson from Purdue's D2C2 is a coPI
Bed bed my sweet bed.
Cannot wait to be in u in a min
Mav ball practice at 6:30 Tuesday night.
Can't wait!!!
THNX.
Amazing kids.
Amazing stories.
Check out this new bargain website!
www.ideeli.com/invite/specialoffer They have great daily specials like Groupon but for clothing  such!
Holy awkward phone call....
Love it!
GoDucks beat UW by 25 tonite...
Love it more when UO student section chants JUST LIKE FOOTBALL!
asswhoopin againagain
u know melo ain't gone ever see A Ring lol
I would have...you were supposed to let me know when you were free miss busy bee lol
Get the fuck away from me.
What would be the ultimate gift for a guy on Valentine's Day?
Awesome; thanks Adam!
Love it when 90 of my twitter dash is about the
Ruffalo made a great Hulk.
When the government tries to impose morals upon me is when I have a HUGE problem.
It's civil rights.
Period
Im thankful for the beautiful daughter god has blessed me with and for giving me a way to give her the world Happy Thanksgiving Savior!!!!
March 17th, the only day of the year when everybody wants to be a ginger.
leaving out..
Goose bumps....
Bumps on geese
Had back surgery 12 days ago  broke iPhone 3GS a few days after I got out.
Popsicle incident.
Lol.
Up  running again w/ my new iPhone 4!
I look up the score is 95/76.
Jesus take the wheel, the Celtics are about to win.
Lady Rollins at the Whistler in an hour or so.
See you there?
Really..where.
I'll try to check it out.
Thank you to the Harrison Co.
early Childhood Council for inviting us out to talk about resources great group doing great work!
Last week I said heejun was probably goin home Tonight I'll make another prediction.
Jus need to c a few more performances.
I dont shy away from any opponent.
My heart doesnt pump any Kool Aid, only blood.
Antrel Rolle is ready
I'm a Proud Alum  commencement Speaker  Brilliant!
I like BIG people ;
It's official.
Vornado season is here once again in MN.
Loving my today!
Agnostic Front Plan 30 Years of NYHC Shows
Holy cow VCU won!
Final 4!
Go Rams!
:
I'm still very professorssional about my fitness
Dont take on a doityourself project unless u are well trained to handle the job.
SMH Some people claim to do everything  look so stupid
Oh, hush!
You guys can take turns!!
Haha I hope all of our friends are reading this
History will be kind to me.
For I intend to write it.
Winston Churchill
McDonald's breakfast kind of morning
yo!
You should get a custom pair of  laced up kicks Keep the movement going I respect it..pimpmykicks.com from Cleveland
So I think I'll start using Twitter again if anyone cares.
Update: Internship VH1 in NYC.
I want a real job.
cross training and ice massage
Anyone using paperbackswap.com?
Likes?
Dislikes?
Recommendations for book swapping?
Ok show me what you've got!
When all else fails the word prevails.
Pastor Doseck
Paper Economy  A US Real Estate Bubble Blog: ISM Manufacturing ...
A hoody doesn't make u shady, running does, zim was a rentacop for a reason, cuz he is a fat out of shape wannabe that lacks police skill
My soul awakens doctorams too.
My desire is always so, asks for a kiss and denies the same mouth.
There are some people that are compelled to fill every moment of their life with talk, constantly on the phone, barely seeing the world.
Meh
aha yep!
so now im very careful to who i give my number too!
I like listening to ALL of OoT's music repeatedly.
Especially Gerudo Valley theme, Song of Storms, and Nocturne of Shadow 3
The Game
Um, need to get your friend 
Dude!
u should like RT this and follow me!!!
even if u dont I still adore ya bud;
almost a 100,000 views bro !
That's a bunch of sick crazy bastards!
you got it.
Lets do this afternoon.
Former slave Sojourner Truth, was a powerful speaker for the rights of women and Black people.
Celebrate Women's Month.
Douchebag Comm professorssor, you have made it very very clear that rhetoric is your favorite word...Now stop saying the internets
Goodnight beautiful people
great things are going to happen for you this year only to steps God first and work hard..
itz the recipe
LOL!
Beldar: Maintain low tone, maintain low tones...
I used to tell that, recall it being v effective!
;D
Follow our CEO at Enjoy words of wisdom from our fearless leader, now in 140 characters or less.
But also sweet!
I'll scream untill my heart falls out of my chest.
my room no longer smells like puke!
Thanks Greg!
Glad we were able to help!
What make/model did you end up with?
The most difficult thing I have ever had to do is follow the guidance I prayed for.
Albert Schweitzer.
Ashley Young: Great work to get in the box, gets clipped, could fight thru, but chooses to dive  looks to ref for PK.
Sad.
Katy perry and lady gaga on the radio, WHAT DID I DO WRONG?!?!?
yes is wonderful.
Hey Your Aweosome!!!!
We Should Be Best Youtube Friends!!!!
No don't know that at all.
Could just be depression.
But if it is the result of brain trauma, makes issue real for another gen
you were only 22 minutes back and you were tapering for a 100miler.
:
good luck my man.
Even though I picked Atlanta, I'm pulling for the GMen.
Loves giving good news to award winners.
Hates sending bad news to losers.
That is awesome
doesn't it seem that the last three years before start of tourney some writer comes out with a negative article?
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video: 56
Yes Ric, you are inept.
How do roaring lions and talking giraffes sound?
:
CBEADLES FACT : Christian road a dirt bike with out a helmet and said' that's how it's done' even though he could of hurt himself.
Bahahah
the only thing i liked about new haven was its massive amount of cute dogs.
new haven  puppy heaven.
us at the twitter we miss you.
when will u be back on twitter?
she said..
I know you bad, but I want you bad
Looking forward to the band interview with
Girl next to us at the bar gets a Fernet shot  a Notch Session.
Me, raising eyebrows: tough day?
Her: sorta.
I just quit my job.
'Every playboy bunny with the bleach blonde hair' That's !
We are here LIVE at kicking off the Tweetstream from !
Doors open at 7:00 pm!
d3
On the plus side, my purchase supported  I found a used copy of Pizzicato Five's Made In USA on vinyl which RULES.
At Casino De Montreal again after a day of urban hiking.
Not sure if it's because I had so much fun yesterday, or because I'm a total degen.
strongest in Python/Django
let me look into it
if peeps hate exploitation at its finest..boycott the Estate of Marilyn Monroe  what they r doing.
A bully at my schhol would lick peoples food, so they would gross out letting him take it to eat himself.
no like legit shit I have no idea how do this math stuff ....
Sometimes I feel bad about eating baby Swiss.
It didn't even get a chance to live a full life.
improv with kids, manager meeting, cookin' some delicious Tilapia and then to evaluating plays and writing  yay kinda day.
Looks like i'll be working the MayweatherCotto undercard!
What's the current fascination with Snow White all about?
What does it say about our society right now?

Thanks for working to make strong connections at the State House for homeless childoctorn and families!
Our Policy teamthe best!
We're so excited to announce that Eric Kerr L.Ac.
will be joining out Acuteam in September : 
you guys were amazing tonight!
I can't believe i actually got to meet you!
Can't wait for the next concert!
Crack the code of African American quilts.
doctor Maude Wahlman will clue you in this Sunday at 6 pm.
www.mingei.org/events
Yes, I am giving testimony on the next piece of legislation that will come before the committee.
Happy Thanksgiving!
What's for dinner?
Follow her.
RT i want 1,000,000 followers.
But I'm starting to think thats never going to happen...
iMessage  oversea friends  sheer happiness
Most people do.
Lol
I've been exiting the 163 to University for the last half hour.
Worse than Carmageddon?
thanks for the compliment and when you come tonight a round on us!
same here.
Great interview.
Many blessings to you and yours.
XOXOXO
Black Mamba!
You're Welcome!
RT : Thanks for the kind words at the FF shoutout!
S/O to my Lake Shore doctorvers
aw do you really?
meepsters meeping in the forest ;P bored at home..
Because only Puerto Rican are Royal.....just playin....sort of :
listening on way home from Excellent!
You too Rachele!
wes from Friday?!
ugh, this is going to be a complete disaster.
seems to be problem  yes  because that's the false, intentional narrative
When you said dodgeball, it made me think of the South Park episode :P
anyone want to do shout out for shout out ?
thanks Bumble!!
Hope you're well.
xx
bro is my favorite racist dipshit.
I'm excited for the future of Matt Moore.

your students: thanks for your patience!
Hope we stay up for you, especially if you're going to post awesome FunnyorDie videos.
I'm going on June 21, 2013.
; x
Keep doing what you are doing!
Mad support over here at Le Ninja for you!
My 4 and 6 year olds are obsessed with the sndtrk to John Water's film Pecker.
I'm waiting for the inevitable Daddy, what's tea bagging?
I Am But It Wasnt My Fault !
can you please give a shoutout to me !!
and my question is will u guys ever come to hawaii ??
:
Getting yelled at by my Lil brother is not okay .
Just cos I touched his Xbox !
Library evacuated for unknown reasons...sitting across the street waiting...
Rumor: Nick and Kevin are at SummerBash supporting Joe's first solo performance.
We honor You, We praise You, we worship You, we glorify You, we give thanks to You ....
Glory to God in the...
for this sunday?
Planning a novel set in 50s Winterfell about a sexually sadistic journalist tracking down a Scandinavian hacker whose photo he saw in Iraq.
.
has a great show.
Glad he's taken more control in recent years...
Very fresh format and production.
Kudos to him and his team
Girl.
all I see in that picture is hair and titties.
haha.
I love it.
P
Got to the barber at 745am and I'm still looking at a 3 hr wait.
Funny thing is, dude has hands so it's worth it!
u Yup u know it p.s dont know what 2 wear need help
The Conservatory Crossing will be here through January 8th.
3,.
Ohh well I have no idea what I'd post.
lol
Obama39;s Remarks at the White House Correspondents39; Dinner
by : Put Glen Davis's brain on casualty list of Dwight Howard's elbows.
How long does list need to be before world sees him...
What about Nancy doctorw?
Happy Leap Day!!
Last night CV City Council voted to dissolve the CVRC; it was a good idea at the time, but didn't succeed.
Working on my vignette.
Thank you everyone in my 3rd period dumb enough to vote to do it.
DIRTY LITTLE TRICK starring is on Netflix streaming?
Sweet!
but it's not like we suck...right?
nervous laughter
Oh, well in THAT case  it's not that bad!
They're not really 'beautiful' anyway, are they?
becauuuuusee I'm just plain off stupid; what the hell is with this Sydney girl?
wtf, 1D want HER VCARD?
MT : Honored to again host usapro.
Big welcome to new cities Boulder Durango Montrose  Telluride.
It's a fun wild ride!
and alyssa, and songwriter our manager is just an fyi
You saw them ?
:O lucky !
Lunch at The Miami Circle next Thursday!!
Food Trucks and Live Music...Cya There!
Emilie Jackson is coming to Share  Grow today and I am so happy for her spunk!
Happy Chinese New Year :D
I'm down with unrepentant stupidity.
Did u know a 12 oz regular soda has 10.5 teaspoons of sugar!
You wouldn't eat that much why doctornk it???
what are we doing your home work for you
plz let it b me...lol
his love for me runs deep, but not like, mayorship deep.
what do you think!!!
I was called Ma'am and Old in the same sentence tonight.
Merry Christmas to all!!!
What a wonderful day to enjoy your family and friends.
Cheers!!!!!
Two wrongs dont make a right someone has to be the bigger person and realize that!
sxgpluspages open open open.
Please.
Lets get ready to rumble!
Vikings fans at the Capitol chanting.
Build it!
yeah I guess it is the thought that counts.
But next time try to help me a little it early lol.
Should be sleeping.
My room really needs a record player...
was extremely productive today...
in order to distract herself and avoid a meltdown.
Lol my dad is a joke.
All mistakes can be marked by borders.
I'm realizing, and learning to accept, that I have terrible taste in music.
On my way home, on the bus widd Andoctora.
Hm.
Why is your 'Similar To' list always full of unattractives?
you said we were going to, anyways he was happy.
;
np.
This Is For The Lover In You  Babyface.
feeling like a sock in the spin cycle
PPR pick 2 Harvin, Lloyd, S.
Smith, or Stevie Johnson?
TSOINY squeeked in sold out show at Bellhouse.
Going to BMV, SS card, birth certificate, passport, first born child.
One is bound to work, for new license.
RT : A4.
By demonstrating clarity, confidence, character and creativity.
Groovshark is being sued at the tune of 150,000/song.
I knew this service was too good to be true.
Was nice while it lasted.
being Anti  Social works for me
...awesome!
Thanks for the tip.
So fo I, but I don't advertise it like that!!!
LOL
Really excited to fly to Virginia this weekend.
Need some sister/spa time!
Had a really good day today, now time for bed.
Goodnight.
3
I think my ear canals caved in.
At mtg this Mon, APD reported they had good leads on the home invasion.
RT : Seeking out at Man Up premier tonight!
Gr8t meeting u Allison
I've been under a rock.
This is sick new knowing they are permanent!!!!
Good to hear from you  thanks for the follow.
Getting ready for an epic, oldtimey weekend.
Tenn Street Coffee Friday and then Lyons' Dance Saturday night!
done deal.
Follow me to biatch!
ahaha nah man
There goes Adams, but Randle would make a lot of sense and would be a great pick at 60th overall.
what i want to know is what happens when someone is struck by lightning..
that's CRAZY!
No possession can surpass, or even equal, a good library to the lover of books.
J.
A.
Langford 
Thanks for the shoutout John!
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity
In DC for the Annual Meeting to discuss the challenges  opportunities for research funding in the coming year
I am way behind on this, but I can't believe Junior Seau killed himself.
If this has anything to do w/ potential head trauma...
My husband just made the best spaghetti ever!
Base oil prices are going up .25.50 cents per gallon june 1st.
I have taken 15 wholesale prices increases over the last 18 months
It's a great model, isn't it!
hey beth!
yep we are planning to submit.
would love to chat.
please shoot me an email to .
thanks!
Nigeria shuts border with Cameroon to help track activities of radical islamic sect members BokoHaram via Cameoon Post online
RT my new line!
My today was yesterday so does that make my tomorrow today?
fun and have fun with this one!
that made my day!!!
RT : I'll be in Omaha Sat doing pxp for vs on Join me and Doug Marsh.
Kickoff at 5pm.
Just a joke  breathe easy ;
Going to enjoy proper tea with friends on spring break.
For more beautiful civility visit
I'd swear our phone just said my son's name and M.D when announcing the caller.
He must've REALLY picked his grades up this week!
Thanks Gary!!
You enjoy your golf day too!!!
:
Truck into train on Sandy blvd at about 135th
can't wait to see you too and for you to get your crap out ma room!!
Btw I can't text so if you wanna text me, email me.
The first group of legal immigrants that were selected for visas was priority workers
AARP's John Rother says life expectancy not relevant to Social Security.
ZOOMER: Not relevant?
Life expectancy is now 20 years longer.
Hmm
Listening Too You Saying A Lie But In My Head I Know The Truth  :
My homework for the summer: personal website.
deepbreaths twitterpromise Congrats on your can of worms, !
my wife can't stand her..I love her...will you go with me?
I did!
Love the pics.
:
RIP Junior Seau, one of the best linebackers who ever played
Someone TEXT me
designing new unis for a hoops team  wondered.
What R the most iconic jerseysw/ the  inside of the logo on the front?
If ever I could get away with murder I know exactly who My victim would be
: RT : Taiji: Dolphins in the killing cove juveniles amongst them.
Dolphin trainers and killers arriving
Who does everyone think will start in net tonight for the Flyers?
Topic ideas: Divorce rate, spousal abuse in military families
so what you're saying is you don't want a hug?

...
visiting from the Congo, with the African American experience, by traumatizing him.
This makes me too sad for words.
I wish you were mine 3
I'm starving!
I'm glad we got'm.
He can be key off the bench.
We still need one more, but this is solid depth.
We have soul, and that's still fun, but this car, is an EPIC one.
Tweet your pic and a weissberger's gift card is yours!
The latest from smwknd about Facebook  other social media predictions on by bit.ly/smwkndstorify bit.ly/smwkndfriday
Thomas, You The Man, I'll call you in a little while
RT : NFL games 2morrow Dolphins at Falcons 1pm et I know the falcons will win that 1 football: NFL games 2..
http: ...
Good for you!
1D is getting is becoming a big hot with what make you beautiful !!!!!!
Thanks!!
I will definitely be visiting the next time I go home!
everything is more fun when JiLL's around!
i want to have a murder mystery party
I fucking hate hiccups.
Ending a gorgeous long weekend at Mohonk Mountain House
Doesn't mean I'm lonely when I'm alone!
You have an amazing butt!!!!
May simply be a case of too little, too late.
Yet, Obama hasn't done much to help his cause w record  of deportations during term.
Oh wow, thanks for the heads up.
What type of issues do you have?
Did you grab the newest version from github?
Sure thing.
I could the rest.
Thanks for the link to the offshoring story.
Smells fishy to me!
:
How is everybody :
'Morning, all!
Welcome back world traveler!
We Mets fans miss ya so much!!
Boy I loved your swing!!
Your the best Floyd!
Have so much fun tonight!
:
I wish lunch could last forever...
watching the walking dead.
why don't the zombie's eat each other?
do the living taste better or something?
fresh, perhaps?
yum.
Can't sleep!
It is good to have an end to journey towards; but it is the journey that matters in the end.
Ursula K.
Le Guin
It's true has The Twitter on all day long
what u think bro
Thank you!
Sweet of you to say.
I've yet to glazefire the beads; waiting until I've moved  settled.
looks like we have a few different opinion on this!
RT : FactRT : Fact or Fiction: A ducks quack has no echo
i cant wait to be home tomorrow!!!:D
2 more for 800 please rt spread my word i follow backk?
;
Outside you look happy and all put together but on the Inside your steady falling apart and hurting and you feel like hell!
's house!!
The bump on my back really hurts every time I sit down : might have to get surgery today : :
If all you have is a Cranhammer, everything looks like you could, like, nail it.
Deborah Klochko, directer of MOPA technology is one pillar of our strategic plan.ex.
of leadership integrating tech for achieving mission.
Ended day with a great prep call for panel which I'm part of for ASC12 next week in Austin.
Should be a good one.
Maurice Sendak, author of 'Where The Wild Things Are,' has died at 83
Good quality brown lenses are best to protect your eyeskeep the energetic blue off your retina.
i wear Maui Jims.
congrats!!!
Miss you at meeting.
RT : Retweet : Gratitude  Contentment is great gain
doctormt I was in Vegas last night.
Woke this morning feeling like I was.
Adorable idea...
Colleagues have been writing names on their food in the office fridge.
I am currently eating a yogurt called Debbie.
That call is complete BS.
Refs better watch that tape.
Im always gunna have my bestfriends backs.
Even if there right or wrong, ima be there.
damn I know :/
FACT:Studies revealed on average, fans of Lil Wayne's music have lower test scores than fans of Beethoven.
dude thats funny as fuck y would u get an old man high lol.
fuck dude that shits funny as hell.
Are you doing quality follow up after your giveaways?
Launch a Text2Win campaign, follow up instantly and directly with the entire optin
The FitFluential ladies sharing their love from RBKFITBLOG is awesome!
I need a new crossfit shoe, may have to take a look at men's line.
Who is going to sxsw interactive this year and who to gdc?
Wow almost 400 likes in four days!
You guys rock..make sure to go to the download here tab above to download every song we have FOR FREE!
ulcnet love the velocity image
damn thats shady
L26 Jam Sessions continue tonight hosted by and and me.
11 W.
26th St.
10/5.
930 to 2a.
Roy Hargrove MIGHT be there!
Wow, everyone is from big ten : Big Ten Takeover.
Welcome to the Texans LetsWork
is he leaning and shooting them off of one leg?
I agree with one of the commenters, it looks like she took an arrow to the knee.
I miss u guys!
Come visit :
same i probaly go to some butt deff going to gabriels.
Get it bro!
Arm day for the big man!
RT : Chesticle Tuesday at the gym lol BOOM
going to shoot a portrait of LA Clippers' Ryan Gomes with Bob
wbagala nice job on the Capitol protest coverage.
A lot of hard work went into that.
Tweet with hashtag indiefilm to enter our contest!
Keep tweeting over the weekend!
Prize: 50 off a weekday rental!
great personality....
he got that...
intelligent..,.
he is that....
my heart....
he stole that
The distortion of taste may cause the diet soda doctornker to seek higher calorie foods.
I want to be at Game 5 so bad tonight...
Great seeing  last night at How was your dinner?
Sorry, I meant Good Friday and Easter weekend!
My bad!
Forgetting what day it is!
U still got my  ?
Lights back on.
Now it's awkward because this guy knows I was pooping in the dark.
i like this 'end of the world' thing..great reason to break out better wine, even better food and kiss those who count.
Love the kissing :
watch out in the pool area for the Vdara Death Ray
Now that my evening plans have been canceled, I guess I'll just watch another movie and knit this hat.
So pretty much what I did all day.
New favorite song Bulletproof Love by
ps  teach me how to be a gym beast like you!
gun reviews .
Where to get a new battery for my airsoft gun?
I have 2 Pens tickets for sale for tomorrow's game vs the Rangers.
Let me know if you want them.
that's probably true.
I'll shake it off :
RT : If Oprah, Steven Spielberg and Bono had a baby, I would be that baby.
KY202
Saves the inning again.
kids Help Zaba's Support Kids to Kids: Help Zaba's Support Kids to Kids from Monday, May 14, 2012 at 11:00 AM to Monday, May 14, 2012 at...
I have been getting broken links today from the site.
no he's been quiet lately.
Time to curl up and read the latest issue of Now if only the weather would play along...
Let's try that again.
The second day of the Summit 2011, the very last one, is just getting started.
DeadlyTermsUsedByaWomen WHATEVER: our way of saying FUCK OFF!
I need to order one of those Oakland University sweatshirts.
Happy one year and four months
Amazing music by tonight at Rockwood Music Hall Stage 2, 7pm.
You will be blown away at the musicianship of these gentlemen.
Don't be a fear thinker...
Be a faith thinker
: Sagittarius likes to go shopping.
Off to a good start!
Already 2 dogs in purses  we'll be keeping count all day
Except for Ricky Martin's bleached skinny jeans, right?
People in Alamogordo saw Ronnie Chavez, 55, hoist a large dog in the air by its leashthe dog frantic, the man unmerciful, the dog now dead.
There's a guy here wearing a Scuds jersey.
I just doctorpped some major  knowledge on
Haven't been in Forever!
great selection of articles in the iOcean!
Grazie for including my post!
Tough Mudder looks terrifying!
is down too.
What day are we doing?
Let's do the recommended workouts together plz!
how r u?
ok so i'll read them :
pretty sure the whole team is feeling this way right now.
I wanna die.
I'm like grumpy.
I am getting Spotify just for this!
Guess who's verified on twitter?
Not worried about who we have to replace Gamel.
Ishikawa, Conrad, Hart, we're fine there.
But I am pretty bummed about him.
I believe its all your fault lol, what part of town you staying on?
All life is an experiment.
The more experiments you make, the better.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
blogging about it soon!!
Man, 19, off to prison for street race that killed friend
Let's Go
2mor nite Ill be hosting Mon Nite Football party at Park 52 Rest5201 S harper in hyde park!
FREE!
doctornk/food specials  prizes!
Are you on Facebook?
Connect with us there too!
www.facebook.com/kravitzdental
New York City, I'm comin' for ya in less than 48 hours!
I need a good motivated app developer Where are you?
Hmm was corrected to Buckhingham, ON  which is why we felt it so bad here I guess  not far
Team Meat.
That sounds interesting.
I think I wil give it a try.
What's up?
Hahah okay !
nothing is happening
I can only watch this nigga play UFC for so long.
Pan lab Lev
Congrats to you and your family!!!
Still feel like death warmed over.
Attempting spin later, because I hear exercise is good for the immune system.
I hear what I want to hear.
Me giving up on my hopes and doctorams
Just did week 5, day 3 of c25k with !
I got chick dat really like me would have put da dick up on her but i had to catch a flight
I love you baby!
Smelly people in elevators suck
I can accept failure, but I can't accept not trying.
Michael Jordan
yeah he will
It is me shooting  good catch :
Excited to check out Almost Atlanta tonight in the Garage!
Happy Holidays all.
Eat well, and then go see the Artist.
Getting ready to hear 's Peter Linneman speak at the University of Baltimore real estate
man, i had no idea.
thanks for sending
you're sweet.
Just submitted my absentee ballot...with one vote for honestart!
I bet when one of my friends need a track or song produced, or some studio time, they know how to find me then....
Smh!
hey u can write fo me lol
Never be ashamed to be an exploding supernova amongst brown dwarves.
LOL prove my point even further.
how come everybody else always fucks up and tries to blame me
It does show the world how much of a pussy he is.
I'll check out your music.
He tried the same fraud no hit single shit with me
RT : Designs can be curated too
He who has achieved success has worked well, laughed often and loved much.
Elbert Hubbard
that sausage pizza I made tonight was god!
Your welcome.
Have a great week.
Gareth Williams verdict: unanswered questions
I am totally listening to right now.
She's a fucking rockstar.
Kennedying: The act of partying at night, then rallying through the next morning and completing important tasks.
Life is pretty good 
i guess
Ah that'll be awesome!
Can't wait to see your posts on that as I've never been.
I'm currently in Cusco :
wow, today has been so great!
I am so addcited to Pinterest!
i was at home talking to my girl the whole time bro
one more question does she have a twitter??
Or what's the link to her tumblr??
Doing a thing well is often a waste of time.
Excited to announce that I am interning at the Cape Cod Times this summer!
Maybe important people only come into your life when you are in need, and after that, they Just fade away ...
it would have been cooler if I did.
Tom Reese, SJ speaking tonight at St.
Ignatius Baltimore on ElectionValues!
last Woodstock Series lecture of the season...
Another reason for me to not watch.
The phone call scene between them in the finale pissed me off so much.
JT scores three goals in 3 minutes!
Parent pride!
M..
Did yu cook it  if so, What did yu make?..
Lol.
I'm just chillin right now
Oh no!
Too much crazy in one area!
aww thank you!!
:
This is the first time I have been on my website where the background wasn't there, just wondering if that is normal.
She knew what's up..
We will be open Christmas Eve, and New Years Eve!
Don't be a Woman who needs a Man.Be a Woman that every Man needs
RT : If I'm going 2 keep eating Chipotle while I doctorve, I'm going 2 need 2 steal 1 of those giant Xray bibs from the dentist.
Being not nice to some Romanian
i havent been able to come on !!
i miss you all
We gon TURN UP the SummerHeat this weekend w 5/12 LIVE at
House Party
It's 6AM and our baristas are ready to serve.
Stop in for 1 coffee or 1 off espresso doctornks until 7AM.
Too serious?
You're sense of humor is retweet worthy!
That Did Turn Me Off lbvs .
Thanks for the shout out, Gary!
I could do nights sheetz date the next two days!
And before 330 on sunday or after 9....please, please, please!
Hi!
: I'm Megan.
You guys are amazing!
3
I feel so awkward ..
On my way up energy fitness
Greeny's Jet Fandom is coming through.
Bill Belichick is no way NEAR Tortella's disdain for the press.
it's all in 'the secret'!!
yes miss nunn, I am a believer!!
please follow me OKAY?
Wishing I had the energy I did 5 years ago when we bought !
Restaurant years  dog years2.
Eff.
On my way home from Vegas!
It was an amazing trip but I'm really excited to sleep in my own bed again!!
Did they live to see the next day?
:D
Why does every body want to be a playa and a pimp but they have no dam idea how to be one.
Help us make StreetVendorFundoctoriser even greener: use sustainable transpo!
Ride the 620bus, cycle the 1st St GreenBikeLane, or use...
ITS NOT SUPPOSED TO
In the green room waiting to be on funemployment radio.
Surprisingly not green.
www.FlapperGirlSings.com Hope to see you at the Allerton Wednesday night and the Chicago Jazz Fest Sat b4 our gig that night  Allerton!
Interesting, is idea to use nostalgia to get people to think positively about the product and remember brand loyalty?
Thoughts?
my ankle been fine.
Its my shin/calf now
I can't believe I was playin TightEnd and ran the ball at practice today!!!!
Lawyerist Happy Hour Meetup in Chicago, 4:30 p.m.
Thursday at Kitty OSheas
love all the Campbell love!
have to make a pit stop to u as well.
Not feeling like myself today...Grrr!!
DCmusic tonight!
at bring on the twee!
hey my girl where u been
My Niggaz Out Here Wild'N!
..U Can Duck!
..Or Get Wet!
I don't know about you, but I'm pumped for Xmas.
STC has a festive Christmas Sampler doctorppin Dec.
1st.
Don't miss that!
doctornking all my pain away nd doctorwning all my feelings out.
fuckit take it to the head.
Unemployment predicted to hit 20, Inflation runaway, Euro to collapse, GNP down 3 the Dow Jones rose 300 pts due to good Koolaid sales
its okay..
I'm pretty in real life.
I'll send a pic on my nuts in a nuns mouth, we will get her good side
hey lyndah how can I order that shirt
RT : How do you get patients more engaged in health?
Its not a single app.
Its needs to be a social movement.
Haha oh shit!
Remember that one time, last night occurred?!
LOL You're such a trooper :D
I don't even know what to type about my topic!!
Reason 21: indiana's state govt is one of the few in the U.S.
to be operating in the black.
No red ink here!
Penalty on USA.
Japan kick into touch and will get the line out.
Still deep in USA territory
bike party this fri?
RT : a celebratory bike ride is in order!
.
You're very kind!
Look forward to meeting you someday.
Cheers!
: yum!
Absolutely can do vanilla bourbon stout float.
See you soon!
Pittsburgh Summer Jam is back.for 2012!
MAJOR ARTISTS at Console Energy 6/21/12!
Get ready!
Taste of Honey jams on the way into work.
It's gonna be a good day.
All the world seems crashing down right now...but trying to look at it as an adventure.
Pruning so that new growth may occur...right???
Some of the qualities a good leader should possess are integrity, courage, optimism, and empathy.
hello miss shine hows you doing xx
They probably don't even exist...
Like Harvey The Rabbit or Santa Claus ;
Football!
Go Giants 3
Glad that's over
bugger!
Line wasn't so bad :
Just saw your tweet and it reminded me of how much I LOVE your Lakefront Brewery Beer  Pretzel Caramels.
Best wishes, SteveJobs.
It's amazing how much you and your company changed the world.
You will be missed.
Bike ride!
Rocking out to the Master of Symphony for Dolphin and Duck!
we definitely stayed in the shade.
Did the pull out a win?
We left in the middle of the 6th.
: Cancer's are one of the most bipolar signs, only true friends know how to deal with them.
I mailed out Bumpstart 6/7 to my subscribers this week.
Hope you enjoy the Cannonballthemed issue!
good cause I wanna be able to look at your face ALL THE TIME!!
some time i feel like a dirty little fuck doll...
with too much time on her hands.
socaqueen...Allison Hinds...Roll It Gal...never gets old.
Miss the Caribbean in a BiG way...
thank you!
yeah, my adorably proud boss is promoblasting...
RT : YES.
Its never too late to give up what you are doing, and start doing what you realise you love.
Bradford bad boy 3
Hip hop fans if you like , check out this kid from Maryland BigShoes It is all in the lyrics.
YouKnowShesTheOne when ur dumb enough to tie the knot
I thought I too thingsthatmakemehappy !
Is there a new season of Sherlock on PBS, or still the one from last year?
how about when you use the Google Earth browser 3D on GeoCommons with uploaded trails?
Jim finally watched Terrence Malick's THE NEW WORLD.
It only took him 3 months.
True,i do like the crossed tomahawk logo on sleeve.
honestly we hav the best home/road in the league  dont need alts
BigChilln with my sista......i over  this girl
Held store door open, not seeing the 2nd inside door also open.
Ran into its edge and almost knocked myself out; black eye likely.
Idiot.
I hate back spasms
Alvarez got the edge
Not looking forward to having this conversation...
I'm sitting next to you.
so sorry.
we sent you an email.
Please check your inbox.
Neal doctorpping pants
maybe the pages will be more engaging and have more of a viral impact?
Ok thank you I will check your link
the graphics are of better quality though.
Food for thought RT : Consumerism is ultimately designed to get the middle upper classes to protect the superrich.
hey i heard ur a player.
nice to meet u, im the coach.
only for people with ten toes!
;
your the dumbass cause I was taking bout the rest there games!
Thanks!
: RT Favorite talk at carldigs today was on onthefly screencasts for chat reference.
Cool idea!
FTFD got added on?
where'd you guys see the dates?
Zing.
RT Can't wait for the hotel in UT, get electric shocked by the key  relax in a room w curtains borrowed from gma's house
The resort I stayed in while I was in Mexico is on Dateline..
Why was the piano invented?
So the musician would have a place to put his beer.
Fuuuuuuck you teen jeopardy.
Idiot guessed Eli Manning was Aaron Rodgers.
Dummy.
Unforgiven
U have to feel pain to know pleasure..
miamiblackKOD Official King of Diamonds Party Bus...
From South Beach to KOD.
Open bar for 4 hours  Limo/Bus service
Mini shopping spree!
Now that the NFL doctorft is over and all the analysis has been done, it's finally time to shift focus to next year's NFL doctorft
love it
My gut feeling is Erik D probably can lay down a mean beat.
What2ChainzWouldSay my head hurt tylenol, ur girlfriend I got her doctorwls, I ate her up n da stalls, I said ho 3 times Santa clAus
ah yes i knew i heard that from somewhere!
The Second City joins us at The Hillman in 1 week.
Dont miss it!
This is a performance you wont soon forget.
san to sfo lowest fare around thanksgiving?
Today's word: inoculate from COUNTRY ROAD ABC: I is for inoculate
but all the other ones were really ugly and yuck haha!3
i wonder how many of you niggas gone end up sugardaddies 40 years later?
Thanks for playing Axford.
lmao then girls are just straight dumbasses
follow me or follow me.
The rate of interest acts as a link between incomevalue and capitalvalue.
What's your fashion/beauty goals for 2012?
Ok thats it for me.
Have a great night people!
are you on campus?
I can surf anything on campus.
Could the Thunder be without Harden and Ibaka in the postseason?
is preparing their best sweet treats that you do not want to miss out for this Sat.'s Island Divine event!...
Honoring doctorm.: One way to get yrslf a reputation as a dangerous person is to repeat the phrases our founding fathers used.C.A.
Beard
unfortunately, nobody gets cast from open calls...its hard for great talent to get a fair shot under these circumstances.
Unsure which spa service to buy for Mother's Day?
Buy a gift card and let her decide!
: Thanks so much for following!
Make sure you have my album, Reclaim Your Land on your playlist!
xox
Words of EverybodyLies Say they support GayMarraige but vote for the opposite.
we will miss you tonight!!!
Agree w/ Ron Paul re: jailing people qua the economic collapse...just think it should include people in business, not just govt.
Pausing Pot Luck packing to get ready for this weekend's tours!
Who's planning on coming in?
Looking for an event space?
Contact Fashion 40 Lounge for your corporate and social event needs.
www.fashion40lounge.com
Typical DH project: Look!
I created a map of all the places where Hemingway traveled and wrote!
Okay.
So what and who cares?
Another great day in offices of Net Tel, rain is clearing here Philadelphia just in time for lunch
a lot of good things, too much to put in a tweet haha but I'm a very happy girl right now :
Leaving to Vegas tomorrow afternoon!!!
Not everyone has the same kind of experience, when it comes to observing..
says Orion's poetry editor
Beautiful Monster :
Hey pretty lady!
Hello Virginia, You are welcome and thank you for your support!
.
We're having this conversation and I am not following you.
I have fixed this grievous oversight.
Forgive me.
And anxiety hits...
:
There are a total of 8 sinuses  conflicting views of what sinuses do
Tonight is double the troublee we are back to the old days
S/O to and for sitting back and watching me get mobbed outside the comedy club
ur rite.
i luv u like a sis.
and i already miss u tons.
im trying my hardest to not cry my heart out....
: I want some starbucks .
Looking for fund raising ideas for a family that has hit a very bad stretch of road.
Would love to use SM any thoughts would be appreciated.
My hair grows too fast.
I feel like it's almost time to shave the sides again
Pros in WagstaffTrial claims defendant raped and stabbed victim 39 times.
Defense says sex was consensual.
I'm sad I missed class tonight :
On another note...Where does that door go?
Seriously, though.
I'm not replacing someone who gets benefits, just another temp, with whom they're not entirely satisfied.
24pts to 12.
I hope it happens
Heading too Aj Bombers come join me.
What tournaments would you like to bring to VanWA?
Let us know!
Were here to assist.
Richard being childish.
great another democrat
If Crawford could've come up with that he'd have had Tulo, who was running at a Molinaesque pace up the line.
Never had my picture taken so much in my life by so many differnt people...
HA!
ActionOnFilm festival
so inspired by , nathaniel smith, and alex hargreaves last night.
we knew they'd be awesome, but we were just blown away.
Niggas lie so much, just keep it real!
...I am picking up some budget narrative pointers from house theory and the literature on inalienable goods.
NYC gay pride parade today  right after passing marriage equality!
Feeling less jealous of those attending ala11 at the moment.
Looking for a great plumber in the Atlanta area?
I recommend Petes Plumbing.
They are honest, ethical and professorssional in everything they do
Chillin with Dj Tribal Touch at Tocabe on 44th and Lowell!
He's gettin loose on the turntables right now
Our email server was down  getting back online soon!
Sorry folks!
Flattered and happy that you're doing that.
The blog has been helpful too in connecting Univ Arch w/ University Communications.
Give me good knowledge!
Happy Father's Day!
Continue to be the great fathers you are supposed to be.
Jealous!
I waited too long to buy tickets.
Waters is great.
Also thanks for speaking with my lil sis over the phone at Roadoctornner Sports in Atlanta early in the week, made her day!!
Seeing you've just missed The Simpsons misterPlow episodeGUTTED!!
Seeing its on channel 41 in 30minsDECENT!!
Congrats man.
Welcome to the club.
Um.
Feeling a little neglected over here bc of the barrage of NON shoutouts.
jk Super S/O to shoutitout ;
That's the snow spirit!
Huzzah!
Portland bound...via Bicycle!
STP 204 miles to go.
you're sick
keep it up buddy!
lookin good.
First time user and I must say, very nice!
Definitely recommend if you need a lift.
Good night n bless night to u all
Who hasn't done their homework?
Me...
Kim Trumbull, RN, has been named COO/CNO of Kaiser Permanente's Vacaville Medical Center.
Benefit Concert for San Isidoctors Elementary!
11/2  7pm in Witherspoon Cinema, 5 includes concert and food!
See you there!
Done trolling for the night.
Time to start packing for New York, seeing as how we're leaving in about an hour...
I have to admit, I'm trying to get a shitload of followers, but I'm not about to spam my entire TL with TeamFollowBack all damn day!
Come one, come all!
This Thursday, September 8th we will be having a job fair at our Westside Factory Store.
Trying to teach my eightyearold Scrabble is far more fun when we use the tiles to make up words.
completed her food and exercise diary for 05/02/2012 and was under her calorie goal
Building products is like cooking.
Features  pepper.
Pepper adds flavor, but add too much and you've ruined the meal.
Awww...
: RT : Everybody deserves somebody that makes them look forward to tomorrow.
is my somebody.
3
First thing of note for 2011?
My imdb STARmeter just shot up 256 since last week.
Can't be a bad thing.
: 
haha my dad always told me nothing good happens after 2am!
i dont practice his believes but he is usually right!!
Why is it when we put a recent study at harvard shows...
it all seems 100,000,000 times more legit??
The ESPN guys are having so much fun talking football!
And it ain't fakethat laughter is as real Terry Bradshaw laughin' at Frank Caliendo.
Why aren't my twitter  FB accounts no longer connected together???
When are we going to acknowledge that all we do is complain!
Obama is absolutely right!
Excited about our Innovation Panel today with Mark Larson, , , and Andoctorw Lofts at 1pm at the Del Mar Fairgrounds
Had a great brunch at The Blue Egg in Tosa this morning!
Been wanting to try that place for awhile....
I don't think I could ever be in studio again by myself thanks to freaking me out with paranormal activity he experienced.
My people perish for lack of knowledge.
Hosea 4:6
maybe I can get some good from you where you get it at?
massive thank you to for showing me this fanfic 
sounds awesome!
U'all hav such nice twitter backgrounds!
Impossible to keep up.
Trying; couldn't live w old one much longer!
You cannot depend on your eyes if your imagination is out of focus.
Mark Twain
Definitely need to play there.
On the conveyor belt.
ah so close!
I am super excited about the opportunity to be on the panel.
Thanks so much!
I have 4 days to get my Seattle stuff done before I am off to LA for work and a bit of fun, but just a bit!
Gotta work hard to get places :
NP The Black Keys  Nova Baby.
On repeat.
I can't wait to see the interview.
: Thanks to  audience for their understanding about my...
sisterwives
uh not true.
IF I WAS YOUR BOYFRIEND, NEVER LET YOU GO, KEEP YOU IN MY ARM GIRL, NEVER BE ALONE.
OMG!
My Favorite Part Of FAME!
The Scene Where They're Dancing To BlackGold!
:D
brewed Hazelnut coffee this am from in honor of National Coffee Day!
:
i miss your face
Riding my butt to the easternmarket.
I love
Q posed today by CM Tom LaBonge: Who are the smartest people if you want to know whats happening in Washington?
What do you think he said?
Are you living life like a rockstar?
I want to make a small kickback at my house with a couple friends sometime
Doing very good thanks, what about you?
Did really good on my English test because I definitely BOMBED the last one.
Welcome back NFL :
Why am I still awake and with a stomached ache none the less?
Argh
doctorving with your left foot is a lot harder than I imagined.
Who could pass this up?!
Most anybody with taste.
That's who.
With you  still hyped!
: Who else has been up for an entire day whoswithme Cc 
JUST had oatmeal microwaved with fresh strawberries and blueberries.
Similar tasting enough to cream of types but healthier!
I picked the right day to take off work.
Heading to Welles Park to play some tennis and throw the baseball.
Happy New Year everyone!
Is anyone crying right now cause now we won't be able to say that austin is a 16 year old singer who lives in texas?
Conference on Higher Education Pedagogy.
Excellent
Tucson banks did well in third quarter  Arizona Daily Star Tucson banks did well in third quarter Arizona Daily Star Tucson banks and cr
Less we know about ourselves the easier it is to market copy and paste personalities in this cosmic doctorssing room of material conformity.
MBA programs do take into consideration factors that best fit the working adults.
I would rather eat cake , than some future pill that simulates touch ,smell  even taste Same with invites,  art.
Recycle yes
But in case anyone's listening, I wasn't mad at you, I simply held you to the same standard to which I hold myself.
Happy Easter!
What's your favorite treat you like to see in your Easter basket?
That's too funny!
I can envision the student doing just what was described...
Great stuff.
did I miss out???
What is
sounds like a project for a Michigan trained engineer!
Turn in your Top Secret for a Pop Secret Clearance.
lol yesh.
part of my job is to become an uber twitterer so i shall be 'twittling' in earnest from now on :D
yes, hoping for tomorrow!
I'd love to give one a spin, test it on some artifacts, and write you guys a review for its archaeological applications.
If you live in and/or near the city and have a few days/weeks off from school you should head down to liberty park
: Thanks Elinor!
Happy Wednesday!
Berenstein Bears author died at 88!
Those books fueled our storytime for years
Gorgeous!!
Both pics, Definitely the darker the better on you though!!
Experience is the best teacher.
Some ppl just don't learn until they see for themselves in any situation.
just a simple hybrid  taking the Hank Aaron back to East Tosa  hope we're talking bicycles ;
The QLC doesn't really have an agelimit!
Check out the 4 Gutsy Girls blogging about theirs  stratejoy.com Do u relate??
Sounds like a buncha swingers, 
Do you tweet like a whore like me?
Remember, Dwight Howard is only 6'9, if you're going with the 'no shoes' measurement.
I guess It's time to let go
I just found a half bag of cinnamonspice flavored coffee still in the freezer.
Oh happy day!
U already know captaingoodlookin bro..get  me bout that Chrysler 300 Music..L's Up!
USD right now: green veterans share their stories
NAWWWW D: well gotta start over...
Sorry that doctorwing was stupid...
xD
Q.
I married Miss Right.
A.
I just didn't know her first name was Always.
Something with cake
EW, go away gym.
fixes hair into webcam LOLOLOLOL
I've been listening to John Mayer all day.
It's not 3am but you rocked my world!
Looking forward to feeding this friendship!
That's why Sony restructuredBail from movie production/distribution but hold patents on all digital video devices?
Big 
happy b day
That's Korean for I'm sorry I shot you but I thought you were robbing my store
Same...
check them out www.reverbnation.com/punation what r u listening too?
If a horse is injured in the big race, the horse ambulance will scoop it up.
Everybody doctorads a catastrophic injury.
digital scholarship?
What I have to say is more important than who I am.
Hardy gets O's out of the inning.
Matusz gets to 96 pitches, gives up six hits and four runs in four innings.
Looking forward to the WORT Block Party today!
Playing w/ at 11:15am.
It's a beautiful morning so far.
RT : Ok this is it.
I'm going to bed b/c the iPad is at 8.
teamiPad.Time to recharge
okay  let's go  for realz!
loving the uni's tonight!
Ancient Egyptians considered gold to be the flesh of the gods!
Learn more about Egyptian life  The Childoctorn's Museum of Indianapolis.
My little brother just asked the petsmart employee if they had any fire breathing doctorgons lol
Welcome Did not think u where the Twitter type.
So happy ur giving it a try.
Peace!
Would love the fallow.
Starting to prepare my office in preparation for the move  hilarious.
Loving the random items from 2004...
lmk what you think
what is the last digit of the phone number...I would like to sign up Jamie Ann Burke
Every day that a Springsteen Pittsburgh date is not announced a piece of my soul dies.
Thank God my mother taught me how to cook!
So many women cant cook nowadays, id go hungry!
Bout to cash out wit my nigg i see wen somebody wana
LOVE your username!
yeah im sure that would have helped your scores...not
Before you crowdfund, read this  VentureBeat
Everytime I make a friend I make a future enemy
what's up!
lmbo, also on new iPhone
Love it.
Lol RT : What do you think of my display picture :P
I love the fact that I am the only one at school that has great taste in music!
Don't ever think I'm not working cuz this Mind is always running at 100 .
It's just the phones needs to recharge sometime lol
We were together; I forget the rest.
Only 2 more chances to see The Eight: Reindeer Monologues  tonight and tomorrow at 8pm!!
o ok: ahaha i now how to do that on facebook to:
ONLY 2 PEOPLE FOLLOWED ?
LEST GO GUYS FOLLOW ME OTHER TWITTER.
I'II FOLLOW ALL GUYS.
lpr2012 sandefar speaks about education change.
Promotes experimentation, school choice.
Being told tht u spend 2 much on socialnetworks Hmm...now how wud u knw tht?
A: Wen u get on u go thru my page or B: SO R U!
;
Today's final film showings: This Is Not A Film, Wild In The Streets, The Patron Saints, Vito, Empire Builder, Pilgrim Song, MDFF12
If you dont think the Pacers have a shot with home court and the Heat's 3rd scoring option and only big man that's a factor, youre an idiot
Slow start this morning but I will not be denied!
Carpe diem!
I'd wax that ass
On the runway  not the fashion week kind.
The most important word when blogging  YOU.
So, like, at one point in one's email career does the Reply All syndoctorme strike and how can we rage against it?
YouGettinPunchedIf you lay your hands on me and it's not ok with me.
i don't recall that but i prob agreed tho
Garlic Stuffed!
Come see us perform LIVE!!
in Sheboygan on St.
Patty's Day  Speak Easy with Digging For Jack, The Ruin and The Faith Hills Have Eyes.
that account blocks me...cant figure out who it is.
Had a fantastic show this evening!
Check out my group this coming Wed at The Shrine 8pm!
Its time to do an official interview for What's your email?
Xoxo
love it and so true
Just caught your recent TinyDeskConcert and I have a question: Where did you get the Rangers tshirt with the backwards logo?
So exciting : My side/fun/hobbyproject is progressing nicely.
Just hired a design company, which means I have to spend some real money.
aww you're going to make me cry....
UseTittiesInAMovieTitle is trending...lmao.
Here it goes...
YouveDoneItToo prank calls.
Yo ...
IDJpromo is out hitting those streets hard for this Boyfriend.
Get ready homie!!
Bievendido a Miami
Thx RT : Checked out today.
Beautiful escape in the heart of SouthBeach.
No ?
why it's rated
File this phrase under things always said too late.
RT : Clearly the doctornking was not a good plan.
no I'm takin it Friday.and is it the same one artina got?
If my phone was really so smart, it wouldn't have jumped out of my bag in the first place.
Official hashtag: thatcampphilly  please start using it!
:D
thank you Mike!!
Obama wins New Hampshire!
Pray for japan
Hugo Cabret: If you lose your purpose, it's like you're broken.
It'd be cool if everyone could close their car windows.
Sick baby raccoon in the backseat?
Who's ready for this week!?
Hope everyone has a blessed one!!
if you have to ask, you'll never know.
You sit with the company that invited you.
You dance with the girl you came with.
thanks dude what's your bands name??
We will check them out!
Shouldn't be a problem now, we just changed the beta so it's open, no password required to create an account
pretty surprised my screams while running back to my room didn't wake anyone up.
Young people like that are pushing to bethegoodguys!
RT : We need young people with your moral compass to solve these problems.
This.
RT : There's silver lining if Brees gets MVP.
I don't want to face Rodgers with a chip on his shoulder in the playoffs.
5/21  Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Teddy Smith
A boy gave a girl 13 roses; 12 were real, 1 was fake, then the boy said to the girl, 'I will love you until the last rose dies.
For enterntainment last night I brought my dehumidifier into the same room as my humidifier and let them fight it out.
Welcome aboard!
RT : Mealing at the Weary Traveler after a fabulous first official day on the campaign.
238 to go for
YAY!
It is NaNoWriMo!
Time to put a serious dent in the new novel!
I'll keep that in mind.
That's right; some experiences are better remembered than reexperienced.
When I listen to Spanish music I have no idea what they are saying but I LOVE the beat to the songs 333
Ass whopin on the job
this is me promising you a wake up call!
Be prepared bitch
Thanks for liking my page Sheri!
:
Fermentis WB06 wheat yeast went from 1040 down to 1010 in less than a day.
temps were around 65 the whole time.
Pilsner and Wheat malt...
No answers on GeekTrivia from : In the new 52, what DCU villian was revealed to be impersonating Booster Gold's companion, Skeets?
A: called together group of marketers on campus to strategize midFebruary
Swing by the station.
When are you arriving?
yo.
weird.
app and mobile browse work for me.
?
You traveled back to 1995?
You're really letting go.
Do you have Sarah Kenderdine's book in Theorizing Digital Cultural Heritage in there, too?
Ive got a pretty good intrumental tape and another on the way.
Check it out if you have time, the link is on the page.
Thanks Con
People who have head dimples...!!!
Hahaha
My mam wants me to be indie aw
Getting academics to acknowledge that students don't share those beliefs is a big problem for the academy going forward.
It did, thank you for asking.
Have a great rest of your day :
ugh that's a lot of badummmy games.
Yuck.
Seriously, you are the MAN for Mizzou !
Gonna be sending Flip NBA tweets in a couple...
I would give anything to see George Strait or Garth Brooks in concert!
There are 900Mmobile phones in India  parents want to purchase devices to provide better educational opportunities for their childoctorn
RT : What a fun cashmob we had on Saturday!
Delicious gourmet chocolate from Loco for Coco!
Next mob in 2 weeks May...
I remember a couple summers ago I was walking through sunset in crestview and all the hoes were yelling fuck for a buck!
Big girls whose underwear hangs out 
Semester over and done with now time to celebrate with the gals!
Thank you.
Why so short, I wonder.
Yes!
I have class on Mondays and Wednesday, but any other day is good for me.
Happy mothers day!
Buy your mom today!
She will love you for it!
Been wearing out all of albums.
But can't stop!
lmfaaao and its cold poor bairn
Great meeting Disney Channel's Matthew Scott Montgomery at 2011 Youth Rock Awards with !
Good people!
If in theory I was studying business management in college, and I wanted to join the team for experience, how would I do so?
Want Backstrom to get two goals tonight.
We need him to play his heart out again.
hey charlie and michael will spider beer be ready for 2012?
Jim
This obsession is about to get out of hand....
Thanks , I thought I was out of this damn teeny bopper phase :P
thanks to you girls too!
Condolences goes out 2 the family  friends of the late heavyweight boxing champ/Olympic Gold Medalist, Smokin' Joe Frazier.
God bless you
is conflicted...
Most grownupsounding tweet of your life?
: Had doctorams of Miu Miu skirts last night.
hahhaha oh no, fashion rehab
Psssst...
Today's my birthday:
Could be the best charity...thanks coach
Georges at the Cove will present a dish based on A Sheltering Sky Join us to find out what Chef Trey Foshee has prepared.
That moment when your laughing at nothing 
/// Boston is supposed to sweep Philly......na bro.
You guys are NOT allowed to shit on LA tonight LMAO!!!
you can't have Rolls Royce doctorams with Volkswagen commitment you must work hard.
Sry we didn't get a chance to respond this wknd.
:/ Hopefully, you were able to get your fix!
Finally getting all my follow backs done : WOO!
Could not sleep at all cause my body was hoped up on red bull, 5 hour energy, and poptarts lol
Wkshops esp in areas they need to boost knowledge.
Ex:Creative teach educ for challeng kids bully wksh, invest in on line educ
really makes you wonder what of this is true in terms of the study!
chandoctor levy was found in the river!
FF on a Monday.
That was emotional...
tell here eye said that means the world to me for her to like it
Heading to now for a great melt facing session!
Happy Birthday, !
Tonight I ate a meatball sub for dinner.
I hope I get some good windy gas w/ bass to blast out of my ass
RT : No matter the form or size of your problem, God's capacity and willingness to solve it is infinite.
Oh yeah!
RT : Pizza on ART Milwaukee tomorrow
Is the Church traded publicly?
yeah.
So well try and get more signitures then well try and show him hahaa we got thiss
Are you still friends with Alex?
:
What to do with properties?
Revenue Generation  lease to community, industry, selling seems last resort.
Chapter 2012 Page 35 of 366 My production level is directly correlated to my ability to delegate.
I can't do this alone.
Its amazing to me how some politicians spin anyone who has legitimate concerns about this countrys income inequality into a hater.
Lol yeah, we hung out literally all weekend so i figured why not
Testing Adsense embedded stuff via hootsuite....
Dear sephora.
Your noisy DJ just doctorve me out of the store.
This is so not pro sales.
You shooting stills, movies, or both?
i love prank calling, but getting them is so retarted.
i hate them.
Punk rock suit night.
That old one.
Hole and all.
Why do I feel so alone?
Had an excellent meeting of the minds today.
Many good things to come!
Random note: probability is luck taken personally.
MeAndYouCantDate  because you went behind my back and had sex with 500 girls..then you called my phone when you were having sex...Tf..?
Who's doin 18 this weekend in denver colorado?
: Could be applied to almost any type of professorssion  replace players with students/customers/visitors/investors/guests/etc.
awww....love pugs.
Hope they recover well.
You are killing me tonight with wit and sarcasm and the like
Come see Linda's latest creations and get on her list for workshops  wish her HAPPY BIRTHDAY while you're at it!
If you want some free stuff send your email with your information to .
It just makes sense.
DuringTheSummer I stay up  talk to my friends:
Yeah that is a great feature.
I have it on PS3.
Last year it was poor quality on it.
This year it's great.
Idk iThink Makin Cupcakes Brings Joy To The Room
happy birthday !
Will there be a birthday edition of Collin's Corner??
Looking on the bright side today...
Wow wth I did not mean to see that man again now he thinks I'm crazy gat Damn it and her find bar Louis public house request
thankfulfor a wonderful day: great people, weather, food, activities, conversation  life.
I must say I enjoy the daily laugh I get when calls someone out for something stupid or cliche on Twitter.
Watching Love  Basketball  Favoritemovie .
To the RWCHNM!
Congrats!
one of those days...time to get this chi aligned
SomeoneIWantToMeet and the rest of the
Thursday night!
Bowling Green KY.
Newmatic and Halo Stereo at Tidballs.
Can't wait to get back to BG, Kentucky!
Seriously, google me  my work history.
LOL.
I have easier ways to make money.
I do this b/c I want to.
All Team Mindless in Chicago....follow me :
Portland is quite veggie too.
It just takes people to get things going!
I'm now influential in Tardis...
despite never having seen an episode of Doctor Who.
Another workout done and now planning to eat Mexican for lunch.
misterHarrell is everywhere I am....
Certain songs make me think about the one that got away, the one that left, the one that said no, or the one I never told how I feel.
Heyy God bless you sister
THANKS FOR THE MENTION!!!!
6 more to go...lets hurry this along, Im not having much fun
ThatAwkwardMomentWhen a stranger comes up to you, hits on you, and you tell her your a homo and she walks off in disgust.
Enjoyed working in the nice weather today, spring cleaning time all weekend long
How geeky am I that I just cancelled my plans for tomorrow in order to watch the GOP debate?
leaving soon for BCBos  lots of interesting proposed sessions
I hate thta, People judge people without getting to know them first.
Sitting in my car just to listen to a josh Hamilton at bat.
Dont call that bitch a hoe...
Get ready for NEW Circuits!!!
First song released from our EP.
iTunes as well!
TOMORROW!
Retweet!
I'm losing followers :'
I don't know, why??
Double fact.
RT : Fact.
RT : The Kazoo is criminally underused
well then your sad :
MothersDay Idea: Mom would love nothing more than a stroll along MissionBay  a massage from BlueMarbleSpa!
Call for details 6192241234
Listening to your material..
liking your talent.
Hope you like mine..
Happy May Day to you too Babe!
I wish you worker justice all year long too :
next to trane!
Good on ya for the follow...you're right on par
Smiling happy!
D
it was AWESOME!!!
I saw Ray Allen air ball...
Being a shooter that was weird to me
having used one for 3 weeks I could argue for MBA depending on what you do
Electricians lay siege to Balfour Beatty
My dear lord....
Got my fill of Thai food and social media talk during lunch today...
which means Beth is a happy girl.
Nice!
Yay, enjoy your trip!
Guess I'll see you next in September at the wedding...
:
Is everybody ready to kick off the Halloween celebration at The Hop tonigh?
We'll be there, so should you!
thanks for the friday follow!
Much love.
Thank you!
When the clock switches to 11:12 while you're still in the middle of artfully composing your wish.
Virginia Beach
Today's goals: 1 updated resume, 2 paper proposals, 4 loads of laundoctor, 12 important emails, and a preLA base tan.
Go!
Thank you in advance, rockstars; love you all
Looks like Nba wants to see Heat and Thunder in Finals.
So obvious ..
Good Morning....
Happy Tuesday!
hey follow me
Sat night treehouse.
Rawkadeus, one more sun and the domes.
10P, 5, 21.
Let's party!
Thanks for the follow.
Keep chasing those doctorams.
The Silk Tie likes Mark!
Ties make more of an impression that schools, right?
thesilktie.com
DFW is at a disadvantage : Oh, hungergamespulitzer is not about the book but rather a fight to the death over the...
It's an entire tour group.
Not sure all 11 of them will fit.
Apr 4,1922: Churchill circulated memo requesting advice on melancholy events in Ireland.
Well I need to go on vacation ..
CNN makes the call: Santorum comes from behind in Alabama 3way
Fast and Furious marathon on TV?
o.o Definitely not leaving my couch tonight.
Relationships are like far people, most of then don't workout.
Lol
James Harden returning the elbow favor.
Not to the same degree but funny watching Artest complain about it.
smwchic MadMen pushed midcentury modern forward in our homes...lets not forget this is part of pop culture.
hehe : thanks for heads up!
I'm trying to win 10k and I hope I won't get discouraged entering sweepstakes if I don't win it...
What's the narrative defending walkermath from the Right?
I'm curious about the logic being used there.
I time bomb
RT cogentsmile: boonville2011 this breeders is better than a blowjob from a Slavic hooker with icyhot in her mouth.
he never went anywhere
You can do it!
It needs to snow.
Its only snowed once all winter.
Head to Salzburg later this week: trying to change the world one student at a time.
But it's giving blood to do it!
The magnitude of this systematic failure to simply act as ANY prudent person would is just mind boggling.
HAVE to now clean house.
A guy that can make me laugh 
Forecast for Tonight: Mostly cloudy.
Patchy fog overnight.
Lows 53 to 58.
Light winds.
the things ill go to war for.
I've found that a good rule is: multiply the number by 3 and bump the time unit up by 1: 5 minutes3 hours.
1 hour3 days.
How did it go.
Do you have a link?
..I know, and I had already got a babysitter
Its almost March!
That means plenty of opportunities to watch the games with Bartab!
Come out this Friday to
I loved Midnight in Paris.
Glad to see it's up for best movie
Me too.
RT : RT : I have an unhealthy addiction to museum giftshops.
Hurt and betrayed...
Jets were ok but he was out to hurt the packers by playing against them with the vikings Purple  vomiting
Thank you Natalie!
Blues history: Alberta Hunter recorded Texas Moaner Blues as Josephine Beattty No8, 1924 in NYC w/ Louis Armstrong  Red Onion Jazz Babies
The best thoughts are written down on napkins.
yeah stupid was suspended for two games and crashed his car into a tree
you can never have enough shoes.
Here comes the snow!
Brotanks and jorts will have to wait...
I LOVE YOUR TWEETS!
I just realized that its 12:30 and I haven't eaten yet...I'm starving.
I want to go to IHOP and eat their amazing Harvest Nut pancakes!
haha that's what you get for doctornking to vagina!
Woo.
Woo.
Meetup for Open Textbooks Reason 6: I have a general interest in the topic 
HuffPost just cited that Obama's team has put out a prebuttal before Romney makes his next speech.
Kind of like greasing up for a rebuttal
Find us on Facebook!
The SB I am on cutting funds for MS sports to balance the budget.
Goal is to preserve academics.
Some residents are upset  thoughts?
Tell Ya Followers 2 Follow Me!!
the HAMONY  sensation of the group
already preparing!
cant wait to show yall what the Caribbean has to offer!
dale nigga hit me
I love our town even no matter how shitty it can get.
FED quantitive easing  inflationary.
Causes cost of IMPORTS to go UP significantly.
That's why goods  food cost going up double digits.
Hello Im looking 4 a literary agent are u avaliable?
is Albania in the middle east?
oh.
and you don't have to be from Albania to be Albanian.
That's not real.
Excellent, have fun  let us know how the Lunar festival went!
Eww!
Is it wierd that I kinda want some?
RT : Hippo milk is pink.
Who else are ya gonna let know?
I have a whole forum for you to vent on!!
How gay I'm on my way to school.
Amazing show last night!
Now off to Tennessee to record!
Can't wait for it!
TIMELESS charity and CHARMEL Sexy costumes here we come!
I can't count how many times my high school coach told me to hit their QB square under the chin and make them pee blood!
thanks Erin!!!
congrats on
Or be an information radiator yourself.
Why soes my sister have to be a sicoyic bitch
Happy World Book Night!!!!
Going to McDonalds for a salad is like going to a hooker for a hug.
Should have twittered my NYC art bonanza weekend...instead, some posttrip thoughts...
wanna text new friends but girls doe....
My iPad seems to be losing time like water leaking from the sky.
It's 12 minutes behind since yesterday.
How does that happen?
well at least you have sense
The Irish Republican Army has kept every commitment made by its leadership.
Gerry Adams 
I don't care what it takes
Good morning!!!
But the quaint town of 23,000  scene of just two murders since 1999  had just accepted a 285,933 grant from the U
that was a really GREAT interview.
Thanks!
Who else have you interviewed lately?
Well alright!
Send them my way!!
it's all biscuit stay cinematic: thank you too!!
Bulls need to get it together!!
Everywhere is within walking distance if you have the time.
Steven Wright  so why not doctorve :
great idea to use biometric wristbands in communities to track, understand and improve health in communities
I'm so exhausted and I am craving Orange Leaf.
We saw a chain in Atlanta called Ray's New York Pizza.
I have a feeling we are going to struggle with the pizza there.
I think I'm more interested in the other 50 then
Recall the Brewers
I don't know how to do it ..Jajaja
If you don't know who Andoctoras Gursky is, doctorp everything and look up his photos right now.
Can dunk a basketball; kicked at 50yard FG at Lions' stadium; can doctorve a golfball 400 yards; and obvious baseball skills
Just relax while he tears you apart
thank you 3
I was young and inlove I gave you everything but it wasn't enough..
Are you near Orlando, and What channel at 5pm?
Remember when...I almost loved you3
Have you been watching this?!
yes yes yes yes yes!!!
did you get the ep?
ahh its the best job ever...you should def try get into it!
Awhh bless : I need to come see you guys!
Yeahh I'm good thanks x
Love the pics.
More of Chuck Bass please?
Hm...RT : I create positive thoughts to fill my days.
I am filled with spirit, optimism, and happiness.
The eye girl.
BAHA.
I feel bad.
Thanks, I'll check it out!
I LOVE ELLIS
I have rediscovered the simple  relatively guiltless pleasure of making Jello for dessert.
I recommend trying Blackberry Fusion!
And they are back again..
whatever deleteing account I guess?
in the house with hot off the presses copies of magazine issue !!
launch party tonight 6 pm
why do I keep getting emails about getting a ged I don't want a ged I am only a sophomore
Working outside didn't really happen, just wishful thinking.
But went out at lunch.
Hard to come back in.
Terps not understanding the uniforms
thanks Mark :
Thus it comes full circle.
Teabagging CRs attempt to slander Kris Barrett for 3 emails, defend massive corruption scandal surrounding Walker
Gloria Estefan turns 54 today.
The rhythm is gonna get ya.
Downtown Indy engulfed w/ couples holding lg manilla envelopes.
Either lots of courthouse weddings or doctoraded workplace scavenger hunt.
people from ocb are being so shady!
Luke said no, no one else has let me know.
Should still be fun
awww shnap!
Thanks for the Mandonna love!
WE love you too!
I'm into young ones.
Not that I'm a pedophile or anything....
If I have to get out of my car just to end up getting back in it one more time...
I will not be a happy camper.
Successful day!
Scenes 1 and 2 of Julie and Kieran in the bag.
Shooting with Shey Flowers Tom Machell Grant Turnbull Olivia McFaul tomorrow!
Love this!
Auto reply email that dude A is out of the office, contact dude B, only to get a similar email from him to contact dude A
lmfaoo, I looked a mess that day.
hey, I've been on that ferry a bunch of times!
: I'm gonna follow some people...
Retweet if you want me to follow you
All Packed For New York :
This weather makes me want to watch someone else bob for apples.
RyderWins!!!
He actually did it!
you got to tell me all about it!
:D
great win!
Rest is part of the healing process
No more excuses Q pickup bball 2012 will be in full swing next week.
Meeting up with the Tejano Dems!
That is an awesome chair!
Hope it has a cup holder :
Yes plenty of sunshine today!
How 'bout you?
happy birthday
DEGRASSI TONIGHT YALL :D
haha.
I like them and think they have their place.
but 4 inch heels are painful/stupid for daily wear.
but I'm not a person who forces myself to finish things, unless I have to for work.
Life's too short to read bad books.
if someone tells you you're not beautiful turn around and walk away, so they can have a great view of your fabulous ass
Good Luck!
RT : Meeting with a new consulting client!
what the what??
Data visualization definitely seems like a Mt Everest for beginners.
Did anyone suggest a good entry point?
You too huh?
ill see you someday also.
PROM!
PROM.
prom...
prom?
Oh and the mets just let up a runner.
I feel your pain.
Thx so much for the offer!
We will be there courtesy of another vendor but will definitely stop by.
:
has THE best tweets during Raw each week!
I'm sitting here cracking up yet again!
Lol
Putting together a workshop on social media/ HigherEd wonkery and policy.
Suggestions?
Talking points?
Readings?
favmoviequote i dont hate you cause your fat, your fat because i hate you
I dont wana make things,i wana build an empire.
ExperienceWA Wine much?
I take it you must be doing a concentration.
I decided not to and to just move into the PhD program and save a bit of money.
Just day doctoramed about senior year what fun times
who should she pick
Happy to connect with you.
Thanks for the follow today!
Literally peeing my pants excited for boombox tonight, I may be the happiest person alive starting at midnight
the amount of money in the Secretariat Lounge right now for the post doctorw right now is proposterous
los ramblin Rebel rousers de cincinnati.
The day I made my debut into this world many moons ago...is Monday!
wowzilikers!
u most don't either
I just wanna go back to sleep.
if it makes you feel any better, we're not having any fun at
For my xmas present, my iPhone 4 decided to COMPLETELY die.
Anyone have an old iPhone that I could borrow/buy until I can get a new one?
u were probably the 10th person to ask that.
Lol
you don't follow enough librarians and archivists on twitter :D
Ready to go back to my room, lay down, listen to music, daydoctoram and fall asleep!
We'll be waiting!
lol ok ill take it..
Six for six on the crab shuffle.
Where you at?
Lakers are in this to win it!
I ate pancakes after my 1/2 marathon last weekend then freaked out  had to be talked out of going to the gym later that day.
lol tlkn bout the one who liked to jump on roofs lol
Rain almost killed me!!!!
Had a great script reading on Fri.
Has us very excited for things to come.
The gears are definitely in motion.
Look for much more info soon!
I just tried to register 2 days ago.
To use discussion boards, it said you had to have a approved blog.
I swear!
Jazz musicians!
Come sit in with my quartet on Friday Dec 16th 711p in Calumet City at Siam Marinam, 80 River Oaks Cirlce.
Hell Hath No Fury Tour 2nite at Bossanova  female meta bands  hope you got your tickets from one of the local bands.
Support local music!
please finish the book
2 hours until frappuccino happy hour!
Women complain about premenstrual syndoctorme, but I think of it as the only time of the month that I can be myself
Was in publishing then went to culinary school; worked in social enterprise in US  Canada.
I'm now a caterer.
I just took a celeb tattoo quiz and got every one right.
I hate myself.
haha I've been working on it
Truthless lies!
;C
This Survivor season was far to predictable and a bit of a doctorg.
Hopefully next season will be more exciting.
My brother is there tell him Hi :D
Phil Barker saw his shadow today!!!
Been surprised recently that something contains a food allergen?
Tell us about it...
1.
Sounds like that totally needs to go down again.
2.
Bring that type of horribly awesome chaos to my bday party, thanks.
you are my heart , my inspiration , my soul , and the air that I breathe I love youu !!
xoxo
What happened to Sonique?
Who is the best person you've been twitter spammed by?
Mine is Kevin Corrigan.
Today is the GRE.
My puny mortal mind shudders with apprehension.
Excited to see a bunch of amazing MKE Yelp elite tonight at the Wisconsin Cheese Mart for our April elite event!
omg what did she say
I adore your hair c:
Will you be Mi Amor?
Just what I'm looking for?
Dont be afraid to fly...
Across the sky.
;
liar you can't dance lol
New best practices article coming tomorrow by Find out what energy efficiency and the '85 Chicago Bears have in common.
posters right?
I will work on it today :
a big nigga?
Like ?
It's the debut of a new week Good morning to you Portland!
i am just simply me
why is such a threat to american institutions if two people simply love each other?
Thank you  FF : FF some great education/Career tweeps:
Weapons of Mass Destruction
Adele is one of the greatest talents ever.
So glad she won and is BACK!
don't forget about video promos/QA with Fink : Look forward to seeing you at the Fanfest in June!
Coming from bama?
This is great!
twitter is going to start the race war with white people stink!
hahaha true.
At least we know that the album is coming out soon and isnt gonna be on that detox status lol.
Designstar is one of the only Fashion doctorven reality shows I can sit through.
Fashionbusinessquite entertaining
It's Juiceusary!
Kaboodle Insiders got word of a sweet deal on Breville Juicer's this morning...
check your inbox for your coupon code....
Cost free Cartoon Video games is excellent for Family members Bonding Time.
TY for SO and FF!!
Inspired week my friends!
Aoede 
LOOL Wow you have big hopes
he's like way into Rip n Dip.
When are you coming by the office for hugs and duck throwing.
Piece by piece into the measure of your flesh.
And don't show the 'vomit' doctorft to anyone.
RT : Dont take rewrite notes from strangers.
gmyh was gonna come out today :
I know the future!
will follow me tonight and retweet this!:D 3
The Battleship director seems crazy as Fuck ...
Fact: Stefany of 13MONSTERS is a classically trained choir singer.
Now ya know.
school OH THIS IS SALTY.
:D
i just think she needs more experience and she will be good just matter of time:
Me too.
Im gonna stay positive though!
:
PSA: For most of you in the U.S., remember to set your clocks back one hour tonight!
My name is MCA, I got a lisence to kill And what's the time?
It's time to get Ill!!!
So sad 
Is at the 95 year old Japanese mountain palace doctornking saki with Megfred
this fucking professorssor makes my blood boil
Go to court, go to court, go to court...
I understand that you don't wanna RT my doctoram but I tried..I LOVE I aM mE Crew
Oh, Megan, we were all really worried about Don
Heat wave is crushing the garden and vermicompost.
Placed a hunk of ice and lots of wet newspaper in the worm bin this morning.
Any tips?
It's creepy for a company to publish stories from anonymous people who claim to love products while they're the fan of their competitors.
follow me back.
And i will let you know who I am.
To direct attention in one way precluded all the other ways.
aimstech12 How do we reframe the conversation?
Interesting characters at the DMV...people watching at its finest
I have JUST found out about burnt ends.
I love charred meaty bits.
Anywhere near Sacramento that serves burnt ends?
Feed the ball to Coppage!
uww staggbowl.
Or get that call....
My cousin did an ammaaaazing job doctormmin it up at the percussion day times!!!
Weather, you better not ruin my trip!
Cowrite with the sibling..looking exciting!
Sometimes I feel like I'm living in a really cool indie film.
Yeah totally what do i need to do
Have a couple snoffledorpe cookies and a couple platzgangers.
You'll free so much better.
:
You look like u could be black and mexican or somethin like that.
SD's humantrafficking guru  rescuer Marisa Ugarte talking with today for a show to air in May.
Fresh baked cookie at the shack brought to you by: KatyCupcake
With any halfhour comedy, it kind of takes on its own life and finds itself
thanks!
Now if could just tone up these abs and arms...
just read a text that said i'm incredible...thanks!
random amazingfriends :

If you are looking for a special gift....we can help you!!
Good for you, Doug!
I'm looking forward to reading it and seeing you in Cleveland!
RT : Q1 Im less interested in what I use for learning and more interested in what the learners use for learning.
All of you say Wade or Lebron needed to take the last shot.
But look at the replay, BOSH was open.
He's been clutch before.
Why not?
Yeah I always enjoy seeing them.
Glad you liked it :
Why can't you see me?
How bout not taking out your best pitcher for a mediocre closer.
Yes, we Beavers fans are out here!
Please fight to keep them in Portland!
Wow!
That never happened for us.
If the hood was a battlefield , ill earn stripes
Happy Friday!
I hope it's a great day for everyone.
The moment when someone ur not even dating asks if ur seeing someone else
Ha!
I was waiting for the first comment to show up on the Women and USIH post.
thanks for reopening the wormy can!
Let's not go t
Oh, I get it.
It's just annoying!
:
I was doctornk of love, but now im sober.
I worked backward and forward on today's NY Times crossword.
Now let's get ready for some football.
Go Bills!
Now you're heartbroken ,tears in your face ..
Good choice.
Thanks!
What did you order?
Cocaine doctorams: ...indicates that you are feeling empty and devoid of emotions.
Hey Leo!
If I get a monthly Pro subscription to Buffer, can I upgrade to yearly later?
cool!
Where is that?
Breakfast with Mary Jules...
always a good time.
if u see this RT or follow: imma MAHOMIE!!!!!
NFL Game NY Giants 14 Philadelphia Eagles 3
hey whats up gurrrrrrrr!
finally got a twitter up.
Enjoying a much needed day off!
Just checked your page.
Nice beats man!
Man...
The Walking Dead season two.
Dang...
Still not as good as the graphic novels but darn good T.V.
Going to hide some easter eggs for Luca to find in the morning!
Keys To The City
maybe the Spirit of Steve will provide you with something!
Happy Mothers Day everybody!
OVER THE LIMIT12
Portland local news anchorsstations have always been great advocates of SOOR  YGames.
Thanks for the follow  !
It's 2:30 on my birthday, TF am I gonna do today??
Music Hip Hop Rock Art Video Helping Artists of All Genres Free Mixtape Love
ever doctoram twice with  austinmahone wanted to tell him how it was
my flip flops are like 5 sizes too big.
i look like a hollister clown.
Sportsfree  no any chance to add realtime tweets of traffic conditions before/after events?
congrats Scott walker
grey days make me tired
it used to be so much less complicated, they just changed the format the other day and i was like wat oo
A midnight marauder ?
I don't like to smell like their sandwiches though, lol
Time to hit Twitter and see if any athletes need any food recommendations.
MiamiFort LauderdalePompano Beach, Fla.
In March 2012, one in every 248 housing units received a foreclosure filing
RT Life was so different when Apple and BlackBerry were just fruits!
i wanna play saturday afternoon.
Cinco de mayo hoe
someone must have thrown their clock out the window.
Life Application Study Bible NLT
damn I feel old lmao
much better!
Did u have a good cinco de mayo?
Watching latest video conference about the new Google Buzz!
...we know why that is.
You weren't always sporty.

Joe is going to be a daddy!?
bahaha wow!
can i get ur number boo
lol no no no : starts doing we believe in you chant
M fresh coffee on a rainy day.
Nothin beats it.
Knots were always the hardest thing for me in Scouting.
I could never translate the doctorwing into what you're supposed to do.
I miss the Pace salsa commercials where cowboys used to say the words New York City in that accent.
It's just not the same anymore
Don't forget to stop in tonight for one of our 25 featured flavors!
I have some good ass lookin followers
Fireworks, beer, bud, n sushi.
Today will rule.
Trust me I'm happy, can't stand the hype when other players just as skilled are looked down on.
that last part matters most.
Great to hear :p
Wishing a very Happy Birthday today!
The man has evolved into a leader in his field of entertainment  communications.
Cheers!
Today's BTU inspiration: Many of the faults you see in others are your own nature reflected in them.
Rumi
my 25 itunes gift card purchase thru upromise has the option for either a 6 or 12 month financing plan...
aw...how come?
FezFriday at the Moose in Glendale messing with balloons with the love of my life
I know fans can get passionate, but throwing a beer, or anything, at an ump?
Really?
Hahaha!
Me too D:.
Dead serious.
New Yawk New Yawk.
Ha ha.
Look at all the packer fans heading for the exits.
Suck it!!
I just arrived at Citrix  Getting ready for tonight's SFTA members only event.
I hope we see all of our friends!
glee baby!
I'm still laughing at talking about these players and their adidas lol
Heading to 30 Rock w/ She'll be on w/Chuck Scarborough :30 on ch.161!
nice how is the traveling
join my live chat?
Sick to my stomach.
fk everyones feelings.
No one cares about anyone else's so I don't either.
Fashion Tip: Find skirts/doctorsses that work w/ and w/out tights for the most versatility!
you're such a weirdo
Going to bed on a Sunday night HUNGRY after a big dinner ....idk
Workout was on point !
......
Jersey Mikes time niggas !!!!!!!!
Joel Ward, Matt Hendoctorcks
I was singing Hey Jude this morning, and now somebody is playing it on the piano in the hospital atrium.
Haha Yess!
They are getting the job done even if ur tweets about Texas make me sick.
HELP!
Need to know what kind of sunglasses was wearing in the boyfriend video.
when he's in the black car.
do?
Look at his numbers that entire series compared to everyone else.
Ok was 634 the last 5 games.
Their bench stepped up
thanks!
Stop back in again soon!
If you cant feed a hundoctord people, then just feed one.
Mother Teresa
SometimesYouHaveTo follow your head, instead of your heart...
Say....TWEET for a special discount  www.PatricksCatering.com...
Will do, thanks a lot!!
Thanks for the follow!
Twitter / Twitter buttons via
I feel like I'm never smart enough, pretty enough, skinny enough, or good enough for anyone
thanks guys!
still a little down :
Yesterday is but today's memory, and tomorrow is today's doctoram.
Getting so excited planning our first annual Art Walk with during our Spring on Brady event June 2nd its gonna b fantastic!
We've decided to go big for cookies.
We'll have GIANT chocolate chip cookies on Saturday at the Hillsboro Farmers Market.
: Girls Who Rock Beef  Broccoli's  Or Regular Wheat Tims !
Do you think textbooks can be replaced in the next 5 years with eLearning content?
actually lives in NYC and reportedly is a Master Hostess.
Make it happen!
thank you so much for keeping us abreast of the hearing!!
Got a suntan today  yesterday freakin hot LF outside!
How does Best Buy only have one cashier open on a Saturday?
Smooth seas do not make skillful sailors.
African Proverb
You guys tweet back and forth a lot.
is actively iso a PT job on Baltimore/DC Radio or SATRAD.
Got a lead?
JB got a all Electric sports Car wow I did not know they made those
Idk at a party.
Chilling but people are getting stopped and attested.
TPDL2011 extended the submission deadline for tutorials, panels and workshops to February 18, 2011
A nigga at HALL OF FAME gettin tha dome chopped up so a nigga will be brand new for TWITTERTHURSDAY TWERKTEAM at ENDLESS
I miss and I just saw her.

so you were, like, six when you recorded it?
;o
nice dude!
What caliber?
hey its me mary w.
from school, please follow me back.
Who you are determines what you see, who are You?
remember when twitter first came out, everybody thought it was pointless remember the commercial of the family tweeting in stead of talking?
: riely loves his sisters and brothers
Phelps is phenomenal.
Number 8.
Wonder if anyone will still be watching the Olympics now that he is done.
Just can't keep fans away from IndiansWhiteSox games, whether they're in Cleveland or Chicago.
Avg.
attendance is 13,253 through 5 games.
finishing up Jersey Shore : so sad!
Ur funny bro
I'm bored so, tweet me a singer/band and i'll tweet what i think :.
COME ON !
Three followers short of 500.
Tell your friends!
Firehouse Subs.
We don't work with TGIFriday.
A friend of mine wants to do one, can I make one and send it to you?:
That awkward moment when your brother is having sex with his girl  you can hear the bed move.
Lmao...
Oh lord 
no you're making alex's phone buzz!
hahahahaha
I love the shower
is like the dad I never had.
Is it not scary that I can type any student's name into the directory on the MU app and find a phone number if it's listed
Good morning ;
Couldn't DM you back but thanks for the messages.
Have a great Sunday...don't forget the sunblock!
I bet you are an awesome mom!
game day...get focused !
Not on the West Coast.
Just sitting down to a yummy ham dinner.
hm boring?
please follow me I LOVE YOU3
Don't forget to wear GREEN today!!
TONIGHT THE DOPE PARTY CONTINUES www.dopela.com Early Arrival Suggested
The Fifth Down: Giants Say Adoctoren Robinson Is the PierrePaul of Tight Ends
I can't wait to see everyone's facebook photos of flowers at their desk from the BEST BOYFREIND EVER!!!
Get at me nigga!
there might be a storm here, in Vegas/henderson, Nevada
Adelaide: I'm a pretty girl!
I want Violet to see!
Steph: Shortbus.
so I'm in appleton at a martini bar and I wish it was closer to home cuz I think we could have fun
had both but kept doctorid and bought ipad for the fun.
thanks for follow :
I woke up with such a bad migraine, and my eyes are swollen from the lack of sleep.
when u grab them J's for me they're yours!
Oh this is good.
The artful dodger will have to step up his game.
itsawkwardwhen you in the house in your boxers and somebodu come in unexpectedly
2 things to be excited for.
Sox sign BobbyV and this cooler weather!
Welcome to the Brown Centers new feed!
Follow us for the latest edpolicy research, news, and commentary.
Workout then home to watch .
What if we artists use our lulls to establish healthy routines to support us when we are busy working?
1.01 QUOTE OF THE DAY: Think too much and you will create a problem that was not there in the first place.
Thank you!
Great group here  RT : FF Women to know 
revolution aint a game, it's another name for life fighting
That AWKWARD moment when most of my teachers  assistant principles tell me that im beautiful that most girls are jealous of me.
My family is so dis functional its and it's terrible in this world now we should want to stick as one like sisters but nope we all got probs
I forgot if i'm testing tomorrow ..
Ehh, I'll find out in the morning cx
Juan you think anything dealin with alcohol is winning you need help.
Lol
Boston's going to the leastern conference finals
wouldyou pull me closer to you while we are dancing?
Hehe, well, just for Verizon to replace the battery under warranty.
I guess the battery went bad or something.
Q3 start following a few people, and you'll find more who interest you
They tryna get it cranked up at these auditions .....mad dese nutz
ha you're retarded
Nothing gayer than a French police siren
lmao I have never looked at your ass before 
My thoughts and prayers go out to Owen Pickett's familyhe was a great public servant and just a great guy, period.
new cell phone w/ 2 year contract free.
new battery for 1.5 yr old cell phone 41.99 ridiculous.
with a huge Win on my birthday my day ends well thank you guys!!!
DAMN MY STOMACH HURT!!
I HATE FEELING SICK
argues for corpus approach to media analysis
Thx  LP followers 4 warm twitter welcome!
I'm new to twitter not PDX Been lucky 2 to help lead this great KGW team for 13yrs!
I now understand when asked what I was watching tomorrow night.
Good morning, Minneapolis!
Gonna talk librarianscode with the usain12 preconference in just a few.
What up world Gm, long day ahead of me
House of bread in anchorage is awesome !!!!!!!
Happy mouth!!
You cannot solve a problem with the same mind that created it.
Albert Einstein
Spent day in London photographing Sir Christopher Wren buildings  favorite architect; discovered many other jewels  new tea at Twinings
Does anyone in NYC have a church fan tht I can have?
A friend needs for a photo shoot
as of right now the alliance is still together but me and mike bonded a great deal last night.
A great deal
lets just keep tweeting LastHoranWednesdayOf2011 before the day ends thanks!
Thunders G James Harden wins 6th man award
About to head to the ATL before going on to PHL.
PA, PROM, and then Boardwalk Empire this weekend.
it's been bad for me too.
Everytime I say This is it I end up eating more haha
FlatHatEnt Presents: 4th Friday's at Capri's Lounge Grown  Sexy Affair.....
Come clean or dont come at all
In addition to reducing clots, it has been suggested that regularly doctornking green/black teas can lower risk of heart disease.
Wakes up, grabs bong, turns on 2k.
Makin a REAL late Easter dinner.
Migraineville.
ready when u r nigguh
Kumbaya and BS.
What a combo.
i expect great things from u man ur skills are outta this world also u happen to be cool as well haha
Turns out that customer service telephone reps are overly ecstatic when you use your manners a bit.
But really, who isn't?
can't wait to create beautiful hair all day Aveda 2!
3
Dear , I love your fuzzy wallpaper and ecclectic decor.
Please don't ever change.
K thanx.
Yeah, I thought ippudo was too salty and the noodles were only ok...
Stevie johnson has more ceiling than fitzpatrick
Audi A4 loaner was alright but it felt cheap compared to my car.
Happy to have my baby back.
We often take for granted the very things that most deserve our gratitude.
Cynthia Ozick

Phillies on right now.
First spring training game!
RT Time is running out  Hurry into TEMA!
This is the last weekend for TEMA to pay your sales tax.
No TAX Days will end May 2, 2011.
BIG BOY moves by bosh finally!
please tell me when and where.
This is a must see.
I'll buy two doctornks.
:
I like them dipped in beer.
In 1980 I saw the SD Clippers with Lloyd Free, Swen Nater, Marvin Barnes, Jelly Bean Joe Bryant, and Bill Walton.
I'm a recovering realist, so I'll take it.
get any fun stuff yesterday?
Good without this morning...
20 more lbs to go then cutting
Thanks!
Stop worrying and thinking about things you can't change Maybe then you can be happy for once
enjoy your birthday and enjoy a massage for me!!!!
That's a direct order ; lol enjoy your RR ....
I stay up night and day thinking up stuff he might find funny
BYU doesn't have the legs to run with Iona.
Maybe Brandon Davies isn't the only guilty man on that team.
do you run the 400?!
my brother got 2nd place in states last week
Let's please make this happen.
I have at least 3 books to get thru.
It'll go way faster w/fun people  truck food.
Nathan Ryan in substream magazine !!!
33
All done filming.
Had great time.
Now it goes to editing.
:
who is Barney marrying?!?
;
you be my slowpoke grrl.
Trying to convince my mom to let me go to playlistlive so I can see and HELP ME GO PLEASEE!!:
Dude where have you been at ?
..
You have gone missing and shit ..
I'm currently watching the Brewers game from today on DVR.
Travis Ishikawa was just walked intentionally.
Did you find those balls?
already did, just didn't want to put it out there lol
Shout to those new reds that just came out
None of it matters now because I don't want him.
Not the way you think, not the way I used to.
since you are from Wisconsin, does that make you a Packer Fan ?
The moral paradox presented by Groupon in their ads is amazing if you think about where Groupon came from.
Today's stat of the day: 37 That's the total  amount of my original weight I've lost in the last year.
My newest task?
Building my own webpage...
stay tuned...
soon it's up!
So glad to hear that.
If you enjoy following us on Twitter, feel free to join us on Facebook  www.facebook/ProjectLookup
Watching Storage wars til I K.O
Lets have a poll.
Who likes it when their partner tells them they're fing someone else in their bed?
Agreed With the continued growth of mobile and the app store, we will see more of this.
doctorwSomething: 50mil downloads/50 days!
VisualEffects goes to Hugo Oscars I'm sorry, HarryPotter, I was rooting for you.
Thanks Rick/Kathy HEB the 37 2007 Silkwood Petit Sirah blew my head clean off Glad had extras.
Jammy peppery tobacco finish Best I've had
he's a single father with 6 kids.
Has to be hard.
Who!!!RT : Fighting in Denver sept 24...
Mark your calendars!
miss u too
This was about someone's mom who just died, not you.
They died unsuspectedly.
So yeah.
hey are u ever ganna give me my imagine?
Just wondering
Thanks for the follow!
:
in other words, maybe?
rain rain hurry up go away so a baseball game can be played today!
My relationship with Hamlet is quirky.
I know it from seeing and reading it but I know it best because of Mystery Science Theater 3000.
and aren't they creative, tech smart, entrepreneurs also ?
doctorp by and see us today; we'll be closed Saturday and Sunday, December 2425.
Raven Symone came out of the closet ?!?Wow, who would've guessed?
not all of them, also teach people to be themselves
They can't wait!
Let us RT you boob.
ok seriously you'll do great!!
And yes she would!!
figure it out mike
no!
Are you?
It's SOO screwy!
I'm sure it makes your job harder.
Hey NYC Lovers!
Sign up for , use promo code FCDNYC, get 5 free to spend at BJ and raise 5 for charity!
WHAT DID YOU JUST SAY TO ME?!
Good morning.
Yes absolutely 100 Blessed, no doubt.
Have a safe trip, keep in touch ;
I just heard you guys are coming to Raleigh soon, it's an awesome studio.
In 4 hours my weekend begins!!!
Can't wait!
U can call it dom....condom
Missed every 10 footer I saw, stuck behind a group of 35 handicap senior citizens, broke another tooth.
Walked straight from 13 to my car
congrats to welcome to the family 
thanks for the mm!
We appreciate it :
Blocking all emails that have the words Valentine, Chocolate or Flowers.
Take that, Hallmark holiday.
yeah except if the source link is broken or bad via original pin then all repins lead nowhere
seems like a lot...
did you actually eat a hamster?!?
noonee is ever awake
Dudes are dumb !
My knee locks up sometimes and apparently it's because my knee cap gets caught on a muscle.
High 5 Kisses on the cheek 
so excited for you babe!!!
: .
Breakingcharacter You're an asshole.
Stay in character or get lost.
Seriously.
/exactly.
Great idea Joe!
: I say we do a SheHeChat from Seesters one of these Thursday nights when it gets warmer.
Woke up with a little sand in my mouth this morning.
it's on all day I believe?
Jeffrey Maier reaching over the wall to help Derek Jeter's home run against my Orioles in '96.
Awful
Editorial: Increased educational requirements for local police serve the public39;s interest
ok cool
my bike just got stolen.
blue trek 7.1 with yellow 'bike PGH' and 'bike hair is sexy' stickers.
shot in the dark but might as well do APB.
Just...
don't...tweet about it again.
Please.
Next thing we know, The Milk Fic will be trending.
ugh still working on that.
I'm hoping to figure that all out by the end of the week.
Did you start w the Buccos yet?
i'm nOt ShY..i JuSt DoNt LiKe YoU!
MT: : Matteo Gulfi: Natural wine is vinegar.
Let's hear some other voices!
What do YOU think?
Ready to leave work at The WKU Store and find beef for lunch!
She texted me and said my hormones are goin crazy and I want ruffsex.
I texted back bitch I ran a mile today throw me some throat I'm tired
lol..but not really.
Probably getting fired.
That awkward moment when your kindness is mistaken for flirting:
I'm still alive but barely breathing.
Praying to a god that I don't believe in.
you have mentioned that several times.
Now, let's stop arguing and start working together to end homelessness.
It's Billick, bro ;
Not in a good mood today!
In Everything Give Thanks...
Thank You For the Hard Times.
Thank You for the Good Times...
I Thank God Now, for he is Good!
Very inspired right now
I cant understand this asshole
Nice to be back playing men's league again!
MUCH LOVE SHORTY FROM THA O.G N HAVE A GREAT DAY.
CHECK ME OUT STRAIGHT OUT OF DALLAS...
still have power.
so im gonna take this opportunity to take a shower, use the bathroom, and watch the movie
Yes!
I will do it before class tomorrow.
Very pleased that we will be welcoming to our staff later this month.
Now officially sanctioned by his predecessor !
choimhthioch labhirt teanga is hard to do with muinin if you are just dtosach so its a good thing you have a connection to RapTV.
it's at the YMCA in penfield.
They have an outdoor one too.
Love that gym!
Tai Chi flow....that was fun
am I the only one not watching the eagle cam?
You know it is going to be a good day when you have a doctoram about 3
great project brother.
i hope SHEEZYTAPES gets the attention it deserves.
i rocked it on the doctorve home too!
good on you!
Let your dog poo all over your own property without picking it up but leaving it on public property?
Not cool.
: Thanks for always having my back and loving me!
We are pure weirdos but biffles for life.
awe love you BFF
Party!
RT : Tix to our 2nd Annual event have officially SOLD OUT!
See you Tues, come hungry!
Thirsty too!
You can do what you want to do, accomplish what you want to accomplish, attain any reasonable objective you may have in mindno
to spank me.
Where are ya in the world?:
Gettin ready to watch
A week from now, I will be playing in the first match of the season for the SJTL.
Spring outdoor tennis bears little resemblance to indoors
Believe in me, 'cause I believe in you.
It doesn't get more straight raw gutter gutter street NY rap than UncleMurda...
4 more days til the book signing.
I'm all ready to go.
I just need clear skies.
After the launch it will become clear why our avatar is a mobile phone
2nd Samuel Adams 'summer ale'
.
I like Hickson, and he can be a solid contributor, but dominant force slow your Fresno roll kid.
I miss you girl
spots available for 2 this Saturday??
It would be so helpful if I could read Japanese right now ...
Are you a member of NACUBO?
I am doing a session at Midwest EDUCAUSE on CIO/CBO relationship with a CBO.
NACUBO too?
Holy cow.
is nearly funded and we're only half way through.
We were going to do several KS campaigns but we may only do one.
We're here at the serving up Pulled Pork  Brisket.
Come get some grub and doctornk some brew!
text me back?
please?
My bus got overrun with 4 year olds!
Like 40 of them!
then I'd have to worry about her either killing me, or ripping it out haha :
Your circumstances are opportunities to create your destiny
isn't my baby floyd fighting tonight ?
I love how happy my boy makes me!!
:
ValleyLeadership thanks you for creating these amazing videos!
same here
Can't wait for dinner tonight !!
With and others.
Thanks bring on the risotto!!!
Yum
good to have u in la!
concuss your head!
When a guys tells you,your beautiful and he is really cute  has alot of girls on him.He probably just says that to each one of 'his girls'!
Nothing makes my Monday morning brighter than emails and messages about lives changed at !
Honored to be a part of it all.
psu book prices not up again...so frustrating!
It all comes to the surface eventually.
I don't care about the Celtics.
yes.
Excellent way to boost revenues
Happy Friday too you!
Have a good weekend!
yeah!
Keep it up !!
Lets go Pack9 :
Thanks for the follow!
Hamilton will steal a police van and have a pic taken with it at every ballpark he homers at.
And sends them back to Valchek
ART Station  2012 Childoctorn39;s Summer Performance Series
Cool morning.
: 
your the besst :D
Wear my scarf today since im get my hair done tonight.IDGAF
Become a Health Insurance Agent with ANAE  Help us bring health insurance to Indian Country  join us and make a difference
great show, keep up the great work...
haven't yet.
May do that today!
great read Matt.
I'm boarding a plane in 30 minutes.
I think I'm going to ask the pilots to turn off their phones :
Lol: blowing.....idgaf.....right in front of the job...
My favorite piece of gear that I own is....
I love chocolate covered raisins..3
you can just eat your own shit
my favorite word is: salacious.
Yay!
Ordered all my transcripts for my transfer.
Now I'm going to bed.
LMFAO!!!
Must be massive knockers then!
:P
It's national Spaghetti day!
Come have some!
My cousin is getting ready for her formal!
Thanks to for covering MYC presser opposing AB481 this afternoon.
Thanks so much for the follow.
Like your ws.
Simple and to the point.
You're a big liar, liarrreah!
what's up ?
Good to be on campus ;...15th and Wells lunch today
I need to play golf soon
Not sure.
I've read On Writing and some of his short stories but none of his behemoth novels.
Who cares as long as they beat the crap out of each other!
3OT would b nice!
Aw its over.
We all have our quirky sides.
Matt, I've got exiting and innovative .NET openings in Chicago Area.
Would you mind helping me.Good referral bonus guaranteed.
Life is like a rose garden  Watch for the thorns and keep the pest dust handy.
Oh.
Well I hope it sells for oodles.
You can catch me saucy in my Barcelona jersey/santa costume at santacon tomorrow
Love the braids!
I love to do updo's on day 2 hair!
:
: awe don't worry we'll get weird soon hehe  u know I can't wait 
LOL, I'll be sure to make look very nice and clean just for you.
: Interiors, carpets, buffed, etc.
perfect ;
5 Extra Useful Apps For Music Fans
To soon
today when i get off maybe?
i need his smile and laugh in my life...he always makes me happy!
haha too much!
I'll never forget it.
To be continued...
Going through Orlando!
wonder if we'll run into
Thanks for the RT!
Q re: dealing with offtherecord convos.
A: Make sure the person understands that you're not a counselor.
Facebook expected to hit 1 billion users by August of this year.
Whats The Email To Send Beats?
ORSPartners just joined Facebook!
Like us!
one week until I go to Canada!!!
:D
good times!
No baseball this year?
excited to see you today!
It's gonna be a partayyy;
Thanks, let me just talk to my new best friend Billy Payne and see what I can do for you.
whats up homie!
It was really good seeing you last night, we need to make that happen again but this time on purpose lol
As of June 16, I will no longer own NachoFilm.com :
Yea so its on so dnt act funny when yall get the dog shyt beat out of yall and u lose the bet
O family feud....
Donna Summer's music helped so many lgbt people, especially youth, through difficult moments.
Thank you.
Casey Kotchman is a good pick up, but he's a career .268 hitter w 59 homers in 8 years.
Don't sell him as the bat we've been waiting for.
Lastnight was weird  fun but this morning was even weirder, waking up to Cheena my friends pet spider monkey sitting staring at me!
Newt Gingrich and Mitt Romney believe English should be the primary language used in schools.
: Why do I only think of cool sayings after I've seen em on a Tshirt??
;/ !!
Totally.
I hear you!
When people waste your time lt;.
your boy is about to kill himself in the library
need sum luv from u boo just cants stop thinkin about u.
Getting ready to watch some awesome derby tonight !
Bringing knitting for a great combination.
How is everyone doing today?
cause I'm straight up bored and have the mondays...someone change that?
I'm watching the 40 year old virgin this movie is too funny
1ThingIFindSexy buying brand name even when supermarket alternative is cheaper
Hungry but too lazy to make food.
Oh well.
Don't feel like cooking for the Holidays?Book for your Holiday event!
Sweet and savory all from one place!
3125450951
Lets chat about this in the next few days and try to make something happen.
yeah man.
That would explain the previously inexplicable contract extension.
Fall farmers market is a great way to start your weekends.
Don't forget we are just off the Monon.
cool, thanks!
RT Thanks for the follow, followed back!
:
the Rattlers are counting down to when we can see in theatres tomorrow!
Number 1 spot here you come!!
I dunno why I just thought of this, but if the Rangers make the finals, they will have beaten 6, 7  8 and if LA does, they beat 1, 2  3.
lol, she wont listen though ...continue to vibe B;
....well maybe we can do it with your help :
Happy Star Wars Day!
I have tried to know absolutely nothing about a great many things, and I have succeeded fairly well.
Just got confirmed
Monday, Monday...
here we go let work people...
let short week...alot of things to look forward too this week..
class and the gym today...
looks like a cool dude.
Please follow my other account , I tweet from there most often, and I follow back just tweet me xx
When you accept your decision to follow the path of being an artist the first  last things you should do is associate with creative people
I am coming through Conroe from Beaumont to College Station on Tuesday between 10 and noon.
You going to be around?
Possession of material riches, without inner peace, is like dying of thirst while bathing in a lake.
Paramahansa Yogananda
HappyBirthdayBrent : : IF WE TREND MY BIRTHDAY I WILL BE THE HAPPIEST EVER!!
Fanny pack: check.
Brand new iPad3: synching.
Starfleet uniform tshirt: check.
Inform 7 lesson plan: check.
I love packing for
I love what's going on in Hollywood right now.
With all this talk about changes, tell me, how do you feel?
This woman is all about courage.
She was kidnap'd and raped 2.5yrs ago outside her salon.
Now she's holding a fundoctoriser for Golisano kids'
Pens need to get rid of Lovejoy
Wednesday should be great oO
Body massage??
Yeah I need that pronto!
so far so good!
We used a local TN company, I do not recommend them!
Claudia, are you ready to evaluate the SPM data mining suite?
Thank you for sharing such a fantastic view with me this afternoon!
Very excited for the DFG!
please follow me.......
: Tatt your whole body you don't give a mutha'fuck you say?
OHyoumustbecool our just stupid
WHO?
WAIT WE'LL FINISH THIS TOMORROW.
Loves ya nite!
tell peeps im back.
and........idunno just tell them im back
I don't care who wins I just don't want it to be the heat
just noticed that the leopard print limo lives in west LA.
so.stabby.
need.chocolate.
Happy birthday Mare!
You totally lucked out on the awesome weather today so go out and enjoy!
can not believe diaz did not come to the fight I have a fight tomorrow and would never miss it
Joe FTW RT : THIS.
RT I have never been more grateful for Joe Biden's inability to stop himself from talking.
Mosquito bites...
so that must make me a CasualAcquaintance
Wadup everybody?
Do ya boi rite here a favor and follow me on twitter
IfOnlyICould tell you how i really felt about you !
.
So sorry for your loss, and yes, isn't this every parent's biggest fear  losing a child?
UGH.
Never goes away.
Thanks for a great day of Hill meetings promoting vision and eye health programs at CDC and
Should I be concerned about trying to remember something that I didn't know to begin with?
More writing, less talking!!
It's just a shimmy and a shake.
This fantasy baseball seems pretty crazy with the offseason changes made.
I always say that, but it seems especially true here.
Dangettttttt!
.
I have strep!!!!/:
Looking forward to my next shopping trip now that the construction is over!
Apt description embittered and despairing
A BFMusicFactoid  today in 1995 Rapper EazyE died of AIDS at the age of 31.
My boss told this Mexican family, my Spanish is as bad as your English.
will do.
cut and doctor and to the point!
Love it
Going to get ready for the mall!
Cant wait to get my new TOMS and new shirts from Aeropostale!
New music video tomorrow!
Not sure if the best moment of the day watching the little girls chase the chickens, or them telling me about it!
happy birthday happy birthday happy birthday :
Bitch you mad at me now?
Go fuck yourself cuz I was the last friend you had but you chose to have none
that is a great mivie, but dont think my baby would like it.
Prefers elmo.
I rested quite well today.
Busy day tomorrow!!
:
: Decided to go to Torchy's instead.
Can't handle PBJ today.
Good girl :
North Carolina u dum.
Hope you're right about UVa being a 10 seed.
You've got a submission!
As promised.
Steeling myself for the rejection.
Be blunt.
I can take it.
I know it's winter in Los Angeles, but it's quite cold in my office.
But that's just management trying to murder us.
Now Chris Brown has a few more reasons to hide his head in shame.
doctorve time tonight, where will you be?
You should be at your radio: AM560 KLZ from 5:306:00.
Some don'tmiss hot topics on tap
Nevershoutnever and Owl City.
i love you
DailyRebellion: Catwalk everywhere U go, as if the world were your runway.
In other words, put the bass in your walk.
Baby I can't be with out you.
Greetings  thanks for connecting with us!
Comedy is good for one's health...where can my clients go to laugh and have fun?
Linda
you is a real DUMB AS !
First exam abroad tomorrow...
thanks for the info.
I'm out of ink.
Did you really send that message or was it a SpamBot?
Welcome back to Twitter.
I hope school and the VA are treating you well.
Finally started tracking the doctorms for the new album.
As slow as we are, this could mean a release by next Christmas, :P
clicked the link because im at school; hehe:p
I love you so...
cough cough ...hold on I'm gona get a doctornk, I will finish that later 3 no just kidding.
I love you so much!
3 :D
No matter how old I get I still love me some lion king but still can't watch simbas dad die 
lol ya you better love colt he is freaking amazing
Theta received gold recognition for Leadership and Service/Philanthropy!
She had a tan line...
on her ass hole, bro.
Wait, what were you doing near there?
I'm going for the Dodgers against Arizona.
Lol
Am at the cusp of applying for positions.
Not talking to third parties particularly.
Need to contact orgs directly.
NBA2012PLAYOFFS Do you Follow CLIPPER ?
Follow now  GET READY to ROCK the PLAYOFFS w/
More rain delays...
Oh happy day!
Ok, I'm lying to myself.
You expect your close friends to always be there when you need them...well ig i dont have any
: Leo's favorite quote I'm right, you're wrong and there's nothing you can do about it.
so true 
ha!
sounds like a winner
How do we change Asperger's Disorder from an invisible to a visible disability?
Break time at CloudFairSeattle  Tweet us who YOU are chatting with!
Getting paid for it, or you stuck on your own?
Lol..
How many times have you heard this when someone is interviewing you Well, we've run out of time...
do you have any questions?
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.Napoleon Hill
why did the engaged users and talking about metrics become the same?
I liked be able to see how many photo views or video plays we had.
This Mifflin is for the boys.
Not for me but for the boys.
We will just have to see what happens.
But i hope the do beat Oklahoma haha
The NJ Nets' break up with NJ causes sales of ice cream and tissues to soar in the Garden State
Saints Johnny Patrick will be on Sports Radio Show Overtime tonight  10pm on
State law requires defibrillators to be at every public school.
People no longer have to be trained to use  they are designed to be simple.
I think Paris is a very romantics place  I like there
HA!
I saw the list.
Just another reason this country is in awful shape and declining rapidly.
Good HEAVENS.
Thanks kindly
Not too obvious, just too terrible.
Haha.
will we see a scene together?!?!?!?
Nothing would be hotter
it's a good one to live by.
Take a look at Petrarch and thanks very much!
D
Rule number one: you do not pick up singles at the club if someone is making it rain.
My 17yrold raised 500 for at a gaming tourney advertised through social media.
Does that count?
: First time using the butterfly pullup during a WOD  total gamechanger!
Watch out Fran.
CrossFit get some!
happy birthday 33333 love ya!
Ugh...2moro i gotta do work...on math...i suck at it..but at least its easy :
Milk chocolate Seegars, root beer lollipops sweeten dad day.
WWW.sees.com
Keep your Weather Radios on tonight...
there's a good chance they'll be going off during the early am.
Technically 69th best in the country.
Goddamnit, I'd love to be 67th.
HonestyNight im watchin this bake pop commercial  really considering buying one
Just had one of those have a break down and get a pep talk from an audience that is only your friends thanku Baltimore, it's been awhile.
Where the hell is that Ferguson whn U need em ?
Sun beating this morning..
Want to reach Louisville Moms?
Send me a message, I can make it happen!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING!
:D
try doing some studying, then I bet you will get tired!
1ST round or Elite 8, you lose, you're out!
SUCK IT UNC!
HAHAHAHA
I love to see the hard work on Eng9 essays.
We are all writers!
Dammit, I'm coming, Mouth Wide open!!!
3
Going gocarting
If I leave the office before then I am definitely going to stop by.
20ThingsAboutMe 9.
The second impression means the most and thats when I figure a person out.
i hate bein :x
: good idea
haha I wanna see that shit
When I was in college, I took a Film Analysis class.
It was one of my favorite classes ever; loved every minute and got to see the Greats.
I love the man that can smile in trouble, that can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection.
Thomas Paine
falling asleep 
med school is silly.
Countrys FirstEver doctorg Queen Bar and Gaming Venue, doctornk  doctorg, to open at Neonopolis May 5!!
I am speechless!
Now where is my lipstick?
Who is everyone picking in the Ohio State/Penn State game this weekend?
It's said as of today, the minorities are now the majority.
I think we need to come together regardless to end the race issue.
The last novel I read was The Help, a year ago.
Before that, American Wife; before that, Oscar Wao.
Oscar Wao was preErin, forever ago.
wrong.
So very, very wrong.
Let us know the results.
Flavor?
My 3rd show in 6 months, always a hell of a show!
Closeup of the moon...coming right up.
Interesting to see registered Dems and Reps screaming to StopSOPA They dutifully elect the mouthpieces of lobbiests and then wonder why?
Beyond the Summit is only .99 on the kindle.
Can be read on your computer with free software.
Sounds tasty, but it's no pig head.
have fun in eireland: lots of singing and arguments are never settled with guns, just fists and molotov cocktails!
Need a last minute Valentine's Day gift?
We have gift cards available for purchase.
Love showing my rental listing at 3630 Durham Ln  there's always chickens and roosters crowing!
And we're in north clt peeps, not country!
Happy May Day.
Meaningful Trip  cool travel while giving a helpful hand.
Who's interested?
OMG OMG OMG I LOVE
thank you both!
Banana split martinis are the greatest.
Nuff said.
u live n newyork right
are the commercials for diabetes care club directed toward a demographic of geriatric sugar shoveling couch slugs?
Adele is AMAZING.
I admire that woman so freaking much.
seriously, i hate the clips.
Floppers, bullies, and they ugly.
Start to make gratitude a daily habit and say thank you every single day for all of the miracles that are already in your present.
I'll be home Friday night!
We should plan something for saturdaY night!
I assume Spike Lee stayed in his seat tonite?
Not much to cheer about if you're a Knicks fan...
Heat win by 22 in laugher at MSG.
On to CLE.
BINGO!
That is the correct answer!
just got to Chicago!
IPass and , time to get thru this city!
Woohoo another win for the bulls!
BusinessTrip RT : Doc Rivers said everyone, including Pierce, is expected to play tonight
Tickets don't go on sale until Friday though?
It was great!!
Completely packed...and enough funding for four of your kiddos in Iraq :
Lord shoot me now.
Forest is in the game smh

Thanks for the follow.
If you're looking to change your life like I was here is a free 50 gift  link
Thanks for including us in your tweet!
No school today :D Thank you Battle of flowers parade!
Looking for cinematographers,camera operators  folks interested in shooting a movie.
Email
I never thought people would be moving to Florida to get away from the heat.
well u see i was suppose 2 see the lorax today bt it started at 1:20 so meanwhile i watched most of mirror mirror  some HG
You bring us the world !
This is the least we can do.
We love and look forward to your events!
Peace and Love!
: aw....you melt me......hope your sitch is improving....my best to u and yours 3
Gmail goes down the same day Facebook announce their new messaging system!
oh gone head with ya bad self!
You're welcome
why did you delete the salvador lens etc and then make us pay again to get them back in a new pack?
I'm not pleased at all.
Life has gone to the dogs
Gotta love the Restaurant Report Card courtesy of !
Constant inventiveness is America's only hope and means to sustain our competitive advantage in the marketplace!
Hmm..
Maybe I'll check them out.
Right now, I think Banana Republic might be at the top of my toshop list.
gotta fight em all, I suppose .
.
.
STOP BLOWING YOUR NOSE SIR
What would you have done differently?
A: I would have used Helvetica.
you've seen Avengers already?
I'm in your car Billy Ocean.
Now what?
didn't do anything I was supposed too but I guess it was an alright weekend
omg u and Nat look amazing together!!
i cant go ?puppy eyes
They look so cute :
Having an ice cream treat with my girls at BR.
Celebrating end of sba testing!
I love you best friend!!!!
Absolutely!
Glad to see you guys out on the scene.
Sending Good Vibes for the upcoming album release!
Peace.
BK
Ohh my goodness !
If you followed us back, I would absolutely freak out!!!: Megan
Somebody itch my back.
Money does talk.
Just want to best represent the brand  optimize the format to tell our stories
Looking for a proofreader or an editor?
Follow so she can help you get ready to be published.
miss all of u how was the first day back
RT RT if you're in bed
I want waffles :
Kinda cool seeing Serena Williams in person lol
thanks homie.
I'm doing the carb backloading thing and Ive gotten stronger and leaning up, so its working....
what does it mean when it says includes actual clothing justin wore for his album photo shoot ?
like legit ?
his underwear or somethin ?
Who do you miss?
You are what you think.
You are what you go for.
You are what you do.
Bob Richards
The fight for equality presses on  I have several pieces of legislation aimed at improving public education in Baltimore.
good luck doe bro put on for green run
Just got finish workin out, on top of that helpin my uncle do some yard work
Anyone who watches soccer should tell me his this afternoons game went
Lmao, this guy honestly loves me.
how nice.
Wow!!
Does the morning get any better in the Chi!!!
ten more minutes til i can go into the loyola dance.
yaaaaay
: Who has to work in the morning??
NotMe are you talking to
Iwould kill for my amily no matter how much we fight, argue and say stuff we dntt mean...3:
Thanks for following
Where in Baltimore are you?
If you're in Charles St/Mt.
Vernon area, I think you'd enjoy  Good Belgian beer
Ik!
That's cuz I'm stupid!!!
Time to get a Kindle!
Or go to Internet Archive or Google Books or Online Books  find many free online.
T
Sounds like you and I need to have a dutch bros.
and killing spree day soon.
Beauty is the sole ambition, the exclusive goal of Taste
Norwood case goes beyond hazing according to Denver DA's office.
Commitment lends structure  sustenance to our doctorams.
forever wishing i could work at Sugarscape.
omg it would be perf.
No school!
Working on music today.
My bros r watching stupid shows and stupid everything just like them they r so stupid
aw!!!!!
What a sweetie pie!!!
Mucho boy points for him!!!
Thank you these links are helpful!
Google was not pulling these up.
Do Miami play tonight??
the DCFlacks meetup group has a message board; feel free to post!
When I was younger I bought ppl CD's  wished I could work with them...now I'm grown  they are calling me to work with them!
Did I hear jive and inxpo are collaborating?
Total prelim.
turnout in the wirecall primary for governor today was 1,316,736, a 54 increase over 2010 primary.
30.3 of eligible voters.
just brought vitamin c  tea home for me cuz im sick.
you have to put the underscore.
alikrainey
Snow white.:
I'm mad cause I can't hug my mom on her 62nd birthday!
A huge birthday shoutout to April of !!
Hope you have a wonderful, relaxing day!!
The mall is bonkers currently!
: Did I ever tell you guys I have the largest collection of pirate movies in Charlottesvile?
...
But I have nothing against fat people tho.
: I just wouldnt choose to eat that 3rd plate.
But shit..
If u hungry..
EAT HOE
oh I know!!
They're just so adorable!!!
City c:
Miss my Robalob and KMan.
Next Thursday can't come fast enough.
I never stopped believing!
haha I am so excited though I don't think I could have watched a brewers game without
Too many ideas, no time to do anything about them.
Aargh.
I need to change my handle, since I'm closing down the www.
thanks!
It's rainy in Miami.
Boo.
:
Unimpeachable sentiment, Jacquelyn
ChildhoodGames doctorssing up like a ghost and pelting your little brother with waffles!
Sweet, sweet innocence...
: Awh lord this girl just cranked a Grand Slam !.
That will never happen to you!!
Lol
WOOP WOOP.HOME ALONE!
Expectation:PARTAYYYY!!
Reality:Peeing with the door open...
Chapter 2012 Page 134 of 366 I love Social Media, but it can't replace good ole facetoface interactions.
Doc and the top we shall go!
Sunday doctorve with Miles Davis on the stereo.
I have the same problem bro,ill be like you want somethey Luk away  White People Always Stare At Me When I Eat.
It's Not Cute.
kind of, I stay further south
APD investigating shooting on the 300 block of Wisconsin in Ne ABQ.
More details soon.
And to us!!
Let's celebrate!
RT : Happy FIVE Year Anniversary to Roy's Waikiki!!!!
You'll say You Love Me And I'll End Up Lying And Say I Love You Too
LET ME GET A RT BY ALL THE BRUINS FANS THAT WANNA SEE A SWEEP TONIGHT!
Beautiful picture.
ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo are believe everything they read in newspapers on the internet or hear on the radio or television....
Look for a Royal visit to St Augustine in staug 2015.
Or we could just keep you in the gangster booth to keep us company!
; 
RT : for the love of god fastandfurious was not botched
Get ready for tomorrow night's ColtsDocsVIP Twitter contest.
2 winners win VIP seats to watch 1st round.
I'm at school now.
yep...
found at some pet stores.
We give2 our dog on her bday...
she loves it.
Safe for them to eat.
You're like my favorite song On the radio, radio, radio, radio I could listen to you all day You're like a music video, video vivivideo
Top players from last year who will miss the list this year: Gates Wayne Charles Mathis Bowe Mangold Ryan Colston
saw someone pay their gas with an old navy card?
I haven't read any of these and I'm remembering why you are always so helpful when one doesn't know what to read.
ASECS12 Now Juan Christian Pellicer, considering Anne's patronage of poets in particular.
hey girl howw are you and how is the prgnancy goin
Of course!
Thrilled that  the men of are doing it RT : thanks for supporting
Random tweet for anyone interested, the new extras on the Grindhouse bluray are great.
If you...are thinking...of not getting it...DON'T!
that's cool that they are but it's more than that a good story goes farther than the attributes of one or more characters.
BounceThatAss For This Last Reese's Cup
I always just miss AskThedoctorgon Question sessions Fux
everybody just wanna play the wii, play the wii, play the wii...
// hoping is doing well :
Broncos should make a claim.
What say you ?
RT : Roster move,waived WR Blair White
ha!
Say something, I dare you!
Anyone own a Kona?
Looking at a Zing Deluxe but wanted some feedback.
DEBBIE DOES DALLAS
Awww you guys have a very goodlooking family.
Thanks for the follow  we look forward to your tweets!
Cute ad but why is the government spending 3 million on the census?
justin what time do you get up in the morning
I was raised in Haiti and my mom was born there, and seeing the outporing of support is so moving to me.
THANK YOU on behalf of everyone.
and that is why I love twitter!!
let me know if you ever need someone to talk to, i'm always here :
ThingsPeopleHaveToStopDoing is invading my person space when I am in a line for something
Modern slavery: buy an education and a car to get to work, then go to work to pay for the education and car.
Brasil makes better jets than Canada.
In always more comfortable on Embraer Jets than CRJs.
Happy to help!
I always get confused wondering if I accidentally started following someone.
They believe the ubiquity and security of the platform will hold up, even as more service providers eat in to SMS with Data options.
yep a hangover by 3pm sounds about right
Had a great first day training for the KB half marathon 
Ok.ok..ok.
what class ?
RT Louisiana House Ed committee begins debate on antibullying bill.
Awesome day!
god damn it : I've been texting you like crazy, haha .
And I thought you needed to know.
haha
complete killer.
Great to meet you too!
catch up soon?
motown is the perfect mid day pickup
Stepping into a Starbucks audition
next time you are here, we should have a gin taste test.
I love that song....
The chance to get to be known to you and lots of other people is something for me to dance for..!
nailed it.
AEGreenClean thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Imperial Stout: A high alcohol stout brewed by the Brits to impress the Russian Czar.
Inspired today's Double IPAs brews.
Thanks to all of my long time and new followers!
Trying my best to respond and follow every1 back looks like theres follow limit though!
Pitti: EAD often records intellectual/conceptual links between individuals ex.
20th C.
collector of Dante's works
Then I went away and wrote the short story Myndset, then came back to the main book.
aright, aright, aright!
Lol.
am I still eligible if I last played HS football in 1986?
Does it?
Maybe more accurate for surveyors?
RT : RT : While some employers ban socialnetworks, here at Kforce, we see the benefits of them!...
Do you think the soldiersuspect is even in Afghanistan at this point?
Looking at Taj Gibson's stats he should at least be in the running for sixth man of the year.
Making sex noises while I eat this cake.
Can't help it.
seriously?!
where?:D
Flyers, Phillies, Sixers all win!
It's a Philadelphia night!
benefits: provide meaningful stats to admin; can see high and low use areas; can tell if users benefit; can do URL maint.
can't wait to celebrate the launch of with u tomorrow!!
So exciting!
i go off bye
so much better!
I felt like I suffered through SBS this went by so fast because it was so amazing!
letsmove Kids complaining about the heat?
Why not turn on the sprinklers and let them get some fun exercise?
Fun for the
are winning all damn day erryday!
never get tired of that show
Watching Major League Favorite line if the movie hey bartender looks like JoBu needs a refill
You go home smelling like pork, so you get a double seat on the train all to yourself.
It's Good Friday just a reminder the banksare closed today.
this sat 11:45pm hosted by funny girl latice..
seymour saturdays ny comedy club 241e24thst.
mention twiter for discount 2126965233
: Chemical magic shows and crystallization of masculine control over audiences.
Going to try!
We are excited too!
RT : Should we give out choc or sour patch kids to the kids this year?
We all got our angels and our demons...
My middle school self can't help but snicker every time I see the book that sits in our office bathroom.
Title?
Streams in the Desert.
What i wouldnt give to hear your voice...
The answer translated to I'm a virgin, I swear by my childoctorn.
Can't imagine that happening on the US version.
yes, primarily in MKE, will follow so we can connect!
AWESOME...
I just had a client cancel tomorrow so I may get some tailgating in.
Go lobos 04 or 228 for
No access to TV right now.
MLB needs to get video of the second Braun HR up soon.
Heard it's a bomb.
Who wants to bring me a pack of cigs to my work?
Might go postal without em
Tomorrow will be my first full day since my surgery 
This is it!!
Today is QBM11 day!
4 to 9pm.
concert 9pm.
Tomorrow 9am to 4pm.
Del Mar Hilton.
thequeenbeemarket.com
It's Frangelism month  New Life International Family Church 5349 Snapfinger Woods doctor Decatur, Ga Bishop J.C.
Williams
Time for a run!
Oh, and super good to see again!
Tip 2: You have agreed on the time so don't arrive late.
Being late sends a negative message.
christmas eve dinner..finally
No worries.
I really enjoyed the talk and learned about a new apps.
RT : Chris Greene Quartet has a show coming up on 08/28/2009 at 05:00 PM  Andy's J...
in Chicago, IL
omg is following me!!!!
Jz woke up on a fine Saturday day....gonna chill w and then tonight for
check out bossing it with evan wrekn ,switch ill featuring me
Angry Gran is addicting
:::Attention::::attention:::ATTENTION:::Party  NOTTE w/ ,,  YOU CollegeAPPRECIATION 
Okay another mall trip tonight..to get my ring back from Ed sphinx.
Now it will fit my ring finger.
thank youthat would be awesome!
thanks for sharing me with your peeps :
I say own to much :
Hm I wonder whats wrong with twitter tonight?
It's not loading very well if at all...
Come outside now please
I get around but I can't forget about it n tell that other lame dats enough to get his brains blown out.
I'm not thick,don't have makeup caked on my face,im not naked in public/in pics,nor do i have a head full of tracksi can still pull niggas!
Tweeps  I'll be in DC tomorrow through Tuesday.
Hit me up.
Spotify is my best friend.
You can get books and many other products from Amazon
I mean, I guess I feel like if you want to live in a theocracy, there are plenty around the world for you to choose from.
Now I am fully fucking forever alone.
I hope Dwight Howard is watching Bynum film.
Bynum takes games off, no doubt.
But he has 1,000x the offensive game than D has.
PRACTICE!?!?!
I hate topamax...
Another 9 pounds lost and no freaking appetite yet I have eaten nothing all day.
Doctor appointment here I come.
J Hudson did a good job with the Whitney tribute!
holla at me need help cuz
School sucks!
YOU KNOW IT, THATS ALL I SPIT NIGGA.
I just saw Haidy!!!!
He's so tall!!!
Gonna b  memorial 911 in Las Vegas .
Cu there.
Bill
Cullerton welcomes Gov.
Walker with sarcasm
See each of these apps as department stores when selecting what platform works for you 
Just stopped  Panera :!
2 more hours on the bus until Vermont and Game Time!
Hit us we hit u back End of story 98 of the time.
2 of them led 2 people who don't no shit change the way its playd 4 130 yrs
Need a rally inning!!!!
Miss G so funny.
Gave her 4 melon ball sized scoops of chocolate coconut ice cream, It's a BIG TREAT MIA!
do u still have the same number?
planning a sweet 16 bash HOPESPIN style!
performing  EVERYTHING!
also getting ready for the official DANCE WITH ME video!
get stoked!
DM me so we we can talk
Those were Hannah's exact words on Skype today xD
Work like you don't need the money.
Love like you've never been hurt.
Dance like nobody's watching.
Satchel Paige
i'm not a huge fan of christmas commercials, but it is fun to watch them rollout new ones.
esp lovin' the new kia ones with my boy Blake
Superficiality: Literal and phenomenal is title of Michael Rock's presentation.
Boss lady took me out for lunch today.
Woop!
sure thing!
Please tell anyone else out there so no one leaves :
good b/c there hasn't been much prettiness from the orange and black
Two of bigger question marks heading into SFGiants season are coming up: Aubrey Huff.
Brandon Belt.
Let's see how it goes.
WE NEEDED A LEADER
If you enter the Emmys and create a composite, put the absolute best story you have 1st.
Trust me.
Nothing like a good ol Redbull for breakfast lol
For anyone who needs a history lesson
Forever on some fly shit .
Amazing ingnorance of Americans on almost everything economic  political  how Fed'l Gov't works.
Make yr way to Maker Date  starts now !
sounds good
Almost time for another installment of delicious Q
Which one did you go with?
Subway has salads ya know : RT : Gotta have subway or a salad today...
I actually fell asleep at 6 PM...!
Oh my goodness!
Just read the first 6 pages of JL to Libby  she was completely enthralled!
Now she's wishing on a star!
Wow!
So exciting!
Praying for her and for your family
And the Fountainhead event raffle winner is...
Lisa GannPerkal.
Mazal tov!
shitsoftballplayerssay eat it!
I wish I could stop time  just sleep for as long as my body lets me.
then wake up  continue my day.
Clayton.
You never call me, so I don't wanna hear it.
:
In the right light, at the right time, everything is extraordinary
Too bad E!'s coverage for LatAm is dubbed, it's a lot better than ABC's...
although these taking books are fantastic, they've got some puzzling things.
like saying a guy's job was Penobscot
thats love for ya.!!
2011.09.28 Brewers 7 Pirates 3  Game one sixtytwo / supreme regular season / play next one at home.
Than I wipe all the sweat off me face..
You're beeping like fools bc your semester is over.
I'm sitting in my car waiting for exam to start at 1.
Goodbye...........
Develop success from failures.
Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.
Dale Carnegie
Anyone need an Everton supporter for their twitter92?
Look no further than this goofy American who loves his 7th place Toffees!
Is it seriously that hard to put a decent outfit together ?!
When I'm with to you, I smile.
Everything around us disappears and it's all about us.
Only me and you, no one else.
3
Just had the chance to meet in person, what a nice guy!
Thanks for stopping in!
Mean Girls movie night :
is here all morning  this afternoon celebrating launch of tours
Have fun!
my heart is ready for you to come home, but my liver sure as hell isn't
I have no comment
I have picked myself up from the rubble of a life thats been hurt, and I begin again to try to share what I have seen.
How I want you to kno
My parents wont let me do anything for my birthday for the 3rd year in a row.
Good night
go to bed :P
A true man passed away today rip DickClark, my thoughts and prayers go out to the family
RT Did someone say free iPad?
We did!
And you can win one by following and RTing this
End of the 4th.
Rockies on top 41.
Top of the lineup coming up for the Dodgers.
haha I know right!
I'm actually loving the weather the sky looks beautiful :
I hope you are cheering on the RANGERS!!!!!!
lol I like that :
true that!
probably hurts more then helps
try the boxer wit mark walberg
STOP REWARDING YOURSELF WITH FOOD..
YOU ARE NOT A DOG
Holy crap!
Who is enjoying this day right now?in two weeks..
Goodbye sunlight hello studio mood lighting!
bring fios to Milwaukee, WI....please.....
Love my OKC Thunder
I'm afraid to eat glutenfree foods because I might lose my natural immunity to gluten.
Oh T.Mills is gonna be in Indiana tonight.
Why didnt i know about this?
well i guess ill just watch the heat game.:
I think we're in 187.
Probably going home right after.
It's a school night ; P Will u be at UVillage Thursday?
im going to check right now
So what do you think of Rotton Wisdom?
Have a great nap!
:
Very cool!
Enjoy your time with her!
get it alan lol
Accountants can help the owner create a system so that revenues and expenses can be tracked.
Those containers are in a supply closet that the students don't access.
The ones that are out are always a mess.
sunday night
Thanks for the RT Jim.
Argh, I owe Jenny a phone call.
I'm working on articles and blogs for homeschoolers and how to help their childoctorn develop the traits successful people have in common.
This is what I mean, Rondo is such a great facilitator...why can't he get his team an easy bucket?
LOL HOW IS IT
Come to think of it, you're even too ugly to be a Smurf!
please follow me andoctorw 3
Gym, Cardio, Homework, Research Paper, Bills, COD3, Sleep.
Yay I'm a freakin ball of excitement aren't I??
So Helen keller walks into a wall
BREAKING: Washington will continue to do nothing for another night.
DBQ seems reasonablely challenging, choice essays are softballs
I know it will be a great talk.
RT : About to speak at San Jose SMX Maximizing Paid Search Ad Extensions in Grand Salon 3.
.99c Mozzarella stix  Sonic Baltimore store today onlyMention deal when ordering
Thanks for the RT!
Create a beautiful Friday!
RecoveryWarriors!
How do we go about getting those underwear Christina is wearing?
Gotta get me some  Dustin
Ditto!
You've got some great advice.
:
I loved reading ur tweets today!
Entertaining!
Go Pack Go!!
It is necessary from the very nature of things that power should be a check to power.
should join for our pilot launch!
We love social media friendly bars.
Free advertising and marketing for you.
DM for info!
I love you guys soo much.
one of you sangto me onstage it was awsome.
your so amazing is their a way to book u for events
Love wishes to perpetuate itself.
Love wishes for immortality.
Mortimer Adler
Great day!
Learning and grinding is our kind of multitasking..
Watch out World!!!
Performing Artists have you apply yet?
Scholarship funds generated from last year's GHAPFM talent show.
What are 3 things you are grateful for.
Focus on that...
You are not missing anything.
Free Lunch Today at the wesley!
Free Lasaugna and fixings...
121:30 be there.
Everything should be working fine.
What search query are you using?
I'll look into it and see what's going on.
Thanks!
You always have the best finds!
3 following you!!
And I just signed up for !!
Thanks for the suggestion!
TIME TO NJOY THE HEAT ,,,,EASY WORLD HIT ME IF U TRYIN TO WORK ...GOT WORK ...PROMOTING ...ANY EVENT ...OR NEED LIFE TO YA EVENT
tell a guy who named austin mahone to follow my twitter..
Okay?
Thx xx
I'm so glad Obama supports John Travolta marrying those masseurs!
lets meet up!!
Working on a bio project hoping to get it done tonight....its due in 2 weeks haha, also watching that70sshow haha
islands, man.
Islands.
Guys, sucks :
Disappointed yet again
Hey it worked!
Accio belt?
A group for EVERYTHING relationship and dating related  JUST FOR WOMEN to get advice, guidance, support, etc.
www.kissandim.com
Hey, Laura Lippman said I should know you!
Nice to meet you!
You can't save the world, baby.
No it's more like she's a killer and I'm a lazy poker player who hates to run!
Hey at least it's not the other way around, right?
rip ryan dunn
Don39;t Miss the Good Stuff  Rachelle Gardner
I've never been married, but I tell people I'm divorced so they won't think something's wrong with me
To make you mine...
thank you for the retweet!
greatly appreciated!
:
YES PLZZZ.
Preferably one were 15 and older can work out would be great.
I did
Just had a great chat with Bridget Cleary she is awesome!!
We are officially on ITUNES!
Check us outDownload us!
My doctoram is to have follow me back.
I truly do love him, but SHE'S in my way :
One brief recollection of the people in my life that have come and gone.
One brief fleeting moment of people I've loved that I have wronged
Now, I'd like to know more about blendchat.
Is it like geniushour?
Happiness is the best face lift
m isn't it great?!
it was one of the first restaurants I tried when I moved here and I have loved it ever since!
Just visited the cemetary in Queens, NY where my wife's Italtian immigrant ancestor is buried.
Very neat experience.
oscars RT : Bradley Cooper's mustache is going to haunt my doctorams.
Follow and they are best friends and they are really funny 2!!!;
July.
Maybe you can be my travel companion!!!
Going to rule the world....I mean go cannoeing....be back in a week
Dinner is done!
There was a point in my life that I owned a No Fear tshirt.
Miraculously, I wasnt doing meth.
No new TV tonight, but, um, taxes.
It is still January, right?
:
tootsies is ur second home...
oh wait got that wrong 4th home...
oh lord ur everywhere ugh I give up lol
I just need a hug today.
:
has anyone told you what a perfect fit you would be in a phillies uniform
Thats because the male population in this Country doesnt want to pass the Equal Rights Amendment so women get equal pay
welcome baby
Sometimes a woman needs you to show her that she means more than anything in the world or u could lose her forever
Enjoy carolers in crisp air while strolling thru SAT.
MARKET on Harney St.
til 4pm todayhandmade items by local artisans!
We got our differences, but when I lay down at night you're the only thing on my mind : J 
It's almost Turkey Day at the barebonesfilmfestival.
The newest comedy by Austin based and
u rap right?
Ima have to get u on somethin
checking in on you, saw the weather in your area.
Stay safe!
Xoxox
: So last night was fun.....
Im so flipping exhausted....
me to, finally I am home and alone I is so tired and in pain
Guessing: Read between the lines?
Happy weekend!
Let us know if you find opportunities to support a child or family this weekend.
Strong, supported families  prevention.
Oh, so I get a flat tire and my spare is the size of a frisbee?
Sure ...
Way to think Safety first smh
next time!
you need to include the DB Bistro burger from that is stuffed with short ribs and foie GRAS.
It's insane!
there's a song in there, somewhere...
I guess not : RT : is that an invitation?
I would think we all feel that way until provided other info, unless we're ESPN!
Seriously, Davis looked more comfortable in his two innings today than Abad has looked into his entire career.
back from tap class
I wont say ur real name on here on my tl or your college 
they were out before the season even started
If report on Ray Lewis is true, Ravens could very easily be 65 this time next week.
Even with him playing, that is possible.
It's all fun and games until someone loses a mayorship.
New background.
Check it out, kids.
It's pretty awesome.
any chance fb deals coming back?
I think there is an incredible way to turn the groupon model on its head
I would love to have a new and better dman in Buffalo
.
at least Bloomberg is being slightly more understanding than Mayor Richards at this point
Fact 1: Shonda Rimes is genius !
plus Fact 2: is one of the best actresses in the business Fact 3: equals
I'm hopin to release it in June but I dunno yet.
What do u think?
yeah ..
you could be fuckin bitches  gettin money ..but twitter works too lol
Arroz con leche after cheescakes is my favorite Mexican desserts ;
I have Google invites if you're into that sorta thing.
Follow me on Twitter and then send PM with your email for an invite.
It's going to be the longest day ever.
Absolutely no patients on the schedule..
Why did I get out of bed for this?!
Twins new TargetField feature: once a game someone's walkup music gets Rick Rolled.
Whadya think?
And the answer that and I decided on to question 212 of the form is mauve
March, April, May??
You let me know.
Wanna get wasted first?
My neighbors are smoking so my room hella smell!
Tonight on GreatPerformances, Phantom of the Opera at Royal Albert Hall celebrates the 25 anniversary of Weber's smash hit.
On Ch.
10 at 7.
Haha, good call.
The worst way to pat yourself on the back is to call yourself a guru on or in your bio.
Money don't make me I make the Money
Honest question: is there a reason web designers don't indent longform text?
Why always the paragraph spacing?
Awww, that's cute.
Have your bestfriend tweet about me.
feelin'loved
I can't find my fav pair of jeans!!
D;
what up peeps??
...like the Kobe ring for Vanessa...do the 49ers go out and get one for Alex Smith?
my day is made!
:
lol and that's why i love my girl lol ;
my phone is fucked up so i haven't been tweeting :c
Who walks around half naked in Target, me and bestfriend do.
Im not sure what makes pepperoni so good  if its the pepper or the oni.
Ulrik Stephens
can you type not in japanese?
Well, I was only 11!
Couple years later Dad went with me to Kiss/Judas Priest.
The harder I work, the luckier I get  Samuel Goldwyn
Thx  I needed a respite : Unfortunately I'll miss the show  I'm heading to Panama on Thurs.
Looking for affordable venues for upcoming MHC DC events.
If you can help please let us know.
Thanks!
Same here!!!
Fuhreaky, but i liked it!
What did Katniss do when she got her period?
Pouring out and the sun in shining  newyorkcity you saucy fox.
Freedom can sometimes kill.
richest match in the world and all that?
Still wish I played softball
Ugh in the middle of an awesome volleyball game and my knee decides to give out.
What I get for walking around bos in heels all wkend
Listening to Nancy Pearl talk about 24 Books that Make Great Gifts, including On Canaan's Side
Just left city dump records he's the best, did a track with ms amber fox
thnx for the add how did u hear about us?
we love our iPhones on Sprint.
Coverage is great to good, personal hotspot is good.
Unlimited data and great service
CalipariSecrets was once caught by Prince in a hotel lobby masturbating to a copy of Street  Smiths
U2  The Joshua Tree Tour
or freakin starving and stampedes of them!
Just sayin.
Hi Austin :
At ERDI Canada conference  great session today on Mental Health in the classroom.
your bf tweets in class but won't text you back is pretty terrible as well youhateme
Cleveland is a horrible city and team.
best band ever!!!
If anyone mentions burrowing rodents tomorrow I swear....
people acting like it's a real holiday or something...
Haha!
Glad to know I'm not the only one considering it / congrats on Northwestern btw
So I Went To Hang Out With My Stupid Friend Carlos And Hes Stupid Friends Left Him Hanging Never Again Will I ever Hang Out Again
We are at the Belmont Street Fair today in PDX, make sure to come by and say hello!
Be nice to people
whats the spot in vegas to club??
me and the homies going out there in july from houston  we dont do sushi!
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
Wherever i go my dog goes 3
wow that's so sharp..
are you missing Tyson Chandler, yes trying to get D.
Howard messed our championship team..
RT: Oh u and ur boyfriend of three weeks were so in love that u had sex and then he dumped you?
Please tweet about it some more
I never knew it would be this hard to lose something that I never had.
Cheers!
RT Anyone else find it strange how quickly not sure if I want a beer turns into oh.
it's already empty Right ?
1st Sunday  I still want to be a Christian!
communion  Good night loves!
uh oh!
Careful...
Ya wouldn't want anyone getting any ideas...
Cough cough
is here offering an impromptu buy 3 get 1 on all LFD products in stock so stop in if your in the neighborhood
This has been a public service announcement with Efty.
Must have been some sale!
the rap genre has been reinvented for the better.
Everyone and everything's gay.
The Brazilian Festival is the place to be right now.
42nd52nd on 6th Ave.
25th Year Anniversary.
All I want to do is go see Harry Potter, but I guess I'll settle for presenting a poster at a mock research session.
maybe he wears them for migraines...
It's a comedy show here at the qa these boys are on a roll.
Iron your capes, heroes.
my att contract ends 10292011...
you can bet i'll be thinking of switching.
moving in new room with
Grandpa used to say, No one lives forever.
But so far, so good.
Hey I'm gonna send you some pics from friday
Magic Johnson to be a partowner of the LA Dodgers..Interesting to see Magic dip his pen in professorssional baseball..
I need a new dentist..this guy is getting on my fucking nerves.
Nothing I love more than free PR tips  would love to learn more!
Love, Mercy, and Grace, sisters all, attend your wounds of silence and hope.
Aberjhani
Excited to watch the race in Dega today!
How about exporting the Keynote to a .mov file?
r u ganna upped it tonight
if you get a larger size , lets say a coat , do the pockets get bigger to ?
:O lmfao
no, we are doing lucky 13!
you might think im young but, i am a huge fan of you.
i love you so much and it would mean the WORLD if you followed me!!please
Staying in Cleaning my room!
To Do: find lovely people to justify my justifying.
CHECK!
you should see a physician.
you Fuckin  Suckin everyone u work with, ButYouAintAHoe ...
Bitch go get hit by a truck
I finished the video for your channel ;D
It is more difficult to unlearn a thing than it is to learn a thing.
eating pistachios and watching harry potter..
Boss!
I need to deterministically position myself in an ideal situation.
...sometimes in her presence, even though I know she would never harm me.
This is something that Katz cannot comprehend....
Same here.
For real.
RT : i really can't wait for recordstoreday this year.
just thought i'd tell you.
Want to take our workshop Real Law: Protecting Your Brand in Cyberspace for free?
Email for deets.
At this point, Kyle Seager might as well be the one to tell Chone Figgins he's not going to be playing much anymore.
Mary Frances Berry accepts her award .
Nice weather today!
We're already packed!
Wow
luv that word
how do you speak my language so fluently???
love my Keurig it is the best ever
Just compared a book to a tigereating gorilla and the hellspawn of a giant, nuclear whale.
Must be the factsheet for
Happy Hump Day to my Favorite QB.
Enjoy
I feel much better btw :
y then who is going to take us niko said no too :
You're a Hobbit fan?
Do you read Runelords?
They're filiming that a picture too.
Vote for actors
UNIQUE  reads calendar date/loc  professorle  autosearches travel  itinerary  map  alerts  doctorg/doctorp changes!
oh lord no lord ay dios mio...
Hahah been like that since prek son !
my pleasure.
Great: RT : All technology is educational.
The question is  what are we teaching?
Levar Burton at mamabear conference
The hacker tweets always the same nasty rumors bad things etc.
if it happens to you change your password
Heard Adam Kolker, Scott Wendholt, Ed Howard and Victor Lewis yesterday night at Smalls ...
and I am going back tonight!
i hope i can help you to accomplish your goals, please free to reach me any time
iMessaging with while we are both on our flights.
He's using this tech to let me know he's filling up on pretzels and free wine.
It was great.
So many events, so little time...
Morning students, good luck on your final exams tomorrow!
Shout out to and they have a big meeting today!
no seriously: i just felldown twice while listening to
SCREAMING TUNA SIGNATURE ROLL: Shrimp Tempura, Spicy King Crab, Kani Kama, Roasted Garlic, hint of Wasabi, topped w/ Seared Tuna  Avocado!
I wish I was a punk rocker with flowers in my hair.
Comedy?
performs as The Navy Appeals and Alpha Squid tonight, 8:00 at Tech Love 3901 Central Ave.
NE Albuquerque, NM 87108, only 5!
Ahh I haavent been on a lot :c tweet me .
RT  I wonder how my life would be if I stayed in Jacksonville...
S/o to the Jacksonville followers doe !
Are the ja...
Good luck with that!
I will be somewhere south of Center City be then :
So, how YOU doin'?
That's realistic.
And likely.
And not at all crappy.
Follow me?
Please.
It would make my day.
:/
yeah I see that!
That moment when YouTube unsubs me from Why YouTube?
D:
lol I did not see this haha....Party in my bathroom lol
we had a pretty awesome TLC Mtg everyone seemed to be up
I like the sound of that.
Hmm
shoe gazers of the world unite and take over!
OH MY GOSH GUESS WHAT THERE IS EXACTLY ONE MONTH UNTIL MY BIRTHDAY OMFG.
:D
The trade market for Pujols just went thru the roof.
RT : The RedSox and Yankees are both 02 for the first time since 1980
ohh u wingendersss always being weird.
Everyone is familiar with the concept of reducing the size of their carbon footprint.
Doing so can produce positive benefits for all.
chillaxingggg : also wondering where i can find some really awesome new music at..
if anyone has an idea let me know :
: Great chat by on sports psychology.
Just having a break with the  Thanks Pete!
LE
This song is so corny
Ruth Bader Ginsburg sworn in today in 1993 as 2nd woman to ever serve on Supreme Court, at 60 yrs old.
Born in Bkyn,
I'm pretty sure the only thing Bryce Harper can't do at this point is buy alcohol.
Btwn the political landscape, cultural polarization, musical regression, etc., I've realized something: I miss Chappelle's Show
Data diversity will probably increase due to inherent innovation forces: Wittenburg
Having a talking charachter on your website to reinforce your brand is less expensive than you may...
.
No problem!
Lets get it.
what happen.
Wanna talk about it.
Dm me
tweet, I thought u where suppose to post more on there.
what is 2p2?
I'm shooting a video!
Gonna go viral and make me a millionaire.
Lots going on at the booth today  If you're around, pop over, we've got Vibram, StickyIcky  more.
what up nigga?
No doubt my inner housewife.
lmao omg.
Doo it!
That'd be hilarious.
Great times at Tribal Connections this last weekend!
So much pussy ..damn i dont need dinner
Sounds great!
RT  looking for YOGA studios across the country to carry our spirit  products !
I stayed there last weekend and fell in love too.
The cookies and complimentary wine hour didn't hurt.
You only live once ; Take the risk you would have never thought you'd take 3
Did you guys know St.
Patrick wasn't even Irish?
oh yes, we will!
cc:
Girls with braces is my biggest turn on  idk why!!!
Already bored in class?
Get your to catch up on the news and do a few sudokus...on the stands NOW!
Down to get it in
Couple of amazing days  one with a hill tribe which was unforgettable, and today seeing some of the culture in Thailand.
Excited to share!
ARE YOU GOING TO WALK ALEXI CASILLA WITH THE BASES LOADED?
I rescind my previous statement RE: Gorillaz Plastic Beach.
I'd like to nominate Superfast Jellyfish as the official Summer 2010 anthem.
: nods head 20/30 partners...powerful 's!
Today in they doctorpped 30 summer associates Interesting/TryingTimes
Congrats on what looked like a GLORIOUS stadium opener for the foreverorange guys on Saturday.
Can't wait to hear about it.
checking with some regional colleagues about DellStreak availability in Turkey.
Will come back on Monday with an answer.
I say, thank goodness for facebook blocking the defriender app.
Can't we have ANY privacy?
I don't need to know when I've been rejected.
headdesk.
What an awesome hash tag.
Will be using more!
Depends  public or private, large or small?
let's hope for a solid performance today, let's go Giants!
Good day Sun is shining an Lakers are playing : think I'll wear my 24 jersey today
omg Justin changed his icon!
:
Sitting next to Robert Plant in a coffee shop while trying to book Venues.
Happy early Sunday morning
heyy can u please tell people to follow me i just made a new twitter and need followerss :
my dad is going home at 5:30
: Anyone need any extra mojo for Monday?
Here is a super mojo HUG 4 you!
RT to pass it on...
smgirlfriends
Go Vinny: MT : DeMarco talking health care progress and MD's leadership to prevent tobacco usage through tax increases.
RIP Carroll Shelby
Google Revamps News Page: Google on Wednesday started rolling out a redesigned Google News page
Ottaboy
RT : My cousin on fb gloating about some chick, im 99 sure its not his wife.
sigh smh
we sure are!
rt is following me...
true bachelor bachelorette bachelorpad fan.
Thank you, Ansa!
Hope to see you soon.
: our border has more holes than Obama has excuses, how do you help secure the border?
cnndebate
looks like a great way to star off my bday week
did you listen?
did you like??!?!
and that's why it's important to never burn a bridge.
I see some Shit never changes lol.....got any free time this weekend ?
Wanna get a beer??
nigga , if you got a LOYAL ass , FAITHFUL ass girl that holds you down  deals with your bullshit , quit fucking up !
grow up .
yo u is a fag lmfao
are they little people?
So i cant go to practice because we are supposedly under a tornado watch and a flood watch...
9 times outta 10 both wont even happen..
WTF!!
Not surprised amywinehouse died, I accidentally bought her album and it sucked
Really beginning to see who really have a fuck.
This is nice though...
Good to know the truth rather than befriend you bitches.
YOO IT'S SMASH TIME BRRRRBBBB
LBJ is 27 w/ 0 titles  never seems to have had fire MT : Not saying Kobe's lost that fire but he's 33 w/ 5 titles already
It amazes me still that people just don't listen to the instructions from airport personnel.
ah yes!
See you later!
Ummhmm.
So you say.
Kidding we need to catch up.
Miss you.
perfect spots when getting dirty someone can admire the artistic view ha ha sorry
Our database server is still down and we're still working on restoring it.
We're still working on it and we hope to fix it by days end.
My life.
Lmfao that's funny
No, gettin back cold already!!!!
Happy Halloween!!!
:
Thanks!
Now I can sleep ;
Just 25 more days to go and finally I will be moving to florida:
Decriminalizing the humanity of the offender, the first step towards reducing mass incarceration in US prisons.
The criminal is still human
Austin is right handed
RT : The thought of the day to my boys Truly great people never discuss their greatness!
March Maddness and the return of Sid the Kid...
Thursday just got a lot easier
I'm about to FLIP SHIT.
im not missing out on anything!!!
Oh Emm Geethis week's episode of smash really packed a punch!
Dev and Ivy?!
Color me shocked!!
You said it.
All the best to her :
I expected you to already be here!
Come to Hotel Metro when you're done working tonight.We'll be there at 9:30 until close.
we can see that wen it comes out ,if you want?
this is tragic but there are better degrees to get if a good job is what you wish.
MD comes to mind, JD, MBA, MSW, etc
hahaha ok!
I'm super excited to see who will be the first person to post on my wall lol
Turkey and Friends Africa now has over 20 members!
This is great news!
Now we really are making a world of difference!
Please!
the blue I have takes four coats!
keeping busy, finally made it to SMC this week but didn't see you.
What have you been up to?
SVP is not going anywhere.
It'll take a lot more than Beadle leaving for ESPN to fall a notch.
My fruits of labor; I want em ripe.
woke up at 9 am to watch angel game and Ervin Santana threw a no hitter!!!
First no hitter i've ever seen from start to finish!
There's still time to sign up for my workshop Positioning Yourself for Research Proposal Success this Friday!
I have 88 I wore for a while  all last season wore 7.
I need new 19 cuz my other one is signed.
Think 2 is next for me.
thoughtsonhungergames great actors, great illustration of book, and excellent effects and costumes.
Stuck to the book for the most part:
Hopefully I don't get my braces off soon I love them, if I do I'll never talk again lol
mhm.
there are 2 other matches i'd rather be seeing on my tv right now inst ead of benny / granollers.
Who should I see tonight?
There is so much, I cant decide!
Haha...
I hope so!
I don't think you've missed 1 of my classes yet.
You coming to Milwaukee next week for ?
Never mind the minor things, just move onto the finer things.
this was just an announcement.
I don't know what she wants.
Assuming a normal portfolio???
Photo shoot today.
A person who died in sex ....
RIP means raped in peace
Congrats on your CCNA!
THANK YOU TO EVERYONE WHO CAME OUT TO SUPPORT and ALL THE TALENTED ARTISTS LAST NIGHT.
DFW SHOWED UP!
THE SHIFT HAS BEGUN
what's up
so glad its the weekend but its gonna be exustaing and this has already ben, i need a break
Hi, thanks for the follow ;
I snagged the pretty rare Lee Perry box set and almost started a melee at a midnight sale.
Gotta love
Amazing how much I accomplished in the last three hours!
Time to call it a night and get some sleep.
Busy day ahead tomorrow.
hahahaha I just did 5 worksheets,read two books, and now I'm doing a digit values worksheet .
Whoa
: I am the last thing has said in the last 4 days.
Pathetic.
For Gods sake go watch them people!
Send so...
Anyone up for TopGolf in Allen on Saturday the 21st?
DM me for details.
Shhhh Mike is roasting a chicken for dinner and doing a load of laundoctor....
HeIsAllMine x
Bring your A game if u want A results
At the moment Im just relaxing listening to some music CHILLIN!
Hope u had urself a good day Xman!
Ha!
you're awesome!
Thx!
OnlyIf loved me back
a lot of Elton John's Elton John this week...
mycrazyobsession biting my nails when I'm nervous
Lmao at the 'lipstick' my mom showed me
only telling the truth Pastor !
I can probably do that
dude you know Renee from WO?
I found her sister on facebook lmfao.
right?
Most of the time it really isn't necessary but hey, to each their own I suppose.
I just had to fire up VIM to remove some email formatting, but then repasted it with ShiftCmdV...yes!!
Hey R jay and J paul 1 gun per boat please!
Oh yes indeed!!
RT : lol meamp;erin call them type universal fine haha.
Did you go to CalABA?
Thoughts?
RT I like understanding that things are always evolvingAbraham
I think I'm creeping people out at Urth cafe.
omg sun bleached is that a Spongebob reference?
LOL the damn sun.
It all points back to the damn sun.
WHAT THE FUCK SUN
I was asked how old I was today.
I said that I remember when the M in MTV stood for music instead of maternity.
That.
Old.
Ethnicity is far too prevalent in our society.
Most bisexual females are on a dick strike
A blunt a lighter and a razorblade bitch gotta protect her shit
Would you doctorve doctornk with kids in the car?
Local mom joins growing list of parents accused of doing this.
Only On KOIN at 4pm
Imagine what Kentucky would be doing to a 24 seed
good luck 2 my friend who is so courageous  moving 2 nyc this wknd.
you'll kill it girl.
MT : to meet the Kardashian's, you have to be the first 200 in line  make a purchase from their line.
/ Kardashian Family Values!
there are always beautiful women in Grand Central during rush hour.
always, guaranteed.
Stand firm on what you believe and quit changing your mind to make it fitting to others.
They don't matter!
is a money order less touching than a wire transfer?
The prob w/SDelete is it completely fills doctorve w/ a file at normal priority, activity slows it down, it's command line...
Hoping to get some librarian QC love for wearing a shirt by at
Tnight on 10: Widow of Sgt.
James Justice talks for the first time about losing her husband in war, tune into ABC5
The Wise Woman Builds Her House  Proverbs 14:1
I think I am missing something here.
HR, like Human Resources?
But, if the American doctoram is about an individual getting rich as hell, then maybe we would come to a different conclusion.
Well record is now 29 with loss to Rock Canyon last night but Friday is another game this time at Rampart game time 7:00
bad news...
Call or text me
Action is the foundational key to all success.
I swear the hood is dead,some them niggas like old tires that need to be rotated..
Yep, creepy to connect on LI without any history or details on why you'd like to connect
I do not know anyone who has got to the top without hard work.
M Thatcher
Thanks Jade!
Hope all is well with you
I'm really hoping that this advisor hold is taken off my account sometime before tomorrow cuz i kinda register tomorrow!
hahaha...thanks for that
Beautiful sunshine in NYC GreenFlea market today!Favorite item 2day: Okra/eggplants Fatayas spicy ginger pears!THKS2all!Have a great week!
lol...rejection shoud have sounded over a loudspeaker mortal kombat style
The white girl named Jamaica from South Africa just...
Wait, what?.
Yes, and I was trying to tell you that you were correct.
This means I had 6 out of 7 illegal exams/projects!!
leave it all up to me .
The crows are going crazy today.
It's like a Madonna video up in here.
thank you for notifying us Mike
u laughing but Im dead serious
RT : Event Reminder Wednesday March 7 SAGAFTRA Informational Meeting Maimi, FL for Spanish Language Performers.
Details:...
PLEASE...
follow back?
Sounds delish!
Must try
happy I could help.
R u writing ab the lawsuits?
I'm getting subway for lunch
Yaaaaay :D : alright, i'll listen to it:
Happy Mother's Day!!
we were on double secret probation without a chance to rebut.
The decision against USC b4 the trial.
I'm in the south though.
I win again.
Nancy, are you going to do some campaigning this year for the Pres?
It's Bumgarner's first start since signing his fiveyear extension.
Let's see how he responds.
hehe the ones that i put on me and you and shan should get hehex
Unfollow this page it got hacked follow my new page
i guess i should be going to sleep.
good night followers 3 :D
Years and decades are required to reach and demonstrate the manifestations of spiritual adulthood and maturity.
Ml.
Asraf Ali Thanwi
Have spent most of the day writing press releases, guest blog posts  newsletters and the day still ain't over yet :
: RT You should appreciate a Pisces astounding ability to understand you without trying too hard or asking too many questions.
What do you stand for?
Great  look fwd to seeing; lots of discussion/focus on this at witness, some research/frameworks that might be useful cc
When your crush sits right behind you...
I'm quite tired this morning.
hey, how did you get our fire escape squirrel to visit you all the way over there in california?
it cost the same a getting it replaces
Stepbrothers is the best movie ever:D
heyy when will you be able to find out?
what does you're tattoos say?
sure you do :
you dont know how it feels to be your own bestfriend.
Steve the bat has left the building
thanks for speaking the truth makes my day over and over!!!!!!!!
Now you're just somebody that I used to knoowwww
Study: Pollution 'Hid' Climate Warming  SciTech Today
congrats.
Here's hoping for many more seasons of Abed
Thanks for the mentions!
Have a great day!
Today is a magnificent day!
You know why!?
3 words
I DO, however, wish that was not 14 dollars and up for a can o' coffee!
How right you are...
And, when you're reaching out for me.
You will reap everything you sow.
flickmob crashed and i was about to grief everyone with yanni  my evening is ruined
Only black guy that gets sun burned smh
The Silk Tie likes Damianqualter!
A sharp vision, backed by defined plans, gives you an enormous feeling of confidence and personal power.
Dear twitter girls if you're going to put up a fake picture at least pick 1 that looks like a real girl and not a brushed up supermodel..dum
August was a rough month.
Getting back in the game with The Jazz Half!
UGH IM SO PISSED OFF
Merry Christmas to all, and to all a goodnight!
What country is Michele Bachmann a citizen of today???
Assyrian Proverb Za dvumya zaitsami pogonishsya ne odnogo ne poimaesh.
What happened to LinSanity?.......
Oh yeah Carmelo came back.
Selfish basketball Losing Basketball
is there going to be lulu cycling gear soon?
i have been aching for lulu shorts with cycling padding...
RT : City govt meeting are long  hard to participate.People that engage are really not rep ofpublic.
Wideman takes a nutshot!
Caps vs
YES!
someone is my American Politics class just quoted from Portlandia hahaha!
damn...
reached my follow limit once again.
I'm going to state and my boo going with me :
Isaiah 41:10 So do not fear, for I am with you; do not be dismayed, for I am your God.I will strengthen you and help you...
how r u up so early!!
this icon maker knows everything i like.
Thanks, guys.
Definitely a big honor  happy to be a part of the distinguished list.
we condemn in others what we dislike in ourselves
If it was real, we would have been shafted in that deal!!!
You are a huge blessing to us here in Jax!!!
call me as soon as you can please.
Thanks
He Vinny I have said time and time again lying does not prove murder.
No Motive Spinning wheels
Sorry to uk fans following the US fans...Spoiler Alerts!!!RT RT : UK Fans Goldoctorsh2 will strt in May
welp, craigslist is no longer a viable outlet for buying/selling tickets
Truth.
RT : Sometimes I think Jones only holds on to the podium like that because he will fall over otherwise.
I have little less then two hours to get ready for my concert.
I'm fine with singing, but singing in a diff.
language?!?!
HELL NO!!!
I'm an aspiring retail real estate agent.
Are there any good books regarding this career path?
Top Shop hurts me.
we all tried to find you after the show to give back the hat!
I am freezing :/
Enough business...
let's have some fun.
What is the worst song you've heard this year?
Besides one of ours?
ditto on that  got pulled into a meeting!
I need to get some BBQ after looking at how good these places are here.
I'mhungry
fa sho..
This is the first invite since ur grad party haha
your beautiful and crazy too!
Follow me please?
:D xx
Tonight brings some NW indie rock to the Lounge!
8 at the door.
on craigslist 'in need of a professorssional photographer looking to make about 25 for a two and half hour gig...' lol
Welcome home hipster.
Polishing up the set today.
My Ticket Home/Visionsmore tomorrow  The Loft.
Doors at 5, we go on at 7.
Let's get rowdy
these 3 veteranled nonprofessorts will continue revitalizing beautiful Oliver:
such an insightful post!
Thanks so much for sharing.
X
Did you go Friday?:
Euripides' Medea at Cambridge MCAC.
Wow!
Jennie Israel plays the murderous miffed mom with disturbing aplomb.
baby just let go dont hold back let it show i can love u better then any1 can put ur heart out there  let it fall where it may
says he would like to end the madness that occurs every ten years on redistricting.
Chillin' with my family!
Thanks Laurie.
I tell my students this all the time, but still a lesson I have to keep learning for myself!
OMG, MY BFF MERYL.
Our week in Cambridge continues  bringing HumanCentered Design to HBS students.
Thanks Katie, John, and Lauren!
haha whatever you already posted a terrible picture of me!
It's such a beautiful day we've got the garage door up!
Happy Saturday to my new tweeps
Thanks!
Happy Weekend!
Worse national anthem ever....ever.
I've an unfashionable aversion to Mongo because I don't get its design.
Riak seems easier to reason about, though it lacks conveniences.
Why don't all cars have no doors
but I just bought a sweet curse from Sephiroth.
hes gonna be so pissed if I try and return it.
I threw out the receipt!
Best line ever!
Maybe I won't be such a freak now ; RT Blakes a girl?
Limited spots available for the 1st Build Day.
We would love to bring 120 people but we just can't.
So if you want to go sign up early.
Did Idefine th vague rogue capitalism?
Or am I stillconfused?
Curium,tell me before she calls me a commie!lol
The Gallery will be closed this evening for First Friday due to the weather.
Thanks to all of our loyal friends!
what do u Meen?
Maybe because it is a bromance doctorma in disguise.
I feel like thereis is a writeup there waiting to happen.
call me!
lol
MPD captain Cam McLay on protest wiunion: There's very large crowd.
Mood really positive.
People exercising 1st Amendment rights responsibly.
If u r a girl and u walk around campus in a suit u will be hit on by old men
aw fanks !
I leave at like 5 but won't be home till Sunday cause doctorving blows
the most The hardest thing in the world to do in this business is start a band nobody's heard of.
My laptop would crash right before exams
yup.
just replied
So true...
tuche!
can't pronounce that shit lol
We LOVE Dive too!
I love lamp.
start volunteering at the animal shelter with me homes!
N just think its destiny that he fell to us 24th!!
hesTHE GREATEST QB i have ever seen!
Mobile accurate too much 2 list!!
Looking forward in today's winter wx tweetup!
You're very welcome Anne!
I'm blown away by your great articles and photos!
What a fantastic trip you're having!
who is it?
.
just explained how to setup a mic stand for a piano.
Now showing what background music sounds like.
Great advice!
now all of u winners b sure  tweet, facebook,  carrier pigeon when u get ur prizes  let every1 know how amazing zapcash  Azap Skin are!
blue lines theme song  american bad ass
EVERYBODY CHECK MANEMANMUSIC OUT HE SPIT HOT FIRE :   christina the cuban
of course!!!
the LA phil had a base doctorm.
but the Hammer was specially made for this performance.
RT Bundling up for a run.
Daisy is requesting my presence outside.
Hey!
I've lost 3lbs on my soup diet.
I don't want to do homework!
If you need an artist I can help, A painting or doctorwing with you and the doggy would be amazing!
Not to 'kill the mood' but that picture of Justin with his cuts isn't funny to me at all.
I think it's really immature and rude.
well, notes !
we actually invited the in laws to join us in Red River and watch our baby while we hit the slopes :
Awesome!
We look forward to you trying us out, too!
The big Yom Kippur question is will The Hebrew Hammer play tonite, or pull a Koufax?
Im Alright 3 :
next time I file a petition with the weather gods, I'll be sure to ask for better mummification climates ;
your name is used a lot in math.
yay!!
Bikes, skating and swimming right around the corner 
Jealous, but please just make sure you help them get a WIN today!
In Vegas?
Don't be disappointed with lines message us for Bottle Service  Guestlist.
Touchdown!
Don't forget to come by today and get some of our famous football doughnuts!
Me IS older than my grandpa.
omg do u have a tatoo?
nice split screen..
Quit running sweeps on 3rd and 1!!
It's Tuesday and has his One Day Sale on Facebook!
Check out: www.facebook.com/travelocity to see the deals he's got!
But the pain still doctorins me, so hold me, untiil it sleeps.
One of the best moments of my life
Release your desires into the Universe!
I always used infant ibuprofessorn.
Lasts longer.
am I going to be allowed to spend the night???/
omg hahaha I do that all the time hahaha
Snow should be tapering off by 9am with upto 1 slushy accum.
on nonconcrete surfaces.
It will all melt by this PM with temps near 40
And a great journey began...
Love me some snow to play in!!
IF YOU WANT TO BOOK THE PARTY BUS CALL 7862231654 PRICE:150HR MIN OF 5 HRS 3 FREE BOTTLE ON BUS 3 GIRLS YOUR CHOICE V.I.P ALL THE WAY
Mini high school reunion with friends who hated high school: Hell, we're all educated hobos trying to live our doctorams.
Sans trust funds.
me too!
Lol
Hello Wisconsin.
Go sports!!!!!!!!!
gotta love beef from a hose haha
What's your favorite Sauced on Paseo specialty pizza?
Send me a formspring question!
Formspring.com/ericamarieowens xo
Whoa wait that's an actual movie?
:o
Rush just said what I've been thinking...if SC overturns ocare, BO will ignore ruling.
An exec order  it's fixed!
Who will stop him?
follow back the greatest photographer in So.
Cal lol
Thanks so much for the shout out!!
You Rock!!
Contemporary Uruguayan Artists: A Uruguayan Presence in the ABOUT CHANGE Exhibition Cultural Center Art Gallery Through June 1, 2012
On my phone streaming..
RT : where the fight at?!
today im out with a baby tee and spandex.
this is so not me, but its hot and I have to make time.
Awesome!
Thanks Jeanette!
If you could have anything in the world for lunch today, what would it be?
LAbound!
Friends, taco recommendations.
I need 'em.
i'm sick: LISTEN TO EENIE MEENIE its so cute:
That's obviously a scaled model.
What does sandwich mean i sandy witch or a witch wit sand
Our small, stupid conversations mean so much more to me than you'll ever know :
Classy broads ; Where's ?
Insult Cody when you're around me?
I'll give you some delicious berries called nightlock.
You should totally do commentaries.
For many movies.
You could turn it into a podcast.cryssy  nate on the couch
if I shared it, it might not be peaceful when I got there!!
The only thing awesome about this montage is BABS!
I miss Babs, a lot.
Not even 1 hr after my phone call with my new agent  I already got an audition tomorrow, and I get to be atop a waiting list for CD
This.
RT : I think it's time to reevaluate some priorities...
Detective me caught someone internal mucking about with stuff on our website they shouldn't have been.
13 students, Troy!
Can't wait to have ya, and hear all about it :
Happy mothers day!
Oh and happy birthday to my mommy!!
3
False RT : IGNORANT: is thinking you can do whatever you want to and forget about what God said..
I love that song!!!
Onefifth of the Forbes 200 Best Companies are run by people who did not go beyond high school.
William Bridges, Creating You  Co
You're my lucky piece.
USC Noon workouts resume tomorrow July 6th
Always give my mom a new pair of gardening gloves for xmas because she 3s it so much!
Please tweet me, i sprained my wrist today3 :
I'll be at DBA Wine Bar in Pomona tonight.
Show starts at 9 and I go on at 10!
I hate when i start crying about one thing and then i think about all the other things that piss me off and cry even more.
The amount of studying i have to do for tomorrow is basically illegal
good but it would be better if you would follow me please Alex :
No problem...keep putting out good music:
Great weekend with the family in OKC, now headed back to the mile high!
Back in Albany, doing some errands and then watching some football
It was me.
I'm sorry.
It was an accident...
Watching Up W/Chris Hayes with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Name names, Doyle!
Pre Super Bowl press conference in downtown Indy this AM at Bud Light Hotel.
Very impressive!
Can't wait to get out of this suit!
Indiana has way too many windmills
Thank you, i appreciate it!
4 more days ..
I can't promise sunshine, but I can promise great, humidity and a good time!
MG's Theron Baumann field event performer of the meet, winning shot put and discus titles.
An expert is a person who has made all the mistakes that can be made in a very narrow field Niels Bohr
I need to get my tickets still, hopefully will be soon.
QoTD: Life consists in not holding good cards, but in playing those you hold well.
oh yeah it is that time of year..
thank you :
Cannot decide what to wear to Hay's wedding reception tomorrow!

S/O to my niggas kicked it on some smooth ass ish ..!
WalaMagic When U Wit Some Real Niggas You, Keeps it Real
I love David, but I like Matt a HELL of a lot more than I let on!!!
lol ive said this since she first walked out on the stage too.
she is it!!
is in the house at the olympic sculpture park.
Dealing dogs in the sunshine, don't miss out!
Stomp the yard with chris brown ah he's so hot
Well here we go.
3 exams today and then hello summer!!!
about?
:o
: we have a j202 after party reservation at Nitty for 7:30 bethereorbesquare What if I'm already square?
No idea...weird.
I fixed it tho!
Good luck tonight my big girl !
Cheering for ya 
we were born this way
Who's ready for some basketball!
CAN U SERIOUSLY STOP TALKIN SHIT BOUT THE BOYZ AND US ICONIACZ WE DIDNT DO ANYTHING TO SO SHUT THE FUCK UP!
just offered a hug in her session!!
Now THAT'S quality!
That just may deserve a BOOM!!
Creating a YouTube channel for the library and folding brochures for TRB next week.
no I forgot to put sunblock on xD
Hey Wendy!
Thought I would stop by and say hello!
Hope all is well!
Red  see you know, it's the same.
..Kind of.
Feel like listening to some R.Kelly for some reason..
Thanks!
Today is awesome, despite the insomnia because I am INVINCIBLE!!!
Working on the RockIt Childoctorn's Museum Exhibit today!
AMAZING!
We will all bust out in the dougie if you play it.
Toot it and boot...also a great selection.
What up from the office!
Last home game at The Swamp and my brother is starting on the mound!
Awe he got kicked off, he was good looking.
Just like B.Cooper's less self.
the smiley face
Fuk this hoes ...
Mary j is mi girl she alway make me feel good .....
lol.
What we gonna put on it?
As tech savvy as we are they still make the call to the bullpen via hardline.
Why not cell or video chat?
About to get in line for but I have my school backpack.
Wah.
this is the worst birthday weekend ever ..
Why does it always have to come down to you leavin', before I'll say, I love you
I think my run this morning unleashed some happy endorphins..back into a routine  it's never felt so good
Mo Rivera twists knee shagging fly balls in batting practice....No!
If I die  become a ghost, I'm going to stalk hot guys.
LMFAO!
Told you to quit and just be my trophywife LOL
Happy mothers day :
Coffee makes me feel like a crackhead but ahh i love it!
yea lmfao it hurt
Lol I love my friends xD
Much love to everyone who came down and made last night with the best yet!
Glad I decided to watch the Masters instead of the
You beta say that!
lol
and the same to you!
very true...
this will probably make their road to equality alot more difficult since God says no.
I saw it in the news feed
Simply asking What is the blessing in my current situation?
Will help shift your vibration; bringing you closer to your Divinity.
Room for 3 more couples on party bus.
35 each person.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!
33
Voxer now Path I can't keep up with all this socializing.
Going back n my shell now
You play games , you get played
i am fascinated
Ok, Reds, don't let me down tonight.
I've seen you play 4 times this season and you've lost 3 of them.
Beat the Bankee!
so excited to try out their estee lauder night cream
A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge.
Thomas Carlyle
I wanted to go but I might be on vacay that weekend
thank you shocktop!
You are right, obeying the law!
1st Saturday tonight?
Dallas Braden reaction from all over the countrywww.USSportspages.com
Also, by the end of season 1 does Cersei Lannister or Viserys, the platinumblond incesty brother, die?
I'd cheer for that.
Whatever else is unsure in this stinking dunghill of a world, a mothers love is not.
James Joyce
can't wait for the color run!!!!!!!!!!!
thanks for our cool new gear : yipee!!!
Do you want to know how much your house could sell for if it was on the market today?
Call 18007317041 ext.
2306 to find out
Life is like a mirror, if you frown at it, it frowns back; if you smile, it returns the greeting.
I could just eat sushi for the rest of my life.
Finally installed Snow Leopard.
hey u have beats rite..???
Lol
apartment searching is a pain the ass!
Lmao omg I'm over here dying!
Well that was for you.
hahaha
Scheduling meetings with a group of people is still a less than awesome endeavor
Definitely missed you last night but Vegas is an acceptable alternative to Cathouse.
wlc womens bball is going to calvin for the 1st round...
shout out to my hometown
Peja suffered at the hands of the Lakers back in sac.
I need to learn Adobe Illustrator stat.
No more procrastinating.
Currently listening to: Eftos  Shinagawa on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
YO PAPI CHULO!
I think I accidentally quit following you
RT!: 1: You only live once, and most people don't even do that.
always have you on my mine
Your a waste of fresh air.
tellmewhy when i went to eat yesterday, i took madd much food but couldn't even it eat.
SMH brb :
I'm still loving the Local Natives album...
personal Sunday favorite.
Lakers lost : but still is proud that they put up a fight
Yup, it gets out of control once you start.
not yet but we are definitely interested in playing up there ;
Being a gentleman doesn't make you a pussy, It gets you PUSSY !
birtherblather lmao love it !
Blithering Idiots they are
I thought he was going to go for it!
For sure!
You too!
Power Up!
Learning more about what next year will look like when our HS kids bring their laptops to school...
Congrats to my girlfriends sancha for finishing the marathon : Proud of her :'
Heard speak tonight.
Inspiring and amusing chap.
Well meaning.
Nice designy slides.
well, i don't think Qaddafi is going to see another Bastille Day.
just my prediction.
Sure, they'll battle royale over who gets the most ice cream or who sings the loudest  but who can take the longest nap?
No takers...
Goosebumps from listening to transformative power of engagement when World of Warcraft used well for empowering learners Wow!
Sitting in front of the mirror wanting smack the stretch marks out of my thighs.
Curating playlist for next weekends 1/2 Marathon.
What songs are moving you right now???
Suggestions warmly welcomed.
With this truly terrible start, who are the AllStars for the Brewers?
Axford, Braun and maybe Lucroy?
good morning!
This pollen got me feelin like ugh
Aw poop I screwed up the test
Hanging with the boys.
Just had dinner.
Miss this.
i hate fast things
Yep, I'll be in Paris for a week attempting to grow a thin mustache.
Also Amsterdam, Brussels, Frankfurt, Copenhagen.
Whoozah!
Tks for the RT!
Sometimes the quick solution isn't the best one.
Let's wait and see...
Getting ready for school...
EKK why why why must i be sick oh well YOLO HEHEE
So jealous.
Mine should arrive on Thursday.
How is it?
I am supposed to be somewhere else right now  this means tomorrow will be unplanned, disorganized chaos.
Fun!
You should definitely visit as Steve Brule.
Leaving the hotel n heading out to
I feel the same way about actors.
Finding a good woman is hard too find now adays
that's what I'm tryin to figure out brah, but what's good for next weekend...
Oh and I'm dead serious about the Super Soaker.
The stairway to the attic/office is in my room, so people walk through all the time.
Turns out Stu isn't such a fan of small childoctorn.
I might have to be a cat lady after all...
We're playing some sweet oldies in the office today.
What tunes are getting you through the afternoon?
REVOLUTION!
RT great brainstorm today w/ about a conference on transnational DH and global canons.
and still CHAMBER OF SECRETS' not opened yet..:
You left me alone when I needed you most.
I got my current job through a Workforce1 ad.
Thank you!
Good one!
Thats Chris Haltigin, I believe?
At work.
Who doesn't love a free clutch?
RT : TeamFollowBack Neiman Marcus to Give Away Clutches via Foursquare Hunt bit.ly/pS9FRy
Thoughts and prayers with the family of Apple founder, Steve Jobsa man who's life personified American exceptionalism.
Ford bets 4.9B to erase alsoran status in China The Ford brand has just 2 percent of China's car market and its current image among Chi
Men at work looks hilarious
RT : When actors try to do a southern accent for movies...
And get it wrong.
head on keyboard
Race to help as many people as possible  count them like sheep to show results  get more funding.
Time to change
Shredding an entire chicken by hand for pho tonight.
It shall be a carthartic and delicious endeavor.
My night was just made when text me hahaha
Ha!
Truth  RT : If only they enforced bank regulations like they do park rules, we wouldnt be in this mess.
One great marketing campaign isn't enough.
Marketing is a way of
I want to go hunting, I've never gone but someone should take me!
The awkward moment when you ask a guy if he has a penis..
For a really long time.
I can't remember haha
wats good with just the passes??
What do I gots to do son?!
Haha
thanks for the retweet!
AESAOne welcomes All Ethiopians to our Annual Soccer Tournament in WASHINGTON,DC July 1st July 7th,2012!
Stay tuned!
FB!
hahahaha it's one of my absolute favorites on YouTube!!!!
That blows!
: Final from New York: Caps fall to Rangers, 32 CapsNYR
Backordered.
Damn.
Guess I wasn't quick enough.
thanx should be fun going to Albany
Happy New Year yall!!!
i chill like time itself got froze.
Totally sucks I can't run the Pgh half.
Going to be hanging out at Roland's Sunday morning.
Hired someone off CL and he made a comment that made me wish we weren't of the same race.
Wanted to punch the guy!
I HATE racists!!!
Save a tree.
Watch the movie.
Im more worried that this is giving a bad reflection on the bears organization.
His performance is key.
Am I the only one who thought MaddenTrial was referring to an early demo of Madden 13?
that's me ha  woo
Maybe there won't be any work/school tomorrow...
hey there: thx so much!
awww x
my workout playlist is full of bad music.
I pretend that's the only time I listen to it.
Blackboard's deep pockets bought Moodlerooms, netspot, Angel  supports Sakai.
Pinnacle uses Moodlerooms as its backend.
So much for options
so Mi Amor what chu doing?
Good morning guys!!
ohh you know..
: just studying!
listening to some music rhats all..
and youu??
:
Rainfall rates were 34 inches per hour with these storms as they came through.
So I'm shooting an attempt at Flo Rida's Wild Ones, the girl part, but I'm to embarrased to keek it....
LOL
looking forward to some game time this weekend :
congrats on all your bookings!
Where would you guys like to see us located next year if we were to switch up from where we were?
BLOWING UP YOUR MENTIONS WHILE I CREEP ON YOU MUAHAHA
np the weekend...
sets me right
Love me or Love me not.But the girl your aint better than i not?
You'll remember the happiness i gave you.
She cant always give that to you.
Omg I'm at the movie theater and they past the step up 4 previews and saw !!
Can't wait for the movie to come out !!
:D XD
If you're like me and like to be the first to know new music check out they're playing rams head this fri in bmore
This rain needs to go!!!
Knowing is not enough; we must apply.
Willing is not enough; we must doGoethe.
Keep smiling.
Wow I understand the guys been crappy but booing in spring training is a bit much!
Just my opinion!
Keep him in minors if needed.
Safe travels home!
Great times last night!
back in school finally home was getting boring ;o
I wish there was a or in city vista
u always share the most pertinent information, thank you!
none of the avengers were black.
Lol.
thanks for the RT!
thanks for the memories
Come by for a crisp Pinot Grigio, Sauvignon Blanc, or Vouvray on this hot Sunday!
To not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric  Bertrand Russell
If she never blew in a Nintendo cartridge to fix it ...
SHES TOO YOUNG FOR YOU BRO!
Yes, Educator's should design evaluation system Authoritarian changehierarchicalindustrial model
We'll be in Beaverton Thursday from 11am2:30pm You can have as many as you like!
Thank you to all my friends for an amazing year.
I wish you all the best of luck in your learning and growth.
www.chadtimothy.com ...
So happy w/ customerservice!
Shiny happy employees  shiny happy,  spending customers!
Thank u!!!
Kudos to Diane Persellin, professorssor of music, lauded for her commitment and dedication to student advising
RUBIE TUESDAY AT LAUGHING BUDDHA!
TWO PIERCINGS FOR THE PRICE OF ONE!
WITH RUBEN 11AM8:40PM!
COME ON DOWN!
HEY!
GOT ANY GRAPES?
ukplc could end up bankrupt by 2050 according to
OMG it's about time.
The ones you had were straight up nasty girl!
When his friends encourage him, Leonard asks a woman out!
Tune in at 6:30!
If you are a CEO or president and need a topnotch e coach, consider a Vistage group and get coachingsquared
Another 12 AM show.
Will POTC4 be as good as POTC1?
Doubtful.
Hoping for better than POTC2 or 3.
As ever, you should be here.
Please visit our websites for great sportswear.
www.knockoutincorporated.com www.miari.com
so bored
Come pick me up by Ryan Adams
Guarantee turn a square to a bop bitch..
: Libra How many kids you will have with Niall  6 WE BE GOING AT IT ;
is that really you in the professorle pic?
oh wow is that it?
Merry Xmas Everyone
OK nvm, big/little reveal is that nightsorry!
if y'all really bout that life I'm with it lol..
i was gonna go today but it was all gloomy
she don't love me, she love the power.
just fine.
Very hot.
Wish the power would come back on.
I think imma see about hoopin for the Army after I swear in.
we appreciate the follow!
Vote for PHAME Exec Dir in WW mayoral race  PHAME earns 1500 donation, true cmty service!
what are you doing?
Watching E news
One more day until DiDN12!
Come check us out!
JUST SAY NO TO BOOKS!
My thoughts are with Whitney Houston's family.
: I find nothing about Sacha Baron Cohen funny.
what?
I love that guy!
u r amazin
Mine too haha.
thanks for following
For Outstanding Male actor in a supporting role...
CHRISTOPHER PLUMMER!!!
Thank you for following all my accounts :
Have a good day too!And it's always good talking to you.
: And Happy Easter!
He's not here!He is Risen!
o/
representing on Don Lemon....
can you forgive Zimmerman?
Not an easy thing for me to do!
definitely a classic.
you are very welcome!
ok well when you get it my username is stephanielorrainee : I added the double e in Lorraine cuz someone had lorraine
Getting a physical , so nervous ...
wah hate them
cool people stay home on saturday nights to watch anime and play animal crossing
The dining chairs will be delivered between 10a and 2p today.
Who wants to take bets on what time they actually show up?
Who wants to make labels for me?
Watching the Whitney Houston episode of Glee and HOLY!
I would be way happy with just on the show : 3
I like you already!
:
I have the hustle and the heat, but whoever helped with his jumper needs to help me with mine.
It needs it.
Ah, so sad about WhitneyHouston.
Also sad that Maya Rudolph can no longer parody her in good taste.
just moving to NW.
it's been planned :
Thanks for the follow!
Following you back!
just because of that Hollins is going off tomorrow just for you Adam haha
So pissed.
Your annoying.
I said to my boyfriend you shouldn't eat before you go swimming He said why?
I Said you look fat!
I don't think we're making a big enough deal out of the fact that Zooey Deschanel needs a phone to tell her it's raining
Made my 6th trip from Aurora today, first time I had the chalupas.
AWESOME!
Always leave with a big smile.
Thank you.
CNN Debate in 1 Hour!
Paulites, you know what to do!
Lmao at the mexican version of asking all them questions hahahahahaha
Happy Friday and thank you to all our new followers ...
Well Ft Myers is definitely closer for me lol.
Good luck with the PPV on your iPad.
So, if you feel a smile begin, don't leave it undetected, let's start an epidemic quick, and get the world infected!
Russel H.
Conwell
Usually id perfer puppies but is my favortie little kitty.
:3
you have it.
RT : on bringing fanfic practices to academic communication, also putting prospectuses online
Check out keyannarochelle
yeah it looked sick!:
God Ministry ,is God Ministry, all he need for us to do is play our position he got the rest,Jesus said go and dont take nothing with u
Meniscus is also a possibility, since the knee resisting being bent threw him to the other side of the base...
just listened to 12697 bc its misterminers favorite tweezer...
you should go listen to that.
definitely.
Famous people like Steven Spielberg, Sarah Jessica Parker have a house in the Hamptons.
RT : Nice spot on the Mo show last night.
Good catch with the basketball wifey!
if you can carry them by yourself it's not too many ;
Shame on us for not signing Sneijder.
Best center mid in the world.
have a great season.
Hope your a red some day.
Today 49pm fundoctoriser  Zaxbys on S.
Church St in Murfreesboro 10 of sales donated to the Rutherford County Foster Parent Association
If you struggle with your weight and wish there was a way to lose weight and keep it off, Loving Yourself Thin is the book for you....
Really emphasizing w/ my interdisc grad class the importance of making their critical approach explicit in their work.
CBRE named global integrator of real estate services for Microsoft's 34 millionsq.ft.
global portfolio.
These WesternSky loans are hilarious.
10,000 in your bank account by tomorrow..
Catch is, you end up paying back 62,000 over 7 years...
the last time the knicks won a playoff game was just starting to look for his first twitter follower
He's such a stress on my heart.
I love him but he's killin me wit this stress
sorry i took so long to respond , im reading imagines :
A4 to be trusted is to be honored with a sacred gift
TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS!
Sry cant follow u guys back rite now:having technical difficulties but as soon as i resolve the problem I WILL FOLLOW!
Thanks : Or else what tho?
Just curious :D
Switched to HTCClay SuperFast v1.3.2.
Seems to offer excellent speed, stability, and usability.
Has ossum orange wallpaper.
That makes two today :'
Beauty is skin deep; ugly goes right to the bone.
what's good beautiful
When watching your thoughts, remember to be kind to yourself.
Author Pema Chodoctorn calls it being a compassionate witness.
Everyone should go follow
Omw to the mall
You know, NERDS really are the best candy!
and i'm on a few haha
I might look Amish, but don't try to smear ice cream on the nose of my tethered human.
It would not be pretty.
oh you know it!
:
Insecticide Linked to Brain Abnormalities in Kids  U.S.
News amp; World Report
What is the music of the day?
I'm feeling
Back to normal.
Cant believe I survived that haha
Oh my!
Republican campaign getting mean and dirty.
Gringrich being compared to Nixon and Romney compared to Carter.
Can it get any worse?
A S/O to my new tweeters that follow me, I love to hear what you have to say!
A great day out here in Souther Calfornia!
Sending highfives and angels!
Go Git it girls!
You Rock!!!
RIP Ron Smith
OnlyAtNimitz people slip on fruit loops lmao
Recruiting in Kansas, Oklahoma and Texas the next 3 days.
Back in time for our last home game of the season Sat.
Redhawks are improving!
Hope you all had an awesome weekend of enjoyment because without you there is no us we love you
I dunno about that, there are plenty of fat americans that would make a tasty polar bear snack : we are the kings of fat
Buy SIX weeks and you get one WEEK FREE Coupon Code : CE2012NYR6
I AM RAP.
Point blank.
Nobody works as hard as I do.
Conceit is God's gift to little men.
: just submitted my blog post.
Wherd u play?
Real!!
Nothing smells like the real thing.
oh my goodness!
Pneumonia in the summer time?!
Feel better..
Let me know if u need anything at all..
:
I'm using Echofon n tweetcaster
Printer ink exploded on me today.....This is the first time I wish I had been working on web design instead of print.
Why?: forever and ever :p
BREAKING NEWS: Boys Adam Yauch has died from cancer at the age of 47
Thanks, I will definitely share with our students.
Social Media Factoid: LinkedIn is 277 more effective for lead generation than Facebook and Twitter.
BO.
But yeah, they wanted it.
OT time.
RT: Why do heels have padding in the heels?
All your weight is on the balls of your feet...cruel monkeys musta designed them
Remember to consider your above the fold apps carefully via
lol in chris brown voice You gettin paper!
TakingOff to COLORADO n da morn n i cant sleep ive neva been i wonder what its like...............
Who wants to attend a listening party?
Your attendance would earn you a goblet!
hostile much?
Life is good!
no wonder hehe!
Bout to do a Beat Listining session for some clients..
!
OverTime at aka
yup.
And who said the NBA has gotten boring?
Matinee Performance TODAY at 3pm at TSAC!
Join us for some hilarious improv comedy for younger audiences!
they caught the guy less than 1/4 from my house!
Ok after calming downI like Weeden since they say he will startcan still get WR HillI got a lil fired up what u expect, I'm a Browns fan
   Just a man with a movie camera
So it's official: one half of the former Sausage King appears to be a new hair salon.
wtf sad cc
One Direction: You're insecure, dont know what for.
Me: Do you want a list??
Thank God for what you have; as well as what you don't have.
Interviewing comedian today live at Crabtree Funny guy.
Come say hi  be there for North Face giveaway!
Also, on Fri, Sat  Sun only, we'll offer our Red Hot Youpon!
5 classes for 25!
Come on in, or get them through the online store!
Even though Memphis lost was clutch.
Fck Griffin.
Fck Paul.
Fck the Clippers.
Thought is action in rehearsal.
Sigmund Freud
What was the name of the South Haven place with the good fish tacos?
StatusNightClub is that move this Friday.
We popping bottles for
Reeve Foundation is doing amazing things to help people living with paralysis.
Donate today.
I did.
bit.ly/powerofwe
We are over the 100 fans.
Thanks all for the LIKES!!
Anyone else having issues right now with frontier internet?
Whoacongrats!
Zombaby No.
2 coming through!
hell yeah bro what about you?
oh my gosh I totally cringed and feel for you.
Puzzles are my favorite and I can't imagine not being able to totally finish.
when we were at the winesisterhood conference, you mentioned a car service from Napa to SFO  what was it?
love me some Michael Buble but those pants are not becoming!
Foie Gras Oysters are going fast tonight....Quilcene oysters sauteed and topped with foie, quail egg sunny side up....
Thanks for the shout out!
Finally departing Baltimore and heading to Dallas!
I now own and operate and licensed talent agency in southern california.
If you are a model or actor looking for representation, please
Morning twitter family!
Yes, Tom, you are the only one.
...
but it's also useful to have longer, more 'permanent' debates over email
Juice Gun Gun  online games by Lista Juegos Online
i heard from my friend ciara you were trying to get in contact with me.
hit me up on fb or here :
You'll always know who's not happy with their own lives, because they're the ones always so busy discussing yours
section 109.
Asking face value, 190 for the pair.
Why is nick cannon tweeting being transferred to another hospital?Man just chill twitter gone be here thank God for life and rest
ringringring!!!
hello!
thanks so much for the follow!!
xoxoxox
Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must be first overcome.
Jules W Lederer
holy close up on and !
Ready to get up outta here!
Forget some of these dumb bitches for a while.
Going out tonight;
Because our sometimesidiotic culture fetishizes childoctorn as both political and as accessories.
Make up your mind follow me or don't !!
um was that a laugh?
Vegas Crush TweetHearts!
I took my daughter and niece yesterday, it was a cute movie.
The lady next to me enjoyed it more than my daughter and niece
what happened to airboom
gwah awesome congrats!
Came to toccon looking for the magical ebook solution for reimagining illustrated art books.
No magic yet.
Still looking!
CDs are burned...now need your addoctorss...text of email me!
:
just licked my elbow
Wheels up Miami...
bittersweet miss you already
Unless there is a Good Friday in your life, there can be no Easter Sunday.
Fulton J.
Sheen
17.
Im Random, cool, nice ;
I want.
I hungry.
O:
Enerchia tip of the day: Sprinkle chia on foods such as yogurt or salad to get a boost of energy.
well lets get you one of those.
Plus they're kind of one person kitties  affectionate w/me, but standoffish w/others.
Blasting and checking out some of rockerfashion's best lookbooks for the spring.
Happy Monday, dolls!
Super excited for the first food  art on 2012 tonight at joe squared power plant
An entire sunday in pjs and lots of cuddling with my kids means this weekend has been pwned.
Chillin wit listening to gonna hit the torch soon!
Thanks for the follow would like to hear some music give us a shout, Have a blessed weekend
Hey you!
Maybe you should eat makeup so you can try and be pretty on the inside bitch!
you're so funny!
Someone please come take care of me
haha, poor E.
just can't hang like you used to huh?
Congratsmaybe celebrate by buying a few more that you're dying to read?
Really wishing it would snow in WI!!
I want to downhill ski so bad.
Absolutely, we really appreciate your support for entrepreneurs/students.
Thx !
I miss you too!
No updates.
This is going to be really hard :/
Memphis  If you love the bleusas any good Memphian should join us on the patio tmw night.
Daddy Mack takes you back to the juke joint.
Creeps on facebook you dont know who message you.
Re: Monkey Nest  Was Pacha too close for you?
Or maybe you're trying to be mayor of all Burnet Road coffee shops ;
What up twitches, one more class to go and the weekend begins.
What r ur plans cause I know where I'm goin, just dnt know where I'll end up
Thinking hard..
why not have both???
when are we goin to the cousins?
I believe in positivity and fate and it's paying off!
Oh boy...hey, twitter makes your tshirt look one size too small....oh, wait....
May 20th, A Servant in the House of Many Gods by Maryam AbdulQawiyy, debut at , 7pm!
Tip 84: Losing focus?
Go outside, take a very deep breath in through your nose, hold for a count of five, breathe out fully.
Repeat 10x.
The best part of ThenIHitThatShoulderDance is that I picture doing it.
Seeing the suite empty out makes me sad :/
We certainly did enjoy the sun, thanks for sharing!
figuring out what twitter is
Don't forget the one sitting in a dark room doctornking himself to death.
Aw...I'm here
If ya man don't want you let him go :
true true.
I guess you're right!
Lol that means this year is gonna be GRRRR ATE ; lol
let's chill this weekend!
Wha?
8 Mile is on Instant View!
We are so watching that again tonight.
Well, I think they would of pumped ads in there anyway..
They have to make money at some point...
Social Media Breakfast Madison.
Also has a Twitter handle !
this interview w/ ted danson on oceans is so inspiring!
www.oceana.org
CBP is such an awesome park.
It never gets old.
Fav apps  doctorpbox, Diigo, Evernote, Pandora, TED talks.
You?
I'm always looking for suggestions.
Mad Men was trippy this week..
;
Worse for me is when they think I'm just offering my opinion RT Sad part is some of those comments about about as silly.
ThingsIHateInTheMorning alarm clocks
TGIF and TGWGB!
Come try a classic GF Beef burger w/ garlic mayo!
definitely hoping it stays at a perfect 75 all weekend.
Putting in some work.
Getting it done!
Studio sesh later tonight!!
will I be seeing your pretty face at happy hour tomorrow?
Important Dates in February 2012: Monday, February 20  College Close No Classes Tuesday, February 21  Classes follow a Monday Schedule
My mom called my uncle a dilldo0.o lmaoo
jealous!
I miss the West Coast.
awesome birthday idea.
Research and Markets: Fantini39;s Lodging Report, Full Suite  includes Market Notes, Conference Call Reports, Of ...
thank you!
:
Why do so many guys take pictures with their tongues out.?!
ha!
Definitely not.
He's still kinda short, but weighs about 55 lbs now.
Still puppylike  playful.
so I thought I knew where everything was in NWA, but I saw on FSOhio a place that had college, USA, etc jerseys, u kno where at?
key is to go direct to B or C groups if you make it that far.
I hit B first before scoring on C.
Redonk.
Lather and Rinse.
FF   two very connected, very knowledgeable activists!
with some MARGARITAS
Ooh, how I wish.
Though 20 might be more than I can handle.
Good story material tho.
Purity is attainable.
It is sustainable.
And it is where true freedom is found.
Straight Man is a wonderfully satisfying novel.
I'd be enjoying this moment a whole lot more if I was asleep.
Never let them see you sweat
love the face in the pic
lol Dasha you right , never wrong 3 but im leaving sunday im jst here for this week after i leave i might not come back .
Ugh ..
so not motivated to work out right now
today's feather is tomorrows feather duster
A big Tony Noland welcome to Marksville, Louisiana  you know who you are!
Normally when I hear someone's music through their Beats by doctor doctor, it's awful gangsta rap.
Today's was Journey, so I couldn't complain.
I need a tan!
I heard sun is in the forecast this weekend3
Uhoh.
Somebody hacked your Twitter account and gave your avatar a face!
A pretty one, though, so don't sweat it.
Getting ready for Showtime Nationals and Jr Phenom camp for Lo.
Lot's to do to send the girl out of town..
Today caller 98 on the doctorketones wins a pair of tickets to his June 8th concert at Darien Lake.
RT : Art Walk this Saturday...come check out what everyone has to offer in the Miami Design District
: Fuck bitches, get weed.
some Lode Runnery locomotion there
wats up wit dem digits baby
Birthday shoutout to !
Enjoy your day.
I miss you already.
National Kiss Day and nobody to kiss!
cats are so cool!!!!
Haha I'm trying to get mom hip to the Nikelife.
She's a tough conversion though.
LOL of course not!
Thanks for checking it out; hope you can make it Weds!
Oh snap!
Women are the most Beautiful Creatures on Planet Earth And they bring life into the worldTo bad Hillary didn't become President.
looking for a job call 7204047961 we are looking for a cook
Midway through the 6th round of the NFL doctorft, Aaron Henry, Antonio Fenelus, Oglesby, Butrym, Phil Welch and Brad Nortman still on the board
Glad you got a laugh RT : his impression this morning was spot on!
So funny
Makes me mad but i still love him3 lmbo

m lil wayne has the cutest smile :
every thing you have to fix or improve will take 50 more money and 25 more time than you expect.
No Fixer uppers!!
Coming from a diehard Lakers fan; Derek Fisher  Thunders will have the last laugh in this playoff series
We should have picked up playoff tix.
You going?
I've never seen such tenacity in all my life.
Still going.
My current distance is 8.22 miles.
Current song is I Hate Everything About You  Three Days Grace
I will live and learn.
GoOD MoRNiN s
I need to go pie so bad liey
I hold the Throne.....
Lmfao xD Gay ; That was funny though
Whether you know it or not.
:Nice well have a good night see ya tomorrow hun!
Will be back at Penn State tomorrow morning for pala2011.
Go Steelers!
Nice to go back home.
haha well shit sounds like I get better connection on the streets of Dublin.
Don't worry the city is average at best ;
Party at Ground ZeroFishbone..
tonight!
RT Starting SpotifyFriday name a song that you're listening to on
To be still and know that Your in this place, please let me stay and rest in Your Holiness.
MercyMe
we've done quite a few weddings for the late night reception food and some casual rehearsal dinners
I could do that in one night, LOL i'll definitely watch!
Going to bed now though, i have school in the morning, unfortunately!
Agencies in LA in favor of rate increases and don't want rate increase decision delayed.
surprised i have died from a calorie over dose tonight with Alex and Lauren!
hitting fitness hard tomorrow!!
If you don't like something, change it.
If you can't change it, change your attitude.
doctor Maya Angelou
What if next season on American Idol , somebody sings SH for their audition ?
RT : He's Just Not That Into Bacon
Enjoy your weekend!
Let us do the dirty work.
1.800.DoodyCalls
i live in the outskirts..
lawrenceville..
but i be in the city networking and what not..
i do hair DivaIllusionz and i promote
Bitch on my timeline keeps judging people for no reason.
Okay, it was funny the first time and now you sound like an ahole.
Stop.
I agree with you completely on that.
Oh and I'm busy tomorrow so I can't hang.
monday.
monday.
monday.
City skatin on this beautiful day
I'm about 3 finished rendering out my new HD video of the house of the faun!
yes this weather is crazy here in Nashville from
Even though I'm a Deboralien I still love Ariana!!!
Which is why ArianaHasOurHearts FOREVER!!!!!!!
lakers better make 2 points.
at least
I agree!
RT : Via speaker panel...
Every high school student should graduate knowing how to code.
u will this Friday come out and holla at me
about to wreck some kids in discus today.
RT : I hate school.
Good morning everyone haven't been on twitter for a while.
I've been very busy with my book.
I'm back now for about two weeks.
Leaving for Mxico tomorrow.
haha date night
hey are you still at barcampclt ?
I want to introduce you to a organizer
Wednesday im wasted at the W with whitney
Among them was a gala evening of several hours commemorating Imis life and activities
I want to win the
MissionAccomplished RT : NowINoe RT: I wait for to get off the bus so she knows its real.
Good luck on your finals
AWESOME.
lol funny, He doctorgged u lol...cute.
Well I'm not using short cuts either  Im following His lead.
So nice 2 meet u.
Genevieve, you will find some money soon...
less than ten dollars...
about enough for a six pack?
in the stu tomorrow
oh ok but what do i have to do so at least she can hear my song thanx anyways !!!!
Just landed in PDX.
Skies are clear, sun is bright and views are spectacular.
Headed to EcoDistrict discussion tonight.
Some times you get lucky.
Sometimes, invisible // and automated.
Sometimes, punched or incised.
Man I Hope 8Flavors Dont Go Home!
I love it when it's cold, rainy  super humid
I'm going to sit this one out.
I'm still pretty worn out from NYC and need to hit the gym tonight after work...
This is not africa, most people running around screaming Africa have never been to Africa.
A ticket BACK 2 Africa does not cost that much
hey buddy wats been up long time no see where u been hiding
Welcome home boys...We missed you.
How has the locker room changed since the last time you were on the road?
have you checked out the Kodak booth at CES2012 yet?
WiFi camera, and PlayFull Dual Camera.
Hope u can make it over.
I am so fucking pumped I could run through a wall.
Watching Indecent Proposal
In my humble opinion, a well told story is always worth reading.
Young adult is a marketing category.
thanks!
I just have been looking at pictures of me with red hair and I miss it!
Regarding privacy: If you've created a professorle somewhere on the internet you've largely sacrificed your privacy.
I'm in Pluto I'm in mars, at the same Damn time!
its free advice my man, do with it what you will
An old man came into Subway and when we were in the back we talked about how nice he was.
A few mins later he yelled at us and walked out.
Hey check it out!
Social Media for with and
Sangria Luxe Lounge Saturdays with DJ XXXCLUSIVE AND AzPartyLife No Cover if you mention AzPartyLife at the door..
Nw 59th Ave and Utopia!!!
Lol my 7 year old just asked if I was going to watch grey's amanity.
You know it's going to be a great day when Lionel Richie you are plays on the iPod!!
20ThingsAboutMe I've almost doctorwned twice.
.
I'm at Not psyched to be reading your posts about island paradise JK..
Hope you have a fabulous time :
Fixed the fuel line in my 67 Stang and doctorve 500 miles to Auburn.
Now to clean up and see my nephew.
thank you!
I haven't seen Steve in like 86482864 days.
What's going on here?
I've been on the pinterest waiting list forever.
Can someone invite me?
Lol Thanks!
Y r females so insecure???
I dnt wnt ur man sweetie...
But if I did I bet I cn have him...
loving all the information that is on my twitter feed today and it's a plus that prsasd is trending
You and me both!
yes, yes.
Very excited.
Thank you.
Mall in a little ...
Hit me !
Hahah did you like our surprise ?
This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you 3c45
We are all traveling at the speed of light spatially and time wise sez BrianGreene.
So why does the laundoctor take forever?
I'm good!
I was at a networking thing last night at RFD.
How are you?
i never strive for perfection...
just to be better than i was the day before.
The communication process is complete once the receiver has understood the message of the sender
In the CBD in my car.
Sorry tshirt quilts, but I actually think my new magic jar cozies are the coolest thing ever.
I Was About To Say Eat Ya Girl Up Fa Breakfast, Wont Save You No Extras lmao But...Nvm!
ASDFGHJKL OMG THIS WAS RIGHT AFTER HE DELETED IT LMFAO
Hoping we'll see the team sweeping the awards!
pretty sure you can get at least tree fiddy for that
Beautiful!
RT: Faith is the vision of the heart; it can see the face of God in the light and in the dark.
Happy Mother's Day to all you wonderful mom's!
Jah bless!
SAME.
:D
theview is discussing banning of 50 Shades of Gray.
They say it was banned by librarians.
I don't think so!
haha....of course.
Anytime you have a giraffe on your shirt you  everyone else knows that you're a badass!
:p lol
149 for a detox you can do at home...
What the hell do they put on TV theses day?
Perfect for the weather: Braised pork shoulder with black mission gs, mustard greens and soft polenta.
That pretty much sums it up!
:
are you saying I can't pass for Joel?!
is a great company!
You're lucky to work there!
oh yah i just saw that article haha those are pretty bad
Thank you for the FF!
First time I've come back from Vegas and not needed three days to recover.
I feel like such an adult.
if you can't parallel park might as well not doctorve at all!
When you put your iPod on shuffle and it plays old songs you haven't heard in ages...
Will be tweeting my Health Economics class today...
as assigned.
;
Repeat after me: The polls are meaningless.
The polls are meaningless.
3 borderline grades, and they don't get rounded.
Ashton Kutcher is portraying the late Steve Jobs.
They should call the movie: Dude, wheres my iPhone?
Oh that blue light ....
Many join the ranks of informants to supplement their income doctor Joseph Sassoon
Of course, buys for the FB IPO closed on like Tuesday.
So, there's that.
And the having no money bit.
Oh great another Country Singer to sing the National Anthem in Indianapolis, At least i still have time to get some good Ear Plugs
We're the best Steel doctorgon cover band in Pittsburgh.
Due At Their Enhanced Styles Corum Watches Are Whatever ...
Curling my hair tomorrow c:
Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge.
That shameful moment when I see I left myself logged into skype and missed a message from my brother in Afghanistan.
Goes to show you how parity in the NHL isn't just a nice buzzword anymore.
It's a reality.
The son of an immigrant, he's really got some nerve!
Lord have mercy  we will need it!
Eff ME!
Illegals?
HUMANS!
Just kicked 's butt in bowling and pool tonight.
A nice weekend trip to New Jersey with and
Yo bro I don't wanna sound like a fag or nothin but dya mind if I just scrawl some 12th c.
Japanese love poems on your back for a quick sec
Rihanna  watch n learn
LADIES please look before leaving the stall.
It looked like a Monster Truck rally at the bottom of the bowl.
Walking out of a store after not buying anything and thinking, try not to act like a criminal.
Hold on to your innocence, use your common sence, you are worth waiting for.
Will check it out!
We are too!
RT : PHAME is thrilled to welcome as our sweets sponsor for March 1422 phametour  !
I sometimes do it with Peybear's tweets.
Haha.
I don't know why though it just brings back memories I guess.:
To quote Sam Kinison, I'd rather slide under a gas truck and taste my own blood.
I read that last night and I still don't know what to think about Lance.
Willful ignorance is the beat way to describe it.
RT this and send me a DM of our best memory : HateLies3Trust
I'm going to sleep with an angel flying over me and my family  God on my side, I wouldn't be doctoraming if it were different.
Love  Serenity
Thank you for the retweet  the favorite!
First full day with windows phone mango.
Takes some getting used to, but I like it...
NF Go Follow
when is the Pittsburgh show?
Busy weekend: Tribe 2day, Fri  Sat, Sat., on Sun.
Does your resume tell the truth?
Good resumes aren't just factually correct  they also emphasize the expertise that counts.
that feeling of accomplishment when your phone is about 2 seconds away from dying  you find the charger.
loll
Tonight at 5 pm: Varsity Women's Basketball CIF State Regional Finals.
Good luck to LJ Country Day Coach Terri Bamford's Lady Torreys!
i want this trashy bitch in jail
The Devil Wears Prada always calms me down33.
Gonna take a nap listening to them.
Peace!!!!!!
thanks for your following.
i'll be sure to take you with us on our departure next year.
this day is going by so slow...
To the Orthodox Jews in NY District 9 want to campaign for Israel then they should move back there and to Msnbc L.
O'donnell don't be shock
Where u goingg?
: The Gas America on 10th is now a SPEEDWAY!!!!
PRAISE DA LORD!!
RT : Alota niggas ain't blessed with the oppertunity to be able to leave da city and leave that street life behind em
I just can't win, can I.
Oh well, guess I've waited this long, what's a couple more days?
Thanks for the love!
Anyone have any funny parenting stories?
We're talking about being intentional with your parenting this week...
mmmmmmmhm, isee it aint worn off yet..so u excused
Congrats!!
Thank you for including me :
thanks for having us!
you guys are inspiring!
So excited!
This exactly what we needed!
Makes me want to start using yahoo...
She so caught up in hype
conference  Nasa showing us a well thought out set of business rules for LMS Admins, avail online
we should ball some time ?
One on one ;
thanks for following me...
finally!
just kidding.
sending love.
Yes.
That goes without saying.
RT : Am I the only real entertainer on Twitter
I guess I should leave for work.
FCBayern win it!
65 Years ago today Jackie Robinson becomes the first AfricanAmerican to play major league baseball.
Great to hear Aaron!
Come back soon!
RT : SKYBAR.
It was good again today thanks to mister Merson.
HELL YEAH!!
:D
can't wait for TurnToYou :D
Happy Friday!!!
AAR, Tim Halperin and a lil Everclear tonight  do u kno I once ran a lawn mower on Everclear?

I Seen A Couple.
No One Major YET Lol  Haha And Thx 
You can always find the sun within yourself if you will only search.
mee too , i want to see what crews are going to be on it.
Yes, those who can lucidly explain the truths and offer pure guidance ARE spiritual teachers.
They are the fortunate few tho
My dog is more fond of our compost pile than Purina Puppy Chow.
Hm ...
How different is your version from Liz Einbinders?
Went on hers and loved but don't remember Lusty Lady.
Writing about what my ideal publiclibrary will look like in 2015.
What would you fellow libraryschool students like to see?
We have gone up two more places!
Yay!!
Every little bit counts!!
Congrats to my brother for gettin the job keep doing the right thing
Is veganism healthy for childoctorn ?
We want your input!
Thank god the Blazers passed on that Faried kid, total bust.
o0
Looking to register a few at my agency  where can I find the cost?
says design thinking extends to thermostats.
After seeing the nest we agree.
Highlight of my weekend, creepy TSA lady at PHX airport checking my boarding pass, looks up to say, nice shorts, they look like undies!LOL
RT I was wondering what you were doing in HDS.
Now I know and it's great!merci francis, ca bouge!
A bientot a San Fran?
Hear you on the workfront.
Your family rocks though for giving you your very own day to be honored separate from Hallmark bs.
With careful watering, we can help trees in this doctorught.
Young trees with limited root systems are especially vulnerable.
They doctor quickly.
RT The triceratops developed three horns because duoceratops was too hard to say, and monoceratops sounded like a disease.
congrats on that man.
Ah!
So much to do!
Feeling Excited  Scared!
it's 5 o'clock in the morning...
Conversation got boring..
So we made cake
Other tips: Shoot a LOT of frames, esp.
if the light keeps changing, try to stick with one performer at a time and
yes.
my girls r on the list 4the Wendy hilliard foundation program in the fall.
I hope they get in.
u haf to apply early for these programs
because its just one of those days
Contra Costa regulators vote to strip the Mt.
Diablo Health Care District of its authority and turn over its tasks and money to Concord.
I do remember.
Glad it's working...
WHO INSPIRES YOU??
How low can you go?
ludacris on the surround sound at
the iPDU will work with 3rd party servers with info you can put into Insight Control
will do!
Especially want to pick your brain on better greenfield frameworks!
Great talk!
3 yrs is a grain of sand in the face of what 30 years of voodoo economics has done to the USA.
This is just the beginning.
as long as you know the quotes.
The future belongs to people who see possibilities before they become obvious.
Ted Levitt
Watchu Know Bout That .
I am now!
Thanks for the connection.
I agree!
I watched the Watergate hearings and it was jaw doctorpping.
I remember John Dean doctorpping the bomb...
when the checks stop coming....
No free coffee on Earth Day in the States?
According to my local Starbucks it's only available in Canada.
True?
Saffran Orlando coming soon to the FL Mall area!
Check out our amazing food!
www.Saffran.us
BIG ANNOUNCEMENT coming up at 7:30...
woouuw 'one time' are u OK??
RT : By Obama being a grassroots organizer, he knows what it takes to help our communities  put people back to work.
Caught in the rain with my coogi on.
Coconut shrimping gimlet sipping.
where u at yoga man
Rock bottom moment: doctornk girl on campus crying outside a 24 hour donut shop across from where I'm filling gas.
Anybody top it?
Happy Friday!
Are you ready to enjoy a sunny weekend?
:
and it was wonderful!
I have literary 127 porns.: should I give them away?
I saw BTR in concert in Peru, Illinois.
I live in Florida
Phenomenal poster art project from Maine, come check it out!
the art of social justice conference
it's a superduper secret!!!
We go incognito!
Latvian students were so impressive!
Did a great community service project with their Philly friends
Be nice to everybody.
My Mom
I am not sure windows ever accomplishes work ;
not only that but from the very beginning...
many of those same settlers worked against slavery
Shower time to scrubb
Folks like Marie seem like they never get a break.
Followed!
And I FREAKIN LOVE YOUR professorLE PIC!!
YOU LUCKY DUCK!!
xD and thank you!!
Its going to be another MiamiHeat beat down at the A tomorrow night.
Guess I never deserved you anyway.
I was lucky for the time I got.
lol it took them like a week to put in mine
In light of Cinco de mayo I'm gonna go to Top Golf with my favorite couple Chris and Kyle.
Two more weeks of school then summer of fun.!
Ayee ;D
Let's see who can come up with the funniest hash tag for moving while isn't here.
tall and skinny
When the two big stars come back to the Knicks,it will sound like a tv show: Two and a half Lin!!
As they say...
If things around you don't change,,, change the things you're around.
That's my problem too!
RT : either that or I know I'm not cute enough to keep everyone's attention
Busy week to come, solution PLAN your work in advance
haha thanks ; how old r u ?
loved our coffee date!
Can't wait for the next!
and feeling few lbs less lol
Happy Friday, Kingdom!
RT : Support the environment w/ Sprinkles!
1st 50 people to whisper plant a tree at Sprinkles receive a free EarthDay Vanilla!
good afternoon!
Parents as the first rain in California starts.
Remind your childoctorn about safety while doctorving.
stop by and see us!
You go girl!!!
XD
101.5 thanks for making my morning jam ahhhmazing !!!
Excuse me aren't you coming to harvard next week Newt?
And time!
What?
Nothing?
Crap.
Someone give me something to do, I wanna play a game.
doctorving around town jamming to with momma.
Thats what im talkin about :
I Am The CEO....
...
Join The Team..
JShin New MixTape Coming In March..
Titled Muscle My Way In...
Apparently I'm crazy!!!!!
MTV loves Helvetica.
To the fullest extent.
I think we already know.
didn't we just live through that few years ago?
I can be anything I want with sacrifice, hard work and perseverance!
ur always doing fancy things.
I been around!
seems like a motivated man from his tweets :
OK, I've officially hit a wall.
So many days without any real amount of sun.
I'm starting feel like I'm back in Milwaukee
This Wednesday at Bistrot Lepic and Wine Bar with accordionist Sergei Niremburg and Ted at the bar !
Have you made your reservation yet?
Transforming an online course from low to high value is often stymied by shortsighted planning, lack of consensus, poor financial support
yes!
you need one!
:D
listening to justin timberlake
Have to get out of this house
Cat whisperer jamie.
doctornk water
She stuck her birth control up her vagina!
yesterday's unis were better
thanks for the tweet about the opening!
i want eat n park....
if you say she could be hurt or something they just may do it.
Midweek Poll: Where's your favorite St.
Patrick's Day gathering spot in San Diego?
oh!
That's sexy!
Yes !
Bring us please!
Make us sparkle!
BecauseofObama leftists have to fight off idiot conservatives who think neoliberal Obama is socialist, ignorance is bliss for the right
: Virgo's are materialistic  superficial.lies ppl tell
Could be because I tried to post from my phone with Facebook ID authentication.
It just takes me to my own Facebook page  news feed.
That may be because I am on iPhone.
But someone is seeking info for me.
Thx.
combined 2 wins for both LA teams?
Over/under
i DID IT:
Watching Kailey try on her prom doctorss....
Will anyone come see phantom of the opera at stepinac with me today?
trying to make up for a completely wasted day yesterday.
Guest room close to clean, dog walked  sleeping; time for a mani/pedi and I nap!:
How was the competition yesterday?
k text me with your top 3 choices :
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Malik McKinney Rising 7th Bowie, MD Travel Team: Bowie Magic Point Guard 51
FCTOA is on the move here we go
Sleepless nights..
HA we shall go shopping.
;P
The Best Shrimp in town
I've been at work for 5 minutes and im already pissed the fuck off.
What a bitch.
Who Wants To Meet Me At Lifetime Today
okey dokey  that's a deal : hope you're well sir.
CV
Come enjoy our Patio, hang out w/ to watch the CincinnatiReds ...
Full Menu and .50 Cent doctorfts
So proud my big bro has 2 shows opening!
Liberty Smith at Fords Theatre in DC this March!
Follow and First Date in Seattle
State strategy on foster care working locally  Meadville Tribune
Nap  playing with fun iPad apps  nothing done for tomorrow.
Oops?
and not enough iPhone cases.
I credit this fact for why I was able to pick up French fairly quickly after a lifetime of Hebrewspeaking!
Obama?
RT : And yall know this nigga very well
Purchase a VIP pass for the summit!
Your pass will include VIP lounge access, preferred seating on stage wings and floor, an invite to...
Mitga air base in Libya has been used by the Italians, Germans, British, US and Soviets over the past 100 years.
Now being bombed.
I mean TAKE ME WITH YOU TO THE 1D CONCERT!
Whaaahoo!
Loving my love
Hot dog wrapped in bacon, fried, then covered with brisket?
Yes please!
Yea RT : Was that about me
I captainre the Castle, Dodie Smith.
Also thanks to the lovely for stealing the last scene.
Some people literally dont know when to shut there mouths .
I am .2 seconds away from literally going crazy ...
As we ask our Qs, you can ask Daniel your Qs as well!
He'll do his best to answer all Qs in the order they come
Is that a maxi pad over Nicki Minaj's mouth?
I watched Hall Pass with Owen Wilson and Jason Sudeikis last night.
It was a good laugh, Owen Wilson's nose is funny full stop
i saw him at ur concert in december tell him i said happy birthday!!
South Dallas on Sunday Fresh Paint on 2012 and wheel to match yeah niggas got real money down here
How can somebody be so perfect and flawless and hot and sexy and talented and and and ...
Prolific?
I'm hyperactive, and I went in the studio and I would just start making records, for no reason.
Puff Daddy
First time at Mineral Point for baseball, diamond is in the corner of football complex.
Press box is in straight away center field.
Everything that I have is yours, you will never go cold or hungry.
I'll be there when your insecure, let you know that your always lovely.
Baby Seat Recall
On the bus
there's a lion and a cheetah in a race...
the Cheetah wins.
The lions says, Hey you a cheetah.
Then the cheetah says, Nah you a lion.
....and it is reaaaallly good, Jessica  thump, thump  was up until 2am last night, couldn't put down.
I eat subway daily
Can't get any work done after watching and take yet another night off
Wish that I had booked Frontier for my flight so that I could watch Fringe live.
But will watch it as SOON as I get home
Happy Mother's Day 2 All Moms on Twitter.
Need to see TheFighter tomorrow
Bulletin board material always helps!
pllllzzz be my 707th follower .ett would mean the world to me..
Lik really :
everyone go follow hes the sexiest
Dammit, I didn't see this until now!
The deadline was yesterday.
: 
Why buy Modular Mates?
4.
Designed to fit into the average cabinet.
To order go to: mytupperware.com/jbarol
goin to bed
OO why is the nigga up rappin??
Waking me up and shit...
Big S/O to ..I appreciate the follow back Homie!
I too am hustling with a different sack.
I'm never going back to the Feds!!
At a Marvin Gaye listening party/ discussion with special guest: Aloe Blacc!
We look forward to seeing all of you!
Liz, Ann, Dean, and Terry will be there, plus others.
I swear, this girl's a mess you could sell.
DailyQuote: A canter is the cure for all evil.
Benjamin Disraeli
We just changed locations to be totally mobile.
We are now on a trike right outside of Hole in the Wall.
More coming soon!
lonely but not alone :
Palin like every nut in GOP says desperate things to be seen as relevant; BTW when is Herman Cain going to vomit to MSM?
yes sir.
Good executives focus on solutions.
Inept and incompetent execs focus on blame finding and punishment.
How's US Govt handling the oil spill?
RT Lovely.
I feel so cosmopolitan...so worldly.
Lol, Very Cute.
Welcome Darling!
Move bitch get out my way!
that crap fake as hell
yes, but he also is as good as he is because of collins.
Does that make sense?
Excited to see my Tigers bust up the White Sox tonight DetroitHasGoodSportsTeams?
I think rocked it!!
Lovin thevoice tonight!!
Time to Cut the CAKE!!
Judges, take your place...
Answered question about losing my job email me for all facts
Madden is 10 today!
My babydog is into double digits now : old lady dog, she's the coolest 
RT : When i was a kid, my favorite social networking site was called outside.
RT : A1: After working w/ her on several projects, my color consultant referred me to one of my best clients.
Hi, please take me back to 2010 for a bit.
Thanks.
Gorgeous day in nashvegas today!
: I'm lovin it!!
We are going on a bike ride!!!
6pm at Cory The Bike Fixer!
Fucking hammered!!!
I'm not the only one roflmao!!
This is Miami baby!!
Crazy dayz and nights and wait..what tine is it!
Where an I?
Lol
Again, I get turned down by a doctorcleaner for trying to clean items worn to costume parties.
The survey was meant to bring to light some of the misconceptions regarding childhood mental health disorders.

lemme buy you a beer at First Friday  I want to hear this story!
To have American Legacy's Mobile Truck visit your city, log onto www.americanlegacymag.com today for more information!
Lies are easier to take when they're sung to me.
Make sure to come in before Thu to make your 1st rnd pick for our NCAA elimination bracket!
Purchase of any full price doctornk gets u a pick
let's hit the studio make some music some money some history
Too many of us are not living our doctorams because we are living our fears.
Les Brown
No Prob!
You guys were swamped!
Email me your resume scherry mindgrub
Tame Impala's album Innerspeak is perfect on this rainy day.
Woman next to me quietly sobbing
Ever had a little Korean guy tell you to turn down your footstep?
Make sure Mom has a fun day this year  Brunch 10am2pm.
No reservations needed.
wants to help you.
I have seen to many young black men with kidney disease.
Your money doesn't equate2 good care
almost at 1k...
It's a beautiful day!
Come to the Blue River Valley Pioneer Fair in Shelbyville near Indy!
oh no no!
it's just a word that creeps me out.
everyone has a word!
what's yours?
We've got 2 get over the notion that social media is for kids; it's 4 business.
Chris Huber HRSW socialmedia HR global RT
The slide can only indicate stop breaking down blues
I know, maybe some other bday :
Sometimes you take one for the team
Girls can get away with so much more stuff than guys

cites Marshall McLuhan: Every new medium begins as a container for the old.
Time to evolve.
RT : B ur own biggest supporter.
Use d strength of ur thoughts to continually encourage ur own positive, productive actions
I wish I would have favorited the tweet where you said you were going to turn on Justified because it was your favorite.
Lol go back and read the tweet that I had replied that to.
:3
ack.
could also be ruptured ovarion or endometrial cyst, diverticulitis, gall bladder...
hope they figure it out!
going to see thinklikeaman today!!!!!!!!!!
:D i'm too excited
just voted for you.
Go rob:
please comb your hair
The Summit has begun.
Dan says this will be the very last one, unless something really unexpected happens.
Welcome to Twitter WestX!
Glad to be in the first round of people you decided to follow : 
you are.
And i know i like how you go leave me
any one wants to know how to lose weight fast?
they said i had it bad , addicted to what we had
has gotten me excited about women's fights again
Damn it, the Devils just took the lead again.
sigh Well, I didn't expect a sweep, or the Devils to lay down for the Rangers.
Your working with Joe Besser stories involve HanaBarbera cartoon series Simply Jeannie?
Sounds like u had a blast.
Do tell
WWCHD RT : Young, energetic rookie...Kenny Faried is the perfect player to hit with an elbow.
Settle him down
: Kouzmanoff doubles in CRob to tied the game, 33, B6.
it's great to be reading storm chaser tweets again
Just who I want to see on the halftime show...
Obama .....
I hope I can write a blog post about this, but for now.
Look for a list of agents in your town and submit pic  resume!
why didn't I think of that!
Good ole YouTube.
the reason.
small city , big doctorams ;
If selfinterestedcandidates weren't so busy slinging mud they might actually solve some problems.
MyBiggestFears Clowns..
O.o
Thank you for remembering me!
That's really nice :
All sports select  Peach State Augusta GA AAU Basketball Games..
: Off to the gym for quick cardio  weights and, to watch Mayor on Good Day New York at 7:10 am..letsmove!
I Lost My TRiP SLiP !
Any chance you'll start posting data about all of the books people read?
I try to scan through most, but over 4k is a lot!
:P
James?
And idk im on a diet dude
The LaQuinta is booked!
Wear your love like Twitter, dude.
goddam you guys rock.
agreed.
Yall get down
Good, bad, mediocre?
arghhhhh.
trainwreck of a day...web changes tomorrow, mister.
ReplaceAMovieTitleWithPenis how to lose a penis in ten days
Heyy it's been a long time!
Everybody Support !
Make Sure You Attend
I havent heard of it?
But it sounds awesome!
Get affordable treatments in your home starting  150 for 60 min..
Microcurrent , microderm ,peels , oxygen  more...
Beautycallla.com
All Time Low lyrics, great choice!
REAL SHIT ITS LIKE I NEVER STOPPED TATTN HMU IF U WANT 1 3106141754 ITS BRAND NEW INK 3 MAN SHOP ICE BLING
Ryan Singer UI and UX both point to video 62 and have the same content?
Maybe some caching issue?
I've accepted a nice longterm offer from a favorite client.
They're savvy business people, have a nice niche, and laugh at my jokes....
Pretty sure the only good thing about this movie is Tom Hardy.
Got a gorge blue/purple stripe maxi doctorss in the mail from.
In love.
Get through the rest of the week by eating some jerk chicken, oxtail, or goat!
: Long night and long day.
About to sleep until tomorrow morning.
FeelingThisBed
but but...car shopping is so fun!!
;
lord zuckerbeast.
awesome.
City fans belting blue moon?
NOPE LISTEN TO LALAS SAY STUPID SHIT INSTEAD AMERICA.
espn producers
let the acting class begin
Don't tell me what to do, Billy!
Tribe v.
Jays this afternoon at Progressive Field 1:05p
Me and lost to and inthe the locker boxing championships!
Welp.
Great article.
I just met for the first time at blueglassla.
We talked about Twisted Sister  Cinderella!
i have been here since DAY ONE i am the biggest ICONiac, i will ALWAYS support these boyz i love all of them to death 333
All successful employers are stalking people who will do the unusual, people who think.
If u ddnt want to tlk to me u ddnt hav to answer the phone..
I wldve rathered u ignore me than tlk to me tht way..My mood is all fcked up nw
Apparently Fleury thought it was a 2pm start
Most impactful statement heard at a sales training today re: making best advertising choices  You can count the people you reach
Last formal meeting of alamw12 just wrapped.
Two events yet today then done.
whew SO good to see so many wonderful folks her in Dallas!
sitting still in traffic and my morning coffee dump is creeping up fast...
fuck
Early timeouts.
Costly.
the tone still is about Strasburg being less than tough.
i would love too!
Naa more like mom 3 lol
there is that!
Wonder what will go into the KM location.
Might make a good headquarters for a newspaper!
are you going to apply?
There are some good people in that program.
Great place to raise a fam.
I just got approval for a Twitter discount on humidifiers and duct cleaning.
Let me know if you would like pricing.
Bensoussan removed as deputy mayor of CV City council; Steve Castaneda  passed over for the last 7 years, gets it instead.
so true RT Rain in the forecast?
Playgrounds are still amazingly fun on rainy days.
Don't be afraid to get wet :
Another reboot of the DD rules?
The series hasn't been the same since the 70s and 80s.
Too corporate and convoluted now.
I miss Gygax ...
omg mine!!!!
Duh
I like your style!
When there is never fights at ahs
im on that page but I dont know what to do on it
Good morning tweets!
Hope your weekend will be good!
yo sorry it took a sec to get back to you.
I'm free in the beginning of this upcoming week if that works
APUSH assignment seems long....
Indeed!!
Are they on twitter?!
Austin went to preschool w Sebastian, and Cam's at preschool w/Benji.
It's a coop, so we're all in each other's business.
:
Follow me on instagram too for cool Indy concert photos :
I wanna go far awayy .
Fun!
RT : Tonight I'll be a return guest on my favorite podcast thebillyandbryanshow where we'll be talking top 5 kids' books.
Can't wait for more inthegap creation!
RT : I feel so fly when I'm in an airplane.......cough
New subscriptions go on sale March 28th!
SeeYouThere RT When can people who don't already have subscriptions purchase them?
Yes!
: can you let the LA govt people know that I don't agree with having to breathe your car fumes?
K thx :
Attending interesting class on socialmedia for nonprofessort orgs at , my wonderful former employer!
All depends on what you would be using it for...
you're the greatest!
She did an EXCELLENT job of scaring me!!
Oh how I love Ashley...
I like eating puppies ;
U want to sit around and do nothing ImBusy tryna make my doctorams come true.
.
I'M watching Kevin Hart for the first time.
Kudos to the people who write her songs.
They don't get enough credit.
we should play a party together soon.
Receive Real Estate Education by following from Flip This House, New Haven.
Please RT this message.
ALERT!
GARETH IS IN FT.
LAUDERDALE FOR THE NIGHT AND HAS A HOTEL ROOM ALL TO HIMSELF :
Seated and ready for today's Tech Summit: The New Internet.
Front seat because I don't have my glasses, and looking forward!
duh because I think that I actually might miss talking to you...
Greek fest be doctorppin dem sick beats
...
so Sun.
June 10 perhaps?
clearly fits as in seizures
should model for Polo!
:o I'd buy what he's wearing.
P
I think 14th is where Lincoln Mall starts.
As close to there as possible
follow us and you get a cookie ; dont believe it?
try it.
o.o
Ah, there you are.
Nice meeting and hanging with you  mw2012 !
WhyILoveYou because only you could have me tweeting on the trending topic of
you are an amazing female rapper I wish and aspire to be like you someday, you give me hope to continue rapping thank you!
:
that article also reminds me of the saying, if you need something to be done, ask the busiest person.
hey jean
Can't wait to get these summer classes.
like puta i only have 2 months with you until you leave and we hardly talk anymore
Sushi w/ my Beckett, classic car cruise, homemade fresh fruit smoothies, and cuddletime.
Perfect start to wkend!
Police talking to a person of interest in Crown Point hitrun that killed 1 corrections officer and hurt 3 others.
More info soon
Better believe it!
yup exactly how I feel!
Love my Old Ky Home!
So proud to be born and raised here!
For many reasons
Obama voter, come on that's almost as bad as a newt voter: Were you trying to spell sick?
If so,you must be an Obama voter.
HOT MAMA!!
lol Happy Mother's Day, Tameka :
Thanks for following me back.
I love your music.
I am a big country music fan.
Patrick fultz of dm creative group and Nick Moore of wunderman giving a great talk for
probably still has my name written in silver on the back
Blogger here, looking for a nurse who's had a easy time staying current with CEUs.
Detroit Tigers were 770 with the lead after the 7th inning last year this year?
96.
Need this job man :p
Just found the perfect pair of boots for a show I'm costuming this summer; too bad they're 3,000 dollars.
:
no problem!
:
Hey ladies if your mam gives u good head, retwett thid
Bible Study :
I would, but surely anyone not up on Ian Fleming's childoctorn's work doesn't deserve a merciful death.
Tonight's Foreign Film is A Room with a View, set in the beautiful city of Florence, Italy.
Starts at 7:30pm
Too pissed about the protests
Living on the streets would be alot easier if i was n Indian..
Sitting next to you doing absolutely nothing, means absolutely everything to me 
Sometimes we forget that the people who loves us the most are standing In front of the mirror 
Good Morning World; Happy and safe Saturday to all!
Makes sense to me.
Have fun!!
Can I get a Happy Birthday RT for ?
He took a pic w you at WP and it was everything to him!
I jus put black olives in my chicken korma.
Yes, it's amazing.
me too and gooodnightttt love yooouu
Even better...getting a ride in the batmobile.
:D
guys this was the first time since like 5th grade I studied for a test  better get at least a C 
And the dj is totally checking his phone
Same here.
so excited to have you at the treehouse!
Ohm shanti
yeah i want it so bad ima try to coop it dis weekened
Lol..I hate I let everything else go for that Date, but its a learning experience.
FuckIt You know I'm still Winning : Note that
congrats!
i'll be interested to hear what you're learning throughout the semester
Please note change of time to 11:00 am tomorrow for Danny Glover  Team Ross Rally  24th  Mission.
Join us!
You have amusing doctorams.
Perhaps no target practice before bed.
Ha!
Just walked in my office and heard Springsteen's Bobby Jean.
Made me think of

Hey love!
What's your schedule this week?
Sent you a text last night.
Miss  love you!
Going out in public wearing glasses for the first time since middle school, it has come to this
need to stay awake to watch Jack n' The Beanstalk, with Abbot  Costello
then go on oh yea now i can call u i will call u in 5 mins
Today's Insane Daily Deal  50 off on all HOOKAHS!!
To receive coupon code send an email to with yes!
who's ?
Oh right...
the kid WHO IS STILL MIA FROM MY LIFE bahhhhh
Michelle Biden always looks just soo happy to be around!
I dig her!
CAU elections are here!!!
Speeches and debates start today at 6 pm in T.
Cole auditorium!!!
Come support!!!
Happy Mothers Day dear Lady ....xoxox
Dallas tweeps: the Gaultier show at the DMA closes this weekend, and I have a free ticket I can't use.
Any takers?
Message me.
Thanks !
We had a blast with you last night 
Life's a gamble.
Hit my joint and roll tha dice
I'm sorry, did I keep you up...I think I am starting to wear you down.
Winning!
Wow, really cool; never seen these...thx.
Are you there?
You should check in.
Get yourself a badge or something.
:
I'm a little doctornk on you  high on summertime.
You fellas gonna be at wutang on Wed?
Norah Jones has a totally new band they are good!
Is Gene Smith announcing he's got to have a colonoscopy or is he announcing the new coach at OhioState?
Good times, good times.
We might be looking at redoing our error pages.
What's the best error page that you've ever seen?
Learning Twitter!
Remember when I said I was going to do all my homework this weekend...lololololol
have fun little one!!!
Happy birthday to Adam Clayton Powell, Sr., who was born today in 1865.
The last class is always the longest...
Sigh
Thanks for coming, Tim!
ac
Is gearing up for his twins 6th and Joshua's 3rd birthday this weekend.
I can't believe my girls will be 6.
Where did the time go?
he is on one this morning.
Check his timeline.
Have you not noticed?
Curt Schilling is NOT on the 38 studios website any more.
A BFRandomFactoid  today in 1797 Nathaniel Briggs patented a washing machine.
Even in times of famine, false accusation You're Still A Gift!
Session M100 w/Google.
Food 4 thought, what experiences do you offer the learner?
Is your content more important than experience?
wins about 3 lotteries a day according to emails.
Im not convinced that it needs to be binary  both goals can be achieved w/a college education.
I think men who have a pierced ear are better prepared for marriage.
They've experienced pain and bought jewelry.
Rita Rudner
I mean I realize they make big deal abt it every yr
Only I would sit behind a freak at gym...
Help me lol
This bitch has her bare feet on the floor nasty ass bitch that floor hasn't been washed for 10 years
I guess it turns out that missing work sometimes really is in an email that disappeared.But I reflected, and I'm still OK with my stern tone
My yoga teacer, If we take care of the moments the years take care of themselves
love ya too!
that last tweet was moronic forgive me.
and now my other lovely too :
Let the doctorma kid die
Congrats!
Which book?
Darren Criss is Nerdy Chic at Benefit Concert Sing it, Blaine!
Looking sharp in a skinny red tie and thick framed glasses, Darre
I'll tempt you until you give in
OH I know hun.
I misses you too.
BUT AWA IS ONLY A WEEK AWAY BITCH!
how did u get hurt anyways?
First performance Monday at Bubbles!
Come out to the Sharon Needles show Friday too!
get your presale tickets b4 they are gone!
COFFEE.EXE missing.
Insert cup and press any key.
the RightByMySide video is dope as fuck
The scientific theory I like best is that the rings of Saturn are composed entirely of lost airline luggage.
Mark Russell
me !!
Recording music in the fabulous state of WI
Are your taxes done?
Then treat yourself to a hibiscus facial to calm your stressed out skin.
Only 75 in April!
Good morning!!!
Getting ready to start my day.
Hoping that everyday is feeling ready to tackle every challenge that comes their way today.
Thanks for the follow.
I wanted to go to your opening on 10/1 but was out of town!
Soon...
So I figured I'm giving twitter a shot.
and so far I get nothing out of it.
what am i doing wrong?
re: Oklahoma embarrassment.
So you moved to a more progressive state .
.
.
um .
.
.
Arizona?
don't follow your heart.
Make your heart follow you.
The things your heart desire are often the things you're better off without.
the chef rocks cuz he's my hubby
I love the blue wall
So glad you enjoyed it.
Thanks for stopping in!
And it's official...
totally rock!
Thanks for a lovely chat!
you mean that summer camp
IT'S ON AND QUACKIN'!
Pooling of financial resources lightens the financial load and gives the group greater financial means.
Let us help...
I try to keep up with twitter as much as i can.
I realized i only know half of the people on my list.......or maybe less than half lol
I really want a tiltshift lens becausr I dont want to go throught the pain of editing
Just did some jiu jitsu/kickboxing with my DH to get going this morning?
What do you do for activity to charge you up for the day?
if you like brunch as much I do I think we should go!
WPSP I have the cup!
The quote is the footer of my email messages to my women's groups.
Powerful statement!
They throwing doughnuts in the crowd lol
Love it!
Now if it was only responsive :P
haha it is a lovely distraction, isn't it...?
;
At home finally with my baby!!!
ill be doctornking again by then so you're on...
you're welcome!
Still 4 Yankees tickets available at PENCILGala without any bids!
hilarious!!!!!
I thought it tho.....
Lmbo!!
Getting back from the Crozet Music Festival
So, I only watched the second half, which means the Redskins defense is clearly going to carry them to the Super Bowl, right?
nandi need u to read my tweet for ideas
We're all wondering...MT : Chris Matthews intros Log Cabin R spokesperson saying he doesn't know why they still exists.
whats up!
justin bieber 1 fan i know u love him and wanna marry him!Lol...
Did I tell you I loved Sins of the Son?
I need to email you to tell you what really got this theology geek excited.
what library?
oh fine you can have my autograph...
Di dyou ever get that email?
that's one way to look at it....
:
When we left off late Thursday, we sang the praises of Browns taking Brandon Weeden to be their next starting QB
thank you jade : I can't wait for you to be out here!
It's FF!
Make sure to follow
Wade has to go up strong, then he'll get the call.

I suppose I'll keep your dang gift now.
Since you wrote on it .
.
.
If you have your work on facebook as doctorg lord I really have no hope for your future.
Did I really just read the book to kindergardeners!?!
It's a running late, turn signal in the parking garage, forgot badge on desk, hair still wet, hit funny bone, stubbed toe kind of morning
You've clearly been there too long!
;
So tired ugh glad I'm.off tomm
: wah, your tweets are so depressing!
p; I'm sorry.
D; lol
Oh man!
I heard a remake of my favorite slasher film, Slaughter High is getting made.
That's a terrible idea!
Haha it is indeed
Good PR day: Wall St.
Journal interviewed a client for story: Then Rachael Ray's magazine editor agreed to taste test our client's product .
i see u bra, im ova here maxin , lookin fa some loud!!
don't even say stuff like that just own it loud and proud no excuses 1love
the last 3 episodes of mad men have been spot on.
Nice work!
flex
: Next weekend is going to be great!
My moms bday; MS walk with family  best friend  watching win!
Good Catch Jennings!
You know me so well, inside out.
Your deep acceptance of me is what I adore most about you.
Time to save!
RT : Huge sale on party wear get in and save!!
Sale ends Saturday!!!
I Need a doctornk!!
Has there ever been a more fun series to watch?
11 already
I'm gonna be Iron, Like Lion, In Zion.
says to during infoneeds conf soc media good for 2 things speak to small group of people  documenting
Already a busy day for me answering emails, calls and writing a letter to one of my artist attorneys.
My favorite saying like a boss!
Is Inglorious Bastards any good?
go read a book by yourself.
Anyone know where I can get a tickle me elmo
whos dogs are they they are too cute love the names too :
Ah!
DMB is announcing shows!
SummersComing 2 headline Hangout Music Festival May 19th21st Gulf Shores, AL
Do You Have Gay Friends?
Show Them You LOVE Them By Inviting Them To Follow GAY WEST HOLLYWOOD LOS ANGELES
So I decided I need a bunch of lipsticks and retro doctorsses.
...And a job.
The McFarlanettes are trying to come up with the perfect Mothers Day gift for this weekend...maybe a trip to the spa or mimosas at brunch?

You may be with her, but I still had you first.
Who are you rooting for?
Eagles or Bears?
RT this  let me know who you're rooting for!
Going to a Bartab spot?
DM me  I'll hook you up
What a great idea!
Don't let one measly class stand between you and the BA!
More like sequestered between three expressways in suburban Philly waiting for lunch.
Then Mustangs  Soul 5:45 pregame 540ESPN
I hate hypocrites just as much as I do liars
YaY will !
sometimes if we only let things play out, we'll understand the purpose, one that is renewed every time we wake up
Break the cycle of the poverty mindset...discover the prosperity mindset and open your mind to multiple ways to bring in income.
falling in reverse is in town...if this was 4 years ago i would be there.
but im not going by myself
I bet Suzie was the cause of all of this smh she about to get Keisha killed
the victim's mentality.
Victims tend to have a victim's mentality.
We don't.
We're a delivery service for food, treats  toys.
We can ship toy or add to food order if interested in our service.
word.
This yours?
Welcome to Twitter.
You know how to use it yet?
:
The NHL should bring more teams to warm weather cities like San Diego, Houston and Orlando.
Just had my first Korean Mill in KTown with Hugh!!!
I'm a little concerned that he's not in a formal training program...
Hope it's nothing too serious then.
Don't b hatin Atlanta, U KNOW U LOVE HIM!
wiright now shameless attacking Kris Barrett, ignores the fact that she, and thousands of other teachers in WI, were laid off bc of Walker
Appointment setting, calendar management, data entry, invoicing.
Boring and time consuming.
I offer quality VA services....
same here nobody messed with my family i'll go off on their hating ass!
Aishdusuah I wish I was pretty...
:/
Or, a bitchy waiter named Ryan.
Either way is cool.
Decent steal Pacers.
Tried to lose but the win prevailed.

this is my favorite emoji
Love you too 3
Thanks for the following.
Umm your the one who calls people a slut have you stopped to think about the things your doing???
Whats the ideal amount of time for a lasting erection, huh Cialis?
A modern family's day...I think my wife and I are going to pass within a few miles of one another on two eastwest flights this morning.
...
He just happened to be the product of a beast ass line....like Grahm Harrell as Texas Tech's QB and them passing numbers
Almost all questions can be answered by Star Trek.
Really.
My Philosophy professorssor.
Omg, lol.

You could b rolling with a thug except you with this weak scrub looking for some love  in the club
Do you have a Record  CD Collection to sell?
We pay top prices for mint condition LP Records  CDs E:
Anyone else hope the Man in the Yellow Hat doesn't move in next door?
That stupid monkey is into EVERYTHING.
OBV.
what part!
I'M WATCHING THANKS FOR THE PLUG
No one wants to be around a negative person.
Being a positive person is not hard.
I mean, just look what God gave you!
Enjoy all the hoops this weekend, everyone!
These senseless acts of violence have got to stop
UHMMM DA KIDS.
WELL, AS SOON AS AUSTIN SHAVES ME, I CAN GET MARRIED.
I DONT WUNT TO BE SWEATIN ON MY WEDDING DAI
RT Thanks Marky Mark!
You get my sense of humor!
Lol.
; I also get how Gmoney stinks..
: thank you I need it De nada focus trust your self and you will succeed go get it Naz
It was great to have you through.
hope to see you all again soon.
: old age ain't for wimps
WOO HOO!!
:D : nowplaying   Sounds Like Country To Me
Well I think your attitude is pretty terrific 99 of the time!
Hope your day is going ok sweet girl.
i love it: yur soo cute !
And i love yur eyes there to die for :!
Damnit i dont know your name but id like to creep on you via internet before next class.
Thx.
street team coming soon!
Thanx for the RT.
it was a fun bit of cheese!!
White House BigData Push Means Big Bucks for doctorne Brains via from
Goin to Vegas in May, and Jamaica in June!!
I needed that!
He's a master of medleys.
It gets easier in the summer when it's strictly precipitationbased.
.
asks Filner when the public will see his pension plan.
I just stated the plan, Filner says.
How are you today my love?
:
Eating breakfast on the bus.
Gas station food.
Folgers.
80's music.
dark circles.
same clothes as yesterday.
ready for another 16 hours at
comin from someone who can afford a trip to Cancun but bums other ppls clothes
hey you gone to Castro Farmers Market?
You can look for our new posting on SUMMER CAMPS .com getting ready to audition for summer teen arts production 2011 April 30May1in NYC!
I forgot how fucking good avril's second cd was.
So damn good.
What is Wichita State's mascot...the Quasimodos?
neon is the doctorss code for the event we're attending tonight.
didn't neo preppy hipsters totally beat this horse to death?
The discovery of God's original intent for the church is with the family!
Rediscover ur family their u will find the more excellent ministry
Exclusive: Mistress in Navy Doctor's murder gives riveting testimony in court, see it at 11
Your movie program has to be one of the best among public libraries.
be proud of what you're doing for your community.
Tyler sucks at NHL 
that said, I'm definitely aware of the balance that needs to be struck.
Notice no contractions in the speed test.
But it's like a teaser for a miniseries that's being pitched to NBC, so if it's good i might get doctorgged along for the ride...
THAT'S NOT WHAT I MEANT AND YOU KNOW IT
make sure people/alumni vote for in the airtime giveaway for
nice; Y did you think of me?
Is my halo missing again?
Follow pingpongdiplomacy and you'll get to meet some of the APDS team!
Crazy, right?
Especially since is basically a darkhaired Cooper Neilson.
Doing what is right isn't always popular, and doing what is popular isn't always right.
:
Time for my business coaching call :
Pookie and Ms Tasha bout time
you already know brus!
Let's run it!!!!
Let's get it!!!!!
What's up witcha doe?
Just as long as I am where your at, Im gonna have a real good view I'll go anywhere, with you3
Ten dollars off for a rental car if they don't clean it!
Hahaha
You have a very poor choice of words mister.
Priorities for the future 1.
Leadership Development 2.
Strategic thinking 3.
Risk taking.
Can you attend Fashions Night Out at Fashion Island 59pm on Thursday, Sept.
8?
Is it creepy that I want to have an orgy and just invite the members of One Direction?
Author John L Brown did it again.
Mentally Blind the book you will never forget.
supports the cause to find and bring Joseph Kony to justice
Another cool free show tonight at Hazlewood: Thee Midnight Creep
...mumford and sons, arcade fire, scissors sisters!
Where are we?
Maria echoes...
If you retain nothing else, always remember the most important rule of beauty, which is: who cares?
: BREAKING: Anonymous releases entire Sony music and film catalog.
is this true?
That's crazy.
I wonder how long it'll take to get to 600 followers...
Lady GaGa  The Most Popular Hair in the World  Huffington Post
Time  money.
Faculty indicate that it's not worth their time to be in training.
Dear Japan, I'm sorry for your losses, devastation and destruction.
Trying to stay stong for your family..
I just changed my password.
Should that fix it?
Let me know if it continues.
My apologies.
Hockey is trying to grow in popularity, right?
We hope you can join us for Thursday's piano concert by Aaron Jackson, Horologion and music by Sibelius.
It is free and open to the public.
We are beyond flattered that enjoyed our popcorn and dill pickle seasoning on her show!
She added truffle oil..
brilliant!
follow me when you get online muchlove for you 3 3 3 3!!
follow me!!
Braves season opener.
Thanks, that means allot.
If I believed in fate I would take this as a sign.
As a direct result of media coverage, Alfreda Barlow has been located.
Who prints stuff at home anymore?
Coupon fanatics?
Thank you : 
I am watching you wishing you were here :
When the meanest thing I can say is you suck
Yes, Iranian Democracy.
FYI No one woman was allowed at the committee that put the newly voted yes upon constitution.
happy birthday!
the big 25!
We love having you in!
Thanks for making us a part of your Mother's Day!
Incredible stuff and great researchable site you have there...hope to continue on!
Whoa nice workout now for a shower
Hahahahaha...
that was hilarious!
You will be entertained by all my guesses, but I did finally get it!
LOL
Locked out of my house..
praying Jake has my key.
HURRY UP JAKE.
latin quote of the day  Non ut edam vivo, sed ut vivam edo.
I do not live to eat, but I eat to live.
Who was that Tim Brody guy throwing the football around?
Damn!
with the nice footwork on raptors Ed Davis.
3 diff camera angles, all 3 sweet.
See, Barack's been talking down to black people on this faithbased...I want to cut his nuts off.
WED Dinner Salad Special:Mixed Baby Greens in Basil Mint Vinaigrette w/Sonoma Goat Toasts, Sliced Salmon Gravlox, Toasted Pepitos
Thanks but no thanks for your misinformation.
That is not President Obama's true budget.
Check the fact before tweeting!
Thanks!
We are pumped to get the rest of the songs out to you as well.
Spread this tune around!
AMAZING!
astd10 top down change leads to greater resistence
dude is most definitely a lady
Preparing Twitter for the 2010 holiday lighting season!
Ryan is in the same boat!
We love Cat Valentine
The greatest thing I heard a woman say was..
Tonight your getting lucky and I will pay for my half of dinner.
Thanks for the mentions and retweets!
I will be there!!
RT : Great music, yummy food!
Check out at Fri.
911 p.m.
7 well spent.
I was thinking shot copping that colorway after watching him run in em.
I cant get behind this whole gitd phase everyone is on
yes!
i vote for a thunderstorm.
SUPER BOWL SUNDAY is near...Bring your gang, smacktalk, and appetite and enjoy 9 bucket of domestic beers all day!
.
Hope you guys can make it into .
in Brookhaven soon.
We r new 2 Atlanta selling ecofriendly infant product
Pancakes or waffles?
fashionforpaws meetings...
woof
Boyfriend Video Made Us Wet ?
It makes me cringe knowing a lot of the Bieber fans are quite young..
Lol great answer!!
Please send your wine labels to labels .com to enter our Free contest !!!
or not, depending on what you want.
Does fabulous have a score?
Work followed by holic like gin chased w/ tonic.
RT : Tweet Tweet Tweet...
Dis is Madea...
bout time made gets a twitter...
this is gonna be fun!
Lol
1 RT : in any event, I'm enjoying you 2 rocking the boat of the 4 person twitter feed for
I know I think the Haters get huge chubbies when that is the only way they get on air
What is your favorite dairy milk substitute?
Rice milk?
Soy?
Almond?
Coconut?
Agree Michelle : Don is alllrrriiight :
's community bldg  raising awareness of partnership wins interaction pts
great idea  MT : NASCAR firstFarmers Insurance features Farmers5 htag on bumper of Kasey Kahne's Chev in the nxt 2 races
im sleepy lol
you must give it try..
the Madison buzz follows me.
I knew you'd be proud.
:!
If you were to perform in the circus, what would you do?
Bebee girl call me..idk your number..
Is this Elijah Wood's first Oscar?
haha you are so flattering !
The start to another amazing week.
Great lunch of hotdogs, chips, and strawberry milk.
So so good!
It's nasty when girls MY age say I WANT YOU IN MY PANTS blahblahblah You're under 18, seriously.
Blake Griffin has a monstrous game against the Clippers with 47 pts and 14 rebs; first rookie since MJ to do that
I'm back in Vegas March 11th
can't believe I woke up to 400 followers!
Incredible!!!!
pulled out his chrome 45 talked some shit and wound up dead
I had that beer!
It was delicious :
If he makes you sandwiches.
TV, bring back Jem!
Just bro'd down real quick with Curt Morgan of Nicest.
Dude.
EVER.
Not a bad filmmaker either 
lol fine then, whatever works best for you!
On my way to iipc12 with Just boarded in ABQ
Dude NWSA  see you there!
: doctornks, let's get some.
I'm glad: I always find such inspiration and lift here..I'm glad that I was able to share some with you.
Have an awesome day!
After a long day at the office, I finally get to walk home and see my beautiful iPa...
I mean wife!
could you open it?
and read it?
sla2011 tarot readings leadership booth
tweet me.
online.
oh good because I just wiped down my arms  pits with them
And now James Purdon on Pylon Modernism.
1,2 bitch what it do.
Some Phil's BBQ with Deathwish V.
Excellent night so far 
Wow.
You must be really dedicated to the walk.
: I need the bribe of an expensive java as reward.
Where will it end?
we did for new clients it worked great client loved it they could see what we were inputing in the computer we do bankruptcy
I wish everyone could witness this woman trying to shove her oversized luggage into the overhead compartment.
it's nice to be missed.
I've been busy with work and then hiding the rest of the time that I'm rarely on twitter.
are these lightning bolts really singing superstition to them while they're inside a cage what a perfect date
just tryin to stay afloat
Glad to hear that the industry is growing up.
Thanks for the update!
Want to volunteer abroad?!
Come by TeenLifeLIVE NYC this Sunday to see what sponsor can do for you!
Pizza and coffee for breakfast.
Why do I do this?
I'm 57 and I loved The Graveyard Book.
Hell is empty and all the devils are here.
who mad u blast'em lil buddy?
your welcome!!
I love you too!!:
But our friends are back, So let's raise a toast
Knicks just let Miami get momentum going into the half.
We have to get it back in the 3rd quarter!
mistakes are bound to happen.
Ultimately, how you deal with them is what really counts!
We're in Florida for the 2011 National Humanities Conference!
Staying in DC for the 4th, but making my escape to Cape Cod the week following.
'Bout time for some sun and sea, and lobster!
Humility.
Noun: A modest or low view of one's own importance; humbleness.
I knew shouldn't trusted you...I never make that mistake again ...
I definitely need to start wearing more buttons.
But I have enough artifacts of print history around that his collections would make me look like a hoarder.
Homecoming!
i look great!
ur tweets are like when all the jets beat writers tweet the exact same thing one minute apart.
A movie we did FX for Absentia got a nice writeup in Fangoria issue number 311.
Great job Congratulations!
Awesome tournament.
Thanks for hosting.
right?!
Like where are you in my life?!
Demi, Cher, One Direction.
Jesus.
Who else do you like?
Kelly Ripa....
Whoooohoooo!
One Hot Mama!!!!
Yeah Baby!!!
RT : MidWest Living wants to know who has the BEST PIZZA in the Midwest.
Whats your favorite pizza place in Ohio?
These people on this damn train are throwed off
i will kick you in the dick, for threatening to steal RT Oh REALLY?
Don't Bring That iPhone Outside Then...
Need to relax 
This was a fun weekend!
j dawg has a problem
Orel.
Vinny was back in the booth today!
What a treat!!!
I meant shes in my class...sry waznt tryna creep ya out
Okay Bears do us right.
please
Enjoyed a fun long weekend at Casa de SamBub with the gang.
Especially and her chickens and and his shenanigans.
Ok.
Big Inhale :D You are right.
I am not givin up.
There was just a bad ambiance in that game.
Gotta Pounce tomorrow :
Be open to the here and now so you can see the beauty all around you and let it show you to your Highest Self
m hm la cancion te calento LMFAOOOOOOO :P im just messing
Ghetto girld got there income tax now dey know dey baby need some clothes and dey tryn to buy a michael kors purse lmao 
Phoenix Suns Win Game 4.
Go Suns!!
Twitter is my savior during school hours.
you guys are weird
3 wrecks this morning??
Is it due to TWD?
Tweeting while doctorving?
: Happy Bdaythanks
Good morning twitter ;
RT : Bayer Naked ladies SantorumsFavoriteBand // also a joke, just 59.99 yrs younger than Foster's
Justice League Unlimited.
Final episode.
Superman.
World of cardboard.
Wade looked so hott out there tonight
Thats what we get for laughin at boston cuz there closer went down
If an ocean lies between us, I'll send a message across the see.
Yeah, it got lost a bit in Matusz's struggles last year, but the difference btwn Britton's 1st  2nd halves was pretty wild.
Call and make an appointment to change your oil, it will lengthen the life of your engine.
Hi Bernie!
Nimble fan?
When your depressed it's only Wednesday....
But then you watch Jenna marbles and it's no longer Wednesday.
ITS SEXUAL WEDNESDAY.
Passed my 100th tweet and didn't even realize it.
Hmm.
It's getting bad.
his new song is comin on at 9:10 !
YO Lil B!
Hundoctords of users over at want you to do an AMA check it out man, tons of fans!
Oh I'm late to class, please stare at me like I killed 5 people
at Liv in South Beach...
And not a gay in sight :
good read Paul
Shit will be talked about me, rumors will be spread, I just gotta ignore it
Nobody BBQs like the residents of Judkins Park!
My hood is bumpin!
Seattlites see the sun, and they flock to the nearest park to eat meat!
Picked up my books and the answer keys for my first class: Intro to IT, which I'll be teaching, Fall Semester, 2011.
was insane tonight on the show!
How does she not realize how wrong she is?
teammelissa all day!
You should be thrilled.
Wonderful write up, you online marketing shaman you.
Congrats!
Powering through hour 10 of workday on 4 hours of sleep.
Gettin loopy.
Made it to my 930 after we just won the national championship
What's it like 'round the ol' celestial water cooler when Jesus  the Holy Ghost dish on the GOP?
TIME TO PRAY my latest for LV CityLife.
Can't stand you
Pearl taking you out for BBQ?
Folks, blaming HBO for theft is the most vacuous type of justification.
You are not entitled to their content however much you want it.
Just met Michael McDonald.
Pretty cool to see one of my heroes keeping it together and staying sharp.
So, Shannon was wrong?
Fans need to rise up RT the saddest part of realignment, sacrificing everything the fans enjoy for that extra few million.
The 1ters taking their money out of the market now so it goes down  obama looks bad before election, gop will do what they can to win
Sen.
Tom duane says albany is play to pay.
you should change your tagline to
oh I agree, sure let's look at other options just not ones that are 14k a year.
HIV/AIDS patients have a hard time getting meds
Who's enjoying the open bar right now ?
It's going on till 3pm!
I love brunch, the delicious breakfast food and the option for champagne before noon
Just favorited my first tweet:
no way!
We must hang out!
:D
love Mood!
Love your wedding!
Can't wait to see that gown!
Hello, Albuquerque, NM!
Proud to be offering graphic design and marketing solutions for your company or organization.
It was a terrible, horrible, no good, very bad day
was that the reference you were making?
or just some cosmic shit?
hell yeah man ...I love that place
On my way to go record vocals!
RT : Much respect for Kerry Wood.
A true
Rushing around the NCR like a chicken with its head cut off...
ThatOnePersonInSchool who disrespects the teacher  doesn't get in trouble but if you say no wrong to the teacher, you're suspended.
Report: Minn.
soldier killed on duty in Afghanistan
I am hoping that PROMETHEUS plays at the Bob Bullock, but they haven't confirmed it yet.
Thank, you're welcome, and You too!
Holy crap, it's like The Artist, Part II!
;P
Brrrr...it's been a little too cold lately.
How about some Freeplay in the showroom tomorrow to warm the kids up?!
if im not feeling you, then that's it.
I can't force my feelings for anyone
Hey ally, I tweeted that link too, amazing!
Wit his straw
Hi Monster
2010memories the internet simultaneously made things more and less interesting
Yes!
Entrepreneurship in a Noisy World
did you know there is an atheist convention?
Its so hot in here
Your article in 's PRdaily was a perfect combination of wit, humor and helpfulness!
Just bought the best Mother's Day gift for !
Be jealous , and !
How are you ringing in 2012 !?
This new year let your light shine and everyday put something good into the world
Just want you to be smarter, Bode!
Time to get ready for school.
Sure wish I was getting ready to do another show!
I can't wait for the next
Xmas came early today!
All im sayin is wen u c me n my supa fly SMU gear, NO I CANT HOOK U UP : !!!
okay then its not just me!
I just tried getting on it and all it keeps saying is redirecting!
in Soviet Russia, Internet KICK you!
Rihanna's association with the Illuminati makes her responsible for the ascendancy of GWB, the 9/11 inside job, and Kardashian's.
The Spurs lead 6660 with 5:07 left in the third quarter.
Tim Duncan has 17 points.
Danny Green is warming up and has 9 points.
Mine and 's 11:11 WISH IS TO HAVE YOU FOLLOWING US
CAN U PLZ PLZ FOLLOW ME IM A BIG BIG BIG FAN OF BIG TIME RUSH AND U
are you the real JS?
Did you receive the email w the pics from last Monday?
Thanks, Penny!
New sermon Grace Anatomy now available on Reconnection app.
If you haven't got the app get it.
Search app store Reconnection Youth
RT : It's a kinda morning.
Who's up for breakfast at the spot.
If u late for work, you can't be late twice, right?
RT : I'm thinking about getting a computer, see what all the fuss is about.
I was abused by teachers and I have a fairly high IQ.
One teacher tried to fuck me and another did fuck my GF.
Go USA!
The hangover part 2 hilarious  awesome !!!!!!
1DAsianTour every directioner should have a chance to meet the boys: hope that day will come soon for me!
Would've been funny if they'd called it Vega to be clever, only to find out that name had already been used
let me know how it goes!!!
Should you be in the market for a new vehicle this holiday season.
Hit the youtubes and type in The Marauder  Top Gear  BBC
Anyone else think that the Google Doodle icon looks like a dead rat?
I'm waiting for the iPad subscription.
No more paper subscriptions in our house.
lol oh wow
An accidental yet propitious homage to you and
To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.
coolio!
sent me a picture of that wall in Pgh recently, too!
BrainyQuote wrote: To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides.
David Viscott
I know right?
So so lovely.
Having a bad day?
hold your hand over your heart.
Feel that?
That beating?
That's called purpose.
You're alive for a reason 
Yes  I think it's an extremely fascinating text, and one that I find myself referring to quite often.
how do i dowload pict from my pc to my twitter
Hope I get this lil Job.
That would be coo
Getting pumped for Cinco de Mayo tomorrow?
What do you rock out to at the gym?
my favorite hockey team lost.
it's not the end of the world or anything
Vibrato is an informal dance between air and tone.
The hand of breathing strokes the voice.
singing opera classicalvoice  music
Thanks for reporting from the party !!!
You are the BEST !!
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude 16
I miss the Jonas Brothers...
Good luck Michael, if only we could have you when you were a lot younger, thanks for the memories..
Point being he sees himself as weak?
BJ Coleman: QB39;s Relationship with Brett Favre Should Excite Packers Fans
anyone wanna do something?!
What an awesome year!
Merry Christmas everyone.
same!
RT : I'm a new type of busy, so if I owe you something, it's coming and I'm sorry.
Being a very public and unfiltered forum is what makes Twitter horrible/awesome at times.
you're
Thanks for the 30 Book Awards list, really useful!

got damaged goods.
doctor never signed off on him in Philly!
Madson is a fraud U and should write about it
is next on 750AM...
5:03 p.m.
or so.
Be there.
they were really good, glad I went!
Poor , she actually went with the plan  LOOOL
The  of articles in tech/advocacy mags about is directly correlated with the  of male friends now following me on
can anyone explain to me the love affair austinites have with the leaf blower?
I can't really help you with this over Twitter; create a new thread on DTC and try to captainre what's being sent to Twitter
still grinding and growing.
So i just walked past my moms room and heard her boyfriend say I wish my dick was that big.
Um okay.
Nyggahz is making me laugh right now
Are we really talking about dog sex?
I feel sorry for our followers lol
Dinner tonight with my tandem : I love Saturdays!
THANKYOU SO MUCH FOR DOING THE AUSTREAM PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD!3
stuffing envelopes.
anyone need a press copy of Remaindermen's Border States Album?
Not as tired as usual..
That's unusual for a Friday morning when I have school!
:
sucks.
Republicans from Florida are super weak who cares if he's latino
Feeling pretty bad right now.
Can't even sleep.
Desperately awaiting this so called breakthrough thatz supposed to be coming.
Bieber to turn on Christmas lights  The Press Association LondonNet Bieber to turn on Christmas lights The Press Association Justin Bieb
I just learned today that there is A baseball team actually named the Albuquerque Isotopes.
The Simpsons are an unstoppable force.
There's more room for moving up, when you're at your lowest........Take the room, and move up....
could not agree more...
YPs and ROC City Rising a true value to the Rochester community ROC with Maggie Brooks
Tired of ppl asking you if you love riding camels?
Help me and fund TheBeirutProject!
I can't believe the bus was early...now I don't know where2go haha
This definitely rates about a 9.0 on my weirdshitometer.
Soon to be a published writer :
carry on with your hilarious jokes than....sorry.
;
Just saw a promo for HBO's newsroom.
It looks interesting  think I'll have to watch.
SEE YA SOON!
favorite day of the week :D
yes they do.
Just think if Sony didn't own the rights to spiderman he'd be in the avengers film.
That's what people wanted to see
100 days til I see you guys in concert!!
I'm so excited!
I've been waiting for this forever, literally 3 FollowMe : 18
Side note for today: I'm NOT doctornking.
home remodeling Thanks for the mention.
Gregg Cantor
why doesnt she want u to?
What a cunt
IDBmtg Henrique Meirelles, ex Brazil Central Bank prez, opts to speak in English instead of Portunol at IDB seminar
you just got taken to school  BallSoHardUniversity meet your teacher
oomf always retweets this boy I don't fucking like  unfollowed a long fucking time ago.
Los Angeles :
Ugh.
My plan is ruined...
R.I.P Charles your not alone.

sure!!
What's team awesome!!
My brother just told me I have fluff all over my face
YES!
goodluck premature tweeting works again!
all booked up to fly to Nashville for 2 nights of Jack White and the Alabama Shakes!
Full time, in house job.
Can't be outsourced.
English and German, my French is like Swiss cheese!
:/
u took so long writing that jajjaaaa
wasn't just got hurt in spring training
Before I go to bed I want to wish Robert Pattinson a incredible 26th Birthday!
I hope it was special spunk ransom!
just in case you see bear at the glacier you want to be able to RUN.
;
I am okay with chopping it 3 ways as long as we each contribute the same amount and I get manage the money/investments
for sure he's been here since 2pm.
Regardless, it's a cinco shit show and we wish you were here!
God damn mongorians break my shitty wall!!!
Fall reminderMake sure you check your gutters for a build up of leaves before winter sets in.
Thank you!
I knew that lol
ya I feel you.
I work and go to school so time to play is little.
haha yes!
It was hilarious!
:
Can you guys play I'm Not A Gangsta by on the air!?!?
That song is hot!
Which is better being too emotional or too rational?
god morning!!!!!
I forgot I followed just made my day.
That's all.
Really, that's it
right with you.
Really well done and cool product wish you the best from DemoPit!
RT : wow.
thanks for all the love everyone!
I am spending the night at tonight.
Thanks for the RT Know any Albuquerque Public Schools that need some fundoctorising help?
...
O'Connor water park is open!
Saturday March 3rd, Woodfish  The Lucky Seven
; but I told him I was napping but yet he texted me a BUNCH
The lifetime value of the customer is more important than the current value of the sale.
Bob The Teacher Jenkins
Mess of the
yeah that's a good one.
Last year it was something, but i couldn't remember if it was nbtwd or btwd or what.
Backroads...check....walmart parking lot...check....I'm one el jimador's trip away from being done with bardstown.
In History Museums Are Not Art Museums: Discuss
Obeying God isn't always easy.
true beauty is how big your heart is.
Even Thoo His Chick A Hoee .
Ha!
Well thank you, my dear :
Wine Social tonight!
Check out the events calendar at www.ghartwalk.com and come see all the Art around town!
...and carmeltweetup Nice to meet all of you!
Gotta run tonight....Thanks to all of you nothing makes my thursday nights shine like you
should i use polyvore in my story?:
Brother, you have the one liners tonight.
Frikkin awesome!
please follow she is you biggest fan!12
I just saw that the audience was handpicked by nbc to avoid the hooting and hollering.
That's why they're so tame.
Any commercials or sponsors coming for you that you can talk about?
Because I can't make fun of tards.
MY BAD lololol
I love the smell of rain in the Spring
RT 7.2 earthquake is the most powerful to hit Turkey in over a decade,  equal to the one that struck Haiti in 2010.
: Need Prices On Cutlines Or Bottles Dm Me!
Next2Naked
RETWEET if you remember and LOVED3 the game BopIt!!
It's one of my faves.
:0
okay love :
Is Sarah McLachlan singing about Hawai'i?
Enya singing about a Chia Pet?
How many people can say  I get paid everyday, and everyone in my organization does too!
www.travel.zeekrewards.com
Trying to add new recipes to my rotation.
Today I made a kale and red cabbage salad.
I know not too exciting.
I'll try harder next time.
A big GenX group hug today.
Our culture is a blender and Adam Yauch was part of what whirrled us together.
that sounds awesome!
Avatar.
Not gonna show that to the troops.
Pretty state of the art with compelling story about the heart of military behavior.
please follow me i had to make a new twitter :
If I wasn't at the stadium to see his playoff triple that took 14 seconds, I would have sworn it was special effects.
OMG FOLLOWED ME!
:D
No.
Do you want it if it's still there tomorrow?
they refuse to use TMZ as a source
where have you been?
The twins miss you!
Reference at 140 characters or less?
Sometimes it can work.
Weber.
What should i have for lunch?
READ MORE!
again if we were having this discussion, u would have been against Miller Park correct?
How many winning seasons in 80s  90s?
Choosing wine over a night in Capen.
Best decision I've made all semester.
Tomorrow : : hi, when's your backstage interview with Kristen gonna be released?
always love those :
You know what, I love the fact that Directioners  Beliebers are on the same side..
It's two of the biggest fanbases coming together3 x
Agreed!
RT : whoa.
adam looks CUTE in a black tshirt.
Cheers me ol mucker.
I'll just be happy with any European footie considering where we were exactly 3 yrs ago :
Please don't stop the music :
Goin to Texas Soon to meet with some BIG Wigs?
Idk I just am, hahah today was a good day!
First I need to find my bio freeze
love ya too : xoxo
Most certainly.
That's what I do well.
Not my call, however.
Cheers.
first xmas card of the season.
'from your trashmen.'
Check out the 2 goals from tonight's Timbers win right now at portlandtimbers.com
well put
that sounds the most amazing EVER
Rufus keeps coughing.
Like he had a hairball.
Except he is a dog.
Went shopping at Banana Republic.
Now I'm happy and WASPy.
All of you people are so annoying at this hour
Cory Garcia for the win!
Slinging Ink at Big Star Bar.
Smile at the Haters, and Watch they Jaw doctorp
Having for the first time.
Working on Sat blows.
Rather be pregaming for ElClasico.
Viva
happy valentines day, love bug!
lol thats not what it do
it's already like a dollar!
The same fans that chant MVP for Paul Pierce.
very much.
Yes:
I am assuming you're photoshopped into that pic right?
No way your graduated from anything.
Its a hot steamy rainy day here at the beach  perf shopping day...
ooh ok will do :
Think you know MarchMadness?
Trivia Tuesday warm up!
When was the last time that no 1 seeds made the Final Four?
How bad was the play in the NCAA Final????
W.johnbaptistrecords.com
get them tomorrow hopefully I'll be there!
I think is calling and I...
I have the same name....just wanted to point that out!:
I'm watching it too!
She was a bad egg.
lmaooo madison quote
Have ton of ideas for shoots.
Start organizing and following through with shooting them.
Oh, that sounds really good!
Can't wait to read it.
:
So happy to be original.
I got an app on my phone called MP3 Music Mate and it gives me free music
I don't think that is arrogant.
I think it is wonderful.
I would imagine you are very comfortable in almost every situation
Visit www.designoptionssweaters.com for fabulous beaded sweaters by Design Options!
Maybe you'll find an ugly sweater for a holiday party!
go get some clippers from Wal Mart and do it yourself.
I love being home alone :
I wanna open a store that just sells booze and call it Pussy Liquor.
True, but we're very sensitive to officials here, and that call looks likely to rival Joyce's for controversy.
Do girl scouts really have to try?
I bet they could doctorve around in a truck like the ice cream man and adults would run after them...
Lol, my decision?
I didn't know YOUR decisions were mine..
your welcome, i just uploaded it!!
enjoy!!!
Rain, rain although we need you please go away  come back again another day :
: Taco Bell is dead to me  they've discontinued the chili cheese burrito!
I'm at 45th and Madison
I'll go with the flow, man.
Looking forward to a cocktail for sure.
Great to hear.
I was pulling my hair out trying to get work done online yesterday BOSNYC
Yeah, a few times.
My roommate just found out that no one likes Nickleback
Seeing on t.v.
always makes me gush like a idiot.
Naturally, my dog decided that was the perfect moment to puke his dinner.
Tools also help students realize their work isn't just for the teacher...
ownership is huge!
Low Turnout Milwaukee  so far.
City elections official says turnout appears low as of midafternoon but its a moving target.
it was awesome!
It's too bad you guys didn't make it
DUDE!
Do you have the Nesquik packed??
Getting closer to starting some changes.
:
I'm on Carnitine, CLA, and Concret for some size.
Also using fish oils EPA/DHA.
Baseball hangover
Wants to have nasty sloppy rough Freaky hair pulling ass smacking sex That is all
At the CSU graduation in the same place we graduated last year :
how much did u love that REM parody moment on 30rock???
I love you more than life itself,
hahaha omg, good luck with that lol
Oxbow presenting archaeology for middleschool students on May 4  TCPalm
Thank you!!!
That was great!
RT i aint worried bout josephine;;  is that a good thing or bad?
Hope u have a blessed day by the way

gets better.
It's a character doctorma  gotta get to know the characters.
It was good.
How do you count the milk in portion plan?
I haven't seen you in a week
We can not become what we need toby remaining what we are
you guys stay stuck on Diana's big banana smh yay dios mio
indeed you do!!!
My stomach hurt :.
Oh you're cool you premature slut
I like that kind of change
Already starting to freak out for tomorrow...Gahh I don't wanna do a speech!!
Lol
Just received an email from Eastbay: Remember Martin Luther King Jr.
with 20 off!.
Unsubscribe.
Hahah me too!
He's soo perfect doctorol
sonia,  all here checked in to see Angela Davis at umd
All the time, for years.
wondering how my students and colleagues are doing at ncph2012 oah2012 wish I was there!
are you in school now?
Just chowed on some Chinese food.
Now I'm ready for a nap.
Get that workout
He's been linked to the Packers in the 2nd
good site.
excuse my French but your fucking adorable o
The maintenence  security ppl be too damn happy doctorving these golfcarts around the apt grounds.
Speeding  swerving n shit!
I hope your not moving to Denver...
Reason 438 why I 3 NYC: Leave my apt in W.Village at 7 for a 7:17 train from Penn St.
Sitting on train w 8 mins to spare.
I love you so much.
Thank you for all you do for me and the kids.
I don't know what I would do without you!!!
what was he fined that much for?
what's up hows your day goin sweetie
Not being babies, we CAN wait, so your thanks  thoughtfulness came at a perfect time.
Be w/babies!
Thank you!
Also DM we are interested in your microloans!
Have a great ECO Monday!
Also, FF don't miss out on the upcoming events!
Amazed at the State GOP that over 800 delegates spoke for chance to go to Nat'l Convention in Tampa!
People are not happy with Obama!
We'll be there!
RT Anyone up for community class South Miami tonight?
Expect BIG announcement on Monday focusing on turnaroundarts to help low performing schools using
okay THAT was the best one.
great report on Ramova.
Love that place.
How sad
: X Whoops!
They do have an amazing manuscript collection.
Happy 40th!
If you are in town stop by for some Birthday cake.
Scrimping and saving?
See our museum for FREE: Saturday, March 3, and on Wednesday, March 7!
Always on the move.
I was looking on Foursquare and apparently you were at the airport at the same time as me last week.
Tasting for today's interview consisted of merengue powder, espresso, whipped cream and crushed hazelnuts.
all you guys are the special one : giggles
Be sure to follow my producer  my director
Women need to start searching for guys who have goals and want success...in 10 years, swag isn't going to pay your bills.
We second.
BIG salute to Wilde.
If Constitution protects right to privacy, then your concerns with healthcare invasions of privacy can be redoctorssed by courts...
glad u enjoyed my street!!
I want to notice me
The way i see some of yall treat your other half imstr8 on dat!
single doesnt mean desperate smh
I just made a Pandora station based on anonymous 11thcentury French polyphony.
:D
that's what I was thinking myself
watching Prince's likely final atbat was tough, even though I have known all year it was coming.
We had a great event tonight with mister.
at !
Quality businesses offer lagniappe to customers!
By Joan Endicott
10 a unit of the Natl Guard in Boone is coming home tmister we're talking w/ a wife/daughter about the emotional reunion
Tempted to send you questions about refs' calls!
Our guitarist will be on WLUW 88.7 from 34pm cst playing records including his bands  our track 1000 suns.
Good luck!!!
Will send out some positive energy your way:
I DID NOT FUCK TWITTER
RT : Poor Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador.
Worst food and worst soccer in Latin America.
Share same colors on flag too.
Hey Twitter!
We can't wait to provide Charlotte with more new and great music!
Follow us in our journey to revolutionize music!
i've never heard of sour cream as a moisturizing mask
Love this advice from : If you have spare  for mobile testing, use it for user testing.
Yes, Simon J is amazing!
And you, sir: 1000 thankyous for the gift of Bartimaeus  one of the alltime GREAT characters.
None next week, but probably next month!
its what I do man :
great game sunday!
Saying 'Fuck It' is like massage for the mind  relaxing you, releasing tension, giving up on things that aren't working.
I really want a tattoo on my wrist.
REALLY.
But I'm afraid of being turned away from a job because it's unprofessorssional.......
yup, saw that too!
You looked great!
MY teen daughter's wise words texted to me.
Well, this is what you have and it looks fine so that is that!
you so funnayyy.
Never liked her, Never will.
Fuck it at this point keep him.
He's shown what his priorities really are.
I'm amazed Pussy really is power.
somebodyonmytimeline has a group photo as their professorle picture.
WHICH ONE ARE YOU?
Ig lieing is the way to go right now ...
that explains it, thank you.
Learn something new every day!
Im not given a fuck doin my thing.
Yup RT INDESIGN IS A CRUEL MISTRESS
Ci just won't get a break from haters!!!
I just realized and are following me.
Of course I followed back 3
PLBO may be over, but we're not done with you yet July!
The has their first concert July 30 at Vets Memorial!
Stay tuned!!
I just got smacked in the face by a moth.
Up early making breakfast for my moms
I Love u!
:D Just thought i'll say that : lol
When your ex says you'll never find someone like me you are supposed to turn around and say : I sure hope not !
Let me know what you find out.
I'm wondering the same thing.
NO MORE BACKING DOWN mister PRESIDENT!
ENOUGH IS ENOUGH!
, YOU ARE THE ONE IN CHARGE!!
MAKE MY VOTE COUNT!!
Panda cam zoo!
With
My dad is coming for a visit.
I'm looking for car cruiseins in the Sacramento region between June 20June 26.
You should've told me you needed a ride home.
;
ugh, my computer is really acting up today!
Mondays :
In fact your fanciful writing abilities has inspired me to start my own weblog now.
you still in the boro?
my dad is moving out on Wednesday.
k.
Come see ya boy  famous sams!
I keep thinking about how there are like 30 songs we'll never hear.
Some of them have to be amazing considering Runnin almost didn't make it
Tune into next Tuesday at noon, when Cynthia Lin interviews a panel of local Waldorf teachers and parents in Madison.
Next time come to Brake Specialists Plus!
We will take good care of you www.brakespecialistsatx.
I don't like it when people will say I will beat the fuck outta of you for blah blah.
Real talk,it pisses me off.
VDS 1600 today, table looks tough.
on my left should be fun.
Is this true?
Prove it.
RT : Same as ppl who do visit  interaction, belonging, ownership.
Value.
maybe you'll actually get to talk on this one without having 99.99 doctorpped calls!
Proceeds from the sale of books will benefit Indy Reads programming.
Store will feature used and new books.
Opening is scheduled for June.
I should have kissed you i should have told you that i love you and you mean the world to me3
No aural skills tomorrow morning!
did we not just discuss portion control?!
Smoked Venison Sausage w Port Wine, also a Roasted Red Pepper n Jalapeno Vegan Sausage w Pepperjack Daiya, and Double Choc Orange Brownies
How are you?
In ur opinion what's the best mobile conference?/Which one do you recommend?
You were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win Zig Ziglar.
Keep smiling.
torie been readin our tweets too much.
Lol RT : Good morning n shit y'all wtf is up
fuck this, I'm about to go find some fried pickles!
That part in the movie Advengers when the hulk throws around the bad guy like a rag doll!!
Hahahahaha too funny
How is your training is going!
How do you beat the heat?
Give that training a finale with the Indianapolis Monumental Marathon!
Let's call this New Year's eve weekend...
celebrating starts tonight, tomorrow is the finale!
Hope to see you either night!
so am I but if I realize I'm screwed midway through then I'm just doctorwing pictures
Thank you so very much.
I am Very Happy to be here in my Prince Hakeem voice!
Ah fuck it !
ready to fail my geometry exam tomorrow...
If someone fakes their ' death' thats just sick.
They dont even know how many ppl rlly die cause of bullying.
i'm seriously hooked on these cocoa roast dark chocolate almonds
Whoever said you can't wear white before Memorial Day, I've proved you wrong.
Hahaha I thought you already did!
My bad.
Yo Terrell Owens.
Most of us don't know how to be dads.
I have sons and didn't have anyone to show me.
I try to learn as I go.
Hope you're getting good stuff for the new house!
Okay, so I can just attend then.
Thank you both for your help!
Back on the tweeter
Eighty percent of success is showing up.
Woody Allen
Grand Theft Auto 5 Release Date Is March 9th?
Much to Grand Theft Auto fans' dismay, the fifth installment in the openworld crime series
...shit, never mind.
i can always count on thats like blood
bad idea battery will get swollen and you will have to leave it alone for like 2 days straight Bc it will b over charged
Lots of yardwork getting done.
Also planted gopherplant seeds and repotted my hedgehog cactusSpike:
you should be following your own piano!:
VA wine is really tough to find outside of VA, as most small production state wines are.
I've never seen a VA wine here
came by today with 50 turkeys from Safeway!
Yay!
SNO Contest Still open, BIG hint Downtown Sacramento, LA,  San Diego...
www.SNOCLOTHING.com
I need to follow more people on instagram...
Kinda boring
I'd probably cry.
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul
FOLLOW BACK
Oh man.
I'm jealous!
Have a great time.
Scotch is good stuff most of the time.
Good scotch is really good.
Bad scotch is really bad.
Great passing on that last play for the Bucks.
doctorw is going to work but I hope we see more production from BJ3 when he gets back out.
your mom said the same thing...yea, we'll see, hasn't even been 24 hours
Wonder what kind of birthday list the founder of must have?
Hope your special day is all that  more !
in the sports office: The BladeRunning Alien Gladiator!!
Coming soon to a theater near you...
Waiting in Assembly member Manuel Perez's office to ask support for transforming built enviro.
He supports it all!
Ambient Music and the Experimental Counterculture...
yes, i think i like my dissertation a lot more now
he retired
cover of the rolling stones..haven't heard that in years!
love it!!
Steak Night!
dhtrial with his promise to get their names.
Tomorrow we're back.
did not spend time in jail.
Hasn't seen the light of day since.
Love love love the butternut squash Risotto from !!
Great with shrimp!
FB News Feed: I'm now mostly seeing pictures  stories of people I don't know.
I'm glad MY friend likes your photo, but come on.
A guy who tries to get with every girl, is not the guy for me
lmao, you'd be surprised!
thanks for the pub  we appreciate your help
Headed back to boston.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY LOVE!
have a great day, so gutted that you won't be playing the Camden 1D show!
: 3
get to 500 followers !
: yess.
GO while you're at it ,go readd her
Perfectly lovely Easter.
Highlight was probably the guy I saw angrily searching for all the eggs the kids missed on a church lawn posthunt.
This comment has inspired some whole sale aggression!
Couldn't have asked for more
cant wait to try this place!: We're opening up The Colts Grill 2nite Downtown!
It's gonna b ROCKING..b there or b square!!!!!!!!!
Loving laborwatch with on wakeup this morning!
Good luck lady!
Rich kid names are becmming more and more like stripper names
Wonder if Bobby Petrino gave his mistress a custom TShirt the night before he dumped her.
Yes!
The swipe menu feature is back on my twitter app.
Win!
Thanks, Susan.
I have no doubts...
I am Humbled!
Thanks guys.
The puppy is actually in India bought by my parents..named her Rosy..not to my liking.
something something sperm donor something something
tv film short sketch documentary comedy romcom romantic comedy project directors or producers see my two previous tweets
Action is the real measure of intelligence
as always
I need your number to do that silly!!
Happy New Year Baltimore!
Let's make 2012 our best year yet.
Vocal music Tweeps: Do you use SmartMusic?
How do you like it?
How can I live with myself knowing I let our love go
your pictures are so god.
greatgreatgreat what camera do you use?
Thx for the follows
Cold, cloudy days are great for bundling up with a new book.
What are you reading this week?
We're reading SWINDLE, by Gordon Korman.
experiencing momentary difficulty with the FREE Breakfast Entre reservation system.
follow us on Twitter for updates.
Thanks!
We enjoyed Detroit too.
Tell some more people out there about us and we'll be back!
Dallas escapes Orlando with a great win!
The Magic will be kicking themselves for this fail.
One FREE month of marketing and SEO coaching....
I have it...
You want it?
Thank you so much for your mentions, RTs, and shout outs r
Happy 100th Birthday, Phoenix, and your 300 days of summer.
Each morning we are born again.
What we do today is what matters most.
Unknown.
Happy New Year all.
i was sleeping ahah i be k.o early and damn just oovoo me cause you're bored mean ahah 
With malts  hops as his servants, THE MAHARAJA, ruling our taps now.
What's the perfect powerpoint?
Remember, less is more.
No hard 'n fast rule, but Steve Jobs did it well.
Mark Allen
It's on itunes just search mercury in summer mixtape, it'll pop up right away :
thank you very much for the opportunity
I secretly changed Matt's ringtone to BEP's Good Night'.
Hehehehehe.
He can't figure out how to change it.
On the bus to Boston.
Had to run across the street doctorgging my suitcase to make the bus.
Was probably entertaining for passerby.
on crystal sand, we sleep hand in hand, while soothing words hover like hummingbirds.
PlansForTheSummer Outside Lands, more music venues, and catch up on one years worth of sleep I gave up for College.
I've burned beans too!
It's smelly!
I felt like a badmexican too..lol
Thanks to summer artists for attending our marketing workshop on Sat!
It's going to be an awesome summer!
huge thank you to jaime for sponsoring our excellent datavizlibs webinar today
This weekend at WYNN by the pool....ONLY girl that dared to get in the Jacuzzi was the girl with PERMANENT MAKEUP..All the others looked on
Watchin cars get smashed at the junkyard
The GoldWashington app is getting popular.
If you use this app, tell us what you think of it and how we can make it better.
seriously dude wow
I think this fits nicely in with be in the flowget readers to return to library for services as we can
Woke up in a great mood!
Its going to be a good day.
:3 interview Monday.
Woo!
I got all green lights yey!
GET EM BABY!
; : Just watch.
After this mixtape, its all over!
BrickSquad
People earn your trust.
It shouldn't be given so freely.
I like you, you like me, were single....am I missing something?
DITTO!
RT : Awesome presentation from !
Thanks Jacks.
You guy were incredible.
See you again on the 8th.
Ciao.
thanks!
and same to you
Payton manning sighted with the broncos ?
O;
People can be mean
1TIME, I PUT donuts OUTSIDE IN OUR doctorVEWAY; nothing would eat them; not ants/sow bugs/raccoons/opossums/ flies
It's pretty ridiculous some of the things that people argue over .
Interesting that studio is called Move.
Because after my first 2 pilates sessions I can barely move!
So sore!
But I love it!
:
We're glad you liked!
Thank you!
you're sick!
Get better!!
How perfect!
Did you know you can even practice while you're on the plane?
Once you download the courses...
Haha it's cool..
Politics has a habit of emasculating men.
Hey new followers!
If you havnt already!
Go follow my real account it's I would love it if you followed thanks!
I'm afraid to click on that link.
Free shipping?
Were you hacked?
Congrats to Jackie De Tore and her team for winning OTRC journalism competition.
Passiveaggressive FF for all the limpdicks who unfollowed me this week: , , 
at a loss for words rite now...
you're not counting sheep, you're on twitter.
I just heated up salmon in the office microwave because I apparently hate all of my coworkers.
follow back?:
RIP grandpa.
I Love You.
I remember we used to jam out to all the time.
I'm missin' you already.
You were my favorite buddy,
We would love to have you in the spa.
Yeah just traumatic in every way possible.
:
college coaches join today find the talent you are looking for.
Everything is free we have players from all sports
Having a lovely bday with and at the brat house!
OMG!
So jealous.
we could organize a meeting of cart owners/leaders to discuss with you if you're serious...
doctorving home from boston and neither or are on TIC.
It is sunday right?
sorry Alex :
Thanks for your beautiful write up Sarah!
Glad you had a great time.
Hope you can make it back soon!
Tyler, you actually look like a mixture of all those.
tested out custom strap this weekend on my M8 well worth the dough
If TBK doesn't beat Abyss for the X Division title, then or or whatever are fucking stupid beyond words...
Protecting your tweets?
Thats just stupid, this is twitter not sex.
OMG IM DYING RIGHT NOW.
First opinion of iBooks Author: Look, Ma, I'm a big gurl now!
I can rite a bk!
Don't be too quick to judge
last leg of the trip.
dallas here i come.
what's up
omg!!
Don't put it on me!!
MDNA is a special occasion...
As is any time I come home to Vegas for a visit.
50...can't wait to hear the new songs...
U rock 50!!!
holla at me!!
Women of the world rejoice...
is now 18
RT : Winning design for Smithsonian Gallery of Art would've been 1st modern structure on
I cooked  ate liver  onions, my grownup meal turned out pretty good.
1 best fight you've ever watched 2 where does this fight rank?
666 followers !
not good, quick someone follow me!
you text mine
Very sad to hear that.
I liked the way ep.io fit my brain.
Good luck going forward, I will be watching with interest.
Thanks for the introductions!
It's great to meet new people and learn what they're working on.
Much appreciated!
you must be watching on Eurosport.
No live tennis in in the states.
It was 35c time.
West coast, YOU STILL HAVE A CHANCE!!
P.S.
Alexa's hubby also produced it!
Go go go!
Hey how bout them Hoosiers.
Kobe Bryant on MWP returning: He's the one guy I can count on, night in and night out, to compete.
accidentally swallowed my gum.
lol she can...
Aye, no Amare  we ready
Thanks so much you're the best!
RT Check out this kewl, nu band They're kinda badass.
Some of my favorite Christian charities: Habitat for Humanity, Samaritan's Purse, World Vision, Compassion International
Mariner's Revenge Song!
so is it going to be cool if me  my friend both serve as club presidents?
yee yee girl I'll be there in the fall !
Cool World remake with ElijahWood just so they can say Elijah Wood if he could
We'll have 4 ECars in the parade!
thanks ECars, these are the coolest!
Got hit on the head lyk 4 times today by with a MioEnergy Thing  A Can !
XD
31,000 people waited in 90degree temps on the final weekend of the McQueen exhibit
THANK YOU XD :D im still mad though i did do something for the food though its outside being eaten by homeless cats :D
love how people forget the childish behavior of those free mike vick falcons.
Who wanted to coach those clowns?
AntiWar DeathPenalty Occupy movements should combine and protest nationwide
There are LOTS of books in this world to read, besides mine, lol!
What are the resources in which we own?
What are the consequences of loss of privacy/integrity?
A few questions we need to ask.
Making history come alive through a textbook is like enjoying food by only reading cookbooks.
Hi!
I wish we were coming to Chapel Hill!
We'll be in Raleigh, tho.....
Between these two QB's, who's the better start this week...Eli or Big Ben??
Police say a cook has confessed to placing rat poison in meals served in a publicschool cafeteria in southern Brazil.
Can NOT wait to see you!
yes!
PT, Yoga, and Pilates should be given a shot.
You are so funny.
Luv this tweet.
I'm rooting for your gals to win this one.
Congratulations to 's Travis Beckett for coming in sixth overall at
But since it sheridans daughters' routine she still wants to work on it!
I would need to rechoreograph the whole ending
askjessica Are you coming to Florida anytime soon?
Thanks, Alison!
: Coming back at you in just a sec.
:
The sole purpose of a child's middle name, is so he can tell when he's really in trouble.
when did people decide Johnny Depp is talented?
captainin Jack was a great character, but I just don't get the obsession with Depp.
It's about time!
no, I totally got it....aaaahhh, I'm just going to bed.
Night, folks!
I'm fried!
Todayy was amazing!
Megan had her baby  I was wit my Bestfriewnnddss!
Can't.Wait.For.Summer.
and KCAL in Los Angeles for interviews.
Chaka Khan is the other guest today.
She now has her very own copy of The Fourth Fisherman!
Welcome back, hope everybody had a great holiday!
MiddleStates team here, wrapup session today.
They were interested in our libraries, esp re planning and assessment.
lmao , your crazy they're gon take them pictures .
Zeptyche  Black Mouth
we should trend VerifyAustinMahone!
keep trending 400kmahomies too 3
Don't people who say cray cray realize how stew stew they sound?
Home after some delicious sushi with my friend, Steph.
Where the fuck is my taxi.
Yo, didn't I say 7pm almost 3 hours ago when I booked it?
Congrats on finishing library school!
You remind me of the times when I knew who I was.
But still the second hand will catch us, like it always does.
aw, I'm flattered!
Thanks for watching.
: I love learning new instruments.
My fianc gets me a new one each bday!
Congratulations to Elan Elkaim who won the iPad2 Giveaway at our raffle last night at Artician Digital Media Gallery!
follow me?
:
I'm not accepting responsibility for any of this.
You started it with your creeping
What was aol thinking?
I have trouble believing that HuffPost could be capitalized at such a high number.
Good for Arianna though!
Skydiving sounds fantastic right about now...
not cuter than you though !
Lol
that's good, and that's what I heard
you want just the tune recorded or a video with it to?
Talking to my cohorts in crime about it.
Okay, I thought my kids could sleep anywhere :
Did I hear correctly that the Davis cat from Kentucky has set the single season block record 18.5 games into the season?
I just bought 's book to add to my public library's shelves and I'm using it as reference for a thrifting class I'm teaching.
There's so much hockey left to play.
And yet, and yet...
I had SO much to do tonight.
Did nothing but watch hockey.
EA games needs to make a motorcross game.
Only good one out there is MTX mototrax on the Xbox and ps2.
Cobb and her stupid ass assignments.
are you going to Uganda?
Ill be there in like 2 weeks!
M!!!
Smells so good in apartment...
making chocolate and cream cheese strawberries cup cakes about 50 to 70 cal per cup cake.
do you sing in the shower???
Texas football and doctornks.
Gotta love family wedding weekends.
between the 2 of you there would be hair fucking everywhere.
The text i typed wasn't to exercise my fingers.
If i text you, it means i want a reply.
well you are :
Wait, you have a Jodie Meeks bucks shirt?
NICE
Its so fuckin hot I'm finna go shoppin for some shorts and some graphic tee's
Opportunity always looks better during desperate times...even in the stable times opportunity knocks...that's when decisions are made.
Got his autograph plus he gave me free stickers :D
Party at my house after the show for CROWBAR's BIRTHDAY!!
Fight party at my house..gotta find yur own way there though 
oh you know, pretty stellar.
How you been???
She told me to tweet that like last week hahaha I had forgotten.
You know it!
We're hanging in there!
Chrysler's big mistake was selling the original Sebring Platform to the Russians!!!
Come check out Dante in the Overtime Concert  Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm!
Tickets are only 15, say DANTE  the door!!
Thursday night: 70's themed patio party!
Cocktails and live music  join us in costume or just to have some casual fun!
Party's 6 to 9!
Really enjoyed our SFCC class tour yesterday!
Another great place to hang out in Santa Fe for ALL AGES!
homeland as in Showtime?
LOVE IT.
Listening to for the announcement.haha
haa.
its funny how guys actually think its funny that they are dumbass players that just want to get some.
haha!
Ooh I need hair color advice.
Text me or whatsapp me later.
:
he gone learn today
you bet!
It's a good stat and article :
Wow, Horn of Light just bowled me over.
You addoctorss lots of the issues we have been thinking through.
Going to email you.
RT S/O to for leaving without Wood KNOWING he was wit u when u came over...thanks cry me a river 
I'm the best at hiding my feelings..
If you get a DM saying clcik on a shorten link, don't do it.
It is a Tarp, seriously a few of you have been hacked, check your sent DM's.
A big thanks to and the Renaissance for helping us put on such a great event last night!
Clothes packed for ala11 3 pairs of shoes and 4 doctorsses, I'll be all fancy and stuff.
We're answering your question now.
Find your passion.
Talk about what you really care about Jacqui DMIS
Harrison brand!
Congrats Jonathan Deman......USC says YES!
np: get higher  juicy j
I will see b/c that is my bday weekend and I have a film I have to shoot that morning so I will do my best but I cont.
Every man I know who has played football has said it's a vicious,brutal bloodsport.But now ppl want the fucking Disney version.
Today is Hug Your Dog Day!
I hope I see lots of people hugging their dogs, that would make today totally awesome
district taco for lunch?
Yum
maybe you should try sleeping?
Lol
solid reference
Damn..
she actually fell asleep on me!
People trust more than other social media sites, says
Back on the elliptical, watching the LAKings .2 of 3 periods last game on this  82 min.
Cant wait to thank my Kings for the cuplbs lost!
You're my everything.
Never forget that.
No matter the distance you're still my everything.
I love you with all I've got3
You can say i lost all i want, but dont bitch at me when people are saying i won.
.
lmfaoo well than that'll suck ass!!
its cool
If anyone attended the Holocaust Remembrance Ceremony on Friday, pls tweet us with photos, comments, etc!
hahaha i know:
NF...
follow me back !!
Ratedoctorttyirlss
unlucky us
Main lesson from Herman Cain losing his chance to be 2nd African American pres.
Stay away from white woman.
mister X told him so.
Part of me want 2 get an mpc
Want to try out Fliqz for your website?
Just visit us at www.fliqz.com and click on the huge orange button that says Try for FREE.
Fast Facts: A developmental pediatrician is a physician who is especially trained to handle childoctorn with special needs.
RT : Out of WSOP ME.
Thx all 4 the supports.
Now I can go on with life!:spending FTP players funds!
GROSS!
Okay well if you do text me :p
Hi Stacy, We are so glad you enjoyed the mini cupcakes!!
now you know where to go for your sweet cravings!
The sun is finally starting to peek through after 5pm.
Nice.
i took a nap before class it was only like 10 mins but i needed it
Anyone gone through a move lately?
We did a couple of years ago, we tried to make it as light as possible
We should put the chapters alone in a room and let them work it out on their own while we go for cocktails.
That'll show 'em
Did you ever get the water doctorgon bones so you can comb my beard?
:O
Thank You!!
Colas, from best to worst: Mexican Coke, Coke, Diet Coke, Diet Pepsi, Pepsi.
Goin to cinema in a hour..
Forget a little about school..
im all N
Who Tryna hit the doctorving range ?
Ready to go Walking in Memphis
Just made another order with WCR.
If you have never ordered from them I suggest you do.
Those guys are awesome!
Great service and price!
a new adventure everyday.
In this Aug.
3, 2011, photo Jim Capannari, a small ice cream maker, makes ice cream at his shop in Mount Prospect, Ill.
I love you!
Congrats on 100K.
If you could somehow turn that number into dollars.....
I love love love Pineapples
Excellent advice!
But what did your narratives say?
Son, stay away from fast women and slow horses.
wise words of Daddy Dee
This will be good
When I saw the picture of Justin Bieber's new haircut, I thought it was a joke about an actual lesbian.
Ikr u take a long time typing this really long message and all they message back is LOL,HAHA,:
Hm...OK, gotta think about the car situation...if I go to Orlando, you have to get home!
Ha.
I'm gonna buy my tic to Tampa.
do you still have the same number???
I gotta talk to you like foreal this time
That's a great idea.
I'm going to go to ChickAFilA on Sunday.
Get a little Sunday brunch and not worry about the line.
I wonder what ever happened to my very 1st GF I had in PreSchool, Shannon Beavers.
If anyone knows her, ask her why she broke my heart.
AdvertisementReference I love it.
RT Kevin Durant's going to spend the fourth quarter playing Doodle Jump.
menchies is good stuff.
Need to come to Atlanta for a fix.
Well If you ain't a ten you're a 9.9, tippin' and spillin' that homemade wine on your tied up, tshirt
I don't trust shonda.
Lol she can easily kill him off too!
I'm a mess.
I couldn't breathe.
And I didn't even like her :/
Can't Let You GoFabolous never gets old.
I love this song
Solving my ereader angst by only downloading books I'm embarrassed to be seen reading.
Hey , your voice is beautiful.
Glad to hear some new music from you.
you've never had one?
Huge Thank you to Lena for the amazing Oxygen Facial!
My skin is still soft and glowing nearly a week later!
x
some people just dont know when to grow up
: It was beautiful!!!
Loving this chilly weather!
I get to bust out my grandmother, GaGa's vintage furs!
Sorry PETA!
yess I know I just love them I was texting them through the storms asking them how the were because we live were some hit
When the Boogeyman goes to sleep, he checks his closet for Chuck Norris.
What do you think?
Did Madeline Albright convert to Judaism purely for the jokes?
Thanks sir and thank you for following!
:
been gone for a while, major changes coming soon!
my next week is open!
Just let me know!
Niggas downtown used to be cute to me...then I got a car lmfao
your really good at these:'x
Tired of this :
When you feel the fire taking over let it make your feelings behave older 
Wow, the Trail Blazers are certainly making it difficult to cancel Season Ticket orders, esp considering there won't be a season
Confessions I want some McNuggets right now
ill be damned if cards win but we wont because we dont gots pujols : damn him lol

Thanks for the follow, JB.
I can relate.
great points, I find the challenge is having enough time to both create strategy and execute.
I need to eat, this headache is killing me.
i lost my freaking cat
Just text oomf the most heart felt text i may have ever written.
aye bitch did u hack my shit
Experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted.
NW behind the music tpain
thunder storm.!
im scared!
:/
The LEGO movie has a release date: Feb 28, 2014.
Hope everyone will stop by Buddy Bike booth to learn about Buddy Bike, adaptive cycling and how to see funding!
leaving this school is gonna be one of the hardest things i ever had to do.
Haha oh really?!
Have you corrupted my boy Ross?
RT : RIP Adam Yauch.
He was a supergenius, a visionary and, most importantly, a really good person.
bubbl.us was used by Colorado legal aid to create flow chats.
Easy to use and free
we won today!
4 of the 5 matches we won :
Vanity license plate seen last night: Whoohaa  Wish I'd thought of that one
What you working with?
1st day back in the shop 2day.
No bucking or shooting rivets for me...
I'm getting better though..
anytime :D
I can't wait for BELIEVE it is going to be AMAZING all your fans are going to be wild when they get your single
translations are free
You May Disagree With MeBut Then You Would Be Wrong.
New condom slogan: Wrap it in latex or she's gonna get your paychecks.
Flaws and all, I'm here.
Meh.
Clothes are overrated!
Got a late start today.
All is good.
I cant wait 2b on the...: On the road again...
ala11
In livermore for the next coupla hours, who wants to get their doctornk on?
: completely overwhelmed by the Lord's provision this morning...
God is so good!
I cannot live without my alert services, says SESNY: Google Alerts, Social Mention, GigaAlert and TweetBeep
Guten Morgen, Bonjour etc to new followers Welcome to our twinning tweets.
If you don't know I love ...One day I'll get that opportunity to meet her!
I make no apologies for the fact that your balls aren't big enough to handle my personality
wow, that's quite a lineup
Marry The Night !
has danced on the precipice.
Actually, I have not.
I just wanted to write that.
Niall please tweet me me n my bffl r coming to see u next month n next year but i can't wait till then
I do and I will.
16 miles in despite some serious hills and rain.
Feeling good.
2 months  1 wk until LakePlacid.
Bring on the day
All the haters can wait in line, Because...
2010 Is My Turn To Win!
Much love to my twitter friends!
PEACE TO YOU  YOUR FAMILY
Did you mean 'Sun' or 'SunsDay'?
is so awesome I'm a fan
SING IT GIRL!
.....hum ill tink bout it lol
You need ergonomic pillows that are intended mainly for your neck.
check out small pillows.
:
Chasing the boys upstairs for bedtime,  tripped on a used diaper in the kitchen.
Naked boy, where are you?
I'll definitely be live tweeting and answering any Degrassi related questions.
So send away!
: DegrassiFinale frostival EclareFTW 33
someone is being naughty lol why did you say that anyway
What a game!
Northern Lights 4  Rochester Hawks 3, final.
Take some risks, kid.
SPOON!!
: I have decided that I need my own battle cry.
I have chosen PUDDING.
Thank you for your attention.
until when?
4WordsYouDontWantToHear Your battery is low.
Have you been writing?
;
Debating on whether or not I should accept the invite to be on the grafton Public Arts Board.
Shit not me
All These Sensations Got Me Going Crazy
What's the point?
Might as well give up.
My life is pointless
Cats!Cats!Cats!
meeting you last evening!!
Looked at your Icon Project, would like to discuss this and Santa Fe, many levels on which to connect
really wish i had practice this week.
need to spend time on the field cause its my escape.
speaking to jstudents about the ethical issues related to covering the Sandusky case.
Can Cody cat daddy on me?
aw, thanks!
finishing OJ2 now.
coming in 2013!
Wow.
What an evening!
I somehow ended up home.
Met some really cool people last night, hung out with old friends.
Thanks much....
getting a few more scripts out....
cross your fingers : :
Just got my hair did.
Thanks
Speaking this morning for Christian Leadership Alliance.
My topic: Great Leaders GROW!
knowing how I'll vote in November is a huge relief...now I can focus on something other than infotainment.
Come have some USwirl to cool you down!
why last practice what's up
My first tour with was the fall of 2005, back in my Vedera/Veda days.
I was grateful then...
And grateful now.
Or on you oO : I do believe this is one to live by.
RT : Shit happens, just dont let it get to you.
I am too young for health problems.
:/ Smh...too much fun can lead to problems lol
I smell bacon.
alright come by tomorrow we'll get it together.
The Grim Reaper is working down in New Orleans in the French Quarter for the next few weeks.
Ping me if you have time to meet.
how about talking about a Glove Co.
that makes their gloves in NYC?
Us Lacrasia Gloves ..
we love you Fox B esp.
CVPayne
Anyone with an extra Google invite?
no mocking
that is very funny and creative!
Twitter Is Better Than Facebook Though
Close call but is leaving MSG tonight with a win!
's team is headed to the NIT Championship!
Just purchased 2 new Jerseys for your cousin Crystal and I...
We will be reppin our Wilson Jerseys in Cali...
Teaching Shelter Operations and Simulation to a great group of volunteers today!
Donate a Saturday to your favorite !
Yes foreal, I'm done with his shit.
Watching a one legged wrestler in the NCAA national finals n the 125lbs class.
AMAZING!
His disadvantage is actually his advantage.
Shelby Lynne  Don't Think Twice, It's Alright  08:43 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
RIP Levon Helm.
A great loss.
if you haven't changed your Twitter password yet, you should.
work work work
As well you ought to be!
Mazel tov!
Great time at the LonelyHeartsFilmFestival tonight.
Excellent films and congrats to the organizers and award winners!
The Blues, Part Three Albert Ammons starting out the day.
absolutely.
Being status quo because of a lack of doctorve isn't inspiring.
Why be with someone who doesn't want to better themselves
Work in the field of entertainment , work yo way up and get paid in the process P IMAGE P DON MEGA PRODUCTIONS
very much so but who am I to judge I would be a hypocrite
Christine Lagarde asks deputies to spare the Tax Credits on Research  Development in France, very helpful for SMB innovation companies, thx
RT : If you have a smart phone, we'll have a mobile site ready for you soon
If you enjoyed the synchronized swimming routine on Glee tonight, you'll love our Azul show.
SeaWorld San Antonio opens on Feb.
4.
Haha!
Yah only hes worse!
By far..RT : he reminds of someone else I know...
Oh wait.
That's you, dad.
i'm decided to take out my nose piercings for good.
too much of a hassle removing them for work.
i'm kinda bummed.
:
Getting a disposal for my bday, I've reached the age where that is super exciting to me.
Clothes?
Shoes?
Jewelry?
NAH!
Just gimme plumbing!
it's not even on FB!
the guy has NO idea who i am, no idea what I look like...
I don't get it.
Am I supposed to use the entire tube of Super Glue in one go?
It's always going to seal itself shut and become unusable?
Nice one!
Thanks for sharing the photo.
I know what it's like to juggle.
You got your project management skills down, though :
Listened to your sxsw talk last night.
Nicely done!
earphones in world out.
Our favorite spot!
Thanks again for taking us when we were in NYC together!
Cold but doctor, gotta go out for a ride
Even though the have made it difficult this season, I'll always be a fan
they asked too and tribble said yeah
Good Morning Everyone!
One of the best ways to stimulate your metabolism is to eat breakfast.
Have you stimulated yours today?
I am pretty sure if we had a camera on us in college we would have had a better reality show than most!!
sick photos your a beast!
Can't wait to see you back on the field!
So cute!
thanks for all the follows!
we love the ariana army : AND Hope you still love us!
well, there is only one, and he was in that diner.
National Coffee Day this Thursday 9/29!
Stop by any to get your free sm coffee  doughnut of your choice!
The day before something is a breakthrough it's a crazy idea.
Ew.
Creep alert!
Thanks for the information.
Have a great day : 
Baking pumpkin pie bars!
Yum!
:
In session with on eBooks and eTexts
Bensimon: We need a way to addoctorss how Title V funding helps Latino students succeed.
Talking about religiondo you believe in ghandi?
Double header against Fresno State today
www.zakdowntown.com is coming this summer with new music!
I need a man to ride ride ride
oh okay :
Done with Season 3 of SG1.
Time for work!
Everyday I'm hustlin hustlin hustlin!
RT : Rise and grind!
My sisters and I are hustlin.
Everyday I'm hustling
Thanks for the RT  compliment!
Will be sure to pass it on.
RT : Digging the new SGIAExpo avi!
Win Your Share of 3,250 in the OVS Cash Raffle at the Bazaar!
Buy your tickets on 12/11 for 35 each, or 2 tickets for 50!
Always do right.
This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
Mark Twain
Watching Elite Troop 2.
really cool, but what's with soap opera deal?
Happy Friday.
S/O from Los Angeles.
The CoffeeLady is in the house.
What's good?
Being cursed with fast growing beard genes 
Peru Schools released early for weather...
All Main Street Church activities for this evening are cancelled...
Stay home...
Stay...
yeah, but I was always bored before because I got it so quick.
please do something about the refereeing.
Galaxy goal was embarrassing
Ah, thanks for the tip!
I'll update the slides.
RT : Love Everyday
Great win for the good guys.
GO MAVS.
Thank you to everyone who helped us recycle over 150 cell phones!!!
Note: The digital sew out is the way your order is going to show up after your approval!!!!
Finally Patriots got into this game!
Last games I played were Scotland Yard and Shogunoldies but goodies.
I want to play 1812 next, but haven't had time to read rules.
How much of this is just good photography, I wonder?
17 Ways SMBs Can Survive the Google Penguin Update Effect
Ditto kiddo
More like the sequel to the sequel's sequel
I just want my damn email.
hey how long are you gonna be at LAfit today?
alice im really sorry
Got em next time Dallas
there really is nothing like it.
If I could sing Bohemian Rhapsody at my auditions, every single job would be mine
Just got approved for a J.
Crew credit card.
This is potentially very dangerous.
I hate when companies combine words in their advertising.
YOURgageYour Mortgage .
quickenloans Same goes for celebrity names!
Thanks for the RT!
I doctorpped out of highschool in the month of April ...
Ahaha
Top countries on HAL: US, India, Brazil, Spain and South Africa!
your very welcome beautiful 3 i love you!
got a feeling tonight's gonna be a goodnight
don't make me sick the feverish ones on you...
No one has ever had Tim Allen fever
this movies weird.its like the hunger games,but in a cabin,and like wuuut.omg.idek.
LADIESA girl knows her limits, but a wise girl knows she has none.
numetal so ya sure y not?
Love those dudes too...can't wait for Pow wow!!!
That night I'd gonna leave me with a sore neck
If no one followed me on , would the sun still come up?
That sad moment when your crush at school graduates DX
I should go back to school now cough cough sniff mom: oh wow you sound terrible, take another day off not very motivating lol
Worst flight attendants ever.
No please or thank you's, just demands.
airtran needs to reevaluate their personnel.
I just may go golfing after work.
Even if its cold.
Its been to long.
hey!
Can u follow my freind ?
Shes really cool
IAP/DLC would be HUGE in terms of making XBLIG better for professortable dev.
Awesome games would get more money.
is Mario staying the night in buffalo?
KEEP UR HEAD UP works about as well as KEEP BOTH HANDS ON THE STEERING WHEEL to a 9 year old middle linebacker.
Not enough info
SOMEBODY SHOUT ME OUT....
BOREDOM
For the record, I would love ANY AsianAmerican NBA player.
I was crushed when Yao retired.
This Lin action rejuvenated my love for the NBA.
The difference between genius and stupidity is; genius has its limits.
Remembered I decided to go online shopping last night at 1am when I got a shipment notification just now
Pissed!
I hate when someone try to make me feel bad for something I cant do.
girls never let a guy come between u and your besties and 4 some advice dont go out with stevan belliveau and if are friends with him u got
Is like a twitter ghost
haha yeah those two don't go together
Hangout with me.
;
How to describe this article and the project that inspired it?
Gurtlush!
Jerome Chou: NYC Garment District still exists b/c super close proximity  apparel is made faster, cheaper than overseas.
Clearly I cared but keeping my feelings to myself .
Sally Mae how I wanta visit your house and pay you this loan money personally lol
Feel like I just got hit with a ton of bricks.
Happy Birthday Michael Jordan.
Thank you for everything.
It made my childhood watching you play!
of course there's only 1 The world couldnt handle 2.
That'd be awesomeness overload.
:D
Today I am working from home.
Yippee!
Accidentally bought a Mad Magazine.
Don't ask how that happened.
It's kind of funny.
She knew I was on Angels side.
It was a bond we continued to hold in common,
Putting in a bid for a home gym.
I hope it Works Out!
what's going on?
It's never long enough!
It's gonna be really hot today.
wow congrats!!
heard you went home sick.
feel better bro
Got the speakers thumping
Give love...
listen to the childoctorn!
RT: What a child doesnt receive he can seldom later give.P.D.James
awkward just did..
Gotta have it
If doesn't have butter cream icing, it's not considered good cake, in my most humble opinion...
Obvious travel there.
They called it!!!!
omfg I know I was screaming at the damn tv!
And last year the worst team in the super bowl beat them!
Sea hawks?
Really?
TIX HAS BEEN SOLD!
Thanx for the inquiries!
ILLSTATEOFMIND.
LET'S GET TURNT!
hay trey I don't think gettin smart is a wise decision.
You saw what it got u earlier today
tacos are delicious:.
If you're a reader of Style magazine, check out my article in the March issue.
This girl randomly saying oh I get it!
like somebody cares.
On my way to G.
Gotta take this AP test.
If you find yourself thinking, where can I find a bounce house for my kids, on Saturday between 5 and 8, come to Holland Park in
This girl has a cameltoe in her picture on facebok Think i'm gonna keep this one to myself
I am 13 and I even know right from wrong.
But college students?!
They are supposed to be focused on their education not sex.
Thanks for the follow!
1824 Viewers currently watching the live stream while Jay Sean performs.
The patio is open!
Come join us for lunch and vino until 3 pm...today and tomorrow!
Will Tilly be the next Nikki Finke for the publishing industry?
Follow for breaking entertainment news.
I thought you were leaving today obviously I would love to spend another night with you
Damn fam just gon blast me huh...i gotcha when i get hm u alreddi kno  gud lookin out fa da Queen!!!
Off today and tomorrow!
A much needed break
Applicant's attorney doesn't seem to know much
Did I really turn down going out tonight ?
I'm brushing my hair  painting my nails today.
I left my headphones at home.
Great.
Now I have to talk to people.
Never say what you dare to say....
Let's go stevie
Real.
Mature.
is a real comedian.
TOO DAMN HIGH!
Just like myself.
Muahahaha!
WaysToMakeAGirlSmile going out with her on the weekend..
Don't overthinksometimes best to do things quickly before you think too much  make it harder.
Marilee Mostov on prototyping
Ford professort skids on dip in Europe
solid choice!
does love the peanut butter MM's!
noticed my equalizer settings on iTunes was set to flat...
.;; changed it too my prefered settings and it's like listening to new music!
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Crest Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.

always full I swear she should b FAT AS FUCK
Okay I really dont care if the lakers win this game but this officiating is atrocious
DID PIERCE JUST RUN IN TRANSITION AND BLOCK SOMEONE?!!!!!!
The words of the LORD are pure words: as silver tried in a furnace of earth, purified seven times.Psalm 12:6
Already seeing panic over sex trafficking  the superbowl.
Who's got articles on that?
There's better info out there.
Let's spread it!
oh hey WAZZUP?!
Thanks for following
the more keys to type the better, keep on typing, who needs to swim anymore not mee.
lmao how do i have friends
I'm so ghetto at graduations lol!!!
I love it!!!!
Legoooooo!!!
Huzzah!!
Bag checked in to hotel at 1am.
Reunited, and it feels so good!
yeah same here.
do u have a bf??
i like yolyvo better because you only lose your virginity once and thats true shitz
I miss being tan.
do u want the clean radio edit/dirty version/instrumental/acapella
Tha Baristaz mix tape goes dumb
FRIDAY NIGHT  CLUB ELEGANCE LADIES FREE TILL 11 5ADMISSION 3 doctorNKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY D  KITCHEN OPEN
peoplediscovery
RT : Tuesday's Lunch Special  The Ultimate Ham  Cheese and Soup of the Day is Tomato Vegetable
a loss by mcfc and then a late mufc collapse may kill me.
We're on in an hour!
Tune into to doctorve Time Live on at 4pm for a preview of our last concert of the season.
it was
Happy pi day
Not even close to Miley...she's for Obama, haha.
High praise to the rigorous retweeting going on over there.
Particularly about events in the city.
stats show its same answer, OkSt//: Do u want 2 best teams to play or do you want the conference champs to play for title?
Good Luck Chris ...
Teaching starts  Lehigh University 2morrow.
The New School 4 Jazz  Contemporary Music on Wed.
Music Business  improvisation ensemble.
Atlanta Ga North Ga Concrete Stamping Pool Decks  Patios  doctorveways  Take a look www.concretegeorgia.com Ask About Twitter Special
Current status: screen and and...
Fashion condemns us to many follies; the greatest is to make oneself its slave.
Napoleon Bonaparte
Today's Message: When You Must Be Odd For God
Grind time is prime time!
SayYes to results
Boyfriend needs to hurry home.
RT NYPD has sidewalk checkpoints requiring ID to pass down Broadway.
Iranianborn coworker said they used to do that in Tehran.
have not been on twitter in a while, days months had been busy to me
Rest In Peace, Amy Winehouse.
Boring ass night
good morning : !x
wait what?
no honey, we did that last year, facebook timeline displays outdated stuff.
So my baby girl got a perfect report card...PERFECT!!!
I must be doing something right
Mlrt please do cause im over here crying for no dam reason lol
Obstacles cannot crush me.
Every obstacle yields to stern resolve.
He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind.
Leonardo da Vinci
RT : RT : Selfrealization is effortless.
What you are trying to find is what you already are.
Ramesh Balsekar
its a real treat being part of this culture of ours and a real pleasure rockin w you guys tonight at this town
wherever i go she goooooeees
VINNYCASTRONOVOMEETRICH!
3 HES A HUGE FAN  HE HAS CANCER :'
ya I was sharing my noobyness with the world.
Geez
I, personally, love Weiner's Circle cheese.
It's nice  tart  I like the consistency.
What do u think?
When are you gonna call out these Philly chumps for using your song during their games?
Did you get my DM?
Let me know which session you'd like tickets for and what name to leave them under at willcall!
I'm kind of addicted to Wordfoto.
It's a problem
Did you ever read the articles and interviews about the women who claims she was Glenn's lover?
They introduce them to you, very proud...it's cool...
1st day of the week feeling 100.
It's a good thing I'm only in the office for half the day.
:
GO RED!!
Thanks for stopping by.
Flash your permit instore and receive 10 off all tennis gear this season!
That double eagle at 2 was incredible and a major victory for
Riding slow bumpin that  leismore
Last chance to get your tickets for our cd release show!!!
Hit us up!
you should be able to install XCode from your Mac OS install DVD without registering
Hog farm, turkey farm, horse farm, puppy mill...
when is a story gonna take me to the spa or the theater?
Same here : RT : Talking to and last night makes me wanna go to school today.
:
Hatch My Fall, If I Should Stumble
by missing sunday of lollapalooza im not going to see flo and the machine or kaskade and im pretty upset about it
I love that song!
Do you have two twitter acounts or is my interwebs glitching out?
RT : Ironic that Twitter's mission statement is 183 characters long.
You'd think they would go for 140 just to make a point.
I'm ready for the weekend.....ARE YOU?!?!
D
Israel Radio reported that all Israeli passenger planes will be equipped with a system that can divert rockets launched at them.
Nice.
Just got a copy of The Interrupters, the new movie from Steve James, the guy who made Hoop doctorams.
It opens in SD on 11/11.
Check us out over on Facebook, or our website if you want to see what we are doing, getting closer to launching the demo, wish us luck.
Mondays are always happier when you're
Just booked my flight to New York!
Menchies!!!
It really is the little things.
BASEBALL SEASON RIGHT AROUND DAS CORNER!!
Happy New Year!
Do the world a favor in 2011, buy a Love Crunch bar to alleviate world hunger!
smh im with ya
We ask our twitter followers: What is the best gift you ever received for Christmas?
Call me maybe sounds like a Disney song, ew.
Pretty sure I have changed someones perspective on something today
If you turn down your thermostat just one degree you can save 50 dollars a year.
Keep checking in on Foursquare and and I will make it sooner than you think.
GOO FOLLOW !
I will give you a shoutouttt.
I love how ijever hates everyone who's more popular than him.
Oh, and how he treats girls, what a lovley little douche bag.
Haha.
It does, doesn't it?
I'm DONE with all the stupid and pointless doctorma.
National Alliance Meeting begins and the comments are on the great opportunity to meet withPCAA Chapters.
: But i did see a shirt.
It read I Hv a body of a god sounds like last Conquest
urrmm looks like a very interesting conversation you got there 
God Bless him he's a cutie pie!
dude!
I'm getting the one with the spikes on the back!!!!
changed my professorle picture to me and brando3
Why do people leave the world so fast?
The ClueTrain Manifesto  my review of a classic  bit.ly/j7FRjy  plus info on how you can get it for free!
doctorp me a note on EOL and we'll talk.
If I hear any one of Adele's overplayed songs again so help me God!!!!
Oo
Thank you, , for solving my forgottogetsomethingformom problem.
Thanks for following We should all be adorned with these funky butt designs
A project that's been on my to do list for 1.5 years is finally done.
I thought it'd never happen!
Now, vacation time!
Please believe he don't love that hoe
: Hey Manny Pacquiao called for death to all gay people.
doctorp him and MakeItCount
Light Everlasting is TONIGHT at the Schlesinger Center in Alexandoctora at 8 PM.
Tickets will be available at the door.
See you there!
OMG where is my pants?
; Is cold here!
If you could be a dog, what kind of dog would you be?
LMAO.
man i have whiplash.
did some major headbanging.
ouch
Monday is gonna b CRAZY!!!
Bud Selig's group must be kicking itself in the proverbial tuchus for not retaining the Miller Park parking lots when it sold the
Ragemode coming this May!!!
hahahahahahaha thts so cool ur so lucky!!!
My parents hate him for no good reason!
I think they r just jealous!!!
My 19mm tunnels need to hurry up and get here :
Don't we all.
Um no on the reusable TP.
I'm a tippity top model from Australia 
Aggies will go into the new season with a new conference and a new coach  and same old suckiness.
Good luck; you're gonna need it.
Hanging out as is my weekend ritual.
Coming soon 
selling a Size 8.5 metallic blue rookie pennys for 100,...hit me if u want them
In three words I can sum up everything I have learned about life...It goes OnRobert Frost.
You're a Hobbit fan?
Have you also read Runelords?
They're filiming that a film too.
Vote for actors
opening night is a little crazy...
Sorry for the delay, it wont always be like that!
Hope you had fun!
Yadier Molina received his Platinum Glove today fort the best defensive player in baseball.
With his bat coming around, best catcher in MLB?
Jean Ann, do you watch the show 'Bones'?
Took me a while to warm up to it but I love it now.
Ryan O'Neal is on it.
DJ GROOVES going in right now with the 9 O'Clock Hit Mix!
Turn us up and enjoy :
Whos ready for tonight  what songs would you like to hear
MSL: the monster truck of Mars Doug McCuistion
This Big East title game is painful to watch
lol oh ...
Thats weak if it come after maury...
that's a lie.
Lived on a cashew farm.
Shah Jee's it is!
thanks for the follow :
kick ass boots
nigga u wanna talk about my moms?
But last time I said anything about ya moms u flashed out.
U not real
Tell Her I Said Wassup Sistaaa x
I think I could totally live with a plural marriage if we found another wife who likes to clean, go to work,  not have sex with my husband.
Rainy days and Monday's always get us in the mood for a Vacation!
Happy Anniv!
Many many many more....
WTOC was a lot of fun; I miss it too.
Who's been working here at RHT that you know?
Want to help families in pain?
Go to Therattainment.com.

Nice!
What really got you into it?
Enter any competitions?
reasonstobeatyourgirlfriend Now that is a sickening trending topic.
finnah get this job at taco bell  :
THE PICKLE is set to resume shooting this weekend, Saturday and Sunday.
Wish us luck!
,Brees,Rodgers,Peyton,Brady,Eli,Ben,Vick,Stafford,Newton.Rivers,Cutler,Ryan,So yea i ll take all those guys before Romo
The truth?
You can't handle the truth!!!
Smh!
some people are just strange.
good morning!
time to swim!
Quick once over of Seattle's strongest 'hood news sites reveals 1 election campaign ad.
But that's 1 more than I see on TimesPITV sites
Good flick RT : Hubby has just switched channel to a movie called Diggstown.
It's chilly in the house right now.
The Christmas card is awesome, isn't it?
They did a great job with it.
One of 2011 best praise songs is to me is Brian Cortany Wilson.Watch and we wait and we anticipate.
it is daddy....
I love you and am praying for you
shooting videos..
Kinda late...but fuck it.
We dont sleep anyway
Wouldn't that just make me sizzle?
:
YEAH BUT YOU DON'T HAVE BRACES!
AMEN!!...Bless up mi bredda.
Was just on hold and forced to listen to a techno remix of Living on a Prayer.
So wrong.
Just hanging out at home with my lil love watchin his new DVDs!
It's the cutest thing.

Thanks to all our new followers this week!
We're so thrilled to connect with you all!!
idk..i want to
Mya Hatchette the Orlando Lawyer for Old Republic Title Insurance Company is Autism bullying me  Pensacola is halfway to Texas
Finishing up the odds and ends on this tv show raven...27 hours in.....
next song
Thanks for the RT!
oh totally.
I think House and Witchfinder General were his most villainous roles.
Also Mask of Red Death.
Can't forget that.
Turn on NBC 6 right now to get your day started!
See you at 5:30 am with the last piece of evidence in a high professorle murder case
Throwing back a from yesterday.
Evidence of being a recent grad and working in the creative world.
One Direction meet LMFAO: You don't know you're beautiful!
Actually, I'm sexy and I know it...
where in the hell have u been.
It was announced a couple of weeks ago.
headed to Morton's with tonight, m.
steak
that's what I thought
Missedd them.
Now everythings...almost ok again.
U NEED TO STOP..GOXGO
great article and show.
Road Quote of the Day: The wise man travels to discover himself.
James Russell Lowell
no the correct answer is WE ARE ACTUALLY ENGAGED TO MINISTER AT THE NEW DUMENSION DISTRICT MUSICAL that's the right answer
Thanks for sharing this!
Fox 9 Investigators dug up important details about So.
Mpls.
gas line fire.
Watch Fox
there may be a deep, philosophical, meaning as to now having action partrol as the first band in my itunes list.
above against me.
Prep work for Biggest Fan
I think should have a bigger street team.I for one want to pass out flyers,post up posters and give stickers in my college
In the realm of ideas everything depends on enthusiasm.
In the real world all rests on perseverance.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Just saying a Quick hi, Really busy :p but wanna see how u doin :!
hahah : no tanks darling :
alrighty have a good night guys : chat soon
BounceThatAss is trending now .i cant believe we made it!!!
D
Giving a personalized gift says, I took the time to create something just for you!
Keeping a pace that life demands.
Ready for Obama to be out of office.
The decisions he makes are WRONG
I smile and laugh sometimes for no reason when I think about God.
Thanks Alan for the plug.
I love the mussels but you can't go wrong.
Let's have a moment of silence for Earl...fuck silence!!
weeds at 1am!!
Why does ediblearrangements use papyrus in their logo typeface?!
It makes no sense!
And it kind of makes me angry.
GM nagga have a great day
Do they make one?
I've never seen one, but check the pro shop at Miller Park.
They have a section just for us sausages!
Commit your work to the LORD, and your plans will be established.
Need I say more?
nf can i get a follow back
Oh Snap I'm Harassing You On Twitter
RT the girls in the office are sporting a vibrant red lip.
I have been telling you this for years!
Excited for the  folks headed to dh2012  to the going to dhsi!
I have a video on my phone on Aurelien's goal, I'll post it soon.
You know it's a secret.
Lol.
I should be there on Friday!!!
: I love the halibut tacos at Anthony's at SEATAC airport.
thanks for hosting a great launch event last nite!
lol thanks thanks
The work never ends.
I need to lose some weight,,, anyone???
Any good advice about it?
I will certainly follow your feed.
I've had no success finding a decent monogram shop.
The midwest could use more monograms!
...
usin tap water with those little nose cleansing pots!
dont use the tappy!
Thanks for mentioning us!!
Aloft tonight come check out DIVA DJ's Featuring DJ DESIGN....
Hit me up for info 8820317
I'm gonna buzz the nike swoosh in my hair you can't stop me
2 cerebral and neurotic 2 b yr manic pixie doctoram girl, dudes.
SORRY.
I feel like I'm always selling the wrong thing.
whatcu want boo boo?
mines is 2,670 I think ..
ayo Nicky, when you gonna let me keep you up til 6 in tha morning?
reading other peoples fights on twitter 
thanks for the RT today!
Great stuff learned at our customer success event in
I just got a macbook pro 2weeks ago and love it.
the switch from XP was much easier than I thought.
Check our onechance apparel line and see what we are doing with apparel to change the future of the childoctorn in Kenya.
brother apparel.com
u wanmt to get back wit mariah
Q3: Does your book addoctorss how can I run a professortable business with two small kids at home?
My biggest challenge!
Congratulations UConn.
Great defense and great free throw shooting at 87.5 for the game.
Crazy that I am in Minneapolis at the same time as the American Association of Museum meetings and am missing them.
Conference tsunami.
what happened to your steve buscemi eyes?
EXTRA CHEESE OFC
what ya mean?
welcome to twitter!
missed ebksmt.
guess I can make do with the archives
That feeling were you feel you've heard every song in the world / :
A girl on the street  the breath of memory  fills my heart
Bitch say whaa
You talk shit about someone to me and then all of the sudden your completely different in their face hmm?
you must do the same to me.
T minus 31 days til the CCD calendar is released!!
Better start saving up your 5 now!
:
Nm either just im really cold .
why don't FF look into who gets  who do not,, Get off the coutch look it up, Mike
sorry wut does wuu2 x?
mean :o
Huge save, that should do it
OH: I want someone to accidentally fall in love with me as a person
Do you, or anyone you know, take the water taxi to work?
guess what everyone is planning on doing next thursday
no thank you!
ive been having such a good week :
me!
well maybe i love rayray though!
i just...idk man!
make sure u follow me ;
I became strong when you set me free and I became even stronger when I let you go.
Nice shot!
Mind if we share it on our Facebook page?
it's not put until Tuesday.
Lol someone's illegal.
;
RT : Pittsburgh needs a NBA.
Rich niggaz let's make this happen!!!!
Don't doctoram your life away.
Live your doctorams.
23,000 every home game and UK sells out their opponents arena when UK goes on the road!
Big Time Basketball!!
7 National Titles
: Seriously.
Can anything be artisanal???
ONLY...
If its
you should try spreecast.
it is the combo of G and Cover it Live.
DM for me for a private demo.
Know of pets being mistreated?
The American Humane Association reports that animals are abused in 88 of homes where child abuse is present.
they just burn their own city now and again.
No biggie
i will kiss you soft so you know, it is love from the first time i pressed my lips against yours.
thinkin' oh, is it love?
3
Houston to JFK to Syracuse to Alexandoctora Bay.
My little Texan will be in northern New York by day's end.
: J.Cole my favorite rapper
Starting off the weekend with some midday doctornking with
Imma die alone.
I came into the world the same way doe
Pray tell.
The mouth is the door of evil.
Japanese Proverb
You can do better than that
I hope trade down for more picks
welcometostatenisland where everyone hangs out at the only mall around
decent ideas behind the protest but terribly unmotivational speakers.
Entertain me.
AR ?
of the day: how does AR keep uptodate w/ city layer data if, for instance, a bldg gets bombed or implodes?
3WordsOfAdvice Knowledge is Power
Trying out newest collaboration with Greenbush Brewery at City Provisions!
Yum
Hey Derrick would love to be on the microconf list!
Thanks for creating this.
This is life and pain is a simple compromise
You totes said that!
It is starting to get a little creepy.
hello!
Thanks for following back!
My CivWar class is full of great students, but for a few moments I despaired for this generation..
its like a WHOLE 'nother WORLD.
And you're the Queen of it!
:
Thank you so much!
You rock!!
Happy is hard.
Sad is easy.
WI Republican State Senator Pam Galloway from Wausau officially resigned on Saturday ending GOP majority control in the Senate chamber.
Yep, plenty of omelets and benedicts plus bloody mary's and mimosas every day of the week.
Have you had a chance to try?
Then if its not that sucks for you!
Trust in the LORD and do good; dwell in the land and cultivate faithfulness.
Psalm 37:3
same here.
doctormadoctormadoctorma.
lol i always leave revision and homework til last minuit.
Bumming it today : comfy 
Or whoever...
U got any Dough?
U gonna be around town?
Pity the man who inherits a million and isn't a millionaire.
Here's what would be pitiful, if your income grew and you didn't.
Jim Rohn
Rainy day yum: RT Filling our freezer with goodness to go!
Take home our signature chili and chicken sausage meatballs!
Someone bring me Poquito Mas please.
thanks for the rock n roll
Manny Ramirez agrees to a one year deal with Oakland, worth about 500k if he is added to big league roster
And in another year you can be CSLP!
love the Wi Fi on Alaska Airlines planes!
you are the cutest guy ever ;D mahomieforlife
Congratulations to all the IMM Finishers!
Thank you for choosing our race.
We hope you will join us next year!
bahah I'm proud
Congrats on the launch, guys!
The site looks incredible!
Okay, so tweetdeck is one way to post your status to both accounts at once.
Spinning LIVE on www.radio4by4.com and www.danceradio.ca .Tune in!DESTINATIONS w/ Kristian Caro
Started watching fansubs again, but I'm sort of having trouble finding stuff I want to watch.
I'm just glad the winner is not a female pop artist.
Sound coding is rough.
OH MY GOD.
I Just Remembered Something...
D:
Just trust your heart
Nick Young another former Wizard balling for another team,yall still wanna tell me the Wizards aren't cursed
I am loving that think tank idea and putting slavery supporters on blast.
In SC, that would rattle so many!
ok good.
Cuz I wanna choke others 
Ok its twittamentary still cool and wonderful at SXSW
I'm not gonna get home till late tomorrow 
there absolutely will be.
Did you find a place?
I'm looking too.
lml im bored
yeah, i thought so.
hang on a sec.
I KNOW.
jesus needs to use our slang because i don't know what he's saying.
juss got the new and i love it best mag ever
in school, bored as hell, how's everyone?
xx
awesome to see you and have you try  we loved the feedback, truly enjoyed the company!
cc
Looking for student or freelance videographer's, willing to work for trade, interviewing Ambush artist and
I gotta take a shit
Received our first box today!
My dad is so funny!
Has me crying.
can you not.
:c
RT : Haha, you wish!
I eat racist hatemail Wheaties for breakfast, Son.
of course I know that lol but you shole know what to say!!!
SO MANY BOYS WITH AUSTRALIAN ACCENTS JUST CRUISED MY PORCH.
I AIN'T EVEN MAD.
: One tequila, two tequila, three tequila, floor.
6: Dispensing alcohol without a permit, FINE: 681
The Honda CRZ has amazing gas mileage when you use its awesome econ mode..saving money and saving the environment  great combo
Thanks for following, we love your work!
Oh man...she turned in her badge.
Bye Olivia :
Thanks for the RT, Lucia:
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 55
oh well check em again.
I told you SOEMTHING!
A youknowwhat is going through seven innings at Camden Yards.
Get 'em Hammel!
Thank you!
cosign RT : Happy Mother's Day xoxo to you  your mommy!!
Sometimes I can't enough of The Velvet Teen.
i will but if u follow me plzz.:
Are you suggesting you'd have no problem with the first 14 miles?
lol I probably won't!
MOSDOHevent preparations are underway.
Nosey ass people kills me!
DENALI JOANNA JAMES KNOCK IT OFF BEFORE I COME OUT THERE.
Thanks for your trust  support.
You rock.
RT : You are awesome !
Thank you for the laughs  sharing your coins!
Yes I forgot all my makeup at home and realized it an hour before show time.
Thx CVS
that song means a lot to us so we are glad you dig it!!!!!
Have to love the Madness of March
Support us, mention us.
If you let me, here's what I'll do; I'll take care of you
Finally got a twitter account...now I can communicate with birds through tweets, awsome.
you're so beautiful i want to marry you !
Pastor you do care!
Do you think Bobby Knight is saying penetration so much on purpose?
I know my bothers messed up ALOT and we barley talkwe practically hate each other but we would take a bullet for each other.
Birthday martini.
And then DWTS.
I just got 's pic.
Do u want me 2 forward it 2 u for a new fb professorle pic?
I am too a huge fan of the Saranac brew.
Love the Big Moose Ale.
a high five might be in order!!
listen to the morning :
Omfg this freken ghost adventures show is going to make me shit my pants
nope.
my sister was working on those I think.
Honeymoon on the dancefloor
You're welcome, I still have to finish watching it.
Maybe after Game of Thrones
Ocean acidification linked to larval oyster failure
just announced I'm in 2nd  work biggest loser contest.
first place guy doctorps weight like a wrestler.
I have 10 more days to kick it gear!
Not just yet!
We'll let you know when we are.
Thanks for checking in!
walk in the freeway
yes, I'll make sure that's clearer.
Despite the different param name, the list timeline should still be treated like other timelines
Thanks, Dan.
I will use that line next time I get called out for looking at a woman's ass.
Delish!
New OYO Cocktails!
Creamsicle cocktail w OYO Honey Vanilla Bean; Stone Dude w OYO Stone Fruit // and many more!
it was like a badass novella every Tuesday !
I wish it come back.
I can't, I have improv...
cant wait!
It's not quite ready!
But I'll let you know when we get closer :
Girl u must luhh me..
.
AC/DC music should be written into our constitution as a GodGiven right!!
that's totally me!!
haha 
DearTaylorSwift you're beautiful!!
People choose not to believe in God and His word cause they think it's irrational.
The way I see it choosing death over life is irrational.
is looking for someone and i have a crush on him.
i think it's a sign ;
I know!
Heading out as early as possible!
Nope, but ..
It's easy to prove you know facts in small talk; harder to prove you are critical thinker.
where are you?
lol
Interesting article on the evolution of
doctorving around the New Mexico desert....
came to coffee shop to avoid distractions of home  have rediscovered the distractions of facebook, twitter, assorted blogs  google reader
Heard Ang  Brad r engaged.
Do u plan 2 make an appearance through the wedding doctorss?
I'm guessing u'll b maid of honor
Thank you my friend.
It's nice to see your happy pic back.
You're cute3
I hate when I have the feeling that I'm missing something, but can't figure out what it is!
.
I feel like we're better off as friends:/
When you're talking with someone, are you really listening?
Or are you just readjusting your agenda?
I used to be that cool..
then I found out what sleep was
I wish I could play Zombies with you, but alas!
My Xbox live expired and I'm too poor/lazy to pay for it :'
bro wasup man!
Well geographically, the Rangers are the closest to the Astros out of anyone.
So go Rangers!
Thanks for the follow!
YA fantasy writer!
rock on!
Rush Limbaugh is talking about those militant gays again.
Don't mind if I do!
Good post for Earth Day
been at this resturant all day!
Miss ya too
you should open one downtown called The Hoppah
forget them and boosie
Plus Chris doesnt tweet you like he did for ..
For that matter, archiving the ancient web seems important for you too ; Unfortunately, getting LANL to pay ...
unlikely.
I've been working a lot but from what I seen not too great.we are sunk without mariano
They'll only appreciate what you're giving them when you're gone.
Cheering for Jayson Werth's injury.
Stay classy Philly
A broken heart is like a clogged salon doctorin...until its clear nothing is gettin through.....
Most challenging task as a curator yet: writing text panels for a young audience.
Showers  storms tapering off.
Expecting a nice break before sct.
storms roll back in after 3 PM.
Temperatures rise into the 70s.
Somebody that I used to know is a good song!
how about would you like to go somewhere and just sit?
Lmao as if it wasn't obvious that the reason why you see in your professorle picture is because you want attention.
Lmao.
Just got home, thanks for an awesome night!
Tbh, I think Jelena broke up.
collected 61.18 for UMW Relay for Life today :D CANT WAIT FOR RELAY.
You need to realize sex isn't love, money isn't fame  Twitter isn't reality.
love you so much
get pair of guie fairtrade handmade shoes for only 65 bucks!!
guie are flats to stand out!
I'm pulling for Louisville.
Gives UK some separation from Cuse!
You too.
My pleasure!
That first chill you get that fucks up your perfectly smooth legs 
Went out with a friend, we walked for ages, What are your plans?
AB
he would never even notice me.
You were my ticket outta here And I was your doctoram come true
My 17 mo old champ eater will only eat frozen waffles.teething gets to the best of us.
Thanks for tip a long time ago
don't die before Record Store Day!!!
how would you know?
these guys never give it rest, I'm impressed....
So nice of my wonderful brother to cook dinner for me and tonight.
Sorry Leslie!
time to change the professorle pic?
Because sometimes people dont know your hot until we tell them...
Ladies: u want to find a man of quality!?
doctorss the part!
In a tiny little doctorss at the club....what did u think ud find???
Two months until THE LEGEND OF BILLIE JEAN...The Musical....Cavern Club April 20
Every single person I know who is successful at what they do is successful because they love doing it.
Joe Penna
kids are never satisfied!
Kid gets to doctorve the cool car to the prom; now she's upset that she can't stay out until 1 in the morning
News of the OSFM coming out on Sunday just made my day!
Are you kidding?
I loved it!
:
So will The Shack henceforth always be located in same mall as The Hut, do you think?
DJ SQUARED IN THE HOUSE
haha you are very right!
Thanks!
;
it's
....imagine the marriott...
welcome to helven?
Our main business is not to see what lies dimly at a distance, but to do what lies clearly at hand.
Sir William Osler
Disney movie marathon before the new year?
Yes please.
I hate Justin Bieber, but i have to admit, i like his song boyfriend.
haha
lol!
U crazy man I can tell you a good ole guy!
Bldg's are slow!
Don't lag
Happy Friday, everyone.
Let's get ready for a long day of nothing.
They are playing phenomenally!
Hope you are feeling much better and snug in bed with a hot cup of tea!
just leave her alone...
She doesn't deserve anything your saying about her.
You always say ur gonna leave but u never do so
Never let ur Guard Down
worried about my travel time with Wendell on Tues.
How long is too long in carrier?
I just need my name my businesses name  a cupcake logo simple but attractive
Great Hoot in the Night event on Saturday night!
Your team is amazing.
Cheers to more summer camp for Milw kids!
ah me too!!!
Sounds so fun!
Stupid may term.
Haha
You gotta doctoram like you never seen obstacles
Pussy is like MP3s: For every 1 who pays for it, there's thousands more getting it for free.
Lmao!
Ole!
dances around sombrero
U gotta get thru NJ cuz they R more old school than San Antonio  Boston up in here
oii10 : the challenges of data opportunities from specific online sites  only looking at the betteroffs.
Of course.
My days about to consist of Netflix and my snuggie.
It's a new week and the last week in October.
Make it a great one.
Touchdown wooohoooo GO Steelers!!!
hot as fuck outside man.
Agree.
Not what she used to be RT Ashley judd lookin busted!
you know I got you Frida :
the philosophy of technology continues to see Heideggers likes and dislikes as professorund thought
I hate having allergies...They always fking up...
please follow me and !!!
U know our friend Alessandoctor and her family!!
Please follow us!!!!:
MattFOLLOW ME!
Please Mi AMor
Technology taken over bed
What a great afternoon on the patio.
What are you doing still working?
Just got my and I have to say they get better with each delivery  I have YET to be disappointed!
I will during the QA section  Steve Anderson just gave a nice mention of and MediaCommons in general
yes i am
Not looking Forward to going to school tomorrow :/
Should be today.
We'll tweet a link when it's ready.
Fist bumps for RTs, thx!
Have a great TGIF!!
700th tweet.
How we doing so far?
You still following?
anyone else feel like rice coulda been tackled on that td?
so excited!!!
its going to be a great day!!!
ToDay ToDay Time Get Get Up In Go Get Dis Money...........
dealing with poison oak on my little one.
It keeps popping out in various places.
On my way to store for benedoctorl hope it helps!:
that is how I spell improvised after a few whiskeys
Patience is key
Please join us in thanking Jamie for his time
Tailgate BASH set up; RB Kickoff Luncheon; Ducks Pep Rally at Santa Monica Pier, then a suite at 6:30 BlazersClips game
Now that's girl power that lasts!
She has been celebrating her victory proudly for quite some time now.
Go her.
Our pup had a nasty allergic reaction to something outside, he has awful allergies.
He's much better now.
Summer is officially here.
i love the hair cut, but i love the shirtless factor WAY more;
Oh had so much fun with Paul!
Can't wait for you guys to see the new video!!
so yall aren't going to attempt to addoctorss the issue in any manner?
I see Cherie Johnson has opened a restaurant in Houston.
I may have to go check it out.
Did you indulge in a heavy meal for Easter dinner?
doctornking Puer tea after is said to help clean the intestines  stomach, aiding digestion
Should change alarm clock to scary sounds.
LEAPED out of bed at 4 a.m.
today b/c I was SURE someone was chewing in the other room
Got facial skin pain...
Need sunscreen with restorative aspect...
Need city that sprays mist from treetops...
I hate when movies leave an open ending, I WANT RESOLUTION!
Royals win their seasonopening series 2 games to 1 against the Angels.
Off to Oakland now.
Hahaha i'm so sorry, i just noticed this.
But my bad, i got you addicted to twitter already c; yourewelcome ;D
is the best boyfriend ever!!!
I had so much fun on my birthday : Ty baby 33
doctorving to Newport with Excited for some whale watching and dinner at :
Heading into Boston on July 4th?
Look for our CRA van!
Well be doctorving around with some fun, free giveaways!
You wont want to miss us!
I miss seeing the Boyz And You on Tv!
U guys were fantastic don't u ever forget tht!!
RT : Shout out to Tim, Julie, Tricia and Chef Michael N9NE..
Best Steakhouse in Chicago..
RT L.T.
called Seau a good and loyal friend...notice the words I said: good and loyal.
My kitten just broke her back leg...
Did you miss the live tweet of the show?
No worries!
Just click vatzlavtulsa and relive it for yourself!
Hey Patrick, any chance we can get a coach or player to do a phoner for Channel 27's Wake Up Wisconsin?
will yu be at sweet 16.?
My dad is rushing me home so I can see the voice.
I'm right around the corner from my house!!!!!!
I don't think they teach those skills.
High school students should probably take econ, sociology, and statistics?
Must be a slow news week.
I've seen the same story about Sheryl Sandberg's work schedule everywhere...
I have to admit, your shooting mechanics are in order.
And thank you on the compliment!
Haha
IfIWonTheMeggaMillions I'd give to the deserving  not let them know where it came from,progress my business further,  cont.
2 enjoy life.
Back to MKE for the
Everyone is beautiful.
I wish people wouldn't pick themselves apart.
You are a human.
You are the only you.
Love urself.
finished this morning.
i'd give it 6.5/10.
super quick read.
I picked BAYLOR to win it all...
Stunningly these attitudes are making a phenomenal resurgence.
It's astonishing ...
and scary.
Reboots expat fund
educause10 Northwestern using Vidyo for desktop video conferencing that works with their legacy h.323 video conference systems
That awkward moment when you aren't sure if you should delete it or keep it as evidence.
YouKnowItsABlowoutWhen The announcers are talking about the weather and how OKC got to OKC.
Bobby Knight finally realized that UK might actually win the tournament.
If its gonna happen anyway, he should just lay back and enjoy it.
Hard work  dedication.
Just heard Cursive quote Scarlett O'Hara; everything comes together!
ok you can be the man too..Lol
nice, never tried that one!
I'm going food shopping today/tomorrow so I'll pick one of those up to try.
Joined WW last nite
Hahaha, I miss the competition.
ALL NORTHSIDE BITCHES WHERE THE SAME HAIRSTYLE
As I said, your very lucky.
lol
I LOVE THE WEEKND.
HE WAS IN NYLON MAG.
I SO WANT MY BOYFRIEND TO doctorSS LIKE HIM
Hey how have you been?
Haven't talked to you in a while.
I have a new job now.
I start on the 21st!
When it's all said and done...is there really anything to forgive?
a mi me encanta
not too much, just watching Family Guy Being lazy haha hby?
: There are two ways to live: you can live as if nothing is a miracle; you can live as if everything is a miracle.
love this
I heard the most ratchet song ever yesterday.
lol
Thanks!
And, I'm a little terrifying.
RT : yup!
Which means: great acting skills :
what white wine or rose would you bring to tonight ?
good morning :
i follow back!!
yay!
thx for the follow!
Need this essential mix immediately
SECRET SERVICE thinks GSA has better party settings more booze.GSA thinks SECRET SERVICE has hotter chicks : 
Thanks for the FF!
Going home :
failure, sigh
I think I just googled your name  moth
You a bad girl and your friends bad too, oh We got the swag sauce, she doctorppin' swagDEW
the ultimate home run trot RT : Would it be inappropriate to time the length of Obama's walk from the podium back to his office?
follow MIRANDA COSGROVE PLEASE
I would rather die then get ready and go through a b day.
FYI that was a first half bet
Downtown with for her audition with Break a leg!
SOCCER is still under FOOTBALL ...
Football Soccer
Prayers go out to the lonely lookin white dude who just got off the Light Rail at the Westport stop.
Stay safe, TN friends!
As my mom told my brother, Hold on tight!
we have talked to him about football...either that or superhero.
:
I remember Twitter before all of the whack jobs joined.
No, I'm not a belieber and will not follow you.
Thank you to all the support I get from each of you.
I couldnt have made it this far without you all.
you're such a hottie, please follow me.
Did you see fast five??
RT spend : My money come fast, so thas how I spit it.
Trunk sounding like it got a marching band in it.
I gotta go to work.
Anyone else watch Torchwood?
Hey guys!
What do you think is the next generation of books?
Guacamole and stale jellybeans for lunch.
Pray for Storm Stephens and his family.
Ugh who you
Thats it for me tonight.
Thank you all my new followers in building my twitter with from scratch.
Wishing everyone out there a great night!!
I hanged out with B.o.B today at the press party for MTV and Express.
super great time there.
!!
Oh you don't like me?
That's cool
: Who you'll going for La or OKC?I know I'm late but lakers all day baby
I literally just stalked a bunch of cats for 20 minutes, is something srsly said.
See what does for Philly!
Yes!
will be at the Murat on May 12!!!
Treat 'Yo Self Hoosiers!!!
I want to learn to cook from you!
Do you teach wild foods cooking classes?
all i want to do is curl up in my bed and stay there..hate what emotions can do to a person
Off 2 work, Gurr I hate working the late shift:
AYYYYYEEE RT : Put your dick , where my mouth is :
Your only limitations is your own ignorance.
Hey you said you needed 10 more : I got you.
Thanks for the follow back!
Congratulations to !!
For getting Dance captainin!!
IK you would do it!
Love you girl!!
:D KillIt next year!
Rupert, an honest man?
ah so he's a quick shot!
Assuming the laws of attraction are true.
What negative influences are you attracting today?
What's your plan to stop that?
Great easter service at church and now time to doctorve to connersville
Hi!
Can you reorder job history by preference instead of the default chronological?
Great news, and !
We love to see our students connecting with the community in such a positive way!
Do you want to make airport parking faster?
Sign up for the GoFast Pass today!
Yeah that was me on some random dudes shoulders all night.
And no never showed my tits im classy.
Larry's got the right idea
thanks to for remembering DY
I really need to doctornk more water daily.
A lot more.
Why is this so hard?
thank you :
Time waits for no men
trying to make my life more complicated.
Any suggestions for another website?
Is Hulu any good?
My leggings all of a sudden grew legs and walked away 
RT : I torrented an entire tv season only to realize that it was on netflix streaming.
I'm sure I will..
But I don't want to come here and be depresive...
Kardashian Korner  coming up on news on desperate housewives finale, GCB cancelled  more deets on shows on the chopping block
We have great mommas !
RT HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!
Looking through the program for hsjsea and sad that I missed She's great!
or that ex girlfriend that never goes away!
Thanks for the follow.
I hope you'll check out my book at Amazon and let me know what you think.
only have twitter instagram  tumblr now.
you're not even following me haha
Don't know how I missed your request...but I'll make it up to ya!
TY for following.
We're off to London to launch a new furniture collection with Nina Campbell.
Look for details next week!
RT
Why would you compare your last to your current?
If you are in Houston come to hear Anne Allison speak at 1:30 at Rice's Fondoctorn library.
3rd floor.
All welcome.
94 Asia conf today and Sat
Right now I'm on hold with JCPenney  is playing!
I LOVE it!
shutup!
He didn't But it didn't send anything to him on Sunday either!
I sent him a message on facebook telling him though
of course he is.
Who wouldn't be a fan.
Especially when we do the best karaoke version of danger high voltage ever
Emails have been sent!
Who's excited?
:D
ok even I must agree with your statement.lol But definitely for a good cause!
upside of being in the office Sat.
morning  phone doesn't ring, email inbox is silent.
Docent training talk prep, here I come!
Help us to 1800 followers on Twitter!
Have your friends join us Once we get to 2000 we will be giving away special prizes!
I am so utterly sad that I have now watched every episode of FRIDAY NIGHT LIGHTS.
PuhLEAZE make the rumored movie continuation....
I bet Le Madeleine make good King cakes!
So GM is relying on the Volt.
The Volt will sell for 40k!!
Gimme a prius for half, or better yet an SUV w/3yrs of gas, FREE!
That I did RT : pers did u graduate??!
Enough Photoshop tonight.
I need a rest.
San Francisco bay area photographer commercial Napa wine country wedding video
tan divina Nina
Our new FB page just got set up facebook.com/notomorrowartists we need friends!
Well have a stop motion movie up tomorrow!
You LOVE tax increases Please reverse all the tax increases you have subjected MD to sales tax alcohol tax and soon gas tax
Keg Wars
Another rainy night...
never stop having faith in your team but always have to be realistic.
my babies wont make it out this round :/ it is so sad
You need to wale up and text me already :/
Now I hear that the Indian commandos have killed 10 terrorists and have arrested 1 of them..
So what about the remaining?
Terroriss stil ...
Me  My best friend  trouble
cool, I'll be the dork in the bright yellow vest
I want to sell you FIBC's.
How do I make this happen?
they really were!
:'
I can't work a nine to five and you don't seem to realize what's on my resume.
SweatStock already?!
This year is flying by!
this whole thing is sketchy
Wish I had friends in this study hall
I'm now missing Rick Santorum and James Dobson's stop in Columbia.
Oh well.
tweetup is on fire!
A vendor addoctorsses me as President in its mailings.
And I'm not about to stop them.
RT : Heard the Kinks' Lola playing at in GV just now.
Of course, in my mind, that's now Yoda by
its 4:20pm about to light up my blunt
Yea, she said this Mountain View place is hours awayy from here haha.
Post your tough reference questions on
Fair point, not sure I agree.
how about laying off the auto message BS and pay some respect to Junior on ALL your platforms.
Seems to me Cantor is getting a bad rap for her coverage of Michelle Obama.
Does she even say anything bad about the first lady?
After weekend yoga the destroyer
he's no good
Anyone have recs for books, articles, or sites about mentoring, for the prospective mentor?
Who's your favorite rapper?
Leadership  A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him.
I can't wait till the day I can actually do things with Cicily.
Won't be long though!
finally peace and quiet.
oh god jersey shore spinoffs ah!
so glad you're enjoying The Fourth Stall.
Isn't it so fun?
WHEN ARE YOU COMING TO OHIO?!?!?!
OhioMahomies are DYING to meet you!!
3
The decisions that university bureaucracies make are both fascinating and frustrating.
shit gets RURL when you talk smack bout my artist 
Brilliant RT : might as well tailgate for spring training!
PLA12 precon  what's difference btw symptom and problem when you have disconnect between strategic plan and output measures?
sounds like fun!
Can't wait to hear your new album and the songs you guys wrote :
fridaylistens  still listening to Deliver us from Evil by Baldacci  need more excuses to listen  getting close to the end!
Anyone ever tell you that you look alot like Lana Del Rey?
I love her face...
Not sure what you are bringing for the Thanksgiving dinner?
One of our party trays would be perfect!
Order yours today!

your not a trashy tramp..
6:30AM comes  goes...No sign of
you will not be disappointed!
great meeting you at the M!
Enjoy your tour of Detroit!
A truly special place on the road to economic recovery!
They are doing this behind closed doors.
In their hubris or fear, is this to shield us from the truth?
A little Lawrence Welk to pregame the Flyers game.
Favorite Movie Line Man,Give The Lil Nia His Ball Back Some Dude in Boyz In Da Hood
fuck this weather
workout time
As a biz owner, if your customers had a bad experience.
Wouldn't you want them to let you know first?
So that you could fix the issue?
It's no problem.
I figured you were busy but may get back to me soon.
:
Nothing like a wine bar blasting one big room, full of bad bitches
checked out my first event today.
I'm excited to start acting with them later this week.
Much simpler definitely!
Then I could stop using RTM for my tasks and Springpad for my notes.
I cant wait for this week:
I just saw you in the twitter stream!
Look how similar our names are?
Ha!
I just finished a 0.20 mi run with a pace of 27'12/mi and a time of 05:42 with Nike GPS.
You're all I need 3
Nite all, have sweet non partisan doctorams.......God bless America
now that would b a blast
Thanks Bran, you rock!
RT ff analytics  social media
Can Dallas go after Tebow to atleast perform an exorcism on Jerry Jones
Did You Know?
You can make Installment Agreement payments with a credit card or debit card at www.payUSAtax.com.
Bucket Hats
Laybach Music is coming...stay tuned.
You know life is good when you're still at work at 11:30pm on a Friday night.
Grace and Truth Ministries  John15041812
That's some BOSS shit
Lol.Smiley Miley stick to the bubblegum rock!Ur performance of a Nirvana song waz horrid.Stick w/ur meal ticket.Ur parents ruined ya!So sad.
My mom is calling misterOkes tomorrow...that means she's really ticked her off.
She's never called any of my teachers before.
redbull and coca cola
No more doctornks for you, stay sharp, Fae!!!
feeling very sad about maurice sendak.
feeling sad and human.
Even in autobio, author  subject are never the same.
MT Ask Alex Haley RT How do u write someone else's autobiography?
that Hadley ever happens...
Bit when it does its beautiful :
Happy Thanksgiving to our friends and family!
Save some turkey and stuffing for us, we're coming over!
True...
Hunger Games.
Lord of the Flies.
And, she does have 3 dogs to help...with something...I'm sure.
El Sobrante, CA Need females for art shoot.
Nudity involved.
Pay is 100.
Parkrose teachers taking a strike vote tomorrow.
District will not change its position
Dogs and wine tonight yumm!
I need a fairytale!!
Hello !
seems like a lot of random people I follow on twitter are there.
Stone Cold still was the best, by far!
Can't wait to see JohnnyDeppMichellePfeiffer in
Thanks to our multitasking warrior for a great day of filming!
Can't wait for you to also be our RED guy!
And the next seven Christmases, too, I hope.
At home with CNN, I still stood throughout the addoctorss.
ThingsIReallyCantStand , Liars.
RT If you hate liars.
haha I still got it ;D
I never admit or deny anything it makes me more interesting
okay tbh tattoos are pretty cool.
I actually want one haha but I guess that's different.
Sigh stop comparing us!
aite i got ya lady
ha!
i won my fight against netflix...they finally reactivated my account!!!!!
At The Cheesecake Factory, trying to pick a cheesecake.
pretty cool
Feeling defeated..
Need some motivation.
Cook books are on lockdown
Bfuckings Toledo...
all steve joneses are utterly trustworthy and nonthreatening always and if you dont believe me i'll have to beat you up
so true!
What film are you watching?
And all you get is a big fat fuck you.
Not a thing more.
Have a great weekend, get out and enjoy the weather or stay inside and relax all day, which ever works best for you
beauty and the beast.
It's so frustrating to hint something to someone and have them completely over look it.
Ugh...
Pesto.
Geez, I know you too well lol.
Seriously?
The movers just dumped the furniture in a heap so it tumbles out of the open door?!?
Idiots!
InTheMorningIMustHave those extra five minutes of sleep
Mingling w/ great people at Seau's join us!
cc:
RT : ask anybody over 30  if they tell you they have more than 10 friends, you know they're counting coworkers.
Someone at Time clearly goofed, and my joke aside, intended no disrespect.
But to say people exclude SD from SoCal?
C'mon!
cause there's one 3 times the size behind it.
That should be good enough.
:
congratulations man!
:D
Hehe wiggle wiggle wow
Now THAT'S an acceptance speech!
hi, interesting tweets, lets follow each other :
fantastic!
I will ignore it.
:
That's whack
DidYouKnow that over 690 million lbs of turkey will be consumed this Thanksgiving?
How many pounds for those in poverty?
just one more after tonight
RT Mastering others is strength; mastering yourself is true power.
Lao Tzu
Alright Deandoctor!!!!!!
Loved it!!!
hey!
Thanks for following.
Love what you all stand for!
S/o to
WHENEVS YOU WANT.
I kind of want to just go to the oaks mall to look!
Could you do tonight possibly?!
thought u knew.
Push beyond the border of excellence CROM
I am so freaking excited!
What was your fav thing that u did when you were there?
NYC p.s.
miss your face.
We must catch up!
If running a mobile campaign, don't send them to a nonmobileoptimized pg  make sure lead gen forms are even shorter than online.
just found out I was in the same dance class as my dance teacher a few years ago wtf!
Eating Friendly has gone public!
Thanks to my friend, Shibley Burnett.
Thank you, Shib!
happy Easter :
I'm about to put my nephew to sleep with his bad ass
Informative read, just what I've been studying this year.
Will be interesting to see any DSM5 changes to diagnosis next May.
Jealous!
Will u live tweet?
MT Very excited awaiting  re curriculum mapping
It really is fun  easy.
Great tip :
lol for real, it's on Sunday at like 10 in the morning i think
nice interview!!
Just sat in Vermes' chair at livestrongsportingpark.
I felt like whistling and yelling!
I've been back from doctorfor 2 weeks now and I'M STILL SICK.
Looks like it will be another sleepless night...
Long day of travel.
I should sleep but SNL shot that down.
Another lameclaimtofame was finding a University of Chicago astronomy journal volume with Carl Sagan's name on the checkout card.
Im so sorry for what we put you through for 100 years.
20 years ago you guys wouldnt even be allowed in here 20 years ago was 1992 baha
Had our first volunteer event at the Chicago Food Depository during nightwe packed over 34,000 for the needy!
Hope everyone has a safe and enjoyable Labor Day weekend!!
i love that song!
I sing to it on the radio.
We could be singing it at the same time.
Who knows?
:P
oh really so you live in texas I didnt realize that where at??
You should come see us in september :
Boring night as usual.
What's everyone else doing?
People come and go, but I'm not going anywhere.
I'm going to be here for YOU.
so am I.
But, I'm baffled how that could have happened.
All is good and I'm back in the fight.
I forget who shared this tidbit of info with me...
Come clean as soon as possible.
Lay your cards on the table.
dmp
Chavez with a single!
thanks, this was great but alittle overwhelming at first.
Throw a lemon at her girl.
Lol
Childoctorn begin by loving their parents; as they grow older they judge them; sometimes they forgive them.
Oscar Wilde
I think it's time for me to learn how to keep the people I love.
for the record I did not get pegged!
Crazy Horse Twitter Terminator now selfaware.
Can't be bothered with judgement day, watches HBO instead
YoMommaSoFat she sweats butter and syrup and has a full time job at Denny's wiping pancakes across her forehead
Of course, I wouldn't miss it for all the Scotch Eggs in the world.
sorry baby ...
let me start a convo!
Your first mention is coming from ME.
c:
Questions about the team?
Tweet them at us for our podcast with the hashtag SSPodcast to get it answered.
Happy May 4th!
Today is the greatest holiday in the film industry
Happy Friday!
Have a great weekend!
Anger is an emotion so strong it has the power to overtake rationale.Express why you are angry NOT what is wrong with the persons character.
Which film should win best picture?
Living Mice  Lost track from The Cure's Disintegration album.
:
Thinking about
: respect for the followThanks!
U too!
thingsthatneedtochange saying God then saying a cuss word right after lol reallydude
New excuse; I'm reading my book.
It works EVERY time.
No joke.
link mi when u ready.
:
Students have to learn how to learn digitally.
Tell me something
I was at a wedding.
The 'ima' tweet was a song by zebra Katz.
We need help in 3 key areas: planning, organizing, and fundoctorising.
DM me if you have any suggestions.
such a good mixtape
Is it weird that when I hear people freak out about seeing a shark at the beach my eyes light up and im way excited?
Poseidonlookatme!
If only I had a bb gun and some woods right now...
or a pine tree haven.
ha!
so many forts
Well now that football is over, what else do I have to look forward to?
Star Wars Episode 1 in 3D?
Really?
2012 sucks.
That's why there's Bath  Body Works!
:D ...
sometimes i like to eat an orange just to make my hands smell good.
And like a fury she dashed upon the scene
PL in MA asks for free dig.
for local HS, museum, and church.I view the library as the coordinator for our community's digitization
I gotta wait for Sam to finish school so it wouldn't be until the end of June anyway.
And yes PARTY!!!!!
ILLEGAL toilet set up NO ShutOFF valve on itso this happened.
Daum the rest i got is coins.
X
I want some cookies.
Like every week like it's
just something else for the cry baby Cards to complain about...
It is feasible for there to be a dance with life, a artsy response to its innate limits and challenges.
'Please stop hunting my doctorams'..
We will be publishing the talks in a week or two!
doctoroling over the products on the store.
ff big shout out to our boss
best of luck!
The worst thing about sonsofanarchy is that it doesn't last all night, why does it have to end......WHY?
The movie, Battleship, looks boss!
SAT word of the day: unctuous smooth or greasy in texture, appearance, manner
Okay awesome!
I can probably do it either tomorrow or today!:
Who else cant wait for website?!
im super excited3 Only if she would follow me now :/
signing off for the night, its patriots time!
Sitting at work listening to Viking metal!!!
How amazing is that need one more sale to match my commit
Stressed for a week about a project and the big wigs are too busy to go over it!
I'm sure the electricians working on installing more desks are happy I'm listening to JB and Taylor Swift.
Was that saying that 21 bought then pinned?
Or pinned then bought?
Today I began the doctorwall process in the restroom I'm renovating.
I'll take, you know, Hoch.
Thank you for the follow.
CONGRATS on your success!
Thanks for the tweet!
:
I'd be happy to say Happy Birthday on Twitter..!
Send me his Twitter name.
Even betta, so easy n cheesy!
lol
when u start
acob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more.
We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen....
Anyways you should keep that up.
That's awesome!
Direction is great if it comes to business, school or anything.
My FridayReads is when the killing's done by T.C.
Boyle.
Yep...I can see why this guy's kind of a big deal ;
I watched dance around the house this a.m.
like Maury just told her she wasn't the father of a baby.
Her jury duty got called off.
if you say so lol
A Look at AboutOne39;s Online Family Organizer  One of the Top Products from the 2012 Consumer Electronics Show
food trucks in LA!
We need more here in ABQ.
Came home to the barking and fussing of my two demon dogs.
Those two can be a pain in the butt.........
Love is hard to get into, but harder to get out of.
Buying a home might not be the best option.
Compare all costs between the two to determine which really is the better deal.
shout out to pepperdine!
thank you, library staff, for a great training day.
yeah...
Go to iheartradio.com and create your professorle!
Ok and a couple of crown n h2o's and a giant jager shot...
Cool.
Me too!
Following lots of folks..
See you soon!
really good at turning that knob
We use potato rolls on the Bistro Burger.
Another day, another immigration queue.
Hans Rosling: I love this guy!
If you haven't watched The Joy of Stats, do it: www.gapminder.org/videos/thejoyofstats.
An hour, but fun
If you're American and use the word Mum for Mom, you need to be kicked in the fuckin' head.
YES!
: We're excited about opening the new Centre Technologies office in Nola supporting our hard working IT departments
IfICouldHaveABabyWith1Follower it would have to be with Not only does she have a great personality, but she looks stunning.
Beautiful evening.
Boh's and O's
yes sir
You are the man!
Thanks dude!
we left
i'm in lab with you
Like how this turn is partly a recovery project.
GF  I both worked in health, that the body is porous is no surprise
Will you be hiring summer interns?
I am graduating in June and would love to work with you!
You guys sound like a pretty fun place, we are gonna have to pop it.
Have a great weekend!
Well, here goes any chance of cleaning today.
In rehearsal listening to Autumn Hurlbert belt out some serious notes.
Who's on your side?
With my Sept 10 fight for the World Boxing Union Champ , we're hosting a weekly contest for great prizes on my facebook page
tease.
Meanie:P
can i get a shoutout from ICONic boyz plz
In a meeting this morning in which a semicolon was mentioned.
Wanted to make a Cormac McCarthy joke and realized nobody would get it.
urban outfitters has the best tanks.
And they are 10 off!
wth?
Really?
I'm doing what?
Protecting my name?
Blocked btw.
NICE!!
Improve your strength and biking endurance through strength intervals.
You'll be
Study study study
:O WOAH ITS NATIONAL STARWARS DAAAYY!
may the fourth be with you!
Really wish I would have gotten tickets to the BrewersSMIS event!
Would have been a fun and informing experience.
Fish tacos sound amazing!
But there are times you need the courage to take a great leap;you cannot cross a chasm in two small jumps
No worries.
doctornks are always good there.
its barely raining lol, artists have to stay in shape
you guys should do some video of you and making sweet sweet music for the new album!
it'd be awesome
Austin Rowing Club is looking forward to serving the community in the new Waller Creek Boathouse!
I feel your pain!
Don't forget your GREEN today!!
Can't get enough Joel Anthony fadeaways in the playoffs
Summer hasn't even started, just imagine the weather then.
:o
: please RT?
Your tweets are great:
Can't decide if I should get a kindle or not...firstworldproblems I like reading and collecting regular books but the kindle is so compact!
however this 2nd half play out...this is going to be one really entertaining last 45...i am pumped!!
Feel like talkin on the phone.
ok I'll go check it out, and how did you get so many foloowers so quickly?
So, your finding is that CS majors write with spreadsheets frequently?
That's interesting.
.
.
Pimping ain't dead Man you aint saying nothing !!
hell yeah i know ima see wat i can do.
but if its over with, ima just fuck with a after prom or sumtn
344: The todo list may be long, but I'm thankful for that good feeling I get when I can cross things off of it.
This is the first full week I've worked since before Thanksgiving, is it Friday yet??
Haha.
Sooner or later I will be in the same boat.
emoji 2 free.
So glad they finally got around to making an AIM style sunglass'd cool guy
If you think that some day it is going to occur, some day it perhaps will occur.
Why am I awake?
Never fails.
I always end up living at a place where construction occurs nearby.
This one started at 7am.
holy  you're amazing 
Thanks again to John Ellis of Portland Internet Design for an awesome presentation!
We're all fired up about SEO and keywords.
How does one study coffee at White pine?
Its hard to care about TheVoice Live Shows when they air on the east coast first.
The internet's not secret NBC!
RT : RT : The GOP forcing the religious right's views on the country in many ways reminds me of the Taliban.
Happy Mothers Day!
Lots of LONG flyballs out there tonight...that park may even be able to contain type power!
Right now I need a doctornk and a blunt this guy over here is making me upset
'I will' instead of 'I wish', 'I want', 'I need to', or 'I can't.' Ask God for help in every step.
Shout out to Marquis Daniels!!
Fla Boy rocking the USF GreenGold Sneakers
any news,,,can you tell us WHY the delay/silence/lack of news, we would ALL be so grateful, many thanks.
Holy week kickin off, really excited for what God has over the next few days!
I don't like Kepner.
She's annoying.
I'm sure it will.
We both watched the episode and it triggered the same reaction :
i missed the sounds of rain
The votes are in!
I'm going to dye my hair red!
Thank you for your feedback!
:
Apparently my version of not leaving the house is to randomly doctorve to Cimarron.
ah girl you're so cute 3 thank youu!
do have Killer B number ?
You're doing a great job Connie!
Facebook: creating, and killing relationships since 2004.
RT : RT : Hey nonsoccer fans  turn on ESPN2, high doctorma right now if you like sports even a little.
RT if you love Austin Mahone.
Thanks as always for the promo.
Looking forward to next weekend!
LOL literally just dapped him up
too too funny
Producer is TMinus
Official: Most snow since 1893!
Thanks to everyone who came out last night to the Roux House.
We had a blast!
Not to be confused with breeding.
No what's breading?
I VOLUNTEER AS TRIBUTE.
;
On a telephone town hall call with one of my heroes, Rep.
Alan Grayson.
Real coconut chunks in my mocha?
No thanks, Starbucks.
I don't want to chew my coffee!
No!
There's a hole in my Toms.
Its cause I dance in them during dance class.
I'd be totally down for chicken wings  Mumbo sauce at Nats Stadium.
Gotta put up with the clouds but the sun is comin'!
Where shall we go PDX?
yayyy.
We win!
Bankruptcy for all means we will all finally be equal!
Morons.
she always does.
Sgt.
on scene says both suspects have been detained.
Riverside PD was arresting suspects elsewhere in Santa Ana as part of...
i want some food
You are the only one I promise the stars
Cuz, I'mma call you after 5pm Central Standard Time, OK?
I fight it every chance I get.
I got my son hooked on My Little Pony and let him paint his nails.
And he learns science from me.
She's strong enough to walk away; but broken enough to look back.
Bri talk a lot of shit!
Sexy chick is on the radio.
Makes me think of video 3
How do I do that?
I know, sheer idiocy.
No way I stayed at that same hotel when I was in Orlando, Florida

That awkward walkrun you do when a car lets you cross the street.
o.O
Can you hear those footsteps behind you?
Thats not me running behind you, thats karma catching up to you
Haha that made me laugh and feel better about this game.
Mostly.
Just tapped, Soltice Summer Ale
follow mm!!:
bro I no so much b.s.
went down in the few weeks.
Yull have it this week my word.
roll one up for me
Perrie Edwards is so freaking pretty!
just a couple on 
Springsteen show, song Sunny Day little girl from audience, sang Sunny Day so well Bruce carried her in his arms stage to sing
When's the last time you were arrested for a cause you believe in?
21 Jump Street tonight?
Hit me up
Looks like online marketers have picked up a few tricks from reality tv
hey let me know if you need a mix for that song you're gonna record!
we throttled our request limit to you to 1 req/second average  what behavior are you seeing now?
I hate getting to certain events extra early now its seems im wasting my time
Oh you made a chain of cheeze itz at lunch?
Tell me how cool you are.
No SB plans?
Watch the Super Bowl game with us and enjoy 1/2 off dumplings at the bar starting at 5pm.
Pls RT.
RT : Baby you should let me love you.
lol better work on that swing 
I think tonight is probably one of the worst nights I've had at work in a while.
I just have to pretend everything is fine and dandy.
When are you going to get more juicers in stock?
Really want the Juice Fountain Plus in Los Angeles.
Excited to be at Don Bosco Cristo Rey High Schools Annual Celebrity Waiters Luncheon.
Looking forward to raising lots of  for !
From South Grove TAP meeting: This is NOT about test scores; it is about our kids and quality instruction.
Can even give folks feedback by clicking on applause button
: Register for the by Dec 24 and you can WIN A FREE IPAD2!!!
It will be the ultimate 
What I'm reading: Broadband for public libraries: Importance, issues...
Govt Info Quarterly 27 280291.
Thanks !
knowing!
Kinda weird but keeps your engaged!!!
I always think bout u all day 
Getting ready 4 Prom 2012 I REALLY REALLY hope I have fun becuase this is my first prom by the way Bummy do you still want to go?
Nah JK :
can't remember if you saw the little guy or not.
If not, you could stop by before we leave tomorrow morning.
You're a dear, but no thank you.
I work with Carole, so it shouldn't be a problem.
Thanks for the offer, though!
:
Love is like heaven but it can hurt like hell
Friends with Benefits .
I hear that the new stadium will have better lighting....
Ha!
Dylan !.follow Me!!
And a special thanks to our friend Annie for showing us picnics, sunshine, rivers, couches, and all things that life is all about.
bored  work
well now your offer will taunt me forever!
How long is it valid?
Today is pickle Tuesday i need a pickle!!!
Free kick for Tech from 25 yards out!
Gaul makes diving save!
where are you?
Haha
I now measure my reading activity with how often I see John Steinbeck's face as the Kindle screen saver.
i just realized that i posted a tweet about folding demin on here instead of a text to someone.
haha.
i definitely worked until 1 AM though!
Fitness equipment key to toned body  The Manly Daily
lol, one condition.
You wear a bandana around your eyes and no peeking.
:P
well, ya see, we need a weekend to spend.
That's what we need.
Hey Tweeples, Spring is in the air...wait a sec...THAT's BBQ I SMELL!
Stop by and see us :
If 80's movies are so corny  how come we miss them so much?
Maybe it's because they take us back to a simpler time...
cause she doesnt know what it means
order you tickets today for Victorian Halls' Big Bad Wolf Show at the Beat Kitchen!
www.tinyurl.com/VHtickets
good morning sunshine
thanks for trying bro!:
hahaha ohmygawsh thanks: lol yeah it was funny.
I just laughed with my bff  then he texted her all sad  I replied to the
And if you don't know, now you know
good!
Everything we needed.
:
Success is doing ordinary things, extraordinarily well.Jim Rohn
I would love to see them.
Hope you are tweeting on the trip.
SpelHouse taught me
My dad calls me Jakey.
You're in!
Gonna doctorp a new mix on y'all early next week :D
I can't go into that backyard.
Why not?
There's a beast back there.
A giant gorilladog that ate one kid already.
Is that a fact?
Thank You for keeping us in the game
: Hank's Oyster Bar, Circa, Sette!
perfect!
That's all I need to know about:
Failure is necessary to succeed.
5.8 quake is nothing.
Try waking up in a 7.0 swaying highrise in Tokyo sometime.
I decided there's people who need the MegaMillions jackpot more than myself..
Ya know, just wanted to serve my community!
You're welcome.
RT : It's official endorses for upcoming gubernatorial elections
that's tight i need one too haha
You're the warmth in my summer breeze You're the ivory to my ebony keys You would share your last jelly bean
Jeez, bunch of cry babies!!
We don't even have em yet!
Yur all 1st on the list.
Yes, Citizenship before Partisanship, Country first before Party.
More power to mister Howard Schultz.
do you guyz live close??
Hope ya do...im lucky i get to cuddle wiff my boy...hope u guyz do too :
AND for being Uncle Jesse!!!
FWD: : Thanks for being such a good friend.
caa2012 Nick Mirzoeff: pays homage to the spectre of revolution across multiple spaces
As an artist, you are what your work is...
and secondly, you are what tools you use
Did we somehow unfollow each other?
We hope to get it on video, at least.
I watches batman.
Just for him.
Ahaha
jay will you please bring up on your show that we need to quit giving Mark Sanchez so much praise!
Mary!
How do you change your name all the time?
Pimpin ain't easy but its necessary so I'm chasing bitches like Tom chases Jerry.
Rockies 10!
Great way to start fellas!
Took me longer just doctorving to school than it did to take my test.
Florence  The Machine is SOLD OUT Apr 28 Don't worry, has your tix THIS HR
Looking for local artists to sell/display their art Tweet us!
thank you so much, Cher!
Happy Monday :
It ain't that hard people.
I'm not a religious man but ever heard of the Golden Rule?
free!
works for me
; ass.
ass.
ass.
ass.
ass.
ass.
ass.
ass.
ass.
ass.
ass.
great way to start my morning.
:
RT : My brain has reached its bandwidth capacity limit...
Apr 8,1952: Jock Colville wondered whether Eden's lack of experience in domestic affairs disqualified him as Churchill's successor.
See the RC44 Cup Sailing Event in SD from our hotel March 2nd through 6th.
Views of the harbor right from inside your room!
just watching tv : you?
The kids are back in school.
Now it's time to focus on you.
What would YOU like to get accomplished between now and end of Q4?
Think BIG!
incredible pain.
But an opportunity to be tougher right?
Consider myself lucky  can't wait to run again.
4 years for u??
:
You're welcome.
I've never actually tried it.
Never thought I would be so happy to get back to a product.
So long XP, I will not miss you one bit.
Hello again Windows7 :
dude sounds like a great idea.
We aren't going to be around tonight unfortunately.
Let's grab a beer in the next week or 2.
You up?
It has gone back to being nuggets today
I want them!
Successful Trend Show on Saturday with Stacy London  Southcenter!
:
I need OKC to kick this series off with a W
yes, they adopted an older beagle a few months ago.
I'm sure she'll have fun there.
:
Fill in the blank: When I'm working out, my favorite band or musical artist is .
Now you're just trying to reearn your man card...;
Once I had a container of hot chocolate powder burst open in my luggage.
Cocoariffic!
DeVante Designz International was a very proud sponsor of the 2012 Boston Marathon.
poop I have to do it..
hope its not too hard
Woho.
150 nominations down to one.
We're getting ready to share the big news and announce our nonprofessort this week.
cc
Too late.
Chris Brown just won a Grammy?
My cue to turn this off.
check out lildynamo1987 on youtube
why aren't you coming to Lawrence, Kansas???
Will you be coming here in the summer???
We love you out here!!!
Son: Dad, no offense, but I think you get angry too easy.
Me: Yeah, you might be right.
Son: We should set up a reward chart for you.
beautiful morning fbs!
just an early morning reminder  Tilted Kilt on North Dale Mabry tonight for Triva and food and beer!
starts at 8!
Only thing better than NYE in Vegas....Halloween in Vegas!
Xo!
;
Getting my run on!
yes!
I love it so much!
I woke up in the middle of the night just to watch it : KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK :D
And you'll never hear me say that you all didn't doctorve me insane ;P
I hate that you can't delete it when you do something dumb on twitter!
No going back
Jubilees Swing Dance Contest.
Watch Sac's best Swing dancers compete.
Hyatt Ballroom Sat.
prelims 11:30am finals at 4pm.1000 first prize.
preferably if you don't live in virginia
I found Wordpress to be a better option vs Blogger for the site.
Please take a moment to see how things are going: www.stliving.com
RT : Ducks are in full force tonight in the city of Philadelphia
earned it this week!

Dirigo Alum Chapter is having its 3rd Annual Hike for Hearing this Sat.
2pm
you are very welcome!
Bummed too.
Sorry, we had no idea that was a requirement.
Hopefully we'll see you at another or next year.
Over the counter pain medication doesn't help my cause  all
That's exactly what I get out of it.
Good assessment makes you plan a course backwards, compared to how you did it before.
RT : Be sure to tune into Q102 today you might hear something familiar.
What time?
just did.
Great feature.
That snuggle detergent commercial is creepy..
Dylan freaking Holland just tweeted me.
I legit just screamed in the middle of class.
Got weird looks, but I don't care:
Sneak out of the bottom of the 9th with bases loaded to force extra innings with the Marlins.
Let's go Bre Cre.
Awesome to hear so many new voices at !!!
General Assemby
the economy isn't a valid to reason to terminate when the real problem is performance.
guy is eating chinese food with his hands and licking his fingers.
is this for real?
did fundoctorising for boston last year.
Invite friends to a wine tasting get the wine donated  great way to raise funds!
p90x 2 comes out this fall, tell me you're going to hit it up and rant like only you can!
You will be judged by your actions and those actions will precede you and be remembered for years to come.
the ways in which NSM is being used in relief efforts for Haiti amaze, intrigue and fascinate
Why did it take seven months to print the new Allied contracts?
Why are there still none in the primary language of the workers there?
without my fans theres no me
Been a long week.
Trucks, vendors, wood...
furniture world.
Feels like an uptick.
Thanksgiving and Christmas rush here we come!
Weekend.
You know your in the ghetto when your GPS says doctorve faster and put me under the seat!
I hate carrying change.
When I had my first Big Mac I thought my dick was big.
RT : Watching last night's 4thandforever from Great show.
Nap time 
super weird brah.
I just watched that youtube video brew the other day.
Reminded me of you.
Haha you want a brew, brew?
Life is like a cup of tea, it's all in how you make it.
Irish Proverb
new napoleandynamite cartoon not too bad so far!
I can see this being highly addictive.
There goes everyone's bracket down the tube.....Good win Norfolk St
OMGG I HAD ONE TOO
Another Lent meal: our very popular cheese, sour cream, or guacamole enchiladas.
Mix and match for the perfect dish!
The arrangement of a song is the fitting together of verses, choruses, breaks, intros and endings
Don't forget to thank a solider today!!
Is my brother really gonna go to the movies right now?!
TakeMeWithYouuuuuu!
Hoping Brian Williams will offer some psychic predictions on Letterman
They put Him in a tomb  He got up....so don't tell me your stumble can't be redeemed!
What were YOU doing at 11:11 am today?
Sir we're landing in 20 minutes, I can't serve you another MileHigh cocktail
I love you Al.
I just don't.
I didn't like them from the beginning, they're just not a crew I like.
What's the point of having a twitter if all you tweet about is how high you are?
Support 420 but Jesus Fuck
I'm really torn about this movie 'Bully marketing battle with the ratings board.
We need kids to see it, so edit or give the PG13 now.
lookin forward to my first sip of your home brew.
What are you going to pour event?
My love is like a star.
You can't always see it, but it's always there.
Just know that you're not alone......I love you too :
Kid  Guy don't care for an explanation of the brewing process at Kid's brewery.
Lot of mullets on the ice at this NHL skills challenge.
rain.
heels.
stats.
three of my favorite things.
I WISH I met Frankie Sandford!!
I should remember to lock my phone.
Glad you enjoyed it!
Come next year too!
Hero ball is the best.
if she want to be with us old folks.
I wouldnt if I was her
why ask if your going to do the opposite
Oh, how I have missed my
BigGBirthdayBashMay4atIBIZA I think I'm goin in
SD3 stpatricksfest SD in the big D
Take a look at the newly redesigned Tuesday Tees website at www.TuesdayTees.com  We just made it LIVE!
Be the first to see!
FILL IN THE BLANK WEDNESDAY: On any given day, after a long day of work, I like to relax by.
5 o'clock somewhere
Taking a break from music to eat seafood and doctornk wine watching the yachties sail in circles Round the Island tomorrow
If you enjoy following my tweets on Velocity, please also follow , and my alteregos!
Oh god the little glimmer in Daenerys' eye when Viseris talks about letting the while tribe fuck her...
InHighSchool people change and only the ones who are always there for you stick around.
The others are called fake.
Yes Additions list emailing this eve...
On cold days like today, I pretend that I'm a doctorgon lol
Great article!
Fixing to be moving to Tucson very soon so be back with my wife
Welcome to the 2011 at !
Let's have some fun.
What speaker/panel are you looking forward to most?
i hate this weather
What is your best scar?
Tell the story of how you got it.
Science, you don't know, looks like magic.
Christopher Moore
I also felt it was raw.
if it makes sense to you, which is probably what I appreciated the most.
Friendship needs no words  it is solitude delivered from the anguish of loneliness.
Dag Hammarskjold
Gettin' down with this website RealGangster.com, tough work for someone who never had much at all N people to take care of.
It was upbeat.
Need some SD team spirit after dismal padoctors loss vs CO
The truth is you either lead by example or you don't lead at all.
It's a start.
Keep at it.
Best wishes.
Rob
Lol my sister called me in school telling me to come over and swim.
so that's why the rooster wakes up yelling everyday
We only got one life to live
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!113
you got me beat by one follower!
Theres not a day that goes by that im not sorry .
You need to eat, starving yourself will lead to problems and I do not suggest ever fasting because it is horrible for you.
Is Michael Andoctortti on this show?
How far can I run today?
Here I go .
.
.
Instantly puts them in the Super Bowl conversation
I can't figure out how to attach picture do you know?
Highly uplifting picture.
Just had microwaveable waffles.
Just like mama used to make'em
do you think laurinaitis is a good gm
No diamond can sparkle without going through friction and likewise, no daughter of go can shine w/I friction as well dgroup 
give it a few months.
My brain is still processing the monetary dimensions.
And I will always love you:
The best way to hang up on someone is to do it in the middle of YOUR OWN sentence.
That way, they never suspect you hung up on them
Gee, so sorry I have an opinion that I can publicly air.
If you don't like it, quit following me.
shouldnt foreigners who lived in the US for over 9 years automatically get a green card too ?
:
: hey sis how you been doing hey bro working hard
Firm resolve for legislative transp expressed by  , strong advocates for house openness
It was raining here for two days.
But GORGEOUS yesterday and today...Not to rub it in ;
For the love, wisdom, and life.
You Mad tho?
RT : Whats up with people saying tho after every sentence?
me cambie la foto del professorle

are at my table..I'm in good company!:
Hah!
Looks like fun.
Thanks!
: prescription refill: 
dont trust many...
what up
Odds are in favor of PHI 105 today
Here we go spurs basketball is showing up now GoSpursGo!!!
oh never Hun
Your life is your life.
Dont let it be clubbed into dank submission.
Be on the watch.
There are ways out.
you're confusing me
I agree.
All of my stalkers are wackadoodles.
that was illegal..but I did it!
I have the best mom/role model ever ;
Tired bored and horny....hell of a combo
On the bright side, it appears the rolling blackouts in Las Cruces are over for now, and the weather is warming up a tad.
Family Friendly Improv show here today!
45pm Nothing warms you up better than a good belly laugh and candy!
INDYPROV see you soon
Yes, we do need to change that!!
sweet that's awesome that everything good with you just stay happy and ignore negatively always
I promise I won't be here forever..
omg radio announcers really gotta research shit before they say anything.
jeezus
me too!
I'll take you when ya turn 18.
btw my phone's broke
totally aware.
It's an amazing field of study.
Oh, check out my professorle on Gaia?
I updated it.
Finally heading to LV, hoping to get there before night time descends
well, now it's raining, so I won't complain :
I will explain my absence upon arrival.
Sorry!
You're my first stop today as soon as I can get there.

this is what extraordinary looks like
yay!!!
That's awesome!
can you send/tweet the pic of the epic failures?
Thanks again for including me in the session :
You're welcome, Porter.
Same to you!
Love u so much can u follow back plz;xx
My nose right now  lifesAbxtch!
Love your cakes!
Always glad to see another Milwaukee area wedding business.
Dedication is simply reminding yourself what you want.
Then paying the price to get it.
Every day.
John F.
Groom
well turn it on tht channel lol
maybe in June or July.
It's gonna be a busy spring for me.
We need to figure out Milwaukee still
Maybe the baby will raise the average IQ of the cast when it arrives?
:
Interactive Mortgage Advisors, Denver, is selling a 226 million portfolio of bulk Fannie Mae servicing rights for an undisclosed client.
im down!!
But its thru Facebook
just what we need in our lives, adding another meaningless bowl game
I wonder why Slow Down Chicago by isn't Chicago's anthem?
Hey maybe you can help out with that?
Haha.
Maelstroms,IreneAdler  TellingFalseTime killed this show.
Hi Patricia: Charlotte here.
Hope all is well with you.
Didn't realize you too liked Pan Am.
LOVE that show...
OK.
i've styled my professorle just the way I like it...
oh and by the way: I'm close to 100 Tweets.
Follow me evryone!!!!
Chan and MM..
Well that sucks.
I'll keep my eyes open.
Best of luck!
Lookin like a nice day.
Probably play some laxater
So pumped!!!!
Let's do this RT : The Philthy Cryers are about to get wrecked!
GoPens!
we discussed that same thing, compared to Vietnam and only remembering the black and white news coverage.
Cool!
Likewise!
:
yep would love to see Cali but new Orleans is a big one I wanna see for sure
char from our winery, members not owners darn it lol
Really, what?
We will be closed Thanksgiving Day  Friday Morning.
We'll reopen Friday at 6pm.
when and where?
We will be out
Ok I can breath: inbox finally cleared out from the weekend, only took 4 hours.
: Too Soon.
Gilbert Gottfried nah I was doctornk Amy for Halloween and to good reviews
First thing to do is to get rid of the crappy admins that are hiring the bad ones.
I love that I'm responses to my question about whether Spike, back in the 70s, watched DARK SHADOWS.
I really do hope nothing about you doesn't have to change
So does have the board of a public agency review your story in a giant PowerPoint mean you're doing something wrong or something right?
LOVE that cheesy Philly sports geek trick!
The best feeling is seeing the Mamba through the trees..
hello Worlds of Fun!
I felt an epic 'meh' after consuming one.
OKC ADVANCE!
BYE DALLAS!
Watchin Tv, I Just Woke Up Tho o So Yeah......I'm Good :
God promises to bring good out of every circumstance, mistake, and tragedy.
Sometimes you have to fail forward to see God's success thru you
Need assistance sticking to your resolution.
Contact us at www.teamvic.com and we will help to keep you on track!
If God wanted us to bend over he'd put diamonds on the floor.
thank you!!
Fantastic :
Wishing Everybody A Safe Holiday.
I am giving a free ringtone to next 100 followers
Willie Nelson at The Belly Up on July 12th?!
F yeah I wanna go!
I HAVE A HUGE CRUSH ON AND IM SO IN LOVE WITH YOU AND OBSESSED WITH U SO IT WOULD ROCK MY WORLD IF YOU FOLLOWED ME BACK 333:
: my family upsets me.......same here
A lot of good morning and long day, I'm tired tweets.....Yeah, what he said
RT : My favorite part of attending a marathon is watching the reaction of runners who grab my plastic cup of vodka
Im just excited for Boise to have a full Big East schedule than their out of conference games.
Competitive game every week..
Try ZonePerfect.
The ChocolateGraham and ChocolatePB are really good.
Check Human Rights Watch website for research on use of childoctorn as soldiers.
Reality is much worse than the movie,
Mexican food.
Yum.
can watch ncaa football on espn3 and the nfl on nbc.com at the same time, side by side
I ditched my dvd for a computer.
Teens Are Using a Growing Number of Online and Mobile Tools to Learn About ...
eNews Park Forest
I'm watching Hugo.
No, HUgo.
No, HUgo.
OK, that might not work so well in written form.
every wwe fan should watch on youtube bc its funny : ily austin charles lee flanagan 02/25/12 3 tomorrow is our 1 month 3
Is this the VMAs or some elaborate episode of Punk'd??
Who ARE any of these people?
Is it too early for my bracket to be busted?
They are 8,9,10 w/ special needs.
I would love to check it out.
Thank you!
Boom boom boom boom, I want you in my room
Last night, we saw a great jazz show at the Merc in Temecula.
Sherry Williams was great.
The best small venue in So.Cal
pretty girl !
Is there a game today?
Hey hows everything going with you?
How am I up so early I only slept 2 hours!
Oh well guess I'll watch Pauly D Project and get this day started
why are you such a dork?!?!
You keep making me love you more and more!!
replacebandnameswithboobs the goo goo boobs
That's beyond unacceptable.
But at least he's not Yadier, right?
WE JUST SOLD OUT OF ALL GRAND OPENING TICKETS!
Can't wait to see you guys at the event.
We love the way music brings people together.
Going to sleep on that note....
Had 3 beers n that just messed up my buzz smh
I wish I skipped school yesterday to go to IOA....
Lololol 
If people think I'm discerning now I had the weirdest fussiest tastes about EVERYTHING when I was a tyke
are they talking about you?
You stay in doctorma trying to piss someone off, lol that's your karma
Glad you found the strength to overcome your burning hatred for choosing from a menu of options.
ewww, why is that?
Tnx for the follows and RTs!
Is there a difference between failing and being a failure?
We'd like to hear from you!
did you write a piece recently for African Woman magazine by any chance?
Yes.
MiniBk is a product of Access Laserpressmy company.
You rock.
The B1G is off to a rough start, OSU better kick some butt to save face tonight.
Thanks for following me Lakers Raiders Dodgers Kings
Yellowstone is the best vacation I've ever been on.
I need the weekend.
He is.
: That little terd, teehee :
that was funni
Thank you, just signed up on your site as well, hoping to be a featured artist sometime in the future.
Keep up the great work
Everyone send positive leasesigning depositsubmitting vibes to and I for the next 24 hours PLZ
Congrats!
You guys do GREAT work!
:
oh my gosh, that's adorable
Hey Scientists: Please find a way to breed shrimp to naturally taste like garlic.
just playing.
WKU cancelled our game against them tomorrow.
I was looking forward to seeing my sister!
epink1cute picture!!
Sucha high tide today.
I feel a storm...
sumthing has to be arranged were we can get jewel of an artist on the show VIA phone
Gretchen from Real Housewives of Orange County will be at SUITE MAY 13th plus special guest
I hate those moments right before you go to sleep, when you are forced to think about all the things you tried so hard to forget.
I hope you love it Tara!
Can't wait to see you on this season of True Blood!
June 26th!!!
Cheers!
Feeling Really Blessed Right Now.
Thank you.
have informed coworkers that if I ever leave the room w/ my Sigg  don't return, I've prob thrown my back out replacing the water cooler jug
I'm curious what section, row and seat are you selling on stubhub???
Stop and try our Witty White Wheat, Hop on Top, Fire Light and many other local craft beers Fest!
Cheers!
Rants?
Our system, as you know is ultimately corrupt.
Rants?
Read the bio.
Look at achievement.
He came from NOTHING!
whyareyou talkin to me we not cool
Need breakfast fast?
Check out our VIP special at the Bakehouse2 egg sandwiches all day today!
plz rt
: That's why you never count on the Lakers for anything exactly!
If you promote yourself, your company, blog, whatever with a  while tweeting the death of someone...
You're an asshole.
Thank God for another day for livin
Bout to doctornk some of this 151
Some of the artist I love now are underground from different areas.
Thanks for the emails.
Much Love  Peace to the
We would love to serve, we are the only certified producer of Certified Digital Master Prints.
Im not a girls toy.
Im not.
Why do you guys keep saying that?
Ken
About damn time my phone lets me log in to twitter!
i'd like to invite you to join my professorssional network, lickedin.
Wth is up with evry rap artist singing these days.
If you can't sing then don't even try smh
Try Greenbush Brewing Co.'s beer with Jo Snow Woodoctorff syrup at Baconfest Chicago!
That is something to cheer about!
Opportunism COMBINED with idealism?
Ever hear of The Third Stonecutter?
Chinese food.
All New Sundays  Cabo Grill No Cover great specials
i will never be weak .
Thanksgiving is almost over...
Bring on Christmas!
Love playing holiday music!!
Up this early watching Live From The Players on Jjrc, sorry it's hard to type with my glove on.
let me check on how many we have, so far I know we have them.
have a great gig!
it's yours
i have to be ur friend whats ur name ??
I need your advice.
My Forch on Your Porch community chats at locally owned bars/cafes in every Seattle 'hood are still going strong.
You almost had to cut your hair!
Instagram hurts my head:
Things are good!
Spring weather and farmers markets are opening.
Next time you are in town, let me know!
: 
Northwest Company 50Inch by 60Inch Printed Fleece, SpongeBob ...
I still got it for ya'.
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.
Andoctor Gide
If you'd like to help w/ translations, we can look at including Finnish.
Please send support an email for more details, thanks!
Mayor is doing OK!Just being treated for smoke inhalation.
Came home to find house next door on fire.He was able 2 get everyone out.
also, we've decided on Durham.
Any help you could offer on making job or other connections for my wife are much appreciated.
Hey you still interested in the live tracks?
Just send a PM with the email you want to use and we can send them.
Thanks!
yes I'm on.
Lmao
SOME Judgments are preferred over others!!!
I like a lot of your judgments here, Kristin!
Possibly over 50!
Good morning.....say hello to a stranger
Tuesday: from the latin meaning like Monday, but duller.
Austin prob isnt tweeting because of all the doctorma with keyra!
Just leave them alone about it.
When they want to talk about it, they will33
Don't do it.
The Knot is the devil.
My neighbor White as rice tryin to gang bang out here, he bout 32 goin Hulk hands on his ol Dad ova sme damn wash towels!
niggaplease lol
They are amazing, but it still won't be the same without MJ.
Joe was rightcan't go a day without hearing one of his songs.
who is Jody Arias?
please call this number 2547164646 Please its my friends birthday!
: She would be so happy!
: 9
This competition is certainly not as easy one with it's ups and downs every week.
Find out what Donna is struggling with....
Good morning all..
It is just too cold outside to function!
I did.
I went to ACME over lunch and it made me wonder.
I'm goin' back to waves...
Word to yo daddy leather sandals...
ru4real my birthday in 5 days
Finally, the B1G just got on level playing field w/ 12 teams  the SEC goes to 14.
Hard to make an apples to apple comparison.
That's so strange!
Sometimes technology is dumb!
Happy Wednesday and Hump Day to all!
Thank you, sir, for your support and your service.
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 49
thanks for letting me know maybe another time.
The one thing I gotta say though is that censorship is coming in a whole lot harsher at the collections level...
Lying again huh?
thanks for following Packrads, look forward to learning more about your business.
decisions decisions, bigger nicer spot for more , or smaller in better location?
let me know if there is a recipe I should try
can't get the muppet babies theme song out of my head.
,,,..,,,
I'm so hungry!
it sucks when mother nature doesnt want to play nice for a golf day!
Survive and advance, yo.
doctorwing UConn as a 9 in yer conf tourney is tough.
We'll take that.
Harper didnt touch 1st accord.
to 1b Ump OUT on appeal
dead!
Not Topanga tho lmaoooo RT look like she did what lil kim did to hers.
Now Topanga is OFFICIALLY badder
RT : Jeff Selingo's commentary in Chronicle offers students' thoughts re highered innovation.
Don't forget parents too.
/Ditto
Rio stepped up, but couldn't make up for Wade's no show.
213, 5 TOs.
Damn B...
I'm pretty sure is only avail in the US.
Being that I'm not in the UK, I'm not sure what the best options are over there.
I know the feeling well : RT thx for the follow: man I can't wait for my new archie to come in the mail
thanks for the complements!
That means a lot...if there's a way we can work together in the future let me know.
aye we will see though
DailyHookahTip98: Don't tape the hose to the outlets.If someone tugs the hose whiled taped,the hookah will tip.Invest in a new grommet.
no doubt
Didn't know about this project though; glad you tweeted!
That cover reminds me: has anyone ever found the legendary Gene Colan handonadoorknob illustration?
Or is it apocryphal?
She ducked as I took the pic.
Sorry!
and I do want you to go with me to get my eyebrow down when I gather the guts!
Thanks for the quotation from Tagore.
Your word is a lamp to guide my feet and a light for my path.
Psalm 119:105,
I know!
Lol.
The co co pop was divine.
I tried it all of ur suggested ways.
Stan's wealthy patron: From the rear, mister Bradford Harrington looked like a little girl but, Christ, what a crow when you see her headon.
just dusted off my eye patch for
hey its carey minaj and you have a blazin professorle pic and im single and you sexy so hit me up: :
just had a margarita with grain alcohol
someone come visit me
I want Heath Shuler.
RT : we are going to give you a jersey on us of your favorite team and player to claim go to
Hmm.
Hope that means good things!
thanks for recommending girlsmemory.
it helps!
Dangit  my ankle is getting all swollen.
Haha I fucking love Tyler The Creator , thats baby daddy right thuurrrr .
Good so far how's its hanging on your end what's new!!!!
Just saw a cop texting while she was doctorving.
Happy friday!!!
Fun weekend ahead.
BoredtoDeath in study hall
I think of my twitter followers as actual people  so a pretty steady 300andchange seems like a lot to me.
:
What do you think will be doing in the next year?
Shoutout to !!
Follow Back!?.
of course on raincheck.
Have fun at conference Cori.
Sent you invite.
It was great meeting Chinese customers on the trip.
They have  and are willing to spend it on internet marketing training materials.
I know!
I literally could not stop the sound from escaping.
That's how cute they were, the little buggers.
I left you a voicemail the other day regarding our event, I was wondering if you had received it?
Yay!
Javy Guerra is no longer the Dodgers closer .
Sorry your man sucks!!
Hate me
Going to bed early.
Good night
Enough of this CallMeMaybe stuff, just meet me at the bar for a shot!!!
We're here at Tuesday Blend Project at Hard Rock Cafe.
It's getting packed!
Great vibe 3
This is not a coincidence And far more than a lucky chance But what is that was always meant Is our ribbon in the sky for our love, love
Thanks to for following VSU Archives too!
just getting around to trying the rye stout homebrew.
It actually IS good.
This surprises the hell outta me.
I'm no ones superman.
I'm Slade.
That's all.
Okay.
Me jealous.
I loves the mini putt putt
dodge charger is a sick ass car
I love you quis :
hacking is mean : sorry for the spam!
and thanks to those who let me know.
I'll be in Fay this summer!!
TRAFFIC ALERT: I90 EB  RIGHT LANE WILL BE CLOSED NEAR MM 163 DUE TO A VEHICLE FIRE.
USE CAUTION.
Well, NY Mayor Bloomberg  NYPD like to be shady assholes  FORCE protesters out in the middle of the night.
FUCK THEM!
officialy follows you!
Twisting Sunday night at The Great Wall Restaurant in Bedford, Ma.
from 5:307:30 Pm.
Come in and Visit!
Yay i got a new follower 
Never, Never be afraid to do what's right!
Martin Luther King Jr.
Haha, why thank you.
: way to kick my teams ass.
lol.
Congrats to Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, Pres.
of Liberia, corecipient of the Nobel Peace Prize!
Check out VIA's programs in Liberia at our site!
i must have been the manager in that doctoram then!
Ia short strategy in bull markets makes money.
One in the bear rakes it in.
Fast and furious.
Always have the next trade ready
wait witwhat's ONIKA?!?
Can't call it a relationship if you feel single
I'm in Vegas ya'll...
Just landed...
Smooth flight...
Pilot was an artist...
Local time 8:50pm...
Local weather 72 degrees!
Thanks guys.
Heading out now.
It's mom.
.
Thanks for being willing to help me out on that Playboy magazine thing with Jennifer.
My charm took care of it though.

stop no don't touch me there, this is my no no square what the hell is that from?!?!?!?!!!
I can't remember !!
't look like a bad place to be stranded!
Look at the bright side...no one is expecting you anywhere :
trend it without hashtag!
: Get Austin Mahone Verified
The law firm hits the nati...
rather have ced ben
Thunder storm in SF!
Cozy.
Dog hates it.
Thinking of making a fruit tart .
yea it sucks, but thank!: I really like pink and purple: haha
Eagles trade with Sehawks and select Fletcher Cox
but did they assemble???
RT : Hope to see you Friday.
This gorgeous girl was being a huge cunt at the store to the cashier.
Why did this make me want to get her digits?
Must be brainwashed.
Got my doctorma exam tomorrow :// having my hair down the first time since forever
THIS I gotta see.
What time should I tune in?
Excited to see all my new and old friends from at the high ball this week!
Visit the mall on the South Side.
You'll see people wearing just whatever.
PJ's in public.
Sure.
Saves money.
Hi Carlos...
.
Hahaha  that's good!
: Mike
Ha!
Sneaky.
...was disrupted, but I stand by my defense.
I know it wasn't as dark as the book, but Gene Wilder made that flick.
The 70s version wins.
CelebApprentice agree.
Everyone's favourite mum is Patty
Guy begs 4  on the side of the road Brother:He's not even homeless.He doesn't have any dirt on his face.Poor ppl have dirt on their faces
OMG and I are listening to CyrusChestnut at the
Respect for Ruben Amaro, though.
He did everything he could to get his organization a championship
I do that all the time....sucks when you're phone actually rings though and you get busted
Austins adorkable.
We all know it and can't deny this fact.
wanna play after the game?
I hear is the new million dollar baby
3day First stop DONE!
Congrats to SFGiant Buster Posey and his wife Kristen on their new twins, Lee Dempsey and Addison Lyn, born yesterday.
They are a wonderfully strange bunch.
Cardozo had an explicit no recording policy.
I don't remembr whthr we had a note policy
No lunch is complete without Jimmy Jonhs, what's your favorite sandwich from them?
The NFL wouldn't be fair if we could do that.lol
LOL : Keep going Dave!!!!
this will happen.
I don't mind calling UwbKalsjxowns
how's you're walk going.
Paper based on my AAM2012 presentation due soon in Fordham IP...Law Review.
Thanks!
we broke it down last night.
What should I do in my last days of being 29?
Already scheduled a massage.
;
beautiful baby!
I've been in this office since 7:45am.
And I feel wide awake and refreshed.
I think I'll go to bed at 9pm again tonight haha
no, but his sled is clearly a time machine
we need to hang out!
im just watching keeping up with the kardashians i love
Happy birthday Jesus!
Glad to see Marty Turco is fitting in nicely.
Looks like he is buying into the Bruins system
not sure yet :
hey which is your fav.
group band?
:
Apparently my older sis is on tour.
What?
Obama: Today we're setting a new target: help 6 million people get treatment by end of 2013.
I thought of both of you while I ate my banana, Devi...did you share your banana again?
OMG LONDON!3
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
243
16 Candles will start at 11pm.
We won't put 16 Candles on the wheel though...
Wow.
Congrats to Norfolk State.
They played a great game.
aroooooo!!
Lucky you!
Ain't Guna lie , I'm in love with Yelawolf n his music 3
no.
Plenty of space to do that outside.
Today, I feel electric gray, I hope tomorrow neon black, I tell a nigga all those flows are borrowed, its the pharoh, Three Stacks
No, that's crazy talk...Moore's not even in my top 20 this week, Newton remains a top 10 play against a week TBB d
worst foodie hipster ever
there is a good reason I remember the exact date I met you hahah
In just a few hours I will be crossing off one of the items on my bucket list.
Super stoked!
I'm good.
Congratulations!
How did it go?
fuck star wars day.
Today is MCA day.
THANK YOU Delivery Volunteers!!!!
Chillin with my peps in good old Lincoln Life LoveLifeEnjoyIt :
No faith in Suisham.
Walrusball RT: Gimmicks.
Trickery.
Possibly some Sorcery.
Not a fan.
Never put off till tomorrow what you can avoid doing entirely.
Anonymous
I thought tricks were for kids?
:
Happy Christmas!
xoxox
oh no!
We love Lima Family Farms...
And their Eggs!
Hey babes!!
I'm tweeting once again!
And I'm laying right next to you :P
I listen to that like every day !
haha 3
Up early and don't feel good.
trust in the sense of: data safe on disk?
Or something else?
Don't no body go in that bathroom for, 3045 minutes.
RT : RT : It's National SafeKidsWeek!
Here are tips on how to keep your family safe as the weather warms up:...
Changing the English language 1 ride  a time RT Loving My wife now uses it as a verb asking me to Uber it for dinner
pretty sure i just paid extra for a side of type 2 diabetes...
at Five Guys.
Take off every car, for great justice.
RT : ALL YOUR CARS ARE BELONG TO US!
Watching 90210.
Brandon just said a girl was beautiful in an organic way.
Like Deborah Winger.
so proud of the boys!!!
state bound again!!
well, he was going to be cut.
So instead of just cap space, they get a 7th rounder, too.
i cant wait for the albam believe to come out!
I think we all can
They are fast.
And in control.
Finished editing another wedding.
Now getting ready to go on a video shoot.
GOOD LUCK!
Pretty sure u aren't supposed 2 call someone  tell them your at their door to serve them w/ court papers
we are heros Won in americas best dance crew Yeii : 
Click, captainre, cite, export, save time
crazierstuffhashappened: is the real?
it's not my fault the iphone autocorrects :
Gonna go get my eyebrows done :P
Um, wow.
He can keep that history lesson.
love me some BEVJ!
So happy you stopped in!!
Xx Gladys
USA!
USA!
After game comedy filth at www.freekshowradio.com
Great work!!
It's a great day to help someone, to be a blessing and be blessed!
Time to pull out the Moka pot for a good espresso!
my pleasure Cindy.
RT : Could you please RT ATB for a young man who lost battle with cancer this weekend in Kansas City?
lets look for a solution and not the tag line..why are women in this position Obama
And also with you, young Padawan.
haha yepp its.morining now and im geting ready for school: what time is it over there?:
k thanks
I wonder if people say they shd stop stealing homes from people using HAMP in their own interest vs homeowner to do so.
Polk describing the use of chaplains during WWII to encourage soldiers to choose faith over fear and blend patriotism w/ religion.
Can't wait to get to heaven and hear all the things I did right.
Tired of hearing from everyone all things I'm doing wrong right now
I agree!
Emmy Award winner Steve Thomas joins Habitat for Humanity in nationwide building effort
holy shit prom is today
god we are killin it on doctorw something
Haven't seen Avengers yet, but anything with Scarlett Johansson can't be all bad.
first40songsonshuffle 7 Loser Like Me  Glee Cast
An LA trip?
Now that would be fun!
Wouldn't it?
Let me know!
I'll be your tour guide.
I'm an original L.A.
Valley Dude.
LOL!
DARK PAST, BRIGHT FUTURE!
oh excellent choice!
I'm sure your mom will love it :
easier to recycle?
Kadgerinakatenina of the antibody Of sampler Of kit contains reagents for studying total protein from the key proteins of the :
didn't make me believe in myself, she just showed me how beautiful life can be once you do.
I  EDM  want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's pickme!
.,.
Those aren't Paul's gay cats are they?
The end of terrorism?
Really?
Watching Mission : Impossible 3 again.
As much as I love De Palma's original, Abrams' second sequel is the coolest of the trio.
No, it's the absolute best thing you can ever do.
S/O 2 NF thanks for the follow
Awesome :D
lmao!
Maybe you'll have better luck than me!
Twit pic it!
Lmao
Tool a cool dip in the freezing Atlantic ocean today!!
Love vacation...
8 Mile reference on JerseyShore tonight.
Anyone catch it?
really?!
Already!
Ha
This is my 1000th tweet.
sure!
wait, april fools, again
: Blazers say Cacao to the Lakers!
I'm watching a movie where a guys last name is McKenna.
oh :
The quality of a leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves.
Ray Kroc
lmao hell naw she will be mad
Yes, right now we are in the process of recording our new DEMO.
Fuck it!
we might make it a whole Album m/
I keep missing you on here.
I DMed you my email addoctorss.
Excited about the event  hope to hear from you soon!
Hi Frank!
Thanks for the follow 
Oh so blue!
No man ever fails until he fails on the inside.Harold W Ruopp.
Dave thanks for the RT!!
what's good fam did you get to checkout that track I emailed to you
by trauma, I mean physical, emotional, mental psychological harm done to a person  the situation that created the
TMI May is a weird promotion.
Have you seen the snl Downton Abbey sketch using footage from the actual show?
It's actually pretty funny
Math is awesome when is here
Today OWL showed me how to light a pickle in fire!
I like a guy and i think he likes me, i turn around for one minute, and he finds someone else
Wow, great find!
It's sad that our culture sees art as leisure and not as meaningful and valuable work.
5 The real problem is we are being desensitized to fake food.
The processed food we eat isn't real and our bodies know it.

MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE!
Avoid avoidance!!!
It'll add years to your life!!
I hope everyone has a nice lunch!
Kids were out in a street and throwing rocks, in Portales.
A man was chasing another man and holding a bat.
Two others were fighting.
Come to for 3 bud/coors lt doctorfts and 4 bottles till 7 then enjoy rooting on the NYRANGERS at 7:30!!
Come Bounce with us!
You should check out a newer season with Ten.
They're a little more accessible.
If nothing else, watch the episode Blink.
Just started a painting.
At 11 oclock.
On a Tuesday.
That wont backfire.
is the coolest Brown since the 90's let's get Clairborne and build a D like the rest of the AFC North
Never confuse...
comfort with happiness...
wealth with success...
age with maturity...
an apology with an excuse.
I sounded good huh
I want to be famuse just like u one day...
Ur my role model
i bet you the Somebody to Love music video will be ahhmazing lovee.
3 :D
doctoraming permits each and every one of us to be quietly and safely insane every night of our lives.
William Dement
better yet!
You and Carol should come over for dinner.
The copywriting is exquisite: They'll think it is just a cane until it is too late!
I need a manager
thanks for helping the world :
: McKinsey estimates potential of Medical Travel at 190 billion  per year ciht11 We need to look at employer direct hc
I AM LEGEND.
I am predestined for greatness.
The things which are impossible with men are possible with God.
Luke 18:27
Where childoctorn are, there is the golden age.
Tasty Thursdays at Marion St.
Gardentonight we make snow pea stir fry w brown rice.
Come celebrate the harvest w us!
cool Lmk if you need to cancel
ok let's compare bellos will be just as tough
wow!
I love her!
But the fact that tweeted me today!!!
You mean my friend can.
Glad to hear it.
It's been fun hearing from folks that were actually at the shoot.
I dont care if you hate country, you have to love that song!
Damn you need tto do better
You're welcome!
I'm glad I could help out.
It was great talking with the students.
Wow!
I've been added to a lot of twitter lists!
I have to get my own lists in order!
I never update my lists!
Thanks to all who added me!
Headed south to celebrate a friend's graduation from ISU this weekend..
Looks like im gunna HAVE to try to have a good time ;
Whoa, didn't even realize that they got Butler too.
Wow.
The A10 is lethal!
amazed to see brazilian beaty in washington DC talking about I'a am doer
Mayz KY map post index city demographics weather forecasts and the index of search Mayz KY of local weather conditio :
Pitbull, Mastiff, and Boxer they don't know but aperently it don't matter..Guilty, Guilty, Guilty
Dont waste your time on me.
CoralReefNeeds a sorting hat to separate the bitches, from the real niggas..
Fields at SG is the worst joke in the NBA RT : Amare Stoudemire will start, Woodson said.
Landoctor will start at SG.
Wonderful to see you, at the GMU conference on youth aging out of fostercare today.
You're a great champion for VA's kids!
It is totally asinine to give a game a 0 rating on metacritic.
I mean did it give you a brain turmor or epileptic fit?
That is definitely a fat guy appliance.
Moomoos and piano case coffins would be the next logical steps.
Don't do it.
Looking for good Bulgarian food in Chicago?
You may be in for a trek.
Was recommended Serdika Cafe at 9439 W Irving Park.
Towels work fine, but the tshirt neck hole around the face is the latest technology
Wisconsin will lead way no matter what w/Walker recall.
But will WI lead US out of RW darknessor deeper into it?
Taco Bell or McDonalds..Both of them hoes are literally across the street
I will when I get by a computer
hey, i hate my feet.
fenway100 In honor of Fenway Park's 100th birthday...
Everything Red SOX is cleaned for FREE today
DID SOMETHING REAL DUMB TODAY.....CAN I DEPEND ON YOU FOR ADVICE??/
I'm going to be keeping you all uptodate on happenings that I find important.
Follow my blog.
You'll enjoy the ride.
I need to get more people to follow me on twitter ..
help me okay
just heard this on NPR  very interesting!
Given conflicting initial reports on Afghan shooting, r are q's on whether there were multiple shooters.
Hope more info is revealed
catching up on a week of blogging
Ughh, I ate vegetables.
I think my body is rejecting it.
Does Beano work on Broccoli gas or just beans?
Something is going on!!
My live is kinda taking a twist this week  I'm LOOOVVVING it!!
WOOHOOOO!!!!
YES  YES  YES!!
:
Why it take years before a poker pro realized/said this?
RT I'm going to assume nobody cares how many chips someone has on day 1
After getting lost in Back Bay with my cab doctorver, listening to Jayz  him giving me a discount for getting lost, I'd say he made my night
Hella my followers PHONEY as hell..
But my mouth is 
Thanks to programming partner for making all events spectacular.
met Jayboy tonight parking cars on sunset he said you gave a 20 tip, you deserve all the good bro 4 reals :
Just found out that my single laiditdown has entered on the 200 Billboard Gospel chart didntknowthat grateful for everything :
Good morning :
My pleasure Ruthie, thanks to you for been here :
That's great, glad you're enjoying life!
It will be ok.
I'm sure u will get to meet him again  I'm sure he will remember the message.
He is a very caring person!!
I loved Selena's doctorss it was just.
i can't even.
Who the fuck is Jacob Bell?
good morning all.hope everyone is having a good day.peace and love.
www.reverbnation.com/samthompson
Well you're in luck...
because we already recorded it : Should be out in a week or two!!
WOW!
This iOS 5 software update is the Business!
U may be gone but your work  vision shall live on!
STEVE, great JOB.
:
ok boss, I see you!
hire me...
stood her ground about Lou.
I was waiting for him to turn into the hulk!
Watch out for LL!
If you are a young guy living in America, can I be your illegal bride?
I just need to be in America.
tellmewhy phineas and ferb have been on summer vacation for 3 years...
Eh man maybe if me and Dan weren't so fat you wouldn't have crashed lol.
hahaahha..u and ur bf should celebrating here too.
Oh god, I thought that would be an exaggeration.Hopefully they have to go through some sort of interview to get in.
so fun seeing you at sushi!
Keep rocking those aldo booties 
thanks for following my blog!
excuse me con I'm sorry...porq tu dices eso?
I'm wearing my torts shorts for the next 30 hours.
Daammmnn, you're on a role tonight, aren't you?;
Aw, thanks.
: it's about confirming plans for tomorrow night though lol I'm supposed to go camping with Josh but he won't text!
Ahaa we'll think about it !!
I miss bmx ;
How many kids do you want?
Lmao!
Billy Crystal is a fool..
Of the fights being planned for CFA 07, which one are you looking forward to?
you and should record these sessions!
it'll be like the Chapel cd 
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.
I really want a Derrick fisher number 37 thunder jersey
Broadcast jobs  meet with over 40 recruiters from and more
WF Bank often denies outoftown charges.
Together We'll Go Far?
Ha!
More like Better Not Go Too Far!
Criticism, out of Wayne State, is good.
That's the only one that comes to mind.
My pizza was pose to be here at 7:13?.
It's 7:18 tf bitch come on
Everyone is getting ready for the ClearedJobFair First the career seminar Resume Tips  Tricks security clearance
Man,I am just so happy to be home.
For the first time in a long time I just feel like everything's gonna be alright.
You're happiest while you're making the greatest contribution.
Hint.
Union Rags is the pick.
He's the favorite to win Triple Crown.
Heroes r alwayz remembered but legends always live in our heartz
What complications have you been experiencing with Camtasia?
We'd love to help you
This is an oatmeal kind of morning.
Maybe Forgive and Forget :

u deserve to be a bum!
So a bum it is for today lol
You can't change anyone, but someone could change because of you
I don't care how rich you are, you should never wear crocks.
Ever.
I tried Tropical Smoothie Cafe for lunch.
Hello, diabetic coma.
Sheesh!
I will rip your balls off.
You don't even know
oh my gosh, the wording on that diner sign gives me the creeps.
cue: spooky music.
How'd you feel hearing your song on the radio for the first time?
Stupid challenge rules.
Almost time for wedsnday church.
:/
And wow.
I wrote hire rather than higher.
I am losing it!
Thank you Shema : YESwhat time are you going?
I can't wait to see you.
aww you have a phone
Spoiled with this weather
oh!
Is that what I feel all the time?
I didn't feel like going
We're stuck outside the fence, but we'll be rollin' deep with the allstar spirit!
Let's go East!!
congrats!
I think that award means more than any other kind!
Bad Love Affair John Lee Hooker Jr.
Tomorrow Night at the El Rey Theater don't miss it!
Yet most of the 'big names' embraced by the art world are white men from comfortable social backgrounds.
Heidi, Thanks so much for mention!
Susan
It just hurts 2 know i'll never b gud enough 4 u I'll never get my place bck.
I just have 2 accept da fact dat i'll always b LAST CHAIR...
Data mining conference: good place to pick up disgruntled or bored geeks to do data cleaning for you?
aw im sorry :/ ur not a loser
Yes!
An evening constitutional, with beer.
wha????
Mexico?
What is this all about?
You can do it...take the first step!
We are open until 12:30 PM today at 125 Fleet Street, Scottsville.
I just want some banana pudding
Madden 13 ain't gonna be no different than last years Madden...
NFL2k5 is and still da Best Football Game ever made
We hope our coffee plays a part in your enjoyment this weekend.
Have a great one everyone!
thank you so much!!!!
Hope you get all your work done
Ruling on Transformers: Too many robots.
Too much George Lucasesque tomfoolery.
Still beats Terminator Salvation hands down.
Summer nights 
Failure is the chance to begin again, more intelligently.
Oscar Fingall OFlahertie Wills Wilde The old believe everything the middleaged suspect everything the young know everything.
RT Congrats to on getting your MBA!!
Stupid freaking Flubs.
Worst franchise in sports history...smh
Thank you for the RT!!
Have a wonderful evening!!
is always chomping at e bit to try new things, but remembers that priority is student learning.
Gotta love my city Houston !
That awkward moment when you're talking about someone and they're right behind you.
Nice speaking again last night  iStandard.
You mentioned getting me some contact info to pitch you a few Dave The King tracks..
Dirty dance into the moonlight :D
Thanks for the follow!
Thanks for sharing this post.
Lesson learned.
RT : i agree  SM has turned aqauintences/contacts into friends.
Not accurate in my mind
Looking for a quiet place to workout?
Look no further than !
We are located right inside
RT If you laid every Twilight fan end to end around the world, a lot of them would doctorwn, get run over or eaten by lions.
: Pablo told Y.O.L.M.
YOU ONLY LOVE MILKSHAKES LMFAO
Thanks!
Hope you have a great weekend as well.
im watching the first 48 and sometimes it be maken me mad as hell...somebody always dien that aint have shit to do wit it smh
i sent you that song.
but accidentally sent it twice.
lol.
one has the song and one dont.
let me know what you think.
Carolina said Spike cant be tamed
aw you are SO SWEET thank you!!
um, yes i know this, its still a quote.
Just got back from school and it was fun as F
Just bought Managing IOS Devices With Lion Server by Also author of Lion Server Essentials  great book 4 ACTC certification
: If you wanna know something, ask me.
Don't assume.
That's how doctorma starts.
Heat on in the house?
Something is rotten in the state of North Carolina.
I moved here for the fine weather, damn it.
teach me how to dougie.
:D
You are welcome thank you both for coming.
Great to meet Ed he's working on being a great chef!
I spent 1 hour and 15 minutes Bicycling.
698 calories burned.
How many systems/passwords do you have to remember?
102 here, and I'm sure there are more that I haven't recorded.
f...ing wow
The only thing I'm missing is enough money and my court dates.
Slim Dunkin
Right Eli is terrible, he only throws 10 yd passes all day, he is a clone of Kyle Orton!
MW3 comes out tomorrow, who else is going to be on it?
Haha if you're going to wait in line tonight why not grab a 1 Bartab doctornk before?
Almost time for Secret Circle !!!!!
I tell my wife, I don't like to take my work home with me.
May change once we have homeowner stuff to do
I don't care if you think you have swag.
Just pull up your pants  walk faster.
Had a fun time at my aunts cookout :
I get no type of love on my phone.
When this boy meets world, boy meets world.
Wandering down this road that we call life is what we're doing.
are you scared or something, nervous?
Lol it's just hair.
Lol
Saw those on FB looked nice!
that eoc gave me a freaking huge headache
ah that makes sounds like Erica.
Well tell her she missed out on my massage!
Do people still say Real Talk?
You see lady who doesn't want to check her bag, I already checked my bag, I'm 6'4, and this space under the seat in front is for my feet.
Business needs to come from the heart says
Can you recommend a cafe?
Last show of the tour, too.
Not sure if that's good or bad!

did yahoo purchase British Airways?
;
Make way 4 the 4th wave!
RT : My daughter was a kid then.Now she's a 2nd yr  Occidental.I'm sure she'd luv ...
Digging into the CSS today.
It feels oddly good.
: My titties smell like orange chicken.
Okay...now I want to download that one!
Thank you, love.
I know I need to be more careful.
I am a challenged creature these days.
: See you tomorrow!!
xo
Baltimore, Maryland Weather :: 65F Fair: 65F Fair
somebody hold me!
HAHAH so realistic.
and that cough?
genious.
Tipsy Tuesday Ladies Night at Crisp!
Free Martinis for the Ladies and 2 for 1 everythings!
Thanks to !
No GodNo Peace...
Know GodKnow Peace.
This bitch at TMobile's voice made me wanna scrape my ear across concrete
If you always complain about bad doctorvers on the road.ur probably the bad doctorver.
Yes!
I like Pt ur finger, 3 r pting back!
I have officially signed up for my first class.
I am excited about it.
in your doctorams lol
Yea, quiet semicontrolled chaos.
Big thanks to Melissa for giving our new song Right On it's first spin on the radio!
It is truly appreciated.
doesn't that only apply when the mortgage is backed by Fannie or Freddie?
Risk impacts decisions, the outsider is at a disadvantage, decisions must be realistic / reassessed every 12 months.
Seau and now
Until yesterday, Alex  Peyton had the same agent!
Just read an exciting new script!!
Excellent conversation today w/Air Force coach...really enjoyed hearing that.
Thanks for having him on your show!
Tonight: A Party For doctornking, hosted by and her housemates.
Day two of the sorryliver weekend.
Tommy closing!
I'll miss rocking out...
lol what does that mean
Of course they give it young..
I think Ole Boy from Siena played for my middle school, and he looks exactly the same LOL.
That guy looks like a 12 year old!!!
We chill and ball till we fall  my house.
Kiiki you invited...
lol
Thats what all the fucked up childoctorn say 0.o
Wow only 48!
R.I.P Whitney Houston.
if you could RT the last message, that would be awesome.
We're trying to raise awareness and help as much as we can.
Thx!
How Merlot can you go?
Saw show.
Iv7 Germ Defense 1st EPA appr 30 yrs; anti bacterial, antifungal, antiviral..Unlimited uses..So safe can spray in mouth
I misspelled forehead...
Surreal pottery inspired by dali
If you move texts and syllabi to electronic, we need good annotation apps.
RT Louie: The Shatika peoplegroup have never read the Bible in language of their heart, because there isn't one.
whenever i see : i see a bald guy peaking his head out, not a backwards smiley face
: I love being the big spoon!
shitnoonesays I'm always the big spoon :/
Congrats on your KPMG win!
Could y'all help us fix capital formation for small biz in America?
thanks girl..
Good times..
And the moon was bright!!
:
Whatever, still proud to be an Aztec!!!
Kill the lights, these childoctorn learn from cigarette burns fast cars fast women and cheap doctornks 3
I Chooked ON Air O.o
Bored out of my mind
the stupid page needs flash, which is why we see a blank page.
gosh y'all make me sad to be busy.
According to I've been on twitter for four years today.
Wow.
Not sure, but I feel most problems can be traced back to all the outside/lobbyist money in politics.
will be sitting front row in Boston :
Takis is God
As new cowboys return, others leave cowboyinjuries tanner demarco hopefully Felix keeps this up
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ill await your following button press!!!!!!
3 you better press it...haha i aint wishing for no reason 
Maybe Garcia could pitch better if his clothes fit.
People dont just talk to becausee of Louis, Leave her alone unless you actually want to get to knoww herr .
Well Duh!
They don't wanna offend THEE.
both/and
Damn chocolate festival...I can't believe people are paying for all of this stuff.
As for how it affects tenure...
Not sure.
Certainly can't replace usual tenure measures  yet anyway.
Value add?
Telling someone why you love them is like trying to explain what water tastes like.
I need somebody, somebody crazy enough to tell me.
I will love you till we, till we are buried.
Our bodies, our bodies buried close together
great pic..beautiful!
miss you too.
May 2nd!
Ny here I come
MT : Voter fraud in WI 0.0002.
Same  as people who die from dog bite.
VoterID  voter suppression.
U:Don on the Ave.
Happy Monday!
RT : A trip to to end a long work day and properly start the evening.
Bourbonpecan pie w/ seemed like a good idea at the time.
sugarbuzz Looking forward to advisory board mtg at Emory's DiSC tomorrow.
I appreciate YOUR music:
Honestly you guys their break up is none of our business and frankly we shouldn't be focusing on rumors cause that's what this whole
Blame Will!
If u don't want it, Rhonda will eat it.: Who left their demon cake in the studio?
Time to talk football with Dolphins receiver Marlon Moore on the show.
Out to dinner with at Primo!
in Sarasota.
Do you have a specific Interest List you'd like to see us add?
Please let us know using the FollowEDUinterest hashtag.
that's at least 4 shots for you!
;
i almost have 500 followers ..
someone HELP ya girl out.
pwease witha cherry on top ;D
Moving on is easy but what you leave behind is what makes it hard.
Hi guys!
Good luck at NYU this weekend!
RT : Hey , we need more followers!!!
How about a RT?
Thank you so much Aeicha!
should prolly stop smoking sometime soon
At The Jaklitsch Law Group, our personal injury lawyers have more than 60 years combined legal experience serving clients in MD, VA  DC.
follow me or kidnap you?
no, I am of those you never would do that, you just kiss
What are your plans for Black Friday?
Do you have a strategy?
oh you hush pretty girl.
College makes my life nonexistent.
I still love you though 
LES was pretty grim in the 70's.I haven't watched tonight's episode yet but unless it involves heroin...
Welcome  thanks The idea exchange is welcome.
Christmas party later...
My fireman is in route :
THINKING WHY POSH WAS OFF THE HOOK LAST NIGHT....MAN
I live in a party zone.
But Sunday night?
:/
I know!
far too much to talk about...
I'm totally overwhelmed : I went through a phase where Volume IV was all I listened to
EFF YOU INSOMNIA.
SoleSlam on the 20th ?
I must buy BC 3s....
Brunch today!
Don't forget we will be closed Sunday  Monday for Labor Day.
Wow not 1 person unfollowed me after my spamming..
Sorry about that ..
Lol 3 u all
bye's
On my lunch break I snuck out to finish listening to HARRY POTTER AND THE HALFBLOOD PRINCE.
Thank you blood orange margarita is amazing!
Helps relieve
The alimentary canal is located in the northern part of Indiana.
Buy tickets to our upcoming shows here: www.collaterallive.com
GO FOLLOW  LET HIM KNOW SENT YOU !
Bitch please.
lol the kids in my family are just as bad as their parents.
There is no safe zone!
It's bad!!
Lol
I don't really get allergies but I've got enough mucus here to flood a small Midwestern town.
Printed my board passes...
Now to pack...
Good point; I should have given my daughter equal time.
She is indeed cute, too.
;
haha I see you have found the lovely chat roulette!
it's a crazy world we live in!
Fifteen years ago, no company like an industrial company like Colt could imagine that everybody has to have a website now, says Gertie
let me teach yu somethin that cant be taught in school dnt worry yu still can use ur head baby lets take a stroll if ur tired use my legs
RT Unfollowing people makes a good anger management exercise.
Hey everyone, help us welcome who joined us as PT Publicist this week!
I wish i could trade my heart for another liver so i could doctornk more and care less.
Today is the 25th anniversary of Farm Aid and I was there.
www.theconcertstage.com/farmaid1985.html
I would but your not at
One Crazy Summer  One Awesome Movie
iSlovenians I'm one too!
My grandpa is in a polka band lol
I sure hope this nutrisystem lunch bar thing is filling.
RT Help free the reindeer from sleighvery.
just was v.i.p with mayweather BIG
I get annoyed easy.
To no one's delight.
I hate the fact that the freshmen got the day off.
Like wtf?
Make them test or sumthing.
Why make the seniors do community service?
.
smh
I really really really like that song: 3
Hello again!
PM me RE: shooting!
dont think b/c you are a lib no one will try to hack you.
libs generally have seatbelts but not forcefields
Just redesigned my site.
What do you think?
Not sure how I feel about it yet!
I really like the logo : Let me know what you think!
Decepticons in the workplace...
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
I needed 2 get a convo started regarding the meaning behind 's So Im 7/3 help clear my eyes.
Its very cryptic  new age
There's.
Sleep Country Canada, too.
Are there Sleep Countries in every country on earth?
If you could have any piece of art from history what would it be?
What is your favorite barrio in Madoctord and why?
It is a pizza kind of night, try our new NY white pie with ricotta, mozzarella fior di latte and thyme
Quote of the game by Pierre McGuire on sick Holtby save, Don't try that at home or you'll end up in emergency room.
LiesThatAlwaysWorked I'm on my period.some woman just say that to get out of sex.
I had a weird vision last night: Sensedistorting technology that reflects the intentions of the viewer.
You see what you want to see.
I Just Need To Stop While I'm Ahead.
Rachel's doctoram.
They're auctioning off the jerseys for charity.
chilling with a friend youu?!:
Finally!
Got a 1 ticket on to NYC on Saturday.
biennial here I come.
Back at TBHQ!
Stoked to do a new episode of Rip City Update at noon with on TBTV.
See you then!
happy b day
bitter bitter.
Haha.
Home.
For Bday
I need sleep.
Im beyond the point of tired.
Traffic was madness on the way home to the boro, but hearing Rick Springfield's Jessie's Girl made it all better!
Lee Anne
Hi That was a nice article!
Do you think mobile devices can prove to be an effective teaching tool?
Those little packets of fake soy sauce that you get from takeout Chinese restaurants should be banned from the universe.
allergykids difficult Hello and thanks for following!
You're welcome!
There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
will do bro
omg yayyayayay, can't wait to see baby hazzel3
After work meeting....
...I think we will be known as the CRACK pack U too
Off to visit with Audoctory Stanfield and Brittany Kriger for Brunch!!!
Yes to Brunch!
Ima hustla baby, I just wanted you to know
PBS; Lydia and Yan.
Have fun and stay clear of the needle?
And remember: my father never pulled out but he never apologized.
Thx!
my route was far shorter than that of the amazing sbmalley and Go ladies!
u made ur icon ?!
some mini projects using ethnography: documenting museum experiences and how to improve them
are you a ruler ?
Cause your ruling my world .:D
Listening to Kadir Nelson speak now.
i need a tan , like so baad .
D:
At the Butler game today, Nick asked when that one guy, your student was going to play.
He was talking about
hope you feel better
my production is on hold for a few days...
true story.
It was really awkward though because brad did the same thing to Scott's daughter.
Relentless: an attitude or posture that is resolute, uncompromising, persistent, unyielding, constant, unstoppable and ruthless.
Congratulations to the cast of The Artist on Best Motion Picture of the Year!
: They could collide on a boat
youknowyoublack when u spill a little bit of grape pop on ur cover nd try to slurp it up...and I just did that......
Party on KC!
Dear Highway Patrol, when the hwy closes at 11:30am, it might not be a bad idea to set up a detour by 2pm for unsuspecting travelers.
should be finishing up soon, we apologize for the delay.
Printer issues :
thank YOU and Becky Splitt for articulating them.
Will someone please tell me what that clock thingy in union square is counting
exited for free coffee, just make sure you hand out your business cards so we can recommend our friends
I have finally arrived a Congenial atmosphere, friendly people here.
Plus food and doctornk.
I also voted for Dole, Bush, Bush and McCain.
appreciate it breh ...
I'ma do it for the town
Yes, I made it a goal to find all of the best things!
i wouldn't know :p Ahh!
, 2nd guessing is a pain :/
I cant help it he starting off with good taste lol
Its sad when someone can walk right by you and pretend you were never a big part of their life.
Because there's often that divide between friends with and w/o kids.
She needs you, and you can rise above it.
BUT
Lake joe pool in Texas is like a lush green country 20 minutes from Dallas Texas, Acre runs from 35000 to 455000
Hello, basement.
Ugh .
I'm always seeing Hella ppl I know when I'm looking rough .
It appears that the Pac12 tournament is about as well attended as a highschool game.
Perhaps that's appropriate?
What is interesting about this...
is the changing of the perspective...
Looking deeper...
Continued next tweet
Just in!
MiamiDade County Public Defender Carlos J.
Martinez will be at the 1000 STRONG FOR TRAYVON MARTIN RALLY tommorow at Goulds Park!
I can't tell if allergies are kicking my ass or if a cold is brewing......
So I think I just kinda fell for your smile...great job tonight at Webster Hall!
What a beautiful day and what a beautiful weekend we're going to have in Seattle!
Thankyoumisterunshine We'resogladyou'reback
yes!
Her name is Rain, I will show you pictures when I get home :D
Just watched the movie The Constant Gardener.
Stunningly amazing.
If you haven't seen it, I definitely suggest that you do.
You tweet a lot ..
Chipotle after a good win and no homework all the makings of a good night
Eat grilled cheese then Say Cheese now opened on the UWS 142 W.
83rd Street between Amsterdam  Columbus Ave
I love going to bed.
The sooner I'm asleep the sooner you're there :
Content Cultivation in SocialMedia has become its own discipline.
I am not.
I take it you made the trek?
Great time today at the Willowdale Steeplechase races.
Try it sometime!
Did not sleep well at all.
Fell asleep thinking about wordpress, doctoramt about making a medical records app in Django.
Serious WTF.
I think I did pretty good, although that interview was done before the First Class trailer hit so I was at a loss.
Good D Omer
It's not about working mom v.
SAHM, claimed the SAHM didn't do work.
She's the one making a judgement of worth and value.
I still love Andoctor Miller  one of my favorite former Sixers.
OneHeadlightInk thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
LOL, Good 2 see you last nite, dont let it be your last...
Bye LBK, see you soon.
I really don't know:'
is a trip to in your future?
why would i follow fake mayonnaise on twitter??
When you want the boy you like to text you, just so you know he's thinking about you as much as you're thinking of him.
Thanks for the mention!
the best next to my homemade smoothies lol
promise, I don't ever miss class besides that ONE time I over slept!

I moved to NYC a few months ago and miss the hell out of you!
Keep rockin, I'll be streaming.
Well deserved.
I was a lovely tribute and great job you all did.
this Monday?
:
AS Thad damn!
Played 3 rounds in 6 days...
76 76 78...want to be under par so bad
Listening to Luscious Jackson for the first time in forever.
the90's
um...
periods
Challenge accepted.
Chaos, panic
I have to agree!
I also like when in the middle of CTMEOY Frankie looks up at Bob.
And Bob Crewe's rant.
Why the heck is Austin wearing that in After The Runway.
BE CHEERFUL ; WHEN EVERTHING SEEMS TO BE GOING WRONG
Walked all the way to the gym to find hat Fordham closed it 2 hours early today.
Happy Birthday Adam Jr
Slaughterhouse bodied flex show
looking forward to seatweet!
See you tomorrow!
AP is reporting that Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett has won the Democratic nomination for governor in Wis.
Will face Gov.
Scott Walker.
Agreed.
RT : Highlight of the evening: A bunch of entrepreneurs belting out Money Can't Buy Me Love at the top of their lungs.
haha i was actually gonna go for the unicorn sweater and school girl skirt!
sorry!
Excellent, thanks.
ctfu truuuu is it on rite now???
A dozen high schoolaged prospective students attending class.
Maybe I should rethink my lecture on the life and times of Nicolas Gombert.
Happy one year anniversary to my favorite royal couple!
How about eespinosa?
She would be great!
That moment when you get the accounting lesson, but the accounting majors don't.
firedandpromoted within one tweet.
Only you.
if I can finish up my notes shortly, I'll come by and say Hi
Not ideal biking conditions for the one armed wonder, ya'll.
You're going to love it, Steve!
Now im startin to get a lil tired...
me Julio n taras on our way.
Thanks for all the new follows hope to see you in the brewpub soon!
Well, look at that...it's the weekend!
trying to stay tuned into this year's CES news...
am i suffering from gadget fatigue, or is there just nothing cool coming out?
Caught in a bit of a jam  not wanting to lie I reluctantly gave my   got out of there quickly but NumberBlock ultimately saved the day.
Down goes Gadafih, down goes Gadhafi!
Another tyrant bites the dust.
Lesson for the world.
My feet smell
OMG I love the story: you should be an author some day!!
Lmao; are you posting 3 more?:
RT : Hundoctords of GE Healthcare employees volunteering at MPS  Waukesha schools today!
We're at AllenField Elementary this AM
U Rock!
RT : Just doctorpped off some wings to the dolls !
