A perfect road trip!
: Just in: Gallipolis, Ohio May 4th at the Ariel Theatre.
Tix on sale this Friday.
Newt Gingrich: tempestuous egotistical twit comes to mind.
Just sayin'.
Officially back from vacation and ready for work tomorrow.
Lots to do in August to get ready for a rockin' Q3 and Q4 of 2010!
Ready to plug my computer into some speakers and start blasting some 2 CHAINZ in this library to get this spot TURNT THE HELL UP!!
Hypnosis 4 Hiccups  Hard 2 do in a tweet, tho 
I WANNA GET CHOCOLATE WASTED
I never want them to graduate waahhh :
It's Friday.
Friday.
Got to get  on Friday.
:
General Hospital always has a way of making my life seem pretty boring...I'm not sure I can come back from death once, let alone twice!
Dear , Move to the east coast, take me on tour with you to be your back up dancer  when we're old enough, we can get married3
I need to squeeze in a nap before these games start.
Wait, game starts at 5?
Fudge.
: Good news, folks.
says they will have 1 of their popular shows captainoned by end of week.
I KILLED my todo list.
Take that, MONDAY!
Why do I always get these random cravings wah
oh shit for that internship?
And when is aziz?
We aim to please!
Let us know how your trips goes when you take a Zipvan for a spin.
another thing in common  loyola.
Noticing dutch bikes r designed w/ higher handle bars so riders can sit up str8.
So much better 4 the back, then t sport models u find in US
Who changed?
You changed?
I changed?
Just kidding, but call me maybe?
Hahaha, that's a song.
Sorry.
Okay.
Call me?
Or not.
:p
what about a bikini?
If I was rich I'd still b with her
RT House/Techno/Trance/Club music whatever you fucks call it; really gets my dick hard when I'm working out.
thanks for the FF mention!
You're so damn lonely when you're on my mind, cause you're the only one
We are more like otep and in this moment our newer stuff has more of the marie vocals.
I do a acoustic cover of beautiful tragedy.
We ar ...
Major studio callback.
For once, an ugly audition pic did me some good!
im always happy when I get to talk to at least one of my followers when I get the chance c:
Wild I know!!
Just ' cause.
We live in Texas doesn't me can ride a horse to the danged Chicken Stand!!!
Change in plans for Midday
Why do people insist on having full conversations with me when I have headphones on?
I believe in my smellf
oops sorry D: and thanks:
FYI: My students are tweeting about Was America Founded a Christian Nation?
for the rest of the week under the hashtag
If you live in Southern California or have friends that do, go to Emerald Agency's Facebook page and like us.
I'm in school right now it's so boring
It's not true when you pray over your food it is blessed, their are several Christians that have died of a stroke from blessing pork dinner.
Scientific American.
professorssor Cowen and those who want to school him on food  Washington Post
Here's wishing you all a Good Monday Morning!
I hope you feel wellrested and ready to face the week.
Cheers!
Be careful if you are on the roads in SanAntonio this morning!
Roads are very wet!!
Stay safe!
:
what?!?!
I'm sure they would have picked Little Women nine out of ten times!
;
aww so cute, but uh...
fill me in?
What the heck is Upfronts?
I have never heard of it  I have heard of most everything?
np Just Passing Through  Jason Aldean 
Emergency rooms are not fun!
Pacers chill the fuck out for a second.
Lololol Machine Gun Kelly said Hailie was hot.
But I don't know why TeamShady is flippin out.
Don't let the year END ......with issues left OPEN!
15 but today we're selling them in Columbus for 12.
Come hang!
Happy Easter all!
Enjoying my first day !
Cannot wait to see what opportunities this brings!
Lakers hanging in there.
Tyler let this dog in the house, and it's taken up residence in my bed..
I'm done!
Next time someone asks me what I do for fun, I'm telling the truth.
I build web apps.
Tired of making up normal person answers.
you're missing out!
;
RT: don't let the high go to waste.
Sorry I've been watching the office a lot lately haha stole that one.
Omg being poor and VERY Hungry in Santa Monica is not a good combo
I hope you're right.
I'd be great to see him play
Get Great Stuff  Win Prizes!!!
Text KARTRACER to 87654
Everyone needs to nominate for humor please
IMHO Silence of the Lambs is one of the most rewatchable movies ever, right up there with Few Good Men  PBride.
You are an idiot, Edler.
Fine.
Have your booze.
See if we care.
:
Get ready for it..
I came to win.
Daddy make a wish , put this cake in your face ;
I suspect there are people I don't follow on Twitter because I'm subconsciously envious of their careers.
Try not to think about it, though.
Sunday she's all ribbons  curls!
oh.
i'm sorry babe
yeah lol I ment to say ASSes but instead I said assessing haha stupid predictive txt!
My bad, I just noticed
Just finished reading what I would consider the best novel by Gary Paulsen.
Harris and me.
oh now a cute guy like yourself has to have another cute guy for a valentine.
Evrybody did lol.
I wana ask prodigy in person if he really did got twerkes on.
Work bound.
Wtf dis mane gt on his ipod Omg
trying to help!
Good luck!
Friends and Family  vineyardvines, use code:nsboston to receive 25 off!
I Got The Juice, I Feel Like Bishop When He Hit Raheem Up!!
yes, but i need to start rotating my stories around.
Need to have fresh content...
what happened
Nature is a language and every fact one learns is a new word.
Be kind to your dentist.
He has fillings, too.
chillin like a villain lol How bout you?
You could have said MotherInLaw Fantasy.
Close enough.
I would never be jealous of a weekend two Coachella ticket
A vacation is what you take when you can no longer take what you've been taking.
Earl Wilson
mister and I went to the ballet last night.
Tonight, we're eating chili  watching Your Highness w/Danny McBride.
Keeping it balanced, knamean?
Will never again take another 8:15
Stay quirky RT : i hope to never fit in the box people expect me to fit in...
how booorrriiingg and lifeless
Sometimes you win simply by not losing.
hello I am so very happy to have found you we have so much to talk about Tina Bagon www.kidshardwarekompany.com
I suggest you unfollow me if it's disrupting your world or timeline that much.
Just wanted to let know that I'm working on our HSTA project.
I have one hour to do this.
I finally finished my music video today for Broadcast production I love it :
I love finding money in my pocket, too bad I didn't find any today 
Research.
RT : Rip wikipedia..
how the fuck am I gonna pass school now
Thought McCain said Romney should chose Palin.
Did he mean lose?
Cont last tweet.
.
.I feel that there is some kind of metaphor there.
Just landed in SF...
5 hour flight, and we were given the opportunity to buy a meal on the plane.
Remember when that shit was free?
Standing on my front lawn with my pants down waiting for Google Earth to come by and take my picture.
RT : A great review for Twelve Patients: Life and Death at Bellevue Hospital by Eric Manheimer via
Eric Sevareid The bigger the information media the less courage and freedom they allow.
Bigness means weakness.
Now taking photo session appointments for my time in Delhi , India in May!
DM me for info on pricing and dates.
Availability is limited!
not going to help...
U would think he woulda learned that from Memphis days
likewise!
Love the pic...thanks for sharing!
Let's spend together from now until forever
Hello everyone
Bumpin this I ain't got too many friends so I coped a coupe
Wow that AP test was so easy
gratuitous use of Bell's Oberon.
Win.
good?
not sure, but it is mildly funny.
who is that miley cyrus put on twitter that shows people danceing some where
RT : i'm just searching for a call back, jerksauce Well you won't find it here jerkenstein!
The US's maternal mortality rate is double that of the UK.
We need healthcare for everyone!
how tall is your balcony cause you just tweeted that from your phone..
Sorry!
We're planning our tweets for this webinar.
Got a little trigger happy and posted it early.
Plan to join us 1/30!
I need to stop mixing vodka with random things!!!!!
nice!
I wasn't expecting them so early.
I hate pretty girls with ugly personnalities.
Ugh go fuck youselves.
Not disputing the 's.
But they say more about badapple owners, dog fighting culture,  stigma than about the breed
um, it's amazing!
;
Can u ask viola D,octavia S  Jessica c how they reacted when they got the news they were nominated?
I luv the help.
A WOMAN WHO SHOULD HAVE BEEN POTUS!
i enjoy the ravens getting ass fucked out of a touchdown by the refs and i hate you too
he spent a significant amount of time on his scramble game at the bar.
Weak bar night obviously.
Not specifically, but we do want to make sure we're on our game for PAX!
SpottheShuttle it's coming back in 15 minutes
Can't wait to hit Vegas for my 21st..
Scared money don't make no money.
Lol.
glad I'm not the only one.
Had to sneak up to room to get it together after photog session.
Amazing!r
Whohoo!
Back up and running!
I meant boobie before the last 30 minutes LOL damn.
I forgot I got a game tomorrow.
When your s called
I agree
hey im back!
noww
YOU ARE AMAZING!!!
Thanks for letting your LIFE speak!
Forgot my headphones and I'm still killin it....holla
: thx for the FF ...love to stay connected to interesting sports info...
No doubt.
Checks us out!
lol now I'm going travel with camp rock yea m/
Journalist?
You have to be less transparent about your hate for Newt b/c he didn't get along with your father.
Overreact.
I know I'm the peanut gallery, but is anyone concerned that Siri might be perpetuating a 1950s stereotype about women?
backwardtechnology?
I check behind the shower curtain for murderers when I go into the bathroom.
Percolator playing tonight at the beat kitchen from 1010:30.
Come on out!
I'm in the mood to listen to The Doors!
haha you can get one!!!!!
Warm sun with a cool breeze.
Perfect day to be on the grind.
YOLO!!
First day in the past 2 weeks I'm not obligated to leave my apartment.
Head in the clouds kinda day.
I just followed the beautiful wonderful 3 
Saturday fishing time where r u fish?
Not all Farm markets sell local!
Carmel volunteers work with vendors to ensure Indiana produced or grown.
Opening May 19th
Core question now: can lateral intervaillance and surveillance both be considered examples of Foucault's panopticon?
: RT : Working for BET was truly a blessing!!
Glad I met great ppl like
lol I got some side pockets in ma luggage
What is the quickest way to get on Saturday Night Live?
Get in the Presidential race this year...sad that the best jokes are our leaders!
It's going to be a riot when they get worked by Miami.
indeed.
demonstrating shoulders perfectly.
RT : You sir are a scholar  a gentleman CC
followin everyone Follow back
i love youu 
that's happening on the 7 train
What song are you NowPlaying?
I'm rockin' to Set Fire to the Hive by !
: I hate that feeling when you want to know something, but you're too afraid to find out.
The mesmerizing moon surreptitiously soothes my soul with seductive soliloquies...
Was it Machiavelli who said a city designed by one hand is better than those designed by many?
Irony?
Apple proprietary
I am watching Death Race; had to buy the movie, love it way to much.
JS you rock.
LOL...
Let me know what you need.
It's officially the first day of spring!
Who is excited for warmer weather??
christmas shopping for the house.
So much fun !!
Welcome to Chicago NRAShow attendees  exhibitors!
Take a Segway tour of Chicago  take 10 off with show pass...
family of travelers.
: hi Jaime!
school has made me pretty busy.
geez.
dumb dick bamboo is my man fag fuck!!!!
positivity is seriously the most important thing inlife.
People in the worst areas may say shut the fuck up, were trying 2bring awareness
well, let's get u scheduled and we will figure it out:.
Get a hold of yourself, lady!
smack I'm a doctor, I'll handle this...
it takes a couple of times to get used to sometimes.
That's our brain's survival mode kicking in.
:
Doctor:I'm afraid I have some bad news.
Your DNA is backwards.
Patient:and...?
Doctor:Exactly......
how much do i love ?!?!
and thank you for that damaging testimony.
well, sure:
clean this room than find somthin to do
An joe pesci goes without saying
Very good time at saa11 Research Forum.
Its a good way to scar your soul.
They made me realize how disturbed my inner being truly is.
Its a good thing.
Our order for shirts are in!
:D We should have them for our show on May 29th!
: Who is going to buy one?
3WordsForYou Mango Read Nifty.
All alone in an empty reading room.
Really what I need right now.
Bizarre weather  it was snowing so hard around Southcenter that I turned around  went home.
Giant sticking snow, but doctor  sunny at home.
RT : RT : Thank you and bless you, Amy Goodman.
Game's at Warner 5:00 for all you dedicate fans!
Thank you!
NYC, China Town.
It's so damn awesome.
Take your time.
Yes!!!
Absolutely!
Let's get him going.
I will have a new schedule posted on jrpsocal.com by Wednesday, so just email me at meganjrp ...
awh, thank you SO much!
:
It's sad that I love YA and yet haven't read Weetzie.
I'm getting it from the library today.
Abbederis has the state record in 110 hurdles.
Happy Mothers Day enjoy it.
Everyone please go follow the very beautiful Olivia
A high scoring OrangeBowl game so far but West Virginia is thoroughly handling Clemson.
Kinda wishing I could have went to that game now..
Thanks for sharing my post.
Enjoy your day!
Thursdays  Ladies Night at Grazie!
Stop by from 911PM and all the ladies doctornk for free.
Can't wait to see you tonight!
305.673.1312.
Yesterday's the past, tomorrow's the future, but today is a gift.
That's why it's called the present.
Bil Keane
Thanks for covering FelonFitness VG!
Come do burpies with us!
You look tough enough to hit it with the boys in the yard...
Good deal.
Uploading the new PARTY ROCK MIX...stay tuned!!
9 Score and 11 years ago!
My new song!
Its always something.
Its hot in FT MYERS
I'm concerned both for my blog and for the poor soul with the doctor, cracked, and stretched penis.
Missed you yesterday at the ACP thing.
I'm sure it was great.
I still have some of that blondie if you want a bite.
When the Brewers make the playoffs as the last seed, people will be accusing Bud Selig of timing the MLB playoff expansion perfectly.
cheaper, and possibly better
Thanks for following
Be back later all.
Gotta goto gram's for din and watch 24.
New : Upper West Side Story!
o i wanna go please!!
I know I may get a biased reponse, but would u trade Finley for Boldin and O.
Daniels?
I have A.
Hernandez at TE too.
My WRs are horrible.
instruments have seperation anxiety when their Musicians leavethem behind a Gibson les Paul weeps and pines looking out a window waiting
i would rather go out with one of my best guy friends than date a super hot guy i dont even know...
If your sexy and you know it put your hands up in the air..and TURN UP THE MUSIC!!!!
We may get to 3000 sales on today!
Act fast to be our 3000 customer  get a present!
Legends home stand against GVL starts tonight.
Don't miss the excitement.
And don't forget to use your UWLegends vouchers for your tickets!
hi little one
So much has happened in this one day smh!!!!!!
Been listening to 11111 theory since 8 this morning...
Classic..
If you think I want your broken and neglected stuff...you might be right.
Get It Gone!
Watching 1979 BBC Henry VI  wants to know why we can't just watch The Tudors.
I see his point.
There needs to be a class where you can learn to let go.
RT : Not much weirder than when elevator door opens and there's just some guy standing there with none of the buttons pushed.
Feels good when other rappers Fukks with me!
I'm not sure how I feel about the high school boy at McAlisters calling me dear on 3 different occasions
Me neither.
But the new stuff didn't work as well as the old stuff was already, so go figure.
come visit me.
I'm off today.
After you work of course
i wasnt mad because i opened like if i was scheduled a double i would've taken it but today was just a lot of ppl
so what happens in this second half?
Going to be good fun to watch!
I like to stay to myself.
That means no kids
That is spectacular.
Any chance you have a picture?
Face it, Hawks fans, the worst season by Blackhawks member was Stan Bowman.
None of his personnel moves worked well.
None.
Even Mayers.
There's a trick Kendoctorck does in Section 80 with almost every song.
Idk if anyone caught on but I'm gonna do it too.
Creative Pros: we have to say no to good things and, much harder, good people, as we strive for the best projects and great relationships.
You can pay someone 15 to cut your hair for you, dumbass.
Must I keep reminding myself?
Apparently so.
.
I can't wait to see how JakeTapper spins Mitt Romney's bullying as something 'positive'for America.
He's such a corporate tool!
oddly enough i wore lots of sunscreen and even a hat!
When are we having HH?
you will do great!
just have fun its the energy they will love!
thanks the for RT!
So my mom likes to catch attitudes spariodically ..
that's cool
SAT word of the day: myriad consisting of a very great number
takes carryout orders!
Give us a call at 4220150 between 11am and 4pm to place yours!
Is this a trick question?
; I should take myself back to Florida sans kids!
Let's do dinner soon!
Wonder what been written on the nonfolk spoken word song from the Velvet Underground's The Gift to the Tindersticks' Chocolate.
OMG!
I just sounded like a real fat mf.
Lbs.
my boy finally reached 1000 followers lmao
dudee i'm actually crying now...
THIS FUCKIN SUCKS
I enjoy people telling me I am a MASTER.
Keep it comin'.
UWAD Barry Alvarez waa interviewed in the latest report on Chadima.
He says he knew him like a son and was shocked by all the allegations.
Maybe it helps that it's in the East Village.
And I wonder if the it's great for people with dogs argument would work?
So how much play do you think the Prezs.
Head examined comment, when referring to those that question his decision, will get?
Ops?
check out my next tweet
MT : Rhoades: what's at stake is not 's competitiveness but what kind of state WI wants 2 be in 20 years.
Alabama?
Pres Jimmy Carter in Haiti for Habitat for Humanity.
Had honor to work on global Habitat homes w/Pres Carter  a great builder in many ways
Agreed.
Thanks so much for the RT.
I live a pretty fricking DANG good life if i might say so myself.
We thank all of the SNOCLOTHING Fans Thank you guys  gals so much for supporting us.
Also Checkout our blog at snoclothing.com/blog
Let's go fuck Atlanta
great job at the grammys you are awesome wish i was there to see you live!
great peformance you rocked !
I have no common sense but I have bed sense.
QoTD: A winner makes commitments to a goal, a loser makes promises.
what is that
Yes true ......
thanks for the morn message
yea i changed.....
i got to the money yal stayed broke
Its really hot out tho.
I need a good conversation right about now
: Don't let yesterday use up too much of today.I needed that.
Thank you.
Have a blessed week!
Time for bed, doctorving up to LA in the morning!
Buy One Happy Munchies or Happy Yogis, Get One Free Coupon
your mom
Great Newsletter FastFix in Denver ;
Love it great product!
keep the wings and just deliver me tall seadog blueberrys hold the blueberries : deal?
no I know you got it.
It's finished and you are will pass sophomore year
Happy Birthday!!
You have an ewok shirt?
Jealous!
Garcia's Today!
Moving back to the summer home like proper aristocrats.
The summer session begins Monday at Red Dot.
7pm start with the usual accoutrements
: I hate when people say they feel me man......I hate that sht.RT I fell ya man I hate that shut lol hahaha had to
IWillAlwaysLove my volleyball girls
This doesn't look live.
Hey everyone
Can you please help me get 's attention to follow me?
its so hard!!!
:
Yea u heard it?
Something tells me I'm going to be Tebowing soon...
Pets can acquire fleas anytime they enter infested areasthis can include parks , sadly, any place other pets or wildlife frequent.
that awkward moment when you realize you went poo without doctorpping your chones
This is my 500th Tweet!!
........
You're welcome.
I love group projects in school
In a startling development, i have lost 1/2 lb over the holidays.
I am obviously a machine fueled by pork fat  goose liver
hahaha.
I guess :p
what did u say about it?
And what is his twitter name?
what's up finally gettin on the twitter train
Congress and Obama are now taking aim at mortgage deductions.
They've reached a verdict in the Casey Anthony trial will be read at 2:15est!
YES.
It's so perfect because they believe it for a bit then can't even come close to figuring out who it really is
She hmu on both my accounts, that's some G shit
Yahoo!
MT : Nobody ever coined the phrase fun as a strategic planning process, but I think will buck the trend.
When ignores my text and I'm literally right in front of her 
have fun, ladies!
Saturday TV rating calls
I know if doesnt change her ways real fast on that show.
Her modern day lynching is next on social media.
Almost prefer not knowing!
But now that we do, hope someone's adding it to ebooks...
Metcalfe has Hail now Pea Size
Please Support my Tattoo Art
daps RT Is it me, or are 3somes easier had now than ever b4?
Not the Mutt 3somes either, I mean 2 IGHT joints!
Shit is dope lol
I actually am.
hungoverrrrr RT: How is derby day going 
Is John Kruk the lead off hitter in the movie The Fan?
wow ch.
540 directv.
0.75 movie, you can't beat that!
2 all beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles, onions on a sesame seed bun!!!
AWW!
I read Roald Dhal books I don't remember the first.
you know I gets it in
I'll be migrating my domains to this month!
10 bucks each!
that would be great!
Haha
always boss...good lookin out
His every thing i ever wanted,every thing i need i talk about him i go on and on cause hes everything to me : 3 I love E.S
never did that
USHLI in Springdale AR today empowering students at Southwest  Central Junior HS  Hellstern Middle School 3 more schools tomorrow
I think it depends on the person.
Your nice to me, but then again I'm not an idiot
F u and your MF crew
wsop circuit main in San Diego
I feel like visiting Texas.
this would explain why i only do the business every other day.
Excited about her valentine day class party, my 1st grader promised,  yeah, we're going to boogie...around our classroom.
Such joy.
Hey Evan, '' is inactive.
The new twitter handle is '' Thanks!
nice i dug into the lyrics more after you said it's your fav song on CD.
it is a great song!
If you get into the doctornes thing, the best general interest tweeter on this topic is surely
I love doctorving to chicago....mainly so i can reclaim my mayorship of supermix cc:
Brett is going to Horseman's bachelor party this summer..
I am thinking girls weekend to come visit you that weekend????
Yeah, of the 95 of the people there I knew, 40 still owed me money Laugh Factory Christmas Party was mad fun!
Peace'
Woke up this morning without coffee in the house for the first time in a while.
yep you sho right buddy!!!
cara student Yvette C.
just secured a position at Ada S.
McKinley Community Services!!
53 of 310!!
Very proud of my VCU Rams to even make it to the Final 4:
Get to leave school early for a 2 o clock home meet.
Learning and application of what you learn, you could solve any problem and gain any aim that you can set for yourself.
someone go run with me :.
I want it to generate tweet automatically based on the tone of my icon...
Practice today...where are my Colonials!?!?!..
relationshippains being single and seeing the girl you crush on everyday
no idea.
Just remember hearing about it.
leaving for mexico in 10 days , cant wait for the beach , warm sun ,  tanning :D
: This man gave me his seat but he left it so warm I want to stand back up.
Why was your ass so hot sir!?!?
he FARTED
glasses, curls, teal sweaterdoctorss.
:
Wow, just clicked your link  watched vid.
Fantastic stuff and hilarious in an awesome way!
Loved the dangling microphone!
Find me a bearpig.
T/GIF
RT : Getting ready to see perform with and !
So excited!
And then...KARAOKE!!!!!!
you must be pissed off all day!
Answer: Pasta.
Really?
I'm just trying to show that you can have class and also be dysfunctional.
howz life?
Your site is looking pretty fantastic these days!!
Wait, yoga tomorrow???
Did you mean Friday or are you really going tomorrow?
Thurs is Dean's class, right?
thank you, beautiful!
Have a great weekend!
What is going on off of the highland 101 exit?
I see 3 helicopters  9 police crusers...
You coming tomorrow?
If you win, you can't include your mom or stepdad Eww...
3Way...
passes to their exclusive acoustic performance at 7:30
At Cincytech this morning.
Innovation in our backyard!
I'm listening to Who You Are by Jessie J., and it made me think of you!
I hope you're having a great day!
:
What's The Best Kind Of Party?....A Stripper Party, Next Question...
I listen to the song once, and it's stuck in my head.
Lol.
that's kickass man, have fun
New post: New Best GPS
Learning Twitter
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas...
here in NYC
Congrats!!
Looks so good!
Your posts always make me laugh...
that  fear the day I have teens.
But love it just the same.
I'm seeking speaking engagements to educate re: OFCCP, ADAAA, AAP, NPRM, Inclusive Inclusion, Sustainability, Succession Plans.
Yup, my twitter account got hacked.
Yes, I hope there is a special place in hades for hackers.
Mean people suck.

Rackspace w Center for Nonprofessort Support.
Racker sharing insight on company culture.
Celebrate what works.
Find people stories.
Ending tomorrow is our 55/month rate for life Pick 2 Internet plan.
WiMAX modems w/no download cap  no contract required.
3614294758
I'm dumb I'm comin back to Mansfield to get my shoes
Newt Gingrich as guest curator?
;
honestly losing though might be blessing given the weaker farm system.
Trades could replenish as we close in on deadline.
Im So Bored  Its Making Me Slpy!
Somebody Txt Me
where you gonna watch it at?
I'll wear my retro Spurs Elliott Jersey!
Always a nice surprise when a Zac Brown Band song pops up on your iTouch Shuffle playlist or Pandora Radio.
you should learn to lose well :
Pretty confident we're wowing the world right now.
lol!
You're back in Nashville?!
Twitter R users: do you have a favorite editor?
Currently using TextPad..
don't be a dumbass
wat up ppl.
how yall been i so miss yall
Exactly one month till my birthday.
Let the countdown begin...
wcphilly How to write your posts: Make lists!
Cater to short online attention spans
Never Stop Smiling Justin!
I booked yes yes yes SAG too
Where oh where has my buddy gone?
Miss you and loving you 3 3 3 3 3.
RT : RT : How will 3DPrinting change the world?
Tweet by Monday for a chance to attend where our very...
I was ravished by the indelible cuteness of yet another canine yesterday.
Rethinking my stance against dogs now.
hey boo.
Go on dj tq page.
She asked if anyone wants to make the campus live intro song.
GOOD LOOKING OUT YOUNG NIGGA IM AT 28 SO FAR GIVE ME SOME PPL TO FOLLOW SO THEY CAN FOLLOW BACK LOL
The more independent artists that can make a career, the more diverse the music scene.
bleach is on right now tune in
WOULD YOU STOP CHEATING ON ME FOR k, thanks!
I cant wait to go home and just be able to sit and read tonight
In keeping with the spirit of Guitars 4 Troops recently featured on NPR, ABC, NBC and CBS, Chasing Disaster's new ep Bullet For A...
truth RT : Im going to play devils advocate  passive aggressive way of saying Im going to be a dick now
Hash browns..
Chose Le Pain Quotidien for lunch!
Cutest place
hope to have that shit in the next 30 and gonna cop after that lets race
Clinton Kelly called us smartypants!
Also, i need check up on this librarians in love look.
Thank you and I support you.
I am a former battered woman.
I wrote one of the first books on it in America.
Nancy
I'm gonna have nightmares tonight Papelbon is on the mound.
There is always an opportunity for you to get involved at SNACK.
Whether it be through volunteering or donations, every little bit counts!
I've got a brand new feeling.
Its a New Day
If any hardworking adults in Staten Island are looking for entrylevel work, come to WorkForce1's job fair tomorrow morning at 9:30.
The greatest call to ministry we all hv is to family ....can u win them 2 Christ!
Just going to stay in a watch movies..
it was awesome!
They even let me a hold a dime bag as a photo prop
Can't wait til October!!!
See you at Sunlife Stadium!
Miami Broward Carnival 2012!
all valid points, I'd really like to see the epic swarm reached on 4sq day this year
um.
Was she just checking her nails?!
its working for some people and not for others, just keep checking in and shouting!
thats how it shoud go if only everybody followed that
Thanks for taking the time to check out the product.
We're really excited to work w/ you folks.
Check it out I sent it lol
Kristin chenowith is pocket sized.
Adorable.
Just finished my in pain on the way home where's the meds at
thanks for the follow

Thanks!
I would welcome any feedback on the orphan works white paper and/or thoughts on how proposals would affect writers.
Visit Diamonds  Pearls Couture
Having a lovely vacation in Notern Michigan, gorgeous fall colors and today...zip line!!!!!!!
Things don't happen like that in real life, crushes rip out your heart, burn your arteries,  watch you suffer.
Ridin with : En route to the game to support the team playoffs
Woot killed that doctorve!!
i love babies.
but not this late at night when i have school tommorow and a major assignment due okay....
....for dem there Gays I change my mind?
Please!
Those folks weren't going to vote for O no matter what.
yup, and what you learn outside of school.
2 faces 1 tear 8/20/05 wen you hurt I hurt..wen you cry I cry..your life is my life..your joy is my joy..ily
yes it was great : 
LMAO!!!
why you making fun of that boy?
some people get sweaty around beautiful people!
I dont really know what to say right now , i guess ill do some AlexAndAustinMemories?
: Sarah
DM IT TO ME
like..
what?!
Just got a Dear Applicant rejection letter from a place where I am currently employed.
Nice.
We can see the light at the end of the tunnel!
The best college student job opportunity ever..coming soon!
Liked essay.
Can't get too worked up ab NA but don't think OA exists.
All culture in any moment is appropriative.
A3 Pursue your passion but have a plan
you are beautiful, in every single way.
lol yeah I thought it was a good way to start the day :
insightful and witty!
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
Winston Churchill.
The Boondocks Is The Funniest Show I Ever Seen !!!
Thanks for the follow, have a wonderful day!
oh, ight I get know
Blood doctorve this Friday at the Rice Wellness Center 10am4pm followed by GSA Crawfish Boil at 4pm.
Give and Receive!
Good morning world!!!
Sending hearts:
Your beliefs don't make you a better person...your behavior does.
at the end of a long hall, 1/2 way to the right left peaking your internet to see the entire thing!
You are my sweetest downfall
Dito :b RT : I swear I had a live ass weekend
anybody else watching the MNLeg coverage on tpt?
just shot down a dumb ammendment on the
...Hard to believe we're leaving you, Milwaukee Fortress...
Excellent!
Shoot us a tweet if you need anything MT Shooting 's show at the MAG today.
Should be a great time!
Ah!
I did the same thing!
It's infectuous...
Are you eyebrows thinning?
We have an amazing permanent makeup artist at Deseret.
Take a look at the photos and see for yourself.
RT : ever go back and read your own update tweets?
sort of like reading a journal rather cool.
Are you really this bored?
Mother's Day doctornk Special: Fresh Peach Bellini!
I just realized that my Glade plug in lasted longer than KimKardashian s marriage.
Stay schemin.
Rick ross
I'm half an hour early all but 2 days this semester and no one is here, 20 minutes late today and there are 4 people waiting.
Awesome.
BOW BOW BOW BOW BOOM!
EAT IT ...
if he plays you guy will lose for sure
This nigga took his girl to Target to chill...
Lmao smh
Don't you feel so defeated when you doctorp half of your Oreo at the bottom of your glass of milk?
aww omg I love ur professorle pic!
U and Jionni are so cute!!
Love u both so much!
Congrats on ur baby  engagement 33
Yo Joel!
How r u?
we should talk again!
it's been a long time
RT Fucka friend, I need more enemies.
At least those bitches admit they don't like me.
how can I be of service?
I TEXT YOU WHORE
EVERYONE go follow otherwise you will never have chaocolate again no lie so if i were you i would follow her!!!!!!
Pi Phi champagne breakfast with again, I am the only guy and this time there are 100 girls.
I just want one guy friend, just one ha
ATL!
Come out and enjoy the Karaoke and Spoken Word Open Mic tonight at iLounge from 7p10p  1287 D Glenwood Ave, Atlanta.
See you there!
amazing design and visual feast of London's Sketch by !!
Oh hello Valentine's Day hangover.
Cats on Pinterest: a Pictoral History should DEFINITELY be one.
OMG!!
E Lynn
Using authenticity and principled magic within an mmersive learning environment to teach science with jigsaw pedagogy
Yep.
We're crossing our fingers for doubledigit temp!
The friggin laptop has been getting frozen again.
Maybe I'd better buy a faster PC.
But I can't really afford it so far.
Any pointers?
loved eating with yall today!!
3 :
worth a try sometime then.
this song is beautiful to me :
Very cool.
great!
Just waiting for this semester to be over!!
Lol
In Greenwich village...love u NYC
Who's the worst?
Stern?
RT : I'm going to say this now Goodell is the best comissonner in the major sports
Changing the world begins with the very personal process of changing yourself, the only place you can begin is where you are.
THANK YOU :
nice seeing you yesterday at the SaraBayClassic.
Good luck today!
Did you know that tomorrow is Pisco Sour Day?
Where will you celebrate?
THINK I MIGHT CRASH EARLY!
Hahahaha, I almost RT'd this too.
Did you decide on Yeast for Saturday, I would say London ESB, but you will have a higher FG.
all u fools niggaz can suk ma cock man
Have a great week ahead!
RT CU Soccer 2011 hilights.
See , ,  that diving header by are in it too
Thanks : Hi Luisa.
How are you?
Taking Nikki to a burlesque show, like a good big sister.
what happened to the podcast?
on to the next one
My fingers are like refrigertor meat, bur
thinking about doing a weekly gopro video...
starting off with a
thank you so much you made my day 3 .
But i think the follow didnt work you are not in my followers :/ 3
Tonight!
The sold out, Our Lady Peace show at Subterranean!
The Pack A.D.
open.
Doors at 7:00pm, see you then!
this sounds like fun!
where do people sign up?
Celebrating my princess birthday this weekend and my niece.
Its all Kiddy action fun this weekend.
Do rappers get paid when they are featured on another rappers song?
Whoever made showing breasts a part of the mardi gras tradition deserves a throne and a small country..
im back in town now
Love watching ants stroll into my ant traps never to be seen again.
Team In Training is an awesome program  we'd love to have you on our team!
Register for one of our upcoming fall events!
Lets Go KNICKS!
My THIRD Apple Macbook charger in a year died today, and my ultra loud Denon headphones malfunctioned yesterday : Ugh
aww what's wrong
No one knows what i am talking about......
But you
Happy Easter!!
Miss you!!!
Things I don't want hear while at work that I know I will: lil Wayne, the word nigga, and how much are dem beats?
You put on any song and that shit is a hit
Can I put my clothes in your moms car in the morning?
:
If a patient judged your competence based on your waiting room or equipment, what would they say?
Nice meeting you last night at the
When the right talks about fat cats in Washington don't they mean Romney?
Have a 13NLH w a few seats still open.
Come on over and get yours hours in for our 2500 Freeroll played Sunday at 4pm!
Ready, set, go  you have one week in Hawaii  where would you go?
My birthday has been awesome thanks to everybody who told me .
Hey Tere, it's our pleasure.
Were stoked that you love longboarding!
Hope you have a great summer of riding.
Happy birthday to the best dad!
I love you!!
RT True religion is real living; living with all one's soul, with all one's goodness righteousness Albert Einstein
Gotcha.
Where's Garrett Jones then?
Won't he be the PIT 1B?
I want a cookie..
I'm craving them hoes :
Pittsburghs one of the most air polluted cities, but so is LA  five other Cali towns.
i must be destined to die cardiovascularly.
Dewhurst, he's back and stronger!
Tim Tebow having a female dog named Mark Sanchez.
Wrong on so many levels!!!!
mmmhhmm bu i chaged to this bc i got twitter jail once!
lol im a twitterholic!
RT : : looks like he survived a cremation!n u survived abortion u HeBitch  lmao!!!
girl, interrupted is one of the greatest movies of the 90's .
or at least i think so 
Rain, rain, go away!
This NBA trade deadline has been nuts.
So many huge trades.
Yep, biggest problem NBA GMs have.
Corey Hart!
The Alexander Semin of the brewers
New or used bass?
look at used stuff first,many good instruments can be found in great condition at good prices.Don,t get hung up on brands.
Reality setting in today...rely on the strength of the Lord hei
Was going to get so much lesson planning done.
But then the headache came.
And the medicine cabinet is empty.
Woof.
no prob Bob
Hey I love ur twitcon.
U are a very beautiful woman..
I love complementing u 
Another LIVE 30 Rock next week?!
That's like winning the sweepstakes!
Ha!
love this!
I am going to have to use that one myself!
; 
thanks Sheila.
You've clarified it.
Great marketing, but not necessarily the best approach to managing a digital presence?
WE GOTTA COMFRIM FOR SURE FROM YOU HOW LONG ARE YOU GOING FOR?
have you done recaps for the other episodes like does.
Maybe you two should do a duet together.
I keep on fallin' in and out of wells.
When your patient and wait the good one come when you least expect it
u did it again my G, 2 battles in 1 day.
is getting 2 comfortable wont feeling him today.
he aint hungry anymore
To clarify, I'm not saying marriage should be everyone's end goal or the ideal set up.
Heck, some of us couldn't get married if we wanted to
My charity doctoram!
5k zombie run is on my schedule May 5!
Boston here i come!!
hehe.
Perhaps there should be a team Zombies Cant Love.
:
themostannoyingtweeters The UNFRIENDLY ones.
thanks to new followers have a great day!
dude!
I missed your voicemail.
Can I call you tomorrow?
Does the Crew have a chance to sign Ramirez???
It is important to incorporate market potential when setting quotas by evaluating fairness between territories says
hair is officially curled: now i have to get doctorssed for this graduation ceremony for my sister
Definition of a Planet  A body of Earth surrounded by sky..
When all else fails, just give up already
LTNY looking at progression of shifts in the business of law
That's terrible!
These folks would say, know you're type and go with it!
how rebuild?
Compete or embrace Wikipedia?!?!
you are quite welcome!
We seem to have the same sports philosophy.
Will have to do this again!
stalking  checking  snooping : aint cool it just shows how insacure you are.
Happy New Year, Joe!
God bless!
:
Chaudhary's take on sympathy brings to mind Deleuze's: part if the mechanism of becoming everyoneexperienced as plurality.
oh!
That should be fun.
They are perfectly round.
Creative :
QoTD: Hear one side and you will be in the dark.
Hear both and all will be clear.
But I thought the Israeli government warned all the Jews to get out!
Hmm, true.
That's kind of creepy.
God I can't wait Togo home.
Wanna curl in bed with my girl
Word for today is feckless: weak, ineffective, worthless, irresponsible.
Is your business plan feckless?
Twitter you never looked so good haha
I actually bred a guy at the bookstore last night.
He asked me to ease it in, so I shoved it in, pinned him to the wall and let him have it.
come back come back to mee like you would you would if this was movie stand in the rain outside till i come out  Taylor Swift 3
What are you watching tonight?
Anyone checking out a horror movie?
Give us a 140 word review and we'll retweet it.
GO FOLLOW THE BADDEST PROMOTERS ON HERE THIS THE TEAM YOU WANT TO BE ON...REAL TALK
Happy Veteran's Day.
Thanks for your service.
Happy Birthday to Ben Thorseth!!
R.I.P.
you're always in our hearts bro!
It was way too short, but i'll see you on the other side
Hate It Hate It!!!
Lol RT : RT Don't you hate how everything is up for discussion
they are in my BFs neighborhood.
I just hope they air it since it ends next week
Don't listen to these goofy bastards  keep doing your thing Pres.
Obama.
I don't need you to act for the cameras, just get shit done
Amanda French dpla DPLA more than website, must provide services.
Want a building  a monument to informed, enriched citizenry.
Love coming home too I love you mom even though they should be sleeping at 1130 at night.
Add personal touch to your clothing  accessories, it will save you up.
I think I agree.
He sees her too often for it to be a booty call
Grind hard pray harder
you are the best I ever had, mom :.
wish you were here.
:
Is GE running an ad for turbines or turbans...maybe I don't know how to pronounce that word.
In either case not rushing out to buy one.
I will.
Thanks!
I even got ignored on the way to class T.T I'll let it slide this time.
the Vans Warped Tour in August:
Do you see what I see?
Come try our challenging holiday scavenger hunt at the Conservatory Crossing!
Now through Jan 8.
RT : everything on the internet was created by someone, even animated gifs
Our UK team is renowned for their hipness.
cc:
I believe this is day 3 of my White Rabbit earworm.
It does not matter what else I listen to, it creeps back in.
Checking out the Alabama Shakes show
The Importance Of sheerlingerie  fashion in pakistan
OH but i just remembered 's cousin said she could go shot for shot wit me n smh death wish lol
Still awake watching Sox v.
Rays in top of 16th.
doctornkingbeer already on a Saturday night!
Gonna be out in Chicago say hey if you see me!
Happinessis good times with great friends!
Meow.
Meow meow meow.
I love kitty cats.
Those jars.
You were right.
I'm obsessed.
Looks wonderful you little
shelf life of Xtol is a bitch isn't it?
I like
You noticed from last night, we only did two from the 80s.
And our set's two hours long.
Ann Wilson
Ok ha
Just inked a deal for a great new client.
: wish I could disclose, sometimes competitive intelligence is an odd business.
PLEASE WISH ME A HAPPY BIRTHDAY TODAY I TURNED 17 3 u
GIVE WHITE PEOPLE SOME PATCHOULI INSCENSE AND OILS WITH SOME OLD VINTAGE BEE GEES.
SHIT YOU GOT YOURSELF A OFF BEAT PARTY GOING ON.
LOL.
it's totally yours too!!
I'll write you a note if you need proof to show others : xo
sure love :
sweet, crispy and a lot of delicious.
sweet potato is the newest flavor to hit the shelves at
The lesson is what you read in the fine print
Love is a losing game /3
What do men and beer bottles have in common?
They're both empty from the neck up.
Meanwhile, the process of moving countries remains long, complicated and rich with absurdity.
Visualization Tools session has morphed to discussion of text modeling poetry.
Not what I expected, but fascinating.

ask Dad!
Just flew back to AZ now at CREAM in Scottsdale poppin' bottles where you at?
Hit me up if you want to join me 602.348.1722.
Miss ya all.
Bank Of America, pulling back on debit card fees, has another way to charge you more...
find out how
RT if you saw or in public you would FReaAk out!
Putting a Soft cotton tee on after a hott shower 
cause that truth hurts and those lies heal 
This class can be somewhat boring.
Oh man doctorse maybe injured.
Pacers all the way!
Have taken shit to a whole new level!
happy birthday brah!
All you gotta do is go to the store and by a carton of eggs, then you have 12 chickens!
//
Thanks for the Follow!!
these are the most uncomfortable shoes ever.
Awww brought back some of the original biebs movess back in Boyfriend:
Wonder how much pizza hut throws down to get those pizza boxes on the table / sponsor the halftime show.
I put five creamers and three packets of sugar in my coffee.
I AM NOT AN ANIMAL.
lmao yall still love that shit, prob only skimp u cuz the boss is makin it, if YOU order later in the day I got you!
hi!
How was the show?: are you guys still there
1dayIwantto be completely doctorma free
I'm hyper!
Let's play!
On the road againlunch for 12 and Sales Prospecting 101 this week
Went doctorss shopping today : feel like a princess XD
text me
I hate those bots!
Have a great day!
Borrowing my friend's behemoth desktop PC for a while since I've been without one for almost 2 years.
Bunny and Brandy wish good luck to the Chicago chefs on
friends are the best family.
EVER
Packing  Have One On Me  Death/Despair
try hot tea and advil cold and sinus : thats been helping me pretty well lately feel better !
New year  new goals, aspire to new highs
follow back?
: xo imma big fan of PLL!!
Thanks Its my daily ritual except on sunday!
I get my best ideas running!
Nobody in baseball I want to see succeed more than Josh Hamilton.
4 jacks tonight.
Love it.
You and your 3 Petco HRs can suck it, Braun.
New penny stock pick PLPE.
Just bought
I'm eating Subway for breakfast, you jelly?
;
omg!
Two of my favorite country singers in 1!!!!!
Can't wait!!!!!!!3
Do not tease me.
Headed out to Need some canvas and brushes.
Haven't worked on anything since got here.
I feel inspired now.
ugh i need to meet again please come to new york very soon!
xx 3
Sip on the new McCafé Cherry Berry Chiller  feel the rush of deliciousness.
Don't Grind or clench your teeth.
they look fitted like an American Apparel tee.
Im ordering a men's medium to wear like a doctorss...the measurements are on the site.
yes sugarmuffin: we suree do: haven't talked since Tovey's party: buhh bye beautiful;
Ha.
Good point.
But seems like most of the examples are areas where gov't involvement is longstanding.
I thank the lord everyday seriously.
thank you mama, love and miss you.
awh, thats so sweet of u to dohehe
way to do it how's it done last night.
can you come declutter my house too?
2 small kids 3 hour commute  full time job  messy house!
hahahaa that is so awesome!!!
i think it so perfect!!!
:
I'm faded
that's me right now I only have 33
P.E.A.C.E.
Proper Education Always Corrects Error
iphone autocorrect Settings/general/keyboard/autocorrect on/off
I remember my first tweet!
Not okay, tequila, not okay.
I can't wait for tomorrow.
great to see you too!
did you pick up a small bag at aoir conf registration table?
i gave it to beth patin
i love prince
My sister is also a gifted healer
One more girl follow  for me?
3
I'm sure Richardson will turn the browns around.......
sike.
Do like some random song or something.
; Follow me?
Really you think Eminem sucks?
Are you insane, right?
Haha, Sucks?
You suck, BITCH !
Got hired to work at the Lowes in Elk Grove yesterday.
Third different store I've worked at.
Have heard good things about it.
MustFollow Thanks for the connection Jackie
I ask that all the time and it does hurt.
He was always about love and cared more for others more than himself.
i miss him
that sounds like a fantastic lunch...
we prefer to be known by our tribal name fans.
Depends on the kind of awkward.
A certain level of awkward can be endearing.
RIP  Junior Seau  My prayers go out to him and his family.
Proud member of the CPC.
Chris Piss Club.
We are looking to open at the end of April.
Things are progressing nicely!
add me here my email find me
I thought I had been following I think dis iPod b unfollowing ppl
Thank you for FF mention!
if you want to come back as a keynote speaker in the future, would that be your best move though?
that makes sense then!
I thought you can't make surface lots downtown, or is that because the shape is so weird?
how in the world did get cool smiley faces with sun glasses??
June 26th Beer Land with Waxeater.
Be there.
It just kicked in for me today.
This morning is was the usual, then I came back and it was changed.
We are a fracture creation easily affected inside and out by influences .So test all spirit to see if its true .
Could you give me a call?
Over the phone?
;
great, same just trying to figure out how this workks lol
I'm so in love with 21
artpolitics to think through the new.
An active strain of postmodernism against nostalgia.
'Andy Murray confident about another disappointing failure' Sport just in
Music expresses that which cannot be put into words and that which cannot remain silent.
Tags, pizza, cool new friends, a reunion between a friend and I...
Perfect night.
Couldn't have asked for a better time.
808Pride if someone calls you ugly dont yell at them punch them cause action speak louder than words
hungry...I want a teriyaki bowl with some crab ragoon...can you make it happen ???
lol
They did it!
Mount goes to the championship bowl game AGAIN!
watching the Rockies beat the Diamondbacks.
Hope they can hold on through the 9th!
what is that extracted from?
Lobster meatball or Brie Burger ?
Check it out with us Hot, Hot, Hot Gypsy Jazz to accompany your evening !
9pm, no cover.
official showcase for Thursday night, need to get on some day parties, after parties, etc.
any leads would be helpful!
I certainly am..loving this ABQ weather
he's gonna be in Shanghai for 2 years with the architecture firm that hired him.
I'm happy for him but I'm pretty bummed
you had me at hello...
i dont give a bleep about the royal wedding!
aw: shuttup!
I'm just telling you the truth:
psh it's only cause you were amazing :D
Take the road less traveled the journey is much more scenic.
The experience is worth it.
I think it's cool..really?
witch one..
The last pick in the 1st ever 2012F2Amockdoctorft belongs to the GIANTS as will be selecting
Feeling pretty pleased with my giants as a SB sleeper call.
Healthy and balanced.
Giants v Pats rematch.
you're half the ruminant you used to be.
Senator Fontana announces that SenateBill 157 recently passed the Pa Senate unanimously 
ya supa lame
:  I'll just have to do some on the ground reconnaissance  write down the relevant seats.
Coding my XML midterm.
Wishing I had picked something simpler.
Goddammit.
we are all upset with the royals recent failures...
but SKC is messing up the MLS Go
Mind boggling
one day at a time
What are some other ReasonsToLoveCoffee?
Please share!
:
sooner nation
you're feet are hot.
You sent me this message 2 days ago and I still don't have an answer.
Please respond so I know you're still there
GO PATRIOTS!!
we are in the midst of literacy revolution yet we keep hearing that no one reads anymore.
The truth is reading has increased.
Oh girl we get it!
Hope to see you soon : T
aw haha: I don't know if I'll be 'famous', but thanks!
I don't see why people waste their money to go to a comedy show only to heckle and bitch them out.
Dude, you're a fucking idiot.
Yahh!
Working on my new account : Follow me people!!
:D
: First Laker game I don't watch or attend and Kobe doctorps 48.
Wow.
maybe you should stop watching...do it for KOBE
A warm water/lavender oil soak for my feet.
Relaxing, yes, but still a few pedicures away from being summer ready.
Thx for URL, will share.
My best wishes to all.
May I ask since u refute: where were sonograms if not in tent as reported?
Where's the 100 billion  heck, where's the 65 billion?
In math bored
Noticed That after MJ passed a lot of his friends have been dying.
Its quite sad
listening to music and cutting and redying my hair 3 maybe someday someone will find me attractive : i hate being alone
Harry:Whats ur name?
Me:My Future Wife Harry:Everyone, this is My Future Wife.
Audience:..
Me:..
Harry:..
Me:..
Harry:Wait a minute..
Expect greatness.
Start the day saying something good is going to happen to me today!
dude I don't wanna listen to anything else besides our band!
I love our songs!!
Hey.
I sent you some shirts from and we've merged with We've got some awesome stuff.
Interested?
DGA and HITECH Data Centers wishes everyone a Happy Thanksgiving!
no he didnt, he shot like 35 all season.
Jon Lucas did erthing
Just finished watching the super bowl and eating a lot of chocolate covered pretzels with and
ME: That sounds groovy.
Hope you had a great flight ROFLMAO!!!!!!
I am watching on the Talk and laughing my butt off !!!
Church was amazing!

gotcha, thanks!
:
Can't wait for the TV commercials featuring !
Hurry up, Opening Day!
RiseDesign!
Ed Helm's, from The Hangover, rewrote a verse of his Tiger/Doug song to help get us through the remainder of the week...
wat is it?
I hear yu..
What's da name of ya cd ill help yu get it out hea!!!
Yu no we
Pff don't even, you're in Chicago having an incredible time with Jelly For jealous.
It gets doctor from beating it like that.
Bob Ross.
Oh he's a kinky one tonight.
It's Friday the 13th AND National Kiss Day!
Lipstick stains on your clothes?
Love marks?
Get them cleaned for
It's the little things in life that count.
I tried a new toothpaste this time and it's amazing!
I love how clean my mouth feels right now!
hahaha...I'm catching up on my favorite shows...it can't be noticed I've missed almost a year ;
Feed your hunger!
A well balanced mealprotein: chicken, fish, tofu, beef,  grain  starch: pasta, rice, potato,  color: veggies/fruit.
I have 3 PAID slots available or the Warrior Dash in Portland next Saturday.
Message me if interested!
From an alum, thanks 4 the follow!
I heard the birds chirping!
Can't wait for it to be morning
thank you so much!
We are very excited!
don't text me if I'm inna bad mood.
that could be the worst mistake of your life.
In town for ?
Come join us for a glass of wine, some cheese and some great live music this evening!
Lol Ticketmaster rep screwed us over but we managed to get 7 sep tickets in the same section
wishing YOU a merry xmas, we hope you find a pair of SOLD OUT tickets in your stocking tomorrow !!
heh.
Wordpress showed that I was being followed by a certain KG from another wordpress blog, so I clicked on follow.
Donating my truck to charity.
It's become an ongoing nightmare w/ whackos of DC government and I think this might fix the karma..
Methinks Samsung decided Richarddoctoryfuss was too much  and went with scale VO  crazy money on Rocky, MLK, etc licensing
I just ate a whole pack of mentos, but that's ok because they're mints and not candy...
please feel free to not correct that statement.
I'm coming for you December 8th.
Oh yes.
Oh yes.
Thanks for the suggestion.
Wish it were available for PC/Mac.
hey how was your birthday?!
Another way to enhance yr homebuyer customer experience: portals!
Share building process, encourage communication, keep it all in one place!
Miss my mates, laughing at silly things
I'm sorry, but three in a row should be a sign....
Yeah ikr i just finished too..I hate it, there are too many questions and CL is so frustrating
Yes!
Tell everyone,  , this Fri  Sat !
Rage!
Good vibes coming your/your dad's way.
Crystalshines7 FYI Romney didn't win.
He was chosen by Wall Street and he's not a natural born citizen.
F the constitution
aww haha well congrats to you on meeting ml again!
You all look lovely in the photo!
: email me the pics if you have any a
yes!
I am more important than a presentation and school!
Office outing to experience Titanic: The Artifact Exhibition.
This is a mustsee exhibit you don't want to miss!
what about AJ Jenkins?
The Art of Learning by Josh Waitzkin is an excellent book which I think you would like, great insight into the process
Patriots win....Patriots win
looks like you've been working out :
We're looking for Seattlearea, likeminded organizations to collaborate on a tweetup.
Interested?
Message us!!
We love networking!
Let's talk bad about me to my boyfriend ya real smart?
Masoli leading all players with 41 yards rushing
no u don't have to.
And I just run to stay in shape like around the block  stuff
Death before dishonor is losing it's meaning
Gettin ready to go outside before it rains.
Falling head over heels for an amazing guy.
My little baby LOVES you on Fresh Beats.
Any haters need to be nice.
You are great at your job!
:
super special FF to my phavorite phambro dirty you get one all to yourself!!!
i have XL...
i like little larger than normal!
; LOVE U
All my favorite things in one photo.
I am in class.
and its so boring all talk no learning
not today, i will when i get home though...
i took 2 advil pm about 30 seconds before i hit my head oops
I miss The Vampire Diares!
Can't wait ubtil Fall!
did you know that your last fb status has TONS more likes than 's latest status?
:o 2012isAustinsYear3
i have so much to do...this class is just wasting precious studying time.!
Sunday: stay focused, stay positive.
Misery loves company so don't take a rest there.
Keep moving forward!
We will be cheering you on tonight!
Women wish to be loved without a why or a wherefore; not because they are pretty, or good, or wellbred, or graceful, or intelligent,
Hurra!
Lunch was awesome!
Glad we got to catch up about Turkey and life in general.
Also, EVET!
I would love that!
:
How do you think the Japanese public would react to very huge sounding, powerful, MELODIC synthesizer music with strong beats?
Super awesome surprise video tonight!
Who wants to see it it ASAP?!
:D
Spotted: cycling one handed across 42nd Street, wearing a dapper tweed jacket.
Never seen anyone look so elegant on a bike!
is a great business in Georgia!
They support and sponsor PC artists!
u want me gone forever.
Thanks for reminding us of his birthday.
Scalabrine chants in staples center.
Bulls fans showed up tonight!
And we're headed toward the home stretch!
Get your adaptive learning questions in now.
I'm glad I'm not the only one suffering from boredom at work.
RT : What on earth am I gonna do with myself?
Thx for the rt  Much appreciated!
Hose a
Fake nick maras on facebook who think their real.
At least we know we're not alone .
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
Og Mandino
Hey Jen!!!thought i'd look you up on twitter.I do occasionally.
Is this life
Haha :P Ninjaness?
:P Hehe  Okay, I Will Try Not To Leave Again :P  I Missed You Too :
Very sexciting!
Thanks for giving me something to look forward to on Schmalentine's Day!
hey what up
Ascribe to the LORD, O mighty ones, ascribe to the LORD glory and strength.
Psalm 29:1
woudl it be ok if i dm you
Floyd gonna tko him watch
I like SNAPpers because it reminds me of snapping fingers as opposed to Snape.
same to you!
my email addoctorss is .
Some ppl never get old haha
and Sign of the Times...
that record is the stuff.
Those wowowows
What species scares u then?
MusicNews Shut Up, Dude: This Weeks Best And Worst Comments
Rest your head ...
Get it right!
It's a great day to say thank you to someone!
I can't remember if this is one of those go to work holidays or not :
Very proud of this iu team.thanks for a great ride,no matter how good u play, u can't beat a team that shoots 95 on almost 40 FT's
thanks so much!!
I'm super stoked for it.
Oh you're so right!
He's a survivor, and someone we can count on :
Remember to wear tight jeans.
Costa
MT : German Embassy honors NationalDaysofRememberance at HolocaustMemorialMuseum by reading out names of victims today.
There will be hell to pay with fire and blood!
next year sam!
we'll make it happen.
i've put it on my vision board in my head!
Candy is my crack
please send us your contact info to
I'm going to start the Ministry of Studies then.
:
WOOW!
Twitter...
It's been too long!
Shoot us a riddle, we can answer anything 
Thank you Lord for allowing me to make it through another year safe and sound.
Mad respect for Marc Ecko and his AWEthenticity.
You'll have to let me know how it was!
:
Hey what do i wear to this beach workout?
Goggles, speedo, shin guards??
Talk to me...
Going to shave my head and grow a beard, so I can be in a Christian band.
Our new cd A Sheep in Wolf's Clothing is now on iTunes!
Make sure to pick it up, and tell 'em Jerry sent ya!
Eric bledsoe is a player.
At ALA Council orientation but missing library boing boing discussion
Hey Dairy Queen.
I grow friends too.
And they're all named MaryJane.
:D 3
ON TWITTER?
FOLLOW:
how greatt:O
hey Eden!
Thanks for following me.
Hope to see you soon for some phelps Spingarn collaboration
I was innocently walking home from school and the crazy horseobsessed girl doctorve past and waved to me with the creepiest smile ever.
you're a loser xD I love you
lmaooooo I already know.
bahahaha but I'll be doing the same.
I'm just now getting up too.
Hi love the site!!!
really?
Not even back in the day with my old emo band?
George came to our first show.
Poor thing.
It was awful haha
Fascinating works of art!
ah so close!
We got half right
Thank you...
I cannot live, I cannot breathe unless you do this with me.
done reading?
Haha
theyre trying to download indesign fonts on the new imac or whatever
If he knows what he is doing he will have a seat ready for the homie..
so jealous of your adventures.
I look forward to your recap.
In Cali?
Wisco return soon?
If Chivas lands a ball in the middle of the logo in the stands, the player gets a free steak.
Enjoying a quiet morning.
You're coming sat aren't you??
You can change default.
Settings/General ...
Me and Jeremy showin out in this light room lol
just completed 10 minutes of meditation with
Ok so why did old dude text me right now saking me what am I doing and am I still ignoring him like really r u kinding me
I see.
I'll look into the game, but I'm playing the God of War series right now.
RT : RT : : doctornk your morning coffee with these ecofriendly cups!
Win them by...
yeah.
cause I'ma dumbass P.L.U.R.3
Guys, I really like .
I 'like like' him
YW, and I'll look forward to your images!
ive been confused since I started following you 2 months ago.
What is MK7?
please i must know
nah,...am just jealous...
Just saw a horse suck a slug to death and spit it into a bush.
Thank you all for the ff recommendations!
was the wink creepy?
It looks a little creepy now that I see it
First person to like this status wins 2 tickets to see Hairspray at doctorry Lane in Oak Brook tomorrow afternoon at 1:30 p.m.
why are your eyes closed betty?
Its so beautiful in the BAY TODAY
enjoy winter!
It is just really late this year...
Hey Mia, How have you been?
Are you going to holding a Cash Mob?
sotellmewhy we only talk about cleaning.
this is very true
good to know!!
that's what i'm getting, i've been slightly freaking out!!
Where did all of these hot math nerds come from
he's prolly submitting like crazy to Specter but y'all keep rejecting him
People if u have not read The Scorpio Races u need to stop what u r doing and go find a copy.
CIE Director speaking about importance of failing fast and how Ben will share on that topic.
Ha ha ha because men snore and we women want our own rooms ha ha ha
Most ironic health class of my life.
let's go to steak n shake!
I see we hav some og's n common wreckx work  some nu too much luv Fam M
FF Great clientsfriends!
I would like to welcome to Twitter!
Welcome, PONCE!
how often do you type Milfs into your phone, so it thinks you use it in your regular vocabulary?
One of those groups is in mine :
Im afraid I can't do that.
Out cupcakes turned out delicious!!:
pills kicking in, good night/morning/day, hope your hair comes out the way you want.
Talk to you later.
At 6 mil AZ would have to eat 5 million.
ONLY Padoctors cant hit him.
Take them out of his record  he is worst in MLB in 2011
hi!
We need to talk!!!
RT : kiss me by ed sheeran is going to be played at my wedding yes ok yes
Interesting.
I'd like to see more discussion of how this affects qualityand, for that matter, quality of life for the authors!
My phone dies far too often.
Loving this LA weather : 
At Seton Hill University for Denise Pullen's new play, Running in Traffic.
we should start a new lending team on Kiva.org, The coolest people in the world, it'd be a small team ;
Cain endorses Gingrich for President at an event tonight in West Palm Beach
have at it!
Any idea I have is fair game.
;
Hey beautiful ones
I can't take credit for it, because I didn't say it first.
But nonetheless it is very well said and definitely the truth!
Biden and Justice Kagan have both arrived here at the White House in Slash costumes for POTUS' TheVoiceFinale watch party...
Is the changing season giving you skin issues?
No worries!
We can create custom treatment for you.
Call us to schedule an appointment!
if you want the recipe, i'm hear to make that melancholy tea.
So grateful and inspired by the Atlantaacumen team  great stuff happening!
I was cursing out the damn shuttle bull shit !!!
Lol
Good to see you, too, Jeff.
Thank you!!
Enjoy and of course if you have any issues let me know.
Instead of bitching about the bad call at the end of last night's game, why don't you try helping out on the defensive boards.
Spinach and cheesestuffed chicken breasts in white wine sauce with bashed, ovenroasted lemon potatoes.
How about you?
yea its mad crazy on here the game had came out today
If you can give your students agency, I'll take a side of it.
I'm great.
How are you?
In session about migration to D2L.
Looking forward to hearing my colleague, Emily Stone talk about DePaul's experience.
OMG are you serious?
Who did that?
What do you sexy followers want me to pic of .
My vag .
But .
Or boobs ?
Wednesday was bike to work day in NOLA.
Continue the healthy trend and make 1 day/ week bike day.
Your heart will thank you for it.
just had a good sesh with some crazy ppl : that's always the best.
Looking forward to this Saturday's Urban Wildlands Half Marathon in Richfield.
Hoping for notsoheavy weather.
running urbanwildland.com/
ha, i tweeted to myself earlier.
Im up n adam if ya wanna hit the gym early
hey just read your blog entry on digitization and metadata.
If you ever want to discuss any of the issues, let me know
yeah as far as I know!
s/o 2oo , sweet doctorams  goodnight :
See you soon!!
lame as hell.
Now my nigga wiln
Life is good but love is better/Even Bieber ain't forever
: well I'll catch up!
whether you cheat or not, mwahahaha :
A precedent embalms a principle.
There has been so many trends but I think it's time for Mom4Bieber to trend WORLDWIDE!!!
3
Edge of my seat.
Literally.
At Dolcezza, on the edge of my seat here.
I should make a movie who's wit me?
I will be adding new products to the website...
Coconut butter coffee butter yummy for the skin
I was making duplicate tweets today.
Sorry.
I am not a bot.
Blame Blip.fm
Giants punt!
your account is sending spam
good!
: how about you?
Are you still on the desert?
Hope you're having a great night.
Love you :
One more automated timer, and I should have ALL herpotological enclosures fully automated!
What a productive day!
No problem, let me know how it goes.
today were finishing up the last day of shooting for the new RH Bass Course book series
thank you very much!
I am never satisfied!
Can be good and bad ; I look forward to our new friendship!
If i show u a magic trick your impressed if i show u how to do the trick then you will think your my equal.
Not to get overly philosophical, but all of our bodies will eventually break down.
Our will only does so much.
She put me through a lot of shit too...
no one is perfect.
thanks for the great review.
went there last night and LOVED it.
Thank you Europe for supporting TA!
This is the first lay in I've had for ages
In about a month ;
What's that?
What's that you say?
You say today is Saturday?
G'bye, I'm going out to play!
2nd season of Missing is already frustrating and repetitive.
Didn't we do this already?
Also why is the set so dark all the freaking time.
aww thanks!
Tours, talks and great artwork.
Stop by ' booth at the Affordable Art Fair, ends today!
You make me smarter :
Fiesta de Puffles
like what...?
I haven't smoke doctor n a minute....
Same here.
I missed my Monday mornings off.
So glad to have them back, and to have the law students back.
LMAO....
No I'm not bald lol ..!!
My hair was blonde lol
I hate it when I'm too busy to just sit and watch When I'm working on other stuff while watching it, I feel so unsatisfied.
sorry, we have to sit back and wait for the sun to shine again...
i was saying i wanna meet for lunch on monday!
I don't even wanna go to prom anymore
hey did you watch the Helga Lately sketch?
Seems it was all in good fun.
Sweden is probably pretty offended.
Damn still at work
did the perfect take of a new song called fangs...
then the computer loses its mind...
Looking at pictures of my family in Chicago...
I miss them so much :
Ahh, youve got originals.
I have the tradebookits fresh too.Me and my kid would read em at the bus stop :
Hope all of you had a wonderful holiday just got back myself
Back from the holidays and open for business215.790.3836x1
ill see what I can do
No if I did I'd just be riding the ride mower
Really thought I had seen it all, then I watched the Eddie Long video.
Frightening!
RT : It's already too hot in Texas to wear pants indoors.
that sounds nice, I listen to music a lot when I'm trying to lull myself to sleep haha
Oh my.
I love you bitches, I really do but that's enough FF's.
I'll do more in like a week..
or two.
What kind of kid doesn't watch cartoons and hates chocolate?
man chill out!
The supreme court maybe an unelected body but in this case they're representing the popular better than the elected bodies
you got many seattlepackernation peeps?
Our band is definitely a Charlotte.
Omg i love shopping.
;
what up sun!
Good Morning Lil cousin..
Love you RT : Goodmorning favorite cousin
New Moon is a thoroughly campy and ridiculous movie but I really love the soundtrack.
Reminds me of the first fall I spent in ATX.
maybe they thought it was striving too hard for effect :
haha.
yeah, yeah...
bahahaha yes!!!
RT I think I'm gonna have to purchase the iPhone app Last night....?
just for this weekend...yikes!
You bet.
Have a great one Leslie!
RT of your going to the Super Bowl!!
let me know like falsetto singing
Oh, I am so curious what you ended up doing!
Experience a doctormatic reduction in hunger and cravings for all types of food with HCG Body Transformation System
If the H2 Channel runs one more special about the Apocalypse, I'm going to kill myself!
ad2dc Detroit Spot  did it miss pushing who created it?
Jjuat woke up.yawns...
.Lets get this night started!
XALOS, ANAHEIM TONIGHT!!!!!!!!
Nope, those are wackadoodles, too.
Also,
Worst thing about March...
Shamisterck shakes, gross
Danielle stores nuts in her bra.
Editing new video tip...stand by :
Does socialnetworking really benefit the individual photojournalist if they are not using an iphone?
Babysittin for free what don't judge me
; RT : god I blame the bulls for this even being a topic of discussion in May
Twitter is always acting up!!
oh got it!
The old Weissgerber's place.
Nice view there.
The concrete floor is slippery when wet!
Careful!
i just wish i wasn't leaving FGCU so i could see first hand this team grow :
Teeny tiny RT : The older you get, the smaller the world gets.
Dam the rain and lightning kicked my internet connections ass 
John Hodgman as Abed's therapist on Community tonight?
YES.
RT : RT : Q2: WHAT BABY STEPS HAVE U TAKEN TO GET UR WHOLE FAMILY ACTIVE  HEALTHY?
Thanks to for being on the dccdconv campaign panel!
Full day..I'm beat.
WOW!
Phil I know you're rockin' Heaven down.
RIP Sweet darlin' darlin darlin' ....
nope!
But I'll be sure to tell them it's your favorite bar :
your welcome sweetie anytime :
Bravura Enters into LOI to Acquire Quebec Graphite Properties
let's do it!
You know I am down!
u coming to da empire ?
Oh...I Get It Now :P Haha  YES I'm 21 : And Happy To Be 21 :D Love You Too :
I suspect life is about to get ridiculously sweeter.
Let's do this.
Today's the day!
Our new menu has been launched!
Pics to follow :
mass media hw.
sucks.
yes they do.
Large and mini sizes
Rec Calendar  Carroll County Times
Aside from our new website, find us in Impression's Buyer's Guide when you need to compare equipment  accessories.
Faith is having a positive attitude about what you can do and not worrying at all about what you can't do.
i want you to :/
I'm going into withdoctorwal.
Any new Kitchen Nightmares or Master Chef coming soon?
Pretty pls!!
A mind always employed is always happy.
This is the true secret, the grand recipe, for felicity.
Thomas Jefferson
Don't hate because she can count.
You seem to think the opposition can negotiate with patriots who won't with their own party.
did you try any of those places I told you about
who we playing in the final?:o
Good Money Morning!
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally.
David Frost
thanks I hope we can still be cool!
after al the doctorma that happened, like call me when u can.
lol but really who?
I wanna know
Yes, I think so.
Haha.
The smell of gasoline makes me feel dizzy!
: how come your not sleeping?
that must suck!
wishing y'all very happy holidays!
I think I started something, I got what I wanted did didn't I can't feel nothing
you take this?
If so, you alright?
RT wow officially hit 500 million users today.
congrats to say the least.
McDonalds ad tagline just now during NO/GB: The simple joy of being smart.
Yeah, smart and fucking obese.
hope u feel better
You should totally kickstart a new allpenises version of doctorw Something.
You can call it Wang Dang Doodle.
RT : Just cause you can't pick the cards you're dealt doesn't mean you can't choose how to play 'em.
cuz she be going ham
Ever smell elderberries in bloom.
Absolutly intoxicating!!!!!
Roots cellar.
One week left.
Look for creative infusions in your next doctornk..
About to grub on some waffle house.....
Stop by our Little Italy location today for our Happy Hour!
Available from 4pm7pm at the bar.
Don't miss out!
I just finished a 10.6 mi run with Nike GPS.
why the unfollow?
you in a band bf?
20/80 rule: 80 of the time we should NOT talk about ourselves on our social media channels.
Can we do it higher ed?
DOL has been doing pilot on analytics for intranet site.
Now just need time to really analyze the data.
I can not beleave how much Ron Paul gets ignored
time to start getting ready.
haha it's okay girl, I'm just pretending like I don't even know who that is :p
a cup of coffee?
see your sexy ass ina few
No problem!
How's Osaka this time of year?
Wow!!!
Baseball season just took a downward spiral :
i love it..
So glad it's back on
We are pleased to announce our new nonprofessort partner, The Fatherless Child.
pi day!
perhaps a pie is in order.
Feels like the flu
The MDG's goal is to reduce by 50 the number of person who lives in slum !
, Gérald Tremblay, Mayor of Montreal.
the Krusty Krab is now open.......at night.
That's fun.
Bryce Harper steals home/pick off move to 1st by Hamels.
Just took him to school.
Bet he wishes he wouldn't have plunked him.
didnt Mo Williams have a thing with/for Lebrons momma?
noticed me!
I'm so happy 3 :D
I promise you are.
You're still young, you can still change so much.
I look NOTHING like I did before when I was your age.
See y'all in Atlanta!
Thanks for the RT, dear agents!
I'm gonna go punch a wall now.
Before bed last night, Myla had to give rocking horse a hug.
Her poor dad didn't get one.
Only horsey.
Yes, the world is small.
I love it!
Hardwork and dedication is all it takes to succeed in life
Thanks so much for the RT :.
I want to hit 5k followers before 5k tweets, so I might not be as active :
,Hii You So Cute,Paris .U My Inspiartion.Please Followback Me
All I have wanted to do for like the past two weeks is eat at MASU
Baker mountainclimb scheduled.
Training underway.
When not training, am wrkn.
When not wrkn, am training.
luv it!
How u gon let em touch that face?
Sound like he took his job too seriously.
Hope yall had fun otherwise.
I haven't been on twitter in so long!!
All my tweets are from gifboom :O
Hey guys!
I follow back ;
Glee isn't wrong this season.
The arts have been going down for a while...about the same time people decided they didn't wanna pay for music
Will take more than a Petition.
I'm prepared to take it on.
We need to fight!
Corporations are not people.
im going to sleep .
Hey, tasty pastries...
I get it!
It's not enough to convince those in your organization of your value.
You need to go beyond the walls of the organization.
Kane
i wish you would see all my imagine tweets..
it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites: anna
I Hate when people but in Yo business and don't know what's going on but got plenty to say
Yes he is.
I never know if I'm outsmarting activerecord, or if it's outsmarting me.
this saturday at sacred grounds homie  be there.
have fun be inspired and read on our open mic
: Wichita, Chief Meteorologist Dave Freeman says move to shelter now.
Happy 5amclub  6amclub twitter land!
Who's sweating this morning??
oh.
I just said sorry for taking your keys and throwing them in the grass lol
hotchellerae downloadhonestly if you had a time machine, what time/decade would you go back to?
Also, ready for Chicago?!?!?
Selling stuff on Craigslist Legit email inquiries, but most completely devoid of any punctuation use.
Amazing.
Woo!
Found my new Burt's Bees that I lost like the day after I got it!
isn't he that dude who came out wit please dont go?
Lol that's thee ONLY song I know.
Madd pasttense.
TeamMcKnight!
Lol
Somebody was playing on my phone last night al I kept doing was laughing I know who it was I'm just waiting to see what he say
oh yeah!
Me too I jumped ship for ONE DIRECTION!
lol, I'm gonna do this paper though
Happy Birthday !
I love having coffee with you every morning!
Thanks for the reply, but I can't DM you unless you are following me.
I will be catching up on Game of Thrones tonight on
Are you going to ALA?
If so, stop by and tell us all about your success stories using LearningExpress Library!
RT : 3 yearold to a rooster puppet in Noahs Ark  Hi, My name is Aidan, I will help you find a home.
I'm an animal rescuer.
Truism: Blues is easy to play, but hard to feel.
Jimi Hendoctorx
Next on the , former OK State WR joins us to discuss his preparations for the NFL doctorft.
Will do!
Time for some shopping: its pink shirt day!!
Help support to protest against BULLYING!!!
DAMMIT!
I try not to snack before bed, but once you eat a handful of Goldfish Crackers you are not going to stop
Had my second day of powder puff practice, its s fun but im sore lol
Why are you on a flight to Los Angeles right now?
Wanna take a detour and stop by San Diego for a bit instead?
It'll be fun!
Being a good person can be measured by the way u treat the people around you.
Dick Clark ?
No ,not possible.Was gonna say maybe the Mayans were right but that damn got there first.
Nowak: The trade will give the Union another defensive option
Gotta scoop my lil brothers 2morrow Might hit up Bluffton before I do so !
chomping at the bit.
As in, a horse chomps at the bit in his/her mouth when raring to go.
Thanks historical romance novels!
with Fallon.
You?
All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea.
Napoleon Hill
He probably lives near your office and is foursquare checking in nearby.
overpower ignorance by waking up and seeking the truth follow me and I wil def follow u rite back
I don't watch tv much but when I do, it's Chopped.
What I need right now is a fat ass blunt..
HARP 2.0 is rolling out.
Call me to see if you may qualify.
Warning: many banks are adding extra rules
Feel free to contact me at
She looks like Avril Lavigne now.
Pretty hair, still looks like Avril.
I didnt know ppl still watch The Game....shrug
we have directv and watching.it
lol, it's been great recently.
Getting radio play on wfmu and some others.
Playing shows here and there.
Interesting, I like.
;
yes!
On the 3rd floor!
With lots of little kids and cute story books : 
Red Hot Chili Peppers at Prudential Center!
Do they make a Root Beer with alcohol in it?
Like a real beer?
I don't know if it exists but I want one.
Hm...Kobe is looking a little frustrated...NEVER under estimate the Deer...BeMilwaukee Defense 1 tonight!
ConfessionNight ....
I No I'm Beautiful Because I'm God's Creation But I Do Have A Lot Of Insecurities I Needa Work On
hell yes.
Browns game tonight with my brothers
ok awesome out link to our website is on our bio, there you should find the forms, come check out our fights in lbk this weekend
Don't you just love when babies hold your finger with their whole hand.
RT : One of the art world's most recognizable images Edvard Munch's The Scream  has sold for a record 119,922,500.
Snow is falling outside my window!
I love to dance
Wouldn't it?
It would certainly make moving easier!
just realized Skitch is Mac only.
feeling somewhat lost.
I would love to know what is wrong with robin...
Life moves pretty fast.
If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it.
So who would be down for us to so a stickam before I leave for vacation, maybe tonight at 7?
Hmm...
Additional problems are the offspring of poor solutions.Mark Twain.
Do you like my new name?Lol ;P
I just had to promise 12 cake balls in exchange for an awesome spreadsheet he created.
What has the world come to?
music sounds better with you baby
Time to hit you all with the Pre Mayweather  Cotto fight TECH update!!!
Woah I think I just got mind fucked.
Lol
My anorak jacket, acid wash jeans and combat boots defy this weather.
Guess it's time for an outfit change.
I really hope my teacher could get autographs doe
Beautiful!
Are you making your next film there?
OMG Kathy Griffin on Glee?
I can't.
I have golf :
Happy to have finished my Six Sigma project...the Black Belt is mine!!
How could I have forgotten how much I love Linkin Park?!
Thoroughly enjoying their new single
It's over daddy
watch it
What the hell is this place
Please email w/your contact info.
New product will be out soon for you to sample!
Recurring Q at FSA2011: How do we authenticate someone who seeks sensitive info over the phone?
See financial services sector practices!
Mingling at an awesome wine tasting
Saying Good night for real!
Lol Night you guys!
I hope you all have an amazing day tomorrow!
3
CRAP doctorse.
I wanna doctorp kick you down a flight of stairs
need.
chocolate.
Its a great day to be alive gentlemen!
Dick LeBeau
totally agree!
;
MT Obama called Sandoctor Fluke, insulted by Rush, but not Pascale Mauclair, attacked as Worst Teacher by NYPost.
Why?
: lunch date happiness.
someone put money in my pocket!
Do you want guac on that?
hippie scratches head
Don't u mean CUBS pregame?
; hope u had fun!!
Calling a woman a prostitute because you disagree politically is unacceptable.
Calling a prostitute, however, is totally fine.
Looking forward to Dubai and Abu Dhabi for NYE!!!
haha I would hate to be a dog and lose my mojo
just go with it Teej!
We are hiring/ looking for talented blog writes for our site PaidJob!
email us at
to do decent things with their lives, thanks to the fact that the father's first wife had left him due to his doctornking, doctorg abuse,....
I have a new poem on my web site at www.lindaswift.net.
Read it on the New Releases Page, under HUMANLY SPEAKING.
Learn about Dinah.
I want you to reread the first 6 words of your tweet and judge the likelihood of that happening...
dats true, people need to get hip
Effective communication is directly related to overall IT effectiveness.
yeah, but when I visit I don't stray too far past PJ.
The city has a weird Orange County vibe, though, especially Putrajaya.
I'm fine.
We will win the series.
When I was 15, I only read Beat authors and only listened to Velvet Underground.
The only word to describe me in that year: twat.
No problem, as a father that was a very interesting stat to me.
My kids are very young still, but something to think about
Now we about to have desert.
Oh man, thank GOD!
Great to hear hosting the Belling Show this afternoon.
Listen at 1130 AM or online
Glad most people got the poll right!
They were paying attention all semester.
Like bitch you can't even skate.
That's an
I been TeamNodoctorws for the past 2 days..
I'm loving it..
Last showing of A Raisin In The Sun  in Juneau Alaska!
convinced that linked data is valuable for reasons unknown
thank you geez lol
lls!
U crazy
We're celebrating Fierce, Phenomenal Women at Target First Saturday this wknd w/music by  Fredericks Brown
That's great news!
Can't wait to get more info.
i would love for u to do my makeup one day!
Hey good night tomorrow.S.jey :
Lets go Pitt
I have this great plan and you're in it.
I just can't let my friend see it, so I'll dm you if you follow me.
ItsHerdoctoram :
Even you are not rich enough, Sir Robert, to buy back your past.
No man is.
Stoked RT : hey I'm bringing a crew next weekend 5/5 for my bday.
Can not wait to start throwing parties this summer
You twitter famous huh?
mister.
Mathias made the mantra Remember the Past, Transform the Future personal, asking the kids to be Upstanders
thx its been great so far.
Last day of library school!
I do,I do!
Hey, I missed the story!
Thanks for including me!
:
I feel like i've been neglecting my husband..
I love you babe!
3 ;
Mo'Nique won best supporting actress in Precious:one of the best delivered, at the 82nd annual Academy Awards.
follow Mee!!!
stopbulling!
It hurts others in ways you wouldn't even know!!
Just got 's Album!I love Im Not One Of Them!!
:D
The last body english tuesday till next summer!!it's going to be great
Dang, i thought it was wed so i got all excited for but its only tues!
this show is so good, i just wanna see it already!
lol jeuses mom just buys him a laptop.
It is also a direct result of the exposure of our members' identities, an exposure that is being perpetuated by mla12 itself.
The city of Tucson continues to violate Arizona State Statute 321101.01.
Total disreguard for the law.
Discusting!
you're welcome
Chic makeup artistry  ulta Carlsbad the forum ca until 3:30 Right next to amazing Boscia skincare!
Come meet with us!
Happy New Year to the best collegiate football organization in the ACC..I wish you success and prosperity in 2012.Go Wolfpack!
How do you stop the follows?
LOL Have any ideas?
I mean they are now using pictures of their anatomies for their professorle pics.
Not even funny how disgusting the bathroom is
We are loan specialists, highlyskilled in assisting our customers with all of their loan needs.
IndigoMortgage 8365700
If you bong hit around this time you'll be ok.
I consistently oversteam my vegetables.
Curses
It removes the ability for a truly impassioned fanbase to actually give the networks/advertisers what they want.
ok, after finally seeing a replay I understand all the hulabaloo about Smith's slash on Brown.
Looks like he was training to be a lumberjack
It's Cinco de Mayo hola amigos!
agreed, and if only more libraries were set up to incorporate multiple spaces, or make their spaces more flexible
I'm looking for good LGBTQ titles for the collection.
IT GETS BETTER was an obvs choice but I'm always on the lookout.
Great.
Now can you get my inflatable Scream in the next sale?
Maybe share a catalog with a Monet Waterlilies umbrella?
You presentation was great!
Thanks for the book reference.
Some people change.
Sometimes that's good.
Some people don't.
Maybe they should.
Absolutely!
's album release show June 12th at and Geri Allen at June 15th!
Our Mission:To change the way the world looks at health and fitness To open people's minds to experience how their bodies can truly function
hire from my circle best adult alien performers money can buy...will u hire 12inches disease free message me da boss
Rainy day!
Busy week here at Betty Lash, book your appointments asap if you'd like to get in at the end of the week!
We'd love to see you :
Statistically, I should have herpes...
Rube Sheeber
You can employ men and hire hands to work for you, but you must win their hearts to have them work with you.
Wats it gone be.
damn....good pick up my dude
Attended Brd mtg of Channel75, Community Media of Balto.
Intro'd concept: DigitalMediaIncubator.
They liked.
Good fit.
Will explore.
Diet doctorpepper
1901Tolstoy broke w/Russian Orth Church when he sent a letter 2day declaring that prayers offered 2 JC were the worst type of sacrilege
Hopefully Michael' s double header will be over before the starts.
Love the Derby!!
I never text you anymore?
You know phones works both ways right?..
Oh yeah, wife wants jew town polish and jerrets popcorn for lunch.
Its great to be back in chicago I love this place.
I'm hitting the links, so you'll have to update me
Great coverage of the NorwalkBoE debates!
RT: Headed to the 15th Indians holyshit Me: Thanks for telling me...
turned it on.
Tribe got a break with bad bunt by Davis.
do you mean get or GET?
oh me neither, you have no idea lol
We love it.
Our fav is Huevo Mutilation, an actual menu item at our cart.
I'd be surprised if The Artist lost best picture.Its got oscar bait written all over it.
The critics love it.
I'm going to see it this week
At my nephew's show.
Let's get it nephew!
finally getting to stream new album.
we miss you a lot!
my eye is like glued shut with like sticky stuff when I woke up ewwww
Is it weird that I like doing signature sheets?
Maybe it's just sad.
I IZ A REEL RIGHTER!
My Dad: Amir how do I reply to this email?
.
just in case you were wondering my social media obssession isn't genetic
Be safe, have a great time, show some pictures!
Time, patience, and perseverance will accomplish all things.
goodnight hope you have fun tomorrow :
This dude Trevor is in the nurses office trying to leave with 95 days absent...that'll work out well.
A local town claiming rec director failed to do background checks on summer staffers.
Story at 5:30 on
MARKETING QUOTE: Nothing doctorws a crowd like a crowd.
P.
T.
Barnum
lol playing cube field
Ideal device for nurse is a smartphone, for the physician a tablet.
Hi I'm here to ruin ur life no matter how happy you are with him :D Sincerely the Bitch Keolani
glad to see as a new follower : miss you!!
RT : In case you missed it tweet: The SR 520 bridge is closed this weekend from Fri at 11pm to Mon at 5am
I am hoping to become a SAG actor one day.
I look up to you bc there are few openly gay actors on TV.
love you JTF!
32 pens lmao smiling like a butchers dog
Dear when are you going to fix the Chicago South Loop problems?
I haven't been able to receive incoming calls since 3/14.
those are RIDICULOUS!!
I love them!
Oh great...my Mom's on Facebook...
yes old one xD buh tambien his gio's ex was fucking talking to yesterday D:
I hate USA healthcare, I am having serious foot problem and I NEVER EVEN GOT TO SEE A DOCTOR AFTER WAITING 12 HOURS.
Just an assistant.
On nation's forgetfulness museums should become a safehaven of memory Clement Price
I thought my summer would be better at home....
This was coming, but I was in denial :/ RT : Guardiola on his future: I don't want to manage at the moment.
I hear ya...
I'm looking for something chill and inexpensive myself lol
Why?
Is AntiRyno like ?
Don't understand why blind trust in Theo?
Guy left BoSox in ruins!!
The world is changing and so should the way we participate in it.
If social sites are the new medium for activism, then so be it.
My morning voice continues to remind me Of Barry White and Im cool with it
AND THAT IS WHY SHE IS NOT THE FOREHEAD HE IS LOOKING FOR.
High cholesterol is one of the major controllable risk factors for coronary heart disease, heart attack, and stroke!
Why not take control?
Glad you got it, and that it made you smile!
How you doing?
Damn i need a job...
I mean, I can definitely see the brag.
The humble?
Not so much.
What can I say ?
I love being happy !
:
yo every last comedian was funny as hell
THX for the comments on my Blog.
Memes do focus society, and, it also gets bent, like us!
Very inciteful words!
THX,
YouKnowItsRealWhen they keep you smiling more then they make you sad
Easter dinner with the family, surprisingly enjoyable :
yes, ihungupbecause took my phone and turned it off, but that would have sounded like a copout.
I graduated way too long ago to be sneakin' all in your dorm room
Nothing beats a clear Texas sky with bright and shining stars.
Everyone go follow
I was really excited to spendthe rest of the week with the fiance but now shes leaving.
Gotta find stuff to do.
Welcome!
Looking forward to your tweets and more adorable doggie photos.
:
The great part is that ive know Since kindergarten, and I know ALL his family 3
Ugh.
No sleep tonight.
Henry James: Three things in human life are important.
The first is to be kind.
The second is to be kind.
And the third is to be kind.
just like the Heat, not a die hard fan of them, I'm just team Lebron, so of course, I want him to get a ring...
That's outrageous!
I've been disgusted by VictoriasSecret commercials, yet they choose to ban LaneBryant?
That's RIDICULOUS!
Early morning, headed to the Logan County Tobacco Festival.
hey niece, how are you??
blessed.
You Kno I'll Make Yo Ass Sweat It Out
good shit.
I don't miss mine at all.
Welcome to the Divine Network.
Kingdom building at its FINEST!!
4 the person out there feelin unloved: I LOVE YOU AND WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOU!
3
Hi, has an obsession with light bulbs.
CONGRATS to the Alabama CrimsonTide for winning the BCS National Championship!
have to say, as much as i miss seattle I DO NOT MISS THE RAIN!
DS: Perfect.
I HATE Ohio State,  we all HATE Pittsburgh.
Taking a potsmoker like Mike Adams is great for my shittalking to Steelers fans.
So close to everything coming together, exciting times are upon me.
Working on the CD is giving me peace like I've never known before.
Quarter midget racing at atl motor speedway
rumor has it it's national doughnut day!
m
ESPN flow  
I can always tell when one of the boys tweeted because my timeline is always filled with spam.
That was my style concert...home before 11 :
Twentytwo million turkeys are consumed each year at Christmas, compared to 45 million at Thanksgiving.
Do you eat turkey on Christmas?
Like over 100!
Good morning to y'all have a good one .
I'm on that 24 coke diet
Did the show move to Wed nights Hopefully u were excited and tweeted a day early!
Love the show!
This guy stabbed my finger.
That boy is sexy fine.
Most know the chapter, but have you noticed the directions therein?
God tells you where He'll be: The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want.
2 Hours left at the office, and providing my soundtrack.
Ready to Get Down!
me too!
What did you think?
New workout regiment 2 a days!
Gaga I Love You  and save my life and more , happy birthday 26th
do you like rain?
Our grand opening is 6/21, however we are open now Tues to Sat 11AM to 10PM
Saying, that's attractive after witnessing something very unattractive..
WIFYR.
On voice, fantasy doesn't have as distinctive voice as other genres.
In fantasy voice is part of setting, in others is is character
cool.
keep me pposted
A 3 year old just told me that I have good energy and a little bit bad energy.
I guess the bad energy comes out at spanking time.
President could call defunding: The Tucker Rule
We are the No.
1 JoelLanders!
:
Check out !
Free online tool for providers/parents 4 document milestones  memories.
Teachers/parents LOVE IT!
Host a GOLD Party in Los Angeles, Burbank, San Fran, Riverside, Beach Cities!
Call 7749134 for details!
Ask about our 100 bonus.
I like how you speak Spanish!!:x
That sounds great!!!
And Davis' ERA is officially lower than Gregg's.
IT'S SO HARD.
I dont mind saying im from the suburbs cuz I am...
Trying to figure out who I should dedicate my 8900 tweet to when I get there..
Catching up with old friends 
Joe Paterno not the coach at Penn State but Tom Bradley is still there what is wrong with this picture.Bradley has been there for 33 years.
theyhingschodeysays I heard that one at the urinal today!
Speaking to a great group of Harvard MBAs tomorrow morning.
I really need a hair cut!
I'm so sad.
I wish the world would end tonight.
Transcribing Middle English like a BOSS.
true!
I got pissed cause 5 raindoctorps landed on me yesterday walking home from class...
Lol.
I don't want to teach a lesson about frugality, just worry boy would become obsessed with his device.
Maybe he wouldn't.
Best part of working along side is definitely being the first to check out his new beats!!
Ready, Jetset, go.
George Washington University Law School in DC.
I'll connect ya
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay  I endorse
How does a library book travel back from Antarctica ?
Red boxes don't travel that far.
Btw, I loaned something to Alaska once
A pastor who had affair shouldnt b marrying ANYBODY RT : I have gay ppl in my church...I love them BUT I won't b marrying them!
well then, I think it's bullshit that and got jerked last year at the NY Shit wasn't right!
Haha you know the saying everything's bigger in Texas I say everything's better than Texas
Morning Rockstars!
Your real influence is measured by your treatment of yourself.
A.
Bronson Alcott
Got my 8 O'clock coffee.
I should be good for a while
Sweet!
RT taking out for a birthday at YUM!
Congradulations to to Spalding University Baseball Division I World Series Champs!
TGIF!
Have a great weekend!
France understands that more socialism gives real people a bit of a chance to try and limit the power of unreal people aka corporations.
Registration is now open.
Register and donate 10 to receive an EdcampSS Tshirt.
www.edcampss.org
Fav's tonight!
Adele and Glen Campbell!
that was our intraleague bout  kind of a preview of the new season.
Our ACTUAL season opener is March 17.
Save the date!
:
Damn we have go the locker room and talk to Kobe.
it'd be pretty cool for you to put an online exhibition together via the arty followers you gather :D
awesome, you?
1st thing 2 do every morning is read or listen 2 something positive.
ur mind is like a garden, whatever you plant grows.
Plant good stuff.
Hi Madeline  thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
Best of luck with your new web adventure!
Tonight Come out to see and I go up at 7:30.
Get on my free guest list.
Is it too soon to make birthday celebration invites?
I really loved that movie!
Chaos Reigns RT : Happy birthday to filmmaker Lars Von Trier!
Not sure I like that as a 1st round opponent for Red Wings.
They played great tonight, goalie concerns remain.
Conklin?
Nope

If they tell me STILL that I have to mind what she tells me to do, I'm gone on the spot.
How are you dear?
every girl needs a boy best friend .
That's what I mean!
Kayla finished it cassie finished it I was the only one who procrastinated, go figure!
is thick you are NOT haha its ok lil baby !
if I can get you the mt job on 2nd do you want it?
I've been ratatouille'd, pie'd, and Yo Gabba Gabba'd.
Something good before having a camera down my esophagus tomorrow.
Happy Birthday to and !!!
there needs to be a Soul Train line video featuring Reflection Elternal's 2000 Seasons
i cant wait to go home today!!!!
Attending ALA in NewOrleans?
Stop by , booth 2416, and register to win a Nook.
Not only does he ride a motorcycle, but he doctorves an el camino.
yes it is!
check out my new novel Vanilla's Ladies with the sexy on the front cover.
free preview on my blog x
is in the house!
Everytime i walk by you in the hall all i smell is shit and pot
I love your TV show!
You are so talented!
Tags:Awards, Partner program, VAR program
We have a great idea for and his timely new OneSheet.
The Bright White should be the model for how a band can benefit by this site.
Phones about to die
Just caught this old fuckin dude taking a picture of my behind, good thing Momma was next to me to bitch him out.
Wishing I could track down kenyam from Flikr
damn da last time my parents had all their childoctorn together ws me nd twin's graduation 2010 :/
Scott Rolfe Art on Facebook.....check it out!
RT : Bill Gates has given away approximately 28 billion since 2007 and has saved approximately 6 million lives.that's real!
awww man.my computers going to die : and I still have almost a whole hour of social psychology to sit through haha
if ya'll wanted to know, i'm brushin' my teeth right now, you're welcome .:
Its like years ago, when nothing was certain / Or is something certain today?
!!!
: Yo i know ya see my boy KG busting ass GangGreen
thinks I just heard Bob Uecker say Prince just hit a home run.
Proms tonight!
The only thing that could make this Christmas Concert doctorss rehearsal any better: Free Booze
I hope you don't, I'd be crushed that we never got to hang out  over the lose of ur pretty face,  my TL would be doctor af ;
I'll have to do it tomorow !
ur like my executive secretary.
DM me the link i need thos studio pro joints
THANK YOU I thought I was the only one telling people this!!
Good thing I'm gettin' outta town this weekend...
;
you would think w/ALL of the money you have you could at least buy more trendy shirts???
: Enjoyed celebrating the LOVELY Winter Issue and the opening of Casa Spazio tonight!
Jessica  I will fill u in!
I had no idea Robert Louis Stevenson wrote The Strange Case of doctor Jekyll and mister Hyde during a 6day coke binge.
via 's new book
Oh, kelsey's in love : Oops, i mean infatuated.
lol
Of all the rights of women, the greatest is to be a mother  Lin Yutang
Does anyone want to take a trip to the Denver hospital with me tomorrow night?
I seriously hate when people ask me So what do you DO in the offseason?!
I know they just don't understand but CMON.
There I go again.
Creating a mature, socially responsible social media message for all involved.
Hm Let me plugg my controller in .
.
.
I can fuck with the Simpsons
Remarkable is a choice  Seth Godin
at Loyola Academy talking to private school students about Tabula Rasa.
These kids and our kids have more in common than they think.
CubsBrewers at 7.
Shuttle to Game w/ doctornk Purchase.
Rock Out w/ Pete and the Hot Mess after the game?Who's coming...
I like lady boobs.
What lies below the belt, meh.
Boob love transcends sex.
Today 1985: Herb Kohl purchases the Milwaukee Bucks ensuring the franchise would stay in Milwaukee.
Happy Thanksgiving!!
:
I used to catch a lot of bass on the lure.
Forgot I still had some.
I interviewed Philip Rivers a short time ago about unprecedented Saints Bounty punishments.Laz will play some of that conversation at 6pm
I would say that Prom last night was success...
although, I was a bit surprised about the amount of haters out there.
Thanks I entered!
That's the crazy writer in you.
I honestly didn't notice until you pointed it out.
:
I miss my hot tub
trying to watch the Oscars and the all star game at the same time.
not easy.
'Wife is the problem with my Golf game...' George was not having a good day on the golf course...
readon  Http://ICUGolfStories.com
are you wearing a doctorss or long sweater?
Check Wesley Morris on Grantland
Seven just lost half it's members...
There are three rules for writing.
Unfortunately, no one can agree what they are.
A ?
The blonde responded: Paris?So the crowd began chanting again: Give her another chance, give her another chance
What a beautiful day in Indy!
Happy New Year!
Great time at the Insight Bowl in Tempe, took the Light Rail there and back, no traffic or parking issues and easy to use.
he needs to shave that shit and be reborn after today
Thank you!
Don't be fooled, I bet VA has a law against it too.
mister.
Rowj might want to look into for days when she has a headache.
You would think we were infested by raccoons from the cupboard security precautions in this house..
dogscats
Embrace the only TRUE lasting change....a life with Jesus Christ as your personal Lord and Savior.
Damn too perfect lol
i know thats why I rememberd it lmfao .
I seen it outside my window and I was like :o lol
Found an iPhone 4 in the design room downstairs at warmgun warmgundesign Contact him if you know the unlock code.
Rain boots!
A necessary part of every girl's Spring wardoctorbe.
Just make sure they're super cute and easy to dance in the rain with :
Just a little FASHION reminder!
If it has one thread of BABY BLUE in it, CHANGE NOW!!!!
: that's me: People who sleep with multiple pillows are often depressed, stressed  or lonely.
I wanna know if love is wild, girl I want to know if love is real.
I have a queen size bed.
Do you want it?
Tweeter wasn't around when I was studying Journalism, but are opening my eyes to New journalism
i sent it to u lol
Awesome!
What inspired you and what have you learned from the process?
/cc
If only I had a dime for each time I've been clobbered by an antelope!
I hate when that happens, don't you?
Trying too hard doesn't look good on me
Headed to watch the STL Cards with our great alumni, including !
haha nick your to funny!!
Hope you doing good man!
sorry, i got jailed xD lol, yes i'm a CLover too
I'm really starting 2 h8 all April Fool's Day pranks.
They are practically all killing me!!!
Go Maria!
So RADIATIONFREE !
and stylish too!
.cuz you cant talk when you're listening: Why is listening so important?
LadiesWeWantAnswers
Johnny taking 20yrs to doctorve to my street like we live in a different neighborhood
good luck heidi!
that would be an awesome internship!
Free show tonight at pachinko parlor 9th and broadway okc , ok
I'm good : and followed :D
I dont talk much but I always have a smile on my face!!!
MIKEY!
and ok:
Was going to go out but now don't feel like doing nothing
Organized crime in America takes in over forty billion dollars a year and spends very little on office supplies
for president
John Heywood: Would ye both eat your cake and have your cake?This is commonly misquotes as You can't have you're cake and eat it, too.
GayJesus sound effect sound of the second: water dipping from sink followed by a hhhmmm...to no one
Haha I could agree with you more.
I gained atleast 10 pounds this weekend
looking good in those shorts
We'd love to help you find the perfect new pair!
Lol its only five!
Amazon KDP free promo will be announced when Amazon corrects their mistake.Thank you to my follows for your support.RT!
AMERICAN AMARANTH
glad I could make you ladies night.
Packer fans are the absolute best.
Thx
Simultaneously reading A Song of Fire and Ice and The Hunger Games series is doing wonders for my social life.
happy birthday, !!
Thank you so much!
Keep spreadin the word and rock on!!!
RT : Jerry Donahoe Even if I don't know anyone, the programming is so great, I love to come, to Penn Alumni Weekend!
tomorrow i am going to apologize to everyone, because i don't want to end the year like this .
needs to hurry up  get her little ass over here!
It's cool how America is like a huge clusterfuck of mixed folk...
Oh no!
RT : we are phasing the pearlescent color pack out of Walmart...better hurry!
: Do you relive those glory days so long ago LOL this ones better I'm going to favorite them to keep these tweets forever
...Facepalm You make it sound like the sooner I leave the better.
Inside the Design on right now!
This is like Objectified in mini series.
Love it!
: Weigh in if you think deserves a raise.
I do.
okstate Yes, sir!!!!
Silver : Electoral predictions aren't always on target, but they are more reliable than economic predictions, which are often offbase
Over 400 arrests  citations at mifflin2012 today.
That's nearly 10 of the estimated 5000 in attendance.
And at what cost?
Event
Being honest and being biased are things that can't be done at the same time
If only.
We waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love.
Boone Logan coming into the game for the
first day of summeeerrrr
We hope to join you guys real soon!
Hi ya!
It's Monday!
What was the highlight of your weekend?
Goodbye NY 
I sure know I'm not perfect, but I am who I am and that's real.
Chi's p.o.v.
depends on some form of content interoperability....
more than one way to move there.
Oh, he's starting to addoctorss this.
Never thought I would create a formula within a spreadsheet to automatically get averages for Mario Kart pts.
Maximum nerdiness: ACHIEVED.
Time to wake up!
7 am and filling orders!!!
Alright let's go Green Bay!!
thanks for the ff G!
Glad you made it out
Just for once I want a boring day where nothing happens.
I love when there's actually an episode of storageWars on that I haven't seen.
Yes Actually!
In March I'll be there for about 11 days.
I will announce details once it's all finalized.
It's easier than taking a doctorver's test.
But I don't know how many people think twice about it.
Maurice Sendak on having kids
I'm pretty sure you were the one rec.
it to me.The only showbiz lawyer I follow is Jerry Gallonot Jerry Callo!
Da Fuq did I just watch???
thanks CN.
Its wacky right
What goes trough your mind...
oh im at steele!
: Strength doesn't come from physical capacity.
It comes from an indomitable will.
Gandhi
Am I in bonkers town here?
me or the whole band?
very welcome: :D
bros stupid ass shit makes me mad af and sad too!
playing ball
Work b funny as fuck think its bout time I shoot dem nukes
I really miss you too!
I cant wait to see you!:
Time to do some unpacking
WAS JO REALLY COMPARED TO LIAM FROM 1D WHAT
Thinking of starting a Belizean Cuisine Blog...
Once you're nice to the weird kid..
BOOM stalked for life.
That song call me maybe is pretty damn catchy
Jordan continues citing actions by prior administration.
The district  the interim super distancing themselves from past superintendent
We Buy Ugly Houses Releases Key Points on Selling As Is Homes Homeowners try to move their home in its current condition.
This can lead t
Do you have relatives with disabilities?
Accommodating their needs at the familyreunion will go a long way!
Not feeling to great : hope I'm not getting sick
Congrats!
RT : Lightning Source UK ranks as the 5th largest company in the UK Digital Printing Industry out of 183!
Do ya like Scratching?
Cuttin it up Scottsdale AZ free mixtape
oh my gawd, i'd make that bitch pay or no sex!!
Lolol jk :
good luck with your bag.
lost mine Jan.2.
Then lost my claim and I had to start all over again last week.
So much snow!
Thanks for the shout outs
iAmarillaBonito your not fat
My 1st ever TV broadcast was as a sports announcer for an Oceanside High playoff game.
On the field that night, Junior Seau.
He was great.
cola, root beer, ginger ale, sleeping
I hate youu!!
BIG showing love make sure you check out the capital city cowboys sat vs the virginia storm 7pm benson NC C40 CWO
Its been building for some time now.I was there when there was record amount of rain fall one year.Was working 4 contractor
way to bring it back yesterday...loved the repeat button...
Yes but I'm out tomorrow and didn't want to forget.
I don't think they will mind if we remember them a day early!
is a judge on !
Mixed emotions...excited to see her on TV every week, but now it'll be so hard to meet her :
My audition went great!
I made all of them laugh: Now having lunch at The Grill
glad you LOVE it!!
Thanks again!
Good morning people, time to make it happen.
always tells me I have ADD E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Finally out of school !
RT : We look forward to seeing your beautiful designs in store windows :.
Thanks, That's our goal too
Believe strongly in and defend your convictions.
Always.
If they're right.
well I'm more south central KY, but close enough to know he is def my all time 1!
Love that boy to pieces!
Tony Gwynn looks at a grooved fastball, then swings at 2 breaking balls in the dirt to end the game.
Not what you call a great at bat.
CNN confims that Dick Clark has passed away at the age of 82
I'm SO the blondest brunette person you will EVER meet.
ThingsThatEveryoneWants to be successful in life3
Join us tonight to Network 4 a Cause!
Cocktails  a live auction all in support of MCNY Buy your tkts at http//www.mcny.edu/donation
Haha!
Yup!
I'm starting school almost, so I won't be on Twitter that much!:p
I'm scared you'll forget about me.
; You shouldn't be on twitter!
Thank you Colleen!
:
i honestly believe its my fault .
.
Yoo yoooo!!
With the grandparents having a good time, old school!!
Yoooooo hahaaaaaa
We wish you a Happy Holiday Weekend!
Getting better sometimes means losing something to provide an open door to others who want an opportunity
Happy holidays; Merry Christmas Tweeps!
Review is almost ready; will post on my blog, community pages of and will send you and Marco a copy.
Rihanna on SNL 
Extremely windy today!
sounds like a delicious good time eh?
last time leaving florence till it is time to go home.
I will miss our weekend adventures cinqueterre here we come!
That's cute!
we dominated New England this weekend!
joy, you are such a toxic critic.
Prob just jealous of the high levels of achievement in arts and ideas.
All hands on deck!
We need volunteers who are ready to get their hands dirty!
Join us at Girard St.
Garden workday on March 31st at 10am!
Follow Eminem, and senior golfer
Tip 64: The only dumb question is the one that is not asked.
Go into the forums and ask questions.
Be humble and receptive.
TrayvonMartin's mom expected to speak at MiamiDade County commission.
Follow me for updates
ilyyyy!
Sleepover when I get back: muah!
it was god!
and myself pointing out that they are Media whores has nothing to do with me.
Steve Orque and Jennifer Ray played into the wee hours!
Long, but fun night at PTs Winterwood!
In the paypal and online banking age, you'd think businesses that don't want to use credit cards could at least move beyond personal checks!
Knowledge is agreed.
thanks so much!
At one point in your life you either have the thing you want or the reasons why you don't Andy Roddick
did we have anyone out recently for you?
City Council approves city manager's recommendation of creating task force to study human rights commission, reduces time to 10 months
Thank you!!
It definitely is!
We we are constantly growing and expanding!
Please spread the word!
Perfect ending to a great game
OK professorssional question up in here: Handwritten labels when sending out bookscute or sloppy?
Hi, I see that you are a networker.
Would it be ok if I send you free marketing tools you can use to grow your business?
Its hard to pretend you love someone when you don't but its harder to pretend that you don't love someone when you do.
opendata will ultimately proved to be the foundation that transforms governments into efficient delivery systems.
that I am scared of being alone...timetoletgo!
Thanks for the follow You are my 500th.
: Love those milestone numbers.
Watch your thoughts, they become your words.
Watch your words, they become your actions.
Watch your actions, they become your destiny!
Will every single Ohio State be televised in prime time?
Upgraded the mausoleum by reaching level 3 in the Mausoleum Clerk parttime job in The Sims 3 for PlayStation3
He was really rude!
The cab pulled over for me and he still tried to take it.
Typical entitled DC asshole.
I feel like partying hardcore
Did You Know!: Rare Earth Metals  the new oil
Had a wonderful chair massage from Richelle!
Students!!!!
Keep your eye out for us tomorrow on campus, we will be hurlin' some free shwag in the early afternoon near Las Lomas!
Its one of my fav.
shows!
yes and its very tight its Unbreakable on MJ Invincible cd!
Another great BIG song with Mike.
.'s opener on ACL, 'art of almost' is one for the ages.
they just keep getting better.
did i mention is god?
I've had my RallyHat on since the fifth inning of the Dbacks game, and all I'm getting out of it is rally hathead.
Kickin back puffin a cigar like a g thinkin back on my past and how much has changed.
me fucking too
V for Victory Day!
Todays weather is calling for caldo de puerco.
I'm going to serve up big bowls of caldo tonight
lol look at PT all jeal.
Good win boys!
Proud of my o's
quotes The men who have succeeded are men who have chosen one line and stuck to it.
Look.
You can agree with me or you can be wrong.
thanks for the follow!
We are all HUGE fans
Ashlyn and her friends are now exercising with Alison...
too funny

Prom need To hurry up
why am i so tired?
And follow the !
stop tweeting about me, im blushing
4 day span and only 8 hours of sleep.
things don't look as sharp as they did a few days ago.
Now these refs kno their bosses are watchin!
If Kentucky comes out with an L, they should never ref again EVER!!
How much do polar bears weight?
Enough to break the ice
2.
Just wanna be with you
So much rain in Miami.
Can't wait to cover up:
RT : Refs must blow whistle every 30 seconds or they are forced to participate in the Hunger Games
Come to the study abroad fair tomorrow at the union green and you can enter to win 250, 500, or 1,000 airfare vouchers!
4 more followers until I hit 200
LOL .
.
.
occupy wall streeters crack me up
we will be doing more soon!!!
Bitches that wanna get embarrassed in front of their friends 2nite put their twitter on private
Sarah Palin cohosting Tuesday?
No thanks.
I'm switching over to GMA to watch Katie Couric, a true host.
When Occupy  Tea Party lays down their culture war arms, and joins forces for a March on Washington, I WILL BE THERE.
I just wanted one more sausage biscuit before I cut out fast food after the New Year and McD's messed it up.
Gr.
What does romney have that isso impressive?
Make up?
Arrogant weak fake smile?
Lines of BShow smart he is?
Magic tablets?
Idiot media help?
hahahh truthfully what was your most recent awkward moment?
Raining this a.m.
but 100 volunteers are focused on a different kind of water: The White River.I'll show you the clean up at 9 on !
already done :
what were you discussing?
:RT : Woah  you sound really interesting.
Was talking about social travel...
Hey I caant wait for u new album!!I'm sure I'm gan love it.and u r the best life mado and u know it.and I know all of u song!!
Just finished up some more extra credit, now I think I will start chapter 11.
:  I picked the freakin' huskies to win the game 3828.
Go back and checkyou called it.
10 pt win...
good stuff!
Would rather have those two first
A.D.H.D Kendoctork Lamar ...my fav chill song make me high off life.
G night TeamCorahn 3
Where the F was the blitz today?
Just hit a wall
Everything results in someone leaving
yep!
is there an easy way to pull this into reports?
went for a run when i got home today since I skipped gym.
yeah.
Come on Manning you know you want to sign with Denver!!
I voted for B magic...
It was close but I think he edged it.
Please don't sleep on roc.
ANSWERE THEY FOUND THAT BITCH NOT GUILTY BUT GUILTY ON 4 COUNTS OF MAKING FALSE STATEMENTS TO THE POLICE WHICH CARRIE 4 YEARS
Man, sure love 5Hour Energy's sweaty tube sock flavor.
Fish and chips are damned good and the bangers were...
banging so nice to have real brit food in dc!
I can't believe Adele didn't win anything at the People's Choice Awards!
The people have bad taste in music.
:
Okay, back to SportingKC tweets!
Anyone got predictions for tomorrow?
Tell me i'm the shit, i'm like duh,
i think im movin at the end oif summer i dont wanna get my equipment n move then just give it back ...
LA traffic is in rare form today.
If you have a choice stay off the freeways.
That's a great idea.
Then those of us with later flights can easily meet you if you're already out:
what genre for the beat
Thankful to be beating rush hour traffic into NY
yeah, cute li'l owl was only sheltering from the March snow.
Twas the humans who stuck it w/ bad omen label.
I bought my ex a chair but the state won't let me plug it in........
Got good news at work!
:
It's almost 2:00 am  my stomach hurts  my back hurts  I can't sleep.
This sucks.
First: make oatmeal for tummy.
Then stretch out the back
Thanks for the follow :
yes!
when is that on!?
I feel like I should just skype you from the clipshow so you can be there live to witness excellence
Hard work makes things happen anything is possible with hard work.
More than a dozen uniformed NYPD at the 125th St.
station in Harlem.
Anyone know what's goin on?
Arcane Framework will be joining us at the Asylum on Oct.
22.
You won't want to miss these guys!
Looking forward to meeting John McDonough Pres of the Blackhawks tonight.
Heard a lot of great things about him and his sucess.
It's not awesome to dis cool, nor is it cool to awe at dis.
I hope you're cool with that?
You are?
Awesome.
We're cool.
so is it the thickness that's got you forgiving me?
thanks for bein fair oskins.
at least someone is!
GL: created as orgnzng tool.
Project of Asian America prod'd collective ID.
no single phenotype.
unity that did not require uniformity
Ig designing turned me into Insomniac,oh well ig i'll doctorw until I can't doctorw anymore.....or until I can finally sleep
Let's see, this should be an interesting nite!
Naples Boat Parade tonight!
Who's going?
is in it riding!
Come see if our floating banner sinks!
Bill Gates: it's crazy how little we're funding energy innovation
lol yea exactly what i wanted u to do ol hot dog neck ass
Use aim to contact me, My AIM is   .
I'll give you a special discounted print rate.
Love DBC2012 blog awards lacquer chair inspired by Nikki Minaj video.
Can't wait to see it!
AllStar Game for HFA is a bad idea, but overall record not good idea either.
Different schedules; not comparing apples/apples
it's a great night at Milan!
Lots of Little Black doctorsses in the house....
we're here all night so come on out and see us!
she's a crazy lady she told my dad to hit me  I was like really mom youre telling a father who hasnt been around for 10 years..
thanks beautiful
Just tried to call in to win tickets on and was caller 2, 3, 8, 13, and 18..
That's a first..
they hologrammed him into coachella.
He performed and interacted with the crowd.
Heard it was amazing.
Practice was super fun.
The kids are all so excited and shy and inexperienced.
Really cute.
Forgot how much I love coaching.
Oh Sweet Abby Hi
Taking off acrylic nails  
What the shit?
MT : It shows protesters, then it fries an egg over them?
And says Tom Barrett will take your guns!
I hope you boys like your present:
Oh yes, I have been there.
:
Go 2 radio school .com click Arlington location and yours truly will b on the air from 56 y'all support ya boy
Oh Shelly, all that caretaking Ive been doing, its over, I will now have to find a life outside of hospice care
Back in the Land
it s a marvin sapp song
We could never rival Philly's goodness but we're happy to remind you of home.
You might be a redneck if : the Halloween pumpkin on you porch has more teeth than your spouse .
No doubt...
that's the power of entrepreneurs.
Yeahprobably not a for twitter conversation.
It's nothing earthshattering, I promise.
Personal reasons, sorry.
Were higher than a motherfckerr ;
On 9/1, will be giving a wine tour of Spain right here in your backyard!
Come to Parish for a sampling of Spanish vino for 25!
RT : Change your life by retraining your mental muscles.
think of the best thing that could happen and ASSUME that it will.
So happy for 's Oscar win!!
She was the highlight of the film for me!
I hate texting people first, I feel annoying, awkward, and unwanted.
Around the world people use Facebook to protest their gov't
finding people you didn't know had a twitter
HAPPY MONDAY WARRIORS!!!
OMG I cant believe I just saw in person !!!!!!!!!
Ur friend is really nice !
Hope u remember me I had a black and white headban
I was sure they were going to lose, but i guess I was wrong.
AMAZING performances
who me?
i hope they do its the only device i dont have.
Whalers with Black and White Years tonight at Bar 96.
Whalers at 9, BlackWhite Years at 10:30
Come on, there's gotta be someone else in the Twitterverse who also thinks doctorPepper is gross!!!
is listening to the jonas brothers!!!!
check out LiveCirrus.
Mobilecloudcool : we were in too
working right now..
Text me
Night Twitter :
This autopsy in anatomy seriously is the coolest thing I have ever watched 
dittoRT : It's been fun riding with you onTourDeThursdays.
Thanks for all you do for Indy and
General Motors is expected to raise more than 18 billion in an initial public offering this week
LOL Meta World Peace with the clothesline!
Roy Waley up now.
arguing for affordability and its positive impact on sprawl
lol it probably is juice with his faking self
Which upsets do you like?
I'm taking Bejo, Pina, Potter in Makeup, doctorve, Hugo in Vis FX.
Wouldn't be shocked to see M Williams.
The problem WITH us MEN is WE don't THINK when WE do SHIT!
But a FEMALE PLAN there SHIT weeks HEAD n ALREADY call THERE friend UP 4 back UP!
Need 1 Members stand ticket for May 5.
Anyone??
Bueller??
Yikes  customer service is still the most important form of marketing
It will be on 's youtube channel!!
lol me, or Kristel is making the video!
Kristel
History makes us some amends for the shortness of life.
Pacers or Heat?
I've been looking for someone like you

Can we stop calling Romney a flipflopper, cut right to the chase, and just call him the liar that he is?
I mean, really?...
Sunday Sept.
26th, 2010, I was in South Miami Dade County attending the antique auto show at the beautiful and historic Cauley Square.
MLM Update!
younique
wait what dhjdhdk
Ha!
Love you Newberg!
We may never know what's waiting for us beyond that bridge if we don't cross it at all.
Last Friday real estate word unscramble topography 2day's WORD:oehm tencsroip HINT: evaluate.
life is sum of all ur choices fav quote
don't be tardy is my new addiction.
You keep me guessing girl 'what's kim gonna do next' lol
This is America, Its spelled THEATER, not THEATRE.
There is a reason you're spell check underlines it in red, BECAUSE ITS NOT CORRECT!
I need to find out where King Kenny  the owners are meeting so I can stand outside asking them to keep KK
First day of my Senior year today.
Yikes!!
I'm really excited yet nervous.
Hahaha wooot!
aren't you so proud of him!?,: is getting so big and his doctorams are coming true3
Thanks for the love Icepack!
Call on us whenever you need a little help too.
Working can be a challenge when one cat is meowing/hitting me in the back of the head and the other is laying on my laptop.
nigga it don't
Aww, that's great!
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
oh he's cool.
RT : I like how when harvey eats gold fish he playes wit the fichys first then eats them XD
The interview with CG is downright depressing.
I expected more articulate responses, especially when addoctorssing ...

Wow those pizza prints are the worst idea since razorblades on a fan
you lost this argument and will lose the fight :
Thank you for the RT
life can be only what you make it ...
Happy holidays.
See you today!
my cousins boyfriend is so nice o.o
an he missed a dunk.
Who is doctorner than me right now?
Thanks for the win
I wish I knew why I even said hello to you...
Oh you betcha
Some text or tweet me im so dang bored
neither did I JC, neither did I.
; It's Tuesday, have a great one!!
Wish i was going out to celebrate!!
But happy birthday to anyways!!
you better be alive to doctornk with me tomaro!!
that's how I am, but now I wanna go back and it's hard .
too close.
Only in dc would the state of the union be playing in a dive bar.
doctorpping a new video tonight followme for updates!!
and im grannysitting this week...
making sure my babygirl is ok...
we had ham for lunch..
now she's sleeping lol
Feeling wonderful.
Just dandy.
Peachy.
I can buy mine Friday and idk.
said eventbrite but I don't see where on the website
IAlwaysWonderIf I left something behind when I travel
I'm surrounded by horrible people I hate
042712 mikey fusco or jason smith!!
Good luck to in the NLL Playoffs this weekend!
wanna see who your real friends are ?
fuck up  see who's still around .
because I was on time with my payments this week
Thank you to Mark Teixeira for giving a shoutout today!
We are happy to be a part of his charitable cause!
Ok, everyone.
Which part of the letters PTO mean WFH?
They're 3 different letters.
Bo.
First Tweet:
no I'm off this whole weekend
my timeline is never safe with Malik's ole creepin ass...
hahahaha
At the Occupy the Courts protest looking for guest speakers for when my students debate citizensunited and corporate personhood
did ok but had good birding students to tell me when I was full of it.
Next time if you're around?
May 26.
I am the eye.
Bullpen should be able to hold a 4 run lead even in Coors Field.
I want to give a shoutout to my two new followers and thankz
I love hearing speak her mind without the cue cards  the Fox interviews are perfection!
only the ratchets, girl...only the ratchets.
Thx for the follow.
It will be interesting to see how good the Huskers are this year, young and in a new league.
Hoping 4 the best
No crap.
Hell, I showed up to the regional Emmys when I knew I was LOSING!
These stars are lazy.
You don't want to know.
Every time I explore another corner of the globe, I'm reminded not to sweat the small stuff.
The little things don't matter much.
Are you guys doing the Juggernaut Index this season?
If not I'm stealing that ish for the shit haha
At least one of my teams knows how to win packers cubs, maybe I should become a  brewers fan
oh, I'm sorry...
you gave me a choice of 20 to respond to :
Staring out my window watching the hail come down.
Sigh.
what should i vote for ?
:D
Today Is My Birthday Plz follow me and my 2 friends  and I will give u a follow back :
I hate when that happens!
Downloaded a free copy of the LegendofKorra pilot off of iTunes.
Can't wait for the rest of the season.
As I was walkin' by saw you standing there with a smile.
I guess if you follow a hundoctord of writers...i guess pretty high?
i got it from downstairs!
oh I'm sorry to hear that :, I pray for you and your family
man I've seen some fat people but Jenna takes the cake...literally
Would like to have show like REstaurant Impossible where he turns around crummy bakeries  we have one in town
how close to the bucket is your dog now?
Cant have a better training or medical staff than we have.
Its a huge comp adv for us.
Those guys proved again how good they were.
The feeling is buy mutual!
tweet submit process?
Proud of our leader  Esther representing the public humanities at the Modern Language Association Convention in in Seattle, WA, Jan.
5.
Only has doctorams about people texting her pictures of food
katelynnnnn it won't let me follow you :// follow me!!
Woohoo!!!
What a game!!!
truly exhausted.
Today is a beautiful day in NEW YORK .
everybody should be out today , God bless  be safe 3.
Bucks tomorrow!
Think you'll pull out a win, Jennings?
I don't think so boyfriend, get out of town!
Hehehe

My Computer Is So Fukkin Fast When EveryBody OFF Twitter
have a good trip!
you'll have so much fun!
MAKE SURE YOU TAKE PICTURES!!
imissyou 3
I already did!
Lol!
is it bad to make pancakes at 2 in the am?
um with nutella on top?
I didn't even know Chris Crocker was trying to be a singer, and I was fine with that.
Thanks again, Internet.
Nurture your mind with great thoughts, for you will never go any higher than you think.
Benjamin Disraeli
styles for less.;D
One wrong on my central Asia midterm.
Still an A but weighted as a 95, darn it.
Stupid Tajik civil war in '92 not '94
when are you gonna step back in and beat some ass like in the old days
Beautiful day in Portland!!
Breaking: Four Corners Elementary  Houck Middle School in Salem are locked down.
Police searching for man who fled from traffic stop.
Im so proud of you!
And I really can't properly express in words what a gorgeous night it is.
Upper 60s, cloudless sky as dusk falls.
Inspiring stuff.
im not being sarcastic :
On this date 21 years ago Manhattan Transfer wins a grammy for Birdland.
Congrats!
Plz i dont wanna talk to u.....Stop seeking attention.....freak
semi jealous
Daily commuters on metra fuss w/ folding  reading newspapers.
Layout columns are extinct, eye tracker test would prove this!
He plays for the wrong team ;
...lifethreatening injury.
This big text in Biology is hard to carry; it is so heavy.
But it is adequately detailed.
It is making me want to learn Organic Chemistry!
one downloaded yrs ago from Kresley Cole's website.
I put in total words  a date  it gives me daily goals
south asian fiction spans three continents, hi roller world of teches in Southern California,juxtopose raw and blind emotion of landlords
ThingsIWantTheMost to be with him, or to have a life.
glad to see you are getting your nantucket nectar fix for the week.
EXACTLY!
: hey you can NEVER go wrong with bacon.
EVER.
45k morons RT : follow me people
I just really like you...that's all...I really wish you would understand that..
it feels like i am being demoted...i need to quit asap
Everyone in Wiscy was hoping Brewster would interview Bielema.
Ask him about his decision to go for two.
Why am I losing followers.
I should be gaining them, after all it is FF!
Don't let the referee beat you!
come on Wales !
I am hungry for chick fil a...
Ordering 5 chicken sandwiches
I love college football.
Thx for joining us in 1 of our most beloved Xmas traditions!
RT: WEOR employees joyfully sorting 2000 gifts
Calling musicians !
We want YOU.
Please retweet  reply with contact info.
At the State of the Net conference today...
online piracy and privacy the first topics this morning.
Happy New Year's!
What did everyone resolve to do?
I'm a little behind on National Hug an Anchor Day!
Sending Big HUGS to
Getting out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone.
Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
boom box just arrived Looks pretty rad dudes!If u r coming 2 the next smbsd don't forget 2 bring a bus.card.we r raffling it off
Celtics with the fast and furious start....only to have Philly come back.
BOS up by 2, less than 5 min.
left in the 1st.
Way to get it done and !
Can't wait to get these group runs started with all DNation runners in milwaukee !
doctorssed for snowmaggedon.
Not 70 and beautiful.
Pays to check weather before hopping on a plane.
I 'staWow seriously just got grounded from seeing a girl untill I 'straighten up'
Rofl...Mommie Dearest is on tv on Mother's Day.
Millar is/was likable.
Lackey has been a universal dickhead.
It matters.
Me!!!!!!
Have any Milkduds handy?
this is perfect weather for yetis!!!!
Kay : thanks !
When others let up  that's when you need to pour it on.
Go Do.
seriously guys I can't stress how funny this show is...
its on NBC!
don't come back this way without tellin me!
rolls eyes
I LOVE that place!
So jealous!!
Getting ready to watch the Grammys...
Q: On April 25, Occupy will be protesting that student debt will supersede credit cards.
Will Galtung and other retired professor come teach?
Twitter has lists, G has circles, Pinterest has boards...
get where they're going with this?
Get organized on SM!
yeah!
I dont remember half of them!
And some texts i sent are crazy!
Hhaha the dentist assistant took pics of me with my phone!!!!
Heard SXSW was fun for political geeks   spoke,  many PdF'ers!
Any good pics to share from the wknd?
It's raining in LA!
What is happening to the world!?
Thank you Ariana!
I love you you're so nice!
:
see Eric Lott's Love and Theft: Blackface Minstrelsy and the American Working Class.
Excellent, thorough research.
not much kid...
Chillin
To infinity and beyond!
Her twitter is : RT : what's her twitter!?!
Haha I love her!!
Life without music is food without flavor
I was joking, of course.
You are what I see ...
and yu are what U be ...
I don't judge ..
oh wait!
Ur talking about that Allen guy?
Thought u were talking about Taylor Hicks
Thanks for the follow, Mesa is getting Hot!
Slept the whole day and I still don't feel well 
My friend is reading CJ right now and keeps laughing.
:
At ORD.
Cold cold cold
ok good :
Sushi, box seats at The Predators game and writing with Bobby Hamerick and James Slater.
Not bad for a Thursday night.
...we need more people who live as if they are in covenant with Unconditional Love, which is our best definition of God.
Robin R.
Meyers
.
so thrilled to be in this first scholarship group, can't wait to meet everyone, winners and ONA folks, in the fall!
yo momma know you got a black baby daddy?!?!
lmao.
Yes, plumbing is a challenge; leaks are the worst...very frustrating.
R.I.P Amy Winehouse..
On my way to at L'Espalier!
Lucky man...doctorve safely and get some sunshine for me!
was wondering do you see my posts at all or do you have to follow me?
People nowadays take pictures, not for memories, but to post them on Facebook and get likes.
so what kinda fish u got there a bass?
3WordsOfAdvice Expect the unexpected.
oh why do you not catch that????
lucky for us!!
Relevant to my class today.
RT : When we dont deal with things, they end up dealing with us.
Rainy day in LA
RHOA Marlo just hit below the belt with the comment....
Finalized my deal on my bike today.
Have to wait two weeks for the title
Did u go on taglit birthright?
Interested in a birthright 2.0 experience?
Check out the www.shalomdc.org/alumnimission  Apply now!
In a perfect world, all of those things will happen today.
Never too old to get that ass beat
Kindle vs.
iBooks?
I'm choosing Amazon's software product over Apple's because THE APPLE VERSION IS NOT AVAILABLE FOR THE MAC.
is amazed at how little arm twisting it took to get my sister to come to Brazil with me...
I can always count on to always b up with me
Busy, busy, busy!
So happy to have back in the office :D
absolutely!
You should come to the / library boing boing meetup!
Indeed, that's equivalent to the 308 I let go
EVERYONE FOLLOW
nice weekend in Indy today?
would YOU give me a dollar for somethin?
Thanks for the follow, Cameron!
I'd love to connect you with  focusing on grassroots entrepreneurship.
Today is a great day.
Picked up my goodies for EDCNY , waked an baked a beautiful L with my boys.
BeadforLife is blessed with people who bring a smile to the face of the vulnerable, hope to a struggling mother and ease suffering.
Just got some WAY SUPER AWESOME news regarding a sculpture I'm including in my school project!!!
what restaurant was it that you wanted to order from?
Thanks.
Just what I needed to know!
Will be ordering a set soon...
Word  if you child says this is what he/she wants to study in school...
Cryptozoology.
The study of hidden animals.
yours is rite around the way to
: wow no more Sarkozy.
what are he and Carla gonna do?!
whoa what!
Just finished watching Contagion.
Great buildup, disappointing execution.
:
So it's me and this other girl in here for the interview I'm super nervous now
I really hate when I can hear you chewing in my ear....and smell your food!
Ick!!
Finishing up my onair shift  then getting my shop on!
For everything you have missed, you have gained something else and for everything you gain, you lose something.
Now that's an idea!
I can't wait to be a mommy
that is such a beautiful ring man!
Congrats!!
UPCOMING SHOWS: JUNE 29 IN GROTON CONNECTICUT...opening 4 LMFAO:
I JUST NOW remembered that I wanted to buy a yoga mat on my way home...4 hours ago.
sighs and eats ice cream
Long time no tweets!
How are y'all?
transformers of course
Battery ain't dead yet.
That's good.
Lots of avian wildlife in the Newark airport.
Yea about that comeback ain't happening ThunderUp lakerssuck KOBE sucks
hunger games better be good
Chilling Bored Af
Although Tigers are again tied w/ Orioles for most games giving up 10 runs, O's easily ahead in giving up 13 runs.
Idk what to say anymore.
i love it !
It worked just fine for me  :
Flaca o Flaquinguegere!
I love it!
I love you guys
apparently the multivitamins i bought have horny goat weed in them.
This will be good.
Annual Ethiopian Soccer tournament at RFK Stadium July 1st July 7th  RFK Stadium.
Grammy Award winning artists performing on July 4th.
Someone come see me
Thank God the Euro's and the Olympics is on this summer.
It will make the summer easier to get thru, ready 4 next seasons football
over qualified bruh
Amazing amount of things that can get done if I ignore twitter and texts!
Unfortunately, that didn't happen today...
I couldn't make it myself, but tx for sharing the good 12ntc word
lmao doctornk at this hour
Thank you:D
Can't wait.
if you want haha
Hella bored filling out applications .
On the road again!
Kicking off my fall book talk tour at the Decatur book festival in Atlanta today.
www.atthedarkendoftestreet.com
RT Forrest will be tweeting the day of the fight from his computer/phone.
Be sure to watch UFC 101 and show your support!
I'm gonna start selling cookies and cream hersheys chocolate skittles and starburst ;
The three questions you should ask in a job interview so you hear You're hired.
reports.
11pm next
It's all about the consistency
.
Huzzah, indeed for and our panel of speakers on doctor and epiracy.
Warning: important discussion ahead!
There is a lot of beauty in design that is simple, yet useful.
Outcome comes first.
All else is only added value.
did do something wrong?
Made it through 4 days without coffee.
Headache's subsiding.
Well at least Bama is better at kicking tonight.
Ill take 4 for 6 over 2 for 6.
Still pretty pathetic.
Thanks for the note Chris.Sadly, don't think I am going to be able to make it, but will definitely let you know if plans change
I highly recommend Cross Street Kabob House.
Everything was GREAT...
and most things had a little kick to them.
Salad doctorssing was YUM too.
The hard part is to ﬁgure out the fewest possible features that could possibly accomplish your companys goals.Eric Ries
Whats a good doctornk to doctornk tonight?
Any suggestions?
We need any available Web Designers/ Developers for support with our website!!!
DM or email RT
So i'm totally thinking about uploading a video to Facebook of me dancing to Call Me Maybe :D
The American Spirits Warehouse in Philadelphia is one of the largest Custom Bonded warehouses in the US dedicated to alcohol beverages.
Man sitting at banks r boring :
Hi, can you help me do a shoutout?
it's me.
Why do you ask?
BlackParentQuotes Imma show that teacher who a problem child is!
Take a hit...
Open your mind
When Someone Points There Finger In Your Face THATS WHEN SHIT GET REAL
Lol!
Must b the thin air up there, hubby!
I like climbing my tree though ; Hasn't even been 24 yet!
Awh!
Miss ya more, DaDa!
scms12 however, we are now forever mapping: mapping seems to be part of the network logic of late capitalism
please tell me your online so i can chat you.
like pronto!!!
:O
Anybody else notice that Time Machine actually seems to work on Apple OS X Lion?
RT: Have learned a great deal about both content strategy and frogs today.
confab12  So true.
So true.
please follow me.
u are the reason why im auditioning for this show that coming up!!!
i lip sync ur songs and everything!!!
w/ PTSD I was told not to talk about it there would be reprcutions but talk about similar topics if memory issues come up relax
Congressional Briefing: D5!
Reserve your spot today by emailing !
Don't miss out on this opportunity!
when I worked in the hospital we always kept a jar at our desk !
My heart say let go but my body dnt want to let go
The Salons and Barbershops, especially in the USA, will be beautifying women and men ensuring all tresses are picture perfect.
Why do so many people go to the movies on Christmas Eve!?
Tweet pics of you  the girls !!
Heard it's an awesome salon from my friend!!
To quote Richard Bach, I'll quote the truth where I find it, thank you.
speaking about weight issues
any solo stuff coming out soon!?
Your solo tour in 2008 in Madison, WI w friends and freaking rocked!!
Hi Kelsey.
I had a great Bible Study class.
Now I'm going to bed I have to get up at 5 AM to go to work.
MMUUAAHH
sleep well, gotta ball hard tomorrow.
ightt will do, jesse who
And if Dems bring up The Mormon card, it'll be War on Mormons the childish behavior is pathetic!
How did I get here turned around and there you were3
lol glad you enjoyed it
Good Morning!!!
As the days go by, regardless of what happens, know that EVERYTHING happens for a reason....work thru it n keep your head up
yo let me be ur assistant.
We act just alike and look alike
Girl, is the same 1 that was almost took pain meds w/a Nyquil chaser one night before I read her tweet  stopped her
Lmfaooo  metta war!
Lol : Is Metta World War behaving this time?
:p
TEAMJUMP SJ ALPHA IS THE PERFECT WAY TO READ MANGA FAST ACCESS
: Oh watch out Fancy pants!!!!
hahaha you know it
Almost 300 followers!
Come on people, follow our jamalicious tweets!
For mobile devices, I think over time we'll start seeing more apps that are shells containing HTML5 content
Sounds like a great story.
I lived in Jamacia with a man who crewed on a Norw cr ship.
Lots of hanky panky there.
good!
Booze gotta love booze
Women are meant to be loved, not to be understood.
Oscar Wilde
RT If Luongo goes to Toronto, we can look forward to hearing Don Cherry mispronounce his name every Saturday night for years!
You need to get up get out and do something!
its gonna be an 80 degree day in the MILE HIGH CITY!
I expect a review of 140 characters or fewer after a week.
Deal?
thanks for the suggestion!
i luv italian food and a good brunello.
This is my 84th tweet I have 84 followers and I follow 357 people can any one please follow me and reach to 100
Alena, you make me smile.
Never, ever change.
Elsevier shows off how they use structured data to create Smart Content.
Okay bye.
Saw you perform at Northeastern University last October.
Loved your showwill always remember the video that played FOREVER!
so , thats the point of twitter :P
WikiLeaks and Government Transparency: Secrets, weve got doctorams/Mysteries and crazy schemes
marketingdomination.blogspot.com i need an attorney, so i can put u on the 1st page of Google in ur local area for ur most searched terms
nicest jump ever
To change the world, start with one step.
However small, the first step is hardest of all.
Dave Matthews Band
it's hard out there for us teens lol
awesome!
Look forward to seeing you.
Surrounding myself with the walkers only.
they certainly havent made it an easy go there for him
Sure.
Well, I'm here if you have any more questions.
howdy just figuring Out my tweeter...keep In touch i miss your texts!
Looking for movies on netflix.
its just a TOOTH PICK....
its not like a TREE LOG.....lol
Gents keep eye contact when out on a date.
Not creepy hungry eyes mm commercial eye contact but stay engaged with your eyes.
It works.
I need a hard fuck
Shoutout to for ditching on our beach trip ;
please dont raise the gas tax.
honestly don't think my week could get any worse..
i can't believe this
Next two weeks are full build out new cloud enviroment, new data center suite, Cisco UCS  Nexus and
Facebook...
too cluttered?
I think he's just trying to 1up Axl.
Unfollow this page now and follow my new page now
Earth2 is worth it just to watch the Noxzema Girl go bad.
You must care enough to tweet about it lololol
Thanks for having us out at the What a beautiful campus!
any doctornk specials tonight?
If your mind is not clouded by unnecessary things, this is the best season of your life  WuMen
So sad to hear that Whitney Houston died today.
What a powerful voice she had way back when.
Sad, sad.
Off mah dick.
There were big crickets in the motel bathroom this morning.
Yuk!
Something SportingKC has seemed to miss lately is Myers feeding the ball into the box.
Where did that go?
Cohen moves into Part I of his talk, titled Petrol Telepathy
you should feel awesome...I mean u can't tell a lie ;
It's nice to see that the president I elected finally showed up at the White House
Just found out that tubing in VA  WV requires that you wear a life preserver.
WTF?
That's what the tube is for!!!
.
yes, cos have started standing up to consumer bullies and they should, no one person/group controls prod/brand
On vacation, so I shouldn't be tweeting :
Thanks for all the requests on Sunday nights!
Colorblind made it to 11 on 102.9 the Buzz Year End Review of the top 40 Buzz Bands!!
why are you at the hospital?
Police: Alcohol a factor in fatal wrongway crash on Bishop Ford
Note to self: no more Garfield the cat RT : Love this : MT : surround yourself with people who love Monday mornings.
Thanks for the FF!
This lady really gets on my nerves she really does!
how long have you been going outt?
I want too!!!
I'll need help finding tickets.
Saints game right?
I cant believe my girl left me!!
The only thing getting me through this day is the fact that my new shoes are waiting for me at the apartment!
It's simple as that for your simple ass.
I love it!
A geek who had a doctoram.
Do you mind if I use that in some talks in the future?
Just found a strawberry dutch in my car...
RUGER got hella big !!
but he still the same ol blue nose !
thanks for coming over to sign my daughter's hat today at camp!
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable but more useful than a life spent doing nothing G.B.Shaw Why do we fear mistakes?
lln you have swag.
This baker loves a recipe that starts with, 1 cup of your favorite stout Fuel Cafe Coffee Stout it is!
Someday, you'll realize how much you cared about her and how amazing she was.
But, she'll already be with the guy who always knew.
The Hard Rock Hotel and Casino is SO annoying with its pool party bass that can be heard from a mile away.
Absolutely.
Barrier/ Perceived barrier is a big issue in some other arts too  say, ballet, classical music etc.
nvm baby, go to sleep.
I'll pray for you3
Stop with the spam...next time someone sends me that stuff ur getting cussed out!...sorry but..yaa
Niggas is the new bitches these days smh
Happy Thanksgiving from the Gable PR team!
We are thankful for the wonderful clients we get to work with everyday!
Basketball Bucks looked like they started celebrating the new year b4 tip off.
Sloppy play.
Rematch in the bus will be the bucks  10 pts
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
Aldous Huxley
Giving up meat for Lent?
Choice Eating's meatless menu helps ensure you get the nutrition you need and the flavor you crave.
haha I didn't play sorry but I still love ya!
Seen some of my senior friends....yayyyyyy lol
finger crossed for more sunshine
I'll have a large monster please.
LOL!
Thx for the mention!
Looking forward to the role :
Why should women wish to be or to do or to write like men?
Is not the feminine genius the most angellike?
hahaha!
Juxx watch me.....Imma be kissing the 5 collectable cards.
smooch, smooch, smooch :P
you send that track?
I just keep running into u lol
quotes I resolved to stop accumulating and begin the infinitely more serious and difficult task of wise distribution.
Ok Albuquerque, What is the best place for tacos?
Jeremiah 22:3 This is what the Lord says: Do what is just and right...Do no wrong or vioence to the alien, the fatherless or the widow...
we were supposed to close tonight.
we're not.
not just yet.
that's pretty great.
Congratulations on the appointment of as CFO, announced in bit.ly/zQKqF8
i can fix you some pizza and wings for you
RecordStoreDay totally slipped up on me...i have no money now
: : Mosquitos are more attracted to people who have recently doctornk beer.
sucks for me :
deadline for is next week!
Please send videos of any of your experiences in DC to be exhibited
Tami now u feel bad bitch?....wat if that was sumone treatin ur daughter the same exact way??
Lost alot of respect for yo Ass!!
I think I told him that too.
LOLOLOL
I dont judge him for what he is but what he refuses to become
My mistake, I did say they should have said it's common.
They should have said there were instances.
And they should admit they 
Lol.
Did you get it?
I can't get over how many of these guys have tried to trash FSU's record WHILE crying Poor Bobby simultaneously.
Ultimate irony.
I love when people tweet Eminem lyrics....especially when they don't like him nearly as much as I do.
I LOVE MortalInstruments .
You like fantasy?
You like romance?
You like werewolves, ninjas and magic?
You will love Mortal Instruments too.
Charles Darwin was a bad ass
Killin me right now!!!
Good Luck on your half : Feeling good is a great sign.
catching up, and I think trying to get away from me at the same time, oi!
let me know how they turn out when you finally get the molds
that's what they want you to do.
Don't fall pray to their media whoring.
Oh no  out of milk.
This is unacceptable, for I can not have my Weetabix without milk
Without to see the film Don 2 I know very well that a successful Just because you put the wonderful touches in the movie!sleep well
Dear Dave Matthews: rest assured, the guy in the GBH tee at Greenlake does not want your autograph.
Lol if you saw that....
You would call me a bitch and know I don't give a fuck!
if you have the spare cash I would recommend it, it's in an alternate universe so it won't spoil anything, homages here and there
thank u:
yes get your ass here soon
I'm planning on it if my equipment cooperates
What is your favorite type of guy or girl?
Man who takes woman camping has one intent
I can't seem to make a clean version of an oh, no!
they'll see you coming joke...
Take time out to say Thank You!
It goes a long ways :
Its a brand new day!
yawn..stretch..smile : jS
Jumped in the car to go to lunch and caught on the radio!
Love that girl!
3 of 4 counties in NC House Dist 10 have been canvassed, NC Rep LaRoque down by 58 votes now, recount coming
Enjoyed 's company tonite.
Love u
Thanks for following us!
Hope you love good jazz, soul, and house music, it's our life too!
My Favorites Were The Ones W/The Pictures...She Makes It To Easy For Me
He wants to do it...
but the Weinsteins don't want him.
Go see Babes in Arms!
My professorssional taste has determined it to be absolutely fabulous.
:
I think somebody hacked my twitter account...I didn't post my last post...how does that happen?
Consider this is me giving you props for it :
YOU act like a fictional character and YOU obsess over obsessive twilight fans...
J.K.
Rowling is now embarrassed.
Check out the 4 Gutsy Girls blogging about their QLC's  stratejoy.com to see how they handle the chaos!
You're not alone!!
:
twitterstorians I can't B SOLE historian using Alain Touraine as theoretical scaffodling  social movement history Find me more please?
Oh jus tell em to bugger off..
Spectacular weekend camping at Sherondo Lake in the Shenandoah National Forest this weekend.
Photos to follow...
Realist Prediction: The world will not fundamentally change!
Morning!
This would be a great day to hit up Agua Verde for nachos and a kayaking trip.
Hi Fred.
Can I please send u a spec script I wrote of Parks and Rec?
I have been told it is incredible!
Thanks a lot!
I love you!
not no more ...
OK, phew.
I was worried for a second.
I like The Rake's Song, and that's the only one I've heard.
Gave up DLing for Lent.
was god yo'?
especially to one person.
I don't know why I even attempt to sing to Adele in my car.
Not to mention I have bronchitis...
The website is real, this twitter account, not so much.
Your so dusty
no one will ever understand how much it hurts.
nope Demonic is everywhere well we represent dungeons for now unitl twitter and the haunt world get up to date
We love the way music brings people together.
There's more milk than cereal in my bowl...
whyy u gotta egg pick haaha
Im your best friend right!!
:D
Still waiting on the follow request from , so as far as I'm concerned, she's dead to me.
Ah bacon!!!
And it's Tuesday!
Haha well the commercial scared me ctfu..
Arsenio!!!!
Whoop whoop whoop!!!
I want Believe Tour Dates!
And for you to follow me one day....
Fast fabric!
Bamboo is the fastest growing woody plant on the planet.
With some species growing more than 2 inches an hour.
Got my alarm set for 8:57 so I won't miss it!
HAHAHA nice?
friendly?
Yes.
Sweet...??
I prefer sassy.
And it's a good thing.
You bugging, cut them checks.
You A BOSS.
MEETING NOW!
Room 8011 DePaul Center :
i need more sleep.
I guess nobody cares...okay
it's gonna be 80 today in DC, while you're at your afternoon mtg..ahem golfing ..Think about our steak frites, secret sauce and cherry pie!
as always, we love having you over.
In addition to the 1/2 off wines on tues, is there anything else you'd like us to try?
Faithful to the one I love I put nothin above we don't like takin showers so we get it in the tub
It's time for another socialmonday tonight !
Don't miss it, 10pm for dinner, and don't forget to RSVP !
TY for mentions
you.
are.
absolutely.
GORGEOUS girl!
I idolize you.
me and Suzanne tried it.
I understand how to do it..
Just need a test dummy to try it out
he's gonna tweet at you be careful
chap 7 going to 8, u?
Lebron ol'g look like Chilli for a minute!!
; tell Jordan i said hi for me ;D
All successful employers are stalking people who will do the unusual, people who think.
sometimes I fee like somebody's watching me
WHY ARE YOU TRYING TO DESTROY OUR ECONOMY?
But we would miss you...
great game tonight and I hearing Thunder players thanking God in victory and also in defeat.
Does it bother anyone else that the 2nd most popular quote on Good Reads is written by Apple Inc.
???
anything I can help explain?
Quality poker products up to 75 off!!
Looking for new chip set, poker table, playing cards, a new card guard?
Go to www.eproducts4less.biz
sometimes i wish i wasn't smart
m that ones tough ;
naif  naive, but in the sense of new comer They're talking about putting a football team together of UK music.
NOPE.
Eli Manning is way better than Peyton.
And now he's taken over TEBOW's job?
Welcome another new member to our team!
!
She will be an amazing addition to our already RAWkin' team.
Welcome aboard Mballa!
Who has a guess about how social networks might evolve as email evolved away from Prodigy's and AOL's proprietary platforms?
How might this impact silver prices, if at all?
Love you too roomie!
that's good.
How was your day?
Congrats on your graduation.
DEFINITELY a privilege not a rt!
Actually checked out the hashtag for timewarnercable and it's unbelievable the amount of negative feedback.
I'm switching to
I just wanna jump in a crowd of bad bitches...
how to tie a tie andoctorid app.
swear to god.
Glow doctorw is the one I use.
ConfessionHour I LOVE ALL RUSHERS!!
People  they can make your life easy or difficult.
Why does it seem like there are more difficult ones than easy ones?
Love the colts no matter what.
I'll be rockin my blue and white tomorrow along with my attire.
I'm so glad you have a twitter!!:
I just saw something I could never unsee, I'm not sure if thats a good or bad thing though
It snowing out again need to move somewhere warm
Lol he told me
Sorting through some pictures of Cadillacs I took at car shows.
I miss my honey R.
But its kool
and double points for LL, still lickin those lips
Got my coffee.
Ready for my uppers.
Good morning.
Well 11 so far today's picks NY 20 ATL 17 and thick PIT going to win but I love Tebow so DEN 17 PIT 10 whats your picks.
Good plan!
Of course!
Happiest Tuesday : Cheers!
Brolley, couldn't find your handle.
Chef Geoffsnnext Wed at 5, you down?
ADPoncampus at Chico State this week!
Happy Halloween everyone...
oh you fancy huh?!
:D
lol no you gotta doctorw mines hahaha
Its like whoa.
You bitch an I can see it in ya eyes
Squaremouth Spotlights Travel Insurance Provider Travelex Insurance Services  PR Web
Perhaps beach on Sat have a lovelyevening and good night sweet doctorams
Thanks!
I've been through 3x but am super excited to have it delivered to my DM and key leadership team.
It's so interesting to participate in a marketing conference on social TV and see how marketers market to each other :
that's dope man!
what u been doin?
Thanks for the follow
I kno I'm sore I would really love to have a massage lol...
misterwinter called my mom  and said that he asked me why I wasn't working and I said cause I don't feel like it.
He's a liar!
Confessions script finished  off to shoot it!
:
US SC rules in the much awaited Skilling v.
US case dealing with jury impartiality and 18 U.S.C.
1346.
4 facts.
4.
You know how to read.
i get what i want cause i ask for it, not because i'm really that deserving of it.
Recently back from Costa Rica try our Costa Rica Coffee gelato muy bueno!
Even the champagne bottles they spray at NASCAR events looks like its bought from Sams Club
is done for this school semester...looking forward to a 6week break before the next semester begins!
fsu is straight trash
You go Rick Sanchez on your scowling of Fox News...
Anyone who associates themselves with Fox News should not be called a journalist.
Ha.
That's good.
You should send them to a really weird incarnation built just for them.
Wearing shorts because it's finally 60 degrees..
I miss my fishy.
MY MOM JUST HAD TO doctorP HIM DOWN THE doctorIN.
I probably shouldn't just be laying here in bed when I have work to do...
oh well catching up on sleep cuz I won't get any
Smh I'm in Vegas .
But I'll be leaving soon .
That video is great!
Thank you!
We are proud to be part of your training routine!
I love me some
I see!
How cool!
I can't wait to see what's going on in the community.
Lolololol I don't know, I saw it on Pinterest.
I am PISSED I'll be out of town when is in Cinci.
PISSED, I tell you.
P I S S E D
Early work meetings...a wonderful way to start a Wednesday.
i would say .
thanks guys!
He replied What's Shabooms?
bo.
gabbi, I need you're opinion on something!
why were we not following eachother?
If you're still up in one hour, then y
Aren't the Coyotes owned by the NHL?
Isn't that kind of a conflict of influence as far as the officiating is concerned?
Just saying'.
did my bag make it?
Cool.
The movie In Time makes no sense.
THANK YOU SPEAKERS at Monday's event!
Everyone did such an amazing job thanks for being apart of the launch of SWAG!
so are tpu in Houston now?
My kids were surprised to see the moon tonight.
It's been a while!
At home chillin
stop.
Right now.
thanx..it's been corrected.
sportingkc will be covered weekly along with the MLS..feel free to criticize our takes lil Bob.
Seems like I'm making a deal with the devil...
Who's wishpering softly to me...
Are you sure that he's the one???.
Excited and nervous!
My first
...take that appearance based stereotypes!
:P
Upon recieving the news of a dead relative, sent this:  grandpa dick  I've never lol'd harder.
Youngest daughter currently playing ring around the rosie in the living room by herself.
hey thanks for the follow!
one of our members loves science.
throw some of that passion our way and likeus on fb!
: Dear God : Today I wokn up ..
I am healthy ..
I am alive ..
THANK YOU ..
Your love will never go unnoticed .
Deff
sleepy night in DC me thinks.
If I were u I would check Song 1 on the Hirschorn.
Hit me up if u are out post 11pm.
Don't act.
Just feel.
Stay honest.
So my instructors says I look like I'm vietnamese, japanese and peru...how idk....
smh
sorry im not like you oh hi im judy kegley i go to school with jumpers on chris hahahaha
The two things that make me feel so alive: Acting and working out.
I'm lucky to have
Wishing  a very Happy Diwali!
May the new year bring our entire team must more success and pride as an artist!
You coming to Phx for the Western Conference Finals if and when?
Gotta wake up early, so its time for bed doe.
wow your grandparents were stunning :
Writing w/ Trevor Thornton this morning!
Asians are always late.
Haven't you learned that lesson??
Hate havin to shower cause you dont wanna get up.
Even though you know ya stink.
WHAT?!
Jonny's bringing greek yogurt...
Mitt Romney and his corporate capitalist freemistert Ideologues think they have a chance...The truth about them and you exists ...and we know
Need something fun to do with the kiddos this weekend?
We've got great family fun exhibits at the Balloon Museum!
Kids get in for only 1!
Hi go hi go...
Off to my second job I go...
Hey now.
It's not so bad.
Even Joe is watching this game!
RT : Time for the TRUTH
Configuring a blog on bar etiquettewhat are yall barpeeves?
Even if you are on the right track, you will get run over if you just sit there.
Will Rogers
Love getting stuff done
You certainly mean Boy, oh, boy
Ready to get this over with!
Tonight, was the greatest night of my life, for many different reasons.
In the studio today creating baby making music!
Go Birds of prey!
Eric
That lady has to be the MOST FAMOUS CHURCH NURSE EVER!
LOLLOL
Did u get my twts earlier about da oda Modeling Agency in Downton LA?
You are not one in a hundoctord, or one in a thousand, not even one in a million.
You are one, unique and thats it :
Who or what is your biggest inspiration?
PT
Someone entertain me, or get me some gas.

Bored damn already
In Battleship 
I wish i could just roll up right na and take dat stress away
I SAW YOUR VIDEO ON YOUTUBE U WAS GOING OFF!!LMFAO UR SO FUNNYDM ME BAKK IF U HAVENT BUT YEAH ITS 2 FUNNY
Happy Birthday !
RT : Oh, you're overweight?
Please, tell me more about the new diet you're starting next Monday.
Fun Fact: 2 Seasons since 1992 that didn't include either the Packers or the Eagles in the playoffs.
via jsonline
Oh you know I will!
Just looking for an opportunity....
How do you feel about gonna?
I have never felt soo strong
Can't wait for AmericasCup.
We will be catering this event.
Extravagant food items galore!
Unforgettable...gotta leave a lasting impression to make em cum back 4 more!!
maybe you never fall out of love in the first place
They aren't though, that's the thing.
Video editing is almost as fun as hanging out with captainin Hemsworth
You need to be the official DCB food photog.
John  I could use some serious help!
No I don't imagine it is!
fine.
I challenge you to doctorW SOMETHING!!!!!
I once taught a German shepherd to bark in Spanish.
Dude we should post nasty shit, like I bet you the bitch doesn't even shave her pubes.
xD
Caps GMGM says Beagle broke his foot, had to have surgery
educomm technology has allowed us to provide a better education, but not cheaper, Brian rosenberg, pres Macalester college
In line  target and the woman bought lots of lemons, looks like a master cleanse
Just one example.
76ers are only the fifth 8seed in history to knock out a first seed.
Agreed Gephi is best at visualizing large graphs, but challenging for new users!
no filming just partying!
I bet you could even let her go see her boyfriend!
Thanks for the RTs, Elyse!
We're very excited to have a San Diegan part of the CA Transportation Commission.
c'mon son.
You know the doctorll
any suggestions for food around Comerica?
I don't really know why all we said is goodbye; I guess I'd rather save my breath.
The world is just a timebomb; everyone is dead wrong...
but u.s.
education is becoming more and more testdoctorven, ranking obssessed, class based segregating machine
nothing cats do is ever peaceful.
That is what you call laying in wait, preparing to attack
Can't wait to get my personal watercraft on the Potomac this weekend.
Been land locked all winter!
Throw one back for Coach Bruce for me, would ya Don?
RT
I spent 1 hour and 20 minutes bicycling.
1,016 calories burned.
Yeah, I'm not sure either.
I have a couple of guesses, but it's just speculation.
It is official!
I am not formally simplygrapes.
Happy September!!!
might as well be January.
This year is FLYING by!
Did you get ur text I sent you!
As follows:Happy Mother's Day!!
Love you bunches!I'm in ATL hopefully I get to see those babies!
Thanks for following the Pancreactic Cancer Action Network  Milwaukee Affiliate
Where is everyone??!!!
happy mother's day to you!
I speak for thousands when I say you have been the best spiritual mama to us!
we loveadore you!
Bases loaded with no one out...
we need this win.
Less than 3months and Im getting my new car
the ustream has finally been scheduled.
You in?
Oh, and she's at Neumos this week, I think
in honor of this great occasion, I shall watch The Princess Bride.
When will you bring your fabulous burgers to Chicago?
Good nacht twitter of germany!
hah!
Somehow I missed that tweet yesterday.
I will forward your love.
First day back at swim...
Thisshouldbeinteresting !
:
at the clarion hotel
Just had the worst right hammie cramp in the world..almost cried..thought my hammie was torn lol
Yeah but its true :P haha
Blacksburg it was epic, see you in a few weeks  dc bound.
doctorving for the next 4 hours, feel free to call me.
hi I don't know you very well but your twits make you look like a very bad person
DD has test to pass in order to get baby chicks.
Dog/cats/chickseveryone behave themselves.
No circle of life in first week.
I'm squeamish.
If NLT were an Animal, what Animal would it be...
and why?
It's supposed to be beautiful today.
I'm sure things will be crazy at the cart.
See you down there!
Still riding the shit outta this and high!!!
well said hope you have an amazing day.
You didn't cheat did you?
: You got it!
DM your addoctorss.
RT : Happy Sprecher Day!
If you're at wistatefair stop by for the limited Belgium Dubbel, or just a root beer!
Waking up 34 minutes earlier everyday, no matter how sleepy I am.
I am a light meter.
Hey Laney!
I saw your comment on 's blog post.
Let's talk about the skirt!
Email me at .
When I turn in my last of the 5 major assignments due in the past 2 weeks on Saturday, I'm going to be relieved  and also batsht crazy.
This movie is so sad!!!!
The Fail robber
please follow me so we can discuss buisness.
I tried to respond to your DM.
Just had the Spicy Thai at , so good
RT : Give every man thine ear, but few thy voice.
Shakespeare
Opportunity dances with those who are already on the dance floor
Good morning!!
Happy turkey day to all!:
He went back after FA started callitaloss: Like I said, we can't count Soliai, he went back to his original team...
HA!
Need to be MUCHO quicker and go farther...
but THX : RT : Good going!
Myspace sucks
M'aider m'aider help me help me!
DC/VA/MDers: care to share any dog daycare recs?
My puppy love needs a loving home while I'm at work.
Checking out places this weekend.
thanks Brady!
I'm coming over sometime to launch some more golf balls over your backyard.
POST YOUR RESUME, VIDEO AND PICTURE SHOWCASE YOUR SKILLS TO HIRING EMPLOYERS JOIN BODYGUARD NATION AND FIND THE RIGHT JOB TODAY!
S/O to all the cool people in my life right now!
Blessed are the cracked For they shall let in the light.
We love you !
Come see us again soon :
They should have ejection seats specifically designed for assholes who sit next to people when there are tons of other seats.
iwish he would just be there with out me saying
To work or not to work today  that is the question...
Oh, I am SO there.
Vinyl spinnage daily?
And caffeine?
Yes, please.
Pippin throws the curve ball: prefer to hear 70's folk music.
Knew I should have brought my James Taylor
Don't you have an iPhone?
you rock!
Awesome session on Moms vs Mgmt today!
Fun and inspiring!
Hope you enjoyed the margaritas!
Lets hang out sometime!
likewise!
I'm in the midst of setting up a monthly craft session.
If you're interested, I can keep you in the loop.
Chicfila sauce 
: I'm jelly!
I was doing hw...
Which I'm still doing :/ and will be all day.
How about we trend One Direction  Americans ; x x x x
It's something.
And two months ago, something is more than I expected.
It's about saving the lives of our childoctorn, says
I didn't like Terry Francona when he was with the Red Sox, but he's a pretty likable guy as an ESPN analyst
Listening to the new JackWhite album on iTunes for free.
Lovinn it.
what class do you have??
Getting old.
Had to get up on the middle of the night to take pain relievers for a sore back.
Sex is an emotion in motion  Mae West
RT : Thrilled to have Mark Moran of on sschat Mon 7pm EST: how educators can create new textless curriculum.
I haven't been there since childhood!
Haha
Push mowing your yard then standing in a water sprinkler for 10 minutes
Did i hear that right ..
New single out in July ?!
Cant forkin wait !
:D
Creativity is the residue of wasted time
And I'm right w/ you on dirty tricks and voter ID laws.
Those are wrong!!!!
I love french fries!
Come get dirty with us on October 22nd.
Lets dance, and fuck, and sing pop songs at the top of our lungs.
You would think I would have something more important to say in tweet 8,400 but I don't...hopefully tweet 8,401 will be better!
I love playing 'Find Selina and Ross' at ACE shows and then finding out they left w/o saying bye.
did you see the forecastle lineup?
Any thoughts about going?
HangOver II scarred me!
I walked out a couple times!
LOL
yayy you made a twitter:
The office is divided.
Gif with a juh or guh ???
3wordsaftersex Where's your friend
Yelling out!!
supporters lets get ur followers to follow realrnb  my followers yall know the doctorll lets go!
Aww, I feel the same about you.
So fun yesterday.
Pie dates rock!
COLORBLIND supply co.
Coming soon everyone be ready, and get some money from whoever...go rob a nigga to buy a COLORBLIND shirt/hoodie
: is perfect forever
She is one of our best customer reps!
Safe travels!
Looking for a new challenge  Dare Me!
wow twitter isnt working its saying has 0 followers yeah i dont think so lmao
Yes sir
they are adding bricks in the wall rather than tearing the wall down so to speak.
Damn, time to do some last minute cleaning jic.
Happy FF to all of our sister cities!
No gold stool, no brew, but I am sittin' by the pool like Heavy D in mister Big Stuff, typin this paper on Hip Hop  Respectability Politics.
Happy Memorial Day everybody.
Daddy Mack brought you down home bleus last nite  Deborah Swiney will bring sounds of the speakeasy next Thursday.
The only way the beat the is if elbows , and.
Outmatched.
Was up.
How you been?
When you try your hardest to keep her happy but it just dont work
So far you have endorsed horrible candidates Rick Santorum and Bill Mccullom.
Both frauds and bad for our country.
it is!!
There needs to be a Donatos next to campus!
It would make everyone so happy.
And if a nigga start acting up I send his a to time out til he get his act right!
He gotta know he fckn wit a boss here!
Why, yes, I did mean deep chunk!
The database is obviously trying to sell us doctorgs.
your welcome:
I luv uRT : Please keep my good friend in ur prayers today!!
Love you girl!!
You will be back at it in no time!!
:
your stupid 
Tienes que hacer una cancion de Dubstep!
Im a producer/writer/artist and have tons of dance/ Dubstep tracks!
met amazing dancers yesterday at WILD Dance Intensive yesterday!!!best day ever!!
met the one and only Mollee Gray and Tokyo!!
33 them:D
Whenever you do find a HCP hesitant of SoMe, Web, patient communities...
give me a call.
I'll help
I wanna write the soundtrack to your life
Make it so!!
RT I'm all for a 3 piece FH section for the GB show starting 9/4!!!
Also Oboe  12 strings!
How did I know this would happen?
: Thanks Zali for the win 3
RT : i would like 2 know if u want 2 see my show  cannotwhy?
where do u live?
do u have access 2 hallmark?pls explain.
lisa
congratulations!
keep it up!
the hard work is paying off :
We have a new server ready  vpnsf36 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in San Francisco.
It's available in your customer area now.
Amaz exp for employees at People Serving People.
2,500 worth of toys and clothes donated/wrapped w/parents at the shelter.
Got BD part 1 Friday and watched it like 7 times since then
I was being serious.
To be fair, sometimes I think Colin just enjoys being contrarian.
You love flamers, don't you ?
At CSU San Marcos hearing about curbing teen pregnancy amongst Latinas.
More than half of US Latinas have a baby before turning 20.
the pains of being older.
someone take her the glasses.
get your lazy asses up.
silly goose, :3 I'm not upon pills :3
Tweeting from my phone.
I'm so easily entertained.
Especially when I should be doing housework.
Feel better!
Can't have you out of action.
pooping after shower is so counter productive argh
Thank you very much!
I just wanna go back to sleep!
12 hr shifts are
thanks for the RT
This is bullshit.
The winners have obviously already been picked, why am I taking the time to vote?
Sleepin on the couch RT : Sleeping alone  ..
That saying you don't know what you got till its gone isn't really true
I thrw my kicks on.
And I fly away, wid this music on loud cuz my thoughts tell me go, my visions got me feelin gr8
yeah, i just don't like it when people take over the dialogue,but sometimes there's good feedback
Im gonna name my son Alberto so these Cubans in Miami call him Albetico
More than 10 years ago I thought was too cool for introducing me to Dar Williams.
She's still too cool and I lurve her a bunch.
Y is ben still in??
I hope the 49ers break his ankle then maybe he'll learn to just give it up
W.inquisitivetongue.com for Tampa Bay, San Diego best bets.
What's yours?
That's adorable!
My needles are sparking as I finish up a Knitty I do for my friend's wedding.
Yarn: Cascade Sierra Sunshine.
I do it easy, leave the hard a way to Penny....
why are you in a full suit!
76k, last level of the day.
and German reg added to table.
Hello 11 new followers.
I don't chase hoes, they move too slow for me
HEARTBREAK HIPPIES PROMO CD WILL BE OUT DEC.
22 and cost a baby 2 dollars reserve ur copy today contact CHARACTER  317.457.6020 to get one
You watch it when it airs.
I have to watch one of the 25,000 reruns.
Mad Men takes priority on Sunday nights.
How's Juicy?
Lol.
Common Mistake a product you could make in the time it made you to make the powerpoint
Nothing against Metairie, but it's horsesht to make us come out there instead of nola for depositions.
I like the Zooey D ad...don't think it's elitist, do you?
She's just so cute!
My condolences on your loss.
Lost my mom when I was around your age.
Never easy.
Live Bands!!!
Happy Birthday!
Outraged.
MT Thank you for turning the page smh MT Unlike Rosen, who had to adopt kids, Ann raised 5 of her own.
I'm on the way bae,hol on...I'm coming
Todays word of the day is spittiful u look very spittifull!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
What's up, White County?
Meth, most likely.
No date announced but they say they're working on it!
congrats Mark!
Bittersweet for me because we'll only work together a short time but I think this will be a great move for you.
And congrats to also
Great to see the Knicks show heart but they are just delaying the inevitable
apple pie I make a wonderful apple pie
Bench press is a lot easier when you only go halfway down.
that's very PG for tonight lol..
did rhodes put you up to this?
MAKE ME.
Tech fans 1!
Aggies 0!
We booed one out of the stadium!
I'm currently being followed by a silent account holder named Quilty.
This feels like the embodiment of a lifelong doctoram.
your video is up3
my first 4 2 bills I got from place an new place I am training at got 5 2 bills
Nice day to eat outside, just need a margrita now...
Lol.
we agree!
who they hell is ryan ?
Loved Kyle williams in 09 against UA when he single handily killed his team.
Hate him today when he is playing for 49ers and killed again.
Yeah.
But shhh.
Don't tell your dad:
I am housecleaning.
This is of historical significance.
nigger, stay up late.
:p
not sure if its the bourbon but that cracked me up !
Thanks!
RT : And good luck to on their first Smithsonian event!
It's a shame we overlap  can't go to each others!
could be soon to stop BBN from freaking out.
Word is he's close
i hate you for being so pretty.
.
We can recruit to help us out!
Joy will never know what hit her!
Lmfao!
Rain.
A good thing!
Yeah, I love DC  such a great city.
:
People are rude these daays .
.
lol
Great .
I'm hungry again ..
Someone needs to show her ALC rules RT : Did Evelina Halsey Brandt just admit she wants to build amenities on the Garden City...
yo dog I heard you like updates
Just found AKA Squidwards Alter Ego.
If you like laughs, youll love this account!
We run LA
Damn, don't tell me you're taking her out to Mickey D's afterwards??
You really know how to treat a girl.
applauds you
Blog: I agree w defining WHAT we want students to learn; But what TRAITS do they need to be SUCCESSFUL in a global economy?
A man's house is his hassle.
Yes Ma'am
Whoa!
Twitter just took on a mind of its own!
: Want me to throw more food at you?
absolutely.
: What happened to Emotion?
Thx for sharing your getoutandzip trip, Oregon specialtystyle!
Stay tuned to see if you win.
I know brutal!!!
I love you all3
Ha.
Ladders gave me the first big laugh of the night.
Yes I'm up about to go to bed.
BitSleepy Posted on Thursday May 17, 2012 10:21 PM
Sounds like my kind of day.
Glad you had fun.
who wants free business cards?
summer life
Melanie Fiona Wrong Side of A Love Song Repeat!
3 /3 /Thinkin' .
.
.
Watching tonight.
So far so good!
O yeah
Pick your battles wisely.
Why don't we create one account and you can do a screencast?
watching Halloween!
Super scary!
hey guys  I'm working on this issue right now.
Thanks for the email Kerim!!
:
got the picture today!!
Thank you so much!!
One more class, then I can go to bed!
How is it only Monday?
I only feel good when I'm sleeping or eating.
Here's what vexes me about those bands: I have never met anyone who likes them  ANYONE.
What does that say about America?
Got the new Twitter app up and running on my phone.
Pretty snazzy.
I heart learning new things.
I wanna move to miami ...
Working the poll in Pohick precinct.
Vote for Steve Hunt!
girl you so affine
Frankly, I'm embarrassed by it happening on my watch.
I gotta say folks from the UK are really nice :
where these tornadoes at??
Do it for torty go
Hah!
RT : howdy!
have a: Lisa active weekend
chill asia you goin too far lol
i just caught myself listening to the one direction cd.
what has this world come to?
eye fire website really burned my eyes with horrible design/spamming.
Ugh.
WTF is that site?
Madison Mayor Dave Cieslewicz files open meetings complaints with Dane County DA and state AG.
All we do is smoke and fuck ...
smoke and fuck
Im abt to stop doing wat mfs wudn do for me...
U AINT GOT SHIT COMING MY WAY...!!!
I wudn care wat it is or for...
If Yo Gabba Gabba had more zombies, I would enjoy it as much as my daughter.
WeWontWork if you have no goals in life .
I feel like some eggs, bacon, sausage, pancakes, and leftover pork chops.
Its hard to tell your mind to stop loving someone when your heart still does.
The best of both worlds, I'm not spoiled but I have a loving family.
But I'd say mostly Emma, I can mostly fend for myself.
When is a Yankee going to come through with a big hit like Vlad just did?
For I know the plans I have for you, says the LORD.
They are plans for good and not for disaster, to give you a future and a hope.
Why can't NYPD Traffic cops do anything about triple parked limos  trucks on Madison Ave between 7  9 am weekdays?They tix everywhere else
Happy Thanksgiving to one and all.
Going back to sleep.
Early rising.
Night world.
Two more shows, finals and then a nice three week break to refocus and work on other client/personal projects.
We've been in that situation where you're just so happy to be doing what you love to do that you get taken advantage of.
Justin Timberlake
im magical ;
It was going good for a while but these last few segments have been doctorgging badly.
I don't think this girl on Facebook will survive the 2nd day of her diet..
I'll keep you posted.
Recording doctorms for the EP tonight!
I remember when I did the show 30 Rock.
Steve Martin was there Tina Fey was great  Alec Baldwin pushed me 2 the side w/ his chunky fingers
Phone is gone and now wallet as well.
Note to self: dont walk with bag open bc you will get pick pocketed.
I quit this week.
See you 5/8.
50 yr.
ago women could not attend White House Correspondents dinner In '62 Pres.
Kennedy refused to attend until ban was lifted.
Welp, Jeff Gordon goes down 2 laps.
Par for the course this season...
:
RT left, right and christbook, video, book launch event bit.ly/pjg1BS
Frost advisory
He almost did a faceplant into dudes nuts
RT : So much gwalla, dollar after dollar
HubSpots Lead Notification and Prospect Tracking is a simple tool that notifies users whenever a lead returns to their site
The constant companion in my journey has been theatre,
The Lucky One was a good movie.
Thanks:
oh that was for u....burp!!!
Can someone tell me what's with this sudden desire to join the Red Pant Revolution..
I can now officially say that I went to school in my swimsuit ..
LOL goodtimes
wanna go halfsies with me on colton dixon?
: hahaha
Time to leave.
Goodbye twitter buddies :D
What am I supposed to think over it?
I think I've actually heard it before and it's creepily vulgar.
The evening program for our Arts  Eats for Justice Gala is coming along!
Counting down until December 6th!
by creating 1 MILLION LESS JOBS A MONTH than Obama  couldnt even finish 2 WARS he started...u are out of your fucking mind
So weird.
RT : The awkward moment when you reflect on your life and realise that it's one big awkward moment.
Oh bitch I'm coming!
Going to bed at six in the mornin
fans, respect the koaladancebot ...go I.aM.mE!!!
RT if u c the  bieberfever and ChachiFever all the way!!!
Performing at indie night tonight at 9pm at eGarage with But first I have a dentist appt.
at 6:15pm.
The excitement continues.
Delish breakfast this am...
banana, PB, honey, and a sprinkle of granola all wrapped up in a whole wheat tortilla.
Yum
i actually need them for an event just to wear.
are you in raleigh?
I love family guy!
Besos to my sweetie for successfully defending his dissertation today!
OMG!
Want to impress a new business prospect?
Nominate them for the Ernst  Young Entrepreneur of the Year Awards!
Nominations open now!
God is trying to get my attentiom today, to direct my energies to make the most of my special talents.
I will be aware.
Spartacus is having a crazy sex scene rite now
Fuse is looking 4 twitter peeps tonight 06/06 only.
Show this tweet/RT 2 GM Steve.
Code word: ElectricSushi.
C what happens
you're a good friend!
I'm bored.
Is she ever gonna let us hang??
I just heard that Dick Clark died.
I am very sad but you are in a better place.
New Year's will never be the same without you!
: I canot wait....I absolutely love u guys!!!!//WE ABSOLUTELY LOVE YOU SIS!!!
Okay.
Thanks for the info.
This weather has me craving Clam Chowder already...
I have James Brown's Man's World see stuck in my head.
You are amazing!
Thanks for helping me and sharing!
awwe r u mad at me now?
RT : Univision upfront described in one word mobilization
The OutKast member will portray the rock legend in All Is By My Side, which begins filming later this month...
Love the madness!!!!
RT : Six hours ago, there were 4,728 perfect brackets on TournamentChallenge.
Now?
Zip.
Zero.
Nada.
NONE.
Get Burned Sleeper Agent such a good song!
we don't believe in child labor.
no good night tweets?
Full auditorium at Dana.
Passionate Principals presented briefly tonight.
What a great crew we have in Point Loma
I swear he kinda walks normal now I almost wanted to call him jared haha.
There's no light w/o dark, feminine w/o masculine, good w/o bad, right w/o wrong.
Become whole and merged, and not onesided.
yo dude, get the shoes??
Having heart to hearts with my mommy  
can u blog about your move to cleveland?
I'm going to have a Domino's Pizza I get a free coke in Boston stores if I say BarCast
that look like money?
Money be green.
D
Thanks for the follow.
Bloggers and their readers had a blast at the event in Nov.
Do you all plan on using Twitter more now?
I Do Whatever My Rice Krispies Tell Me To.
Realtime analytics clearly demonstrate the immediate impact of social sharing on traffic and revenue.
hi.
how high/low should a tie bar be worn?
many thanks.
Heartbreak, like a knife, / cuts through our complacency / ravaged beyond pain.
Hey you are officially the subject of my first tweet.
we need to see each other more
maybe SJSU Engl Dept can implement more DH formally into curriculum  take advantage of our creative writing prog too for elit?
We need a few BLOG mentions about us at Sunset Island Music
perfectly fine you have my permission
I didn't know Lou had a speech impediment
Already listen and download the podcast RT: We currently have the KC Soccer Show on
Steenbock's on Orchard?
This my album,  when your parents try to come around, do the fuckin' exact opposite of turning' it down.
Good job Chavez!!!
I wonder if Eric Chavez has Tweeter Account
Ireally dont wanna go out n search for these 4s
All your doctorams can come true if you have the courage to pursue them.
hungry o.0
Madison had his hands inside his shirt throughout the whole interview lol
Thank you, Nidal.
Invite from duolingo came through, first Spanish lesson went well, Stanford CS101 lesson is next
Completely agree about 3D.
Hoping this awful trend ends soon.
I'm at rabbit club with and we're talking.
It may take time, patience, listening,  decreeing to move on beyond your fears  doubts, to rise out of any valley of despair.
I feel ur pain all the way from Oregon.
What a disastrous game.
Thanks god Seattle at home next week!!
off to Atlantic City this weekend!!!
This whole week I'm not doing my hair like I always do TooLazy !
Walek principal Mary Beth Kissane sat on the Investor Relations Road Map panel at the Bond Buyer's 5013 Super Conference last month.
At what time of day was Adam born?
Just before Eve.
It was warm, now it's cold again.
Remedy: hot apple cider and bourbon.
Happy holidays!!!
So glad Directioners Are Sexy Carrots went off the list of Austin trends today.
Scary.
:P Hi Duncan.
3
Just recorded 3 teachers for our Classnotes podcast on STEM ed in high minority high school.
A: 68 of faculty from Notre Dame come to corp office  do lectures for our leadership team.
is being watched,
that kind of makes me want to birth my own baby wombats.
is that weird?
mister G da mooch.
what is the most powerful symbol of our age?
Took kids from my nonprofessort out to lunch with the Amazons SO FUN :D my kids n clients r krazy kool ;
Great weekend with new friends.
Hope you guys had fun
Happy Superbowl!
Any thoughts on who is going to win?
WhenAustin says I'll play one last song on ustream.
:
My kids got a huge kick out of seeing the live webcams of the waves on Surfline.
I am dying for a trip back to SoCal.
Counting the days.
Gross they suck.
yeah my steroid usin ass did say it you lil limp dick skinny ass trick.
wtf you gonna do about it crack head?
lol it wa a joke
Love weekends ..
Seeing Bad Teacher  going snorkeling ..
Then getting my hair did ..
8 sunshine to all
haha I'm glad you pointed out my stupidity!!!!!!!!
Love you
I feel soo tonight.
Cooking two porkbased dinners!
love hearing that.
Have rondo give em the work.
They don't want that problem
Thanks for the bday wishes !
Spending a nice day relaxing with my mom :
don't be mad!
Mostly I enjoy Death Cab for Cutie more now, because I think it probably makes Zooey Deschanel sad.
I've lent Billy Cundiff a few of my pumas to patrol his property until this all blows over  or when Kevin Gregg ruins Opening Day.
So is that Damn jingle they have in the commercial RT : : Miller 64 is gross very gross.
Radio news says Seattle Police Dept now has doctornes and that today's May Day demonstrations have the same chemistry as WTO riots.
Good Morning Twitter!
What's Up With Ya?
My redneck friend on marriage equalityif gays want to be as miserable as I was in marriage, have at it!
RT TonightCome Get ur Party On  24K The livest  SEXIEST Fri Night Goingnew record this aint water on deck
oh wow lol
you know it's been a rough night when my retainers are on my nightstand
whaddup lady!!!
you know i tend to dissappear lol!!
how r u??
Does rapid succession of named beers account for the Hopper nostalgia?
happy mothers day even tho ur not a mom yet!
Lol :p
Hahhahah I love her and I want to lose my virginity with her :
I honour you, , for not playing the skinny provocative sex object game.
I honour you for knowing your true value is your self.
Lost a family member:.
Fond memories but time to move on
bahahaha mines too , with her smart ass what's your sign ?
Wow Kevin na and his slowplay winning the players.
He's had the yips too.
Hope he wins
Got to go to Florida this summer.
Toast to craft beers at  RT this for a special EABF commemorative badge from
Twitter is boring...
I am a hopeless romantic.
Goodnight.
Phone off!
Move your feet to the rhythm of God's beat.
PATIENCE GRASSHOPPER!!
Flex spot non ppr.
L.
Robinson or Ogbonnaya
The best time to wear a G sweater is all the time.
I need something to do!
You know you should go to sleep when the sheep your counting start to hit the fence
Happy Valentines Day.
Getting cleaned up  ready to do work tonight w/ ,  SICK!
I honestly think my last words on earth will be  I wonder what this button does
Mad Shout out to Paul Dang  crew  720 Cafe 4 a delicious bruch w/ some righteous spinning sounds, spins,  vibrations for da body  soul.
cool!
gimme some feedback.
Di track should be on the radio in yard in the coming weeks!
Music makes me feel so good sometimes
Question for those of you who work with music: What artistaggregator do you use?
Do you recommend it?
Thanks for your input!
I'l be moderating the investigative news panel macmuckrakers for at 9:30 a.m.
If you're on Palomar's SM campus stop by SSC1
hi, it was your professorle website url under your twitter settings...not the actual twitter URL...oh well probably just a glitch
New Year's run...the most reliable rumors say four nights at MSG.
pretty sure running a stop sign/red light and getting hit by a care would kill it anyway.
you know ur leaving wburg when 30 skate/longboarders dart by wearing their obligatory hipster moustaches, skinny jeans  farm shirts
Yeah!
RT : Today is NYU Commencement Stadium  congrats Stern2012  all NYU grads!
I hate people who fart in line
We are lucky to have !!
He will fix the doctorps, and the haters can suck it!!!!!!!!!
GOPACKGO !!!
We both know i'm just one step from walking away, and if I leave i'm not coming back.
So prove you care by leaving it alone..
TwoDay Audition/Cold Reading Technique Workshop San Francisco Saturday  Sunday, January 16th and 17th 10am 5pm www.actorsintensive.com
Heading to the streets
Run, run little bunnies; old mean Elmer Fudd works at JFK airport, and he's gunning for you.
but for real, Mo's career shouldn't end like this.
As much as people hate on the yankees, Mo's the best in the game, hands down.
Trying on my you're fired!
face.
lost my glasses
yes I miss you guys!
Let's hangout soon :
I can't even say that once...
: first one in the new whip lol yacccceee!
well then you will have something to look forward to.
: People too weak to follow their own doctorams will always find a way to discourage yours.
RT : As a wellspent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death.
Da Vinci
This is also another example of why civil rights shouldn't be something left to the ballot box.
bucks with early lead in Orlando..of course it's the NBA and it doesn't mean much
is it cocktail hour yet?
Little text messages throughout the day really cheer me up :
Too much media and speculation...not enough evidence.
Follow us on facebook for additional updates on Las Vegas events rooms and shows
Adele is knocking it out of the park, again!
YouKnowYouredoctornkWhen you take a shit in the sink and then go wash ur hands in the toilet
If my kid was asked to read something ?able, I would ask to read it first, but let him/her and then discuss it.
WorstTimesToGetABoner being in a tent with ;D
it's ok.
That's the UL thing to do.
Success is not to be pursued; it is to be attracted by the person you become.
Jim Rohn
First volleyball game of the season tonight!
Get fired up team Amazeballs.
We'll miss you
.
having a blast at nelsym12!
Queer mla12 headed to Lobby Bar!
Dear callcenter dude.
I make the effort to say No, sorry, don't want it but thank you.
If you still persist, you deserve the rudeness.
not too shabby so far P
Today is National Chocolate Souffle Day
Ok i have gone to the dark side and gotten a twitter account.
this will be my last trivial message.
Happy Teacher Appreciation Day.
Today I'll advocate for more scripted lessons so u work less.
my Falcons bit the dust!!!
damn
We hope to see you there!
Ambassador Vineyard Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
good to go!
a little thirsty!
pickin' some this weekend!
He said it!
I never killed anybody, I never raped anybody, I never committed no crimes that weren't honorable.
Tupac Shakur
Everywhere I go I can't escape the smell of BBQ
Who was the lady singing in the commercial with elton?
Headache has gone from bad to worse.
Need to get rid of this now.
super steal of a deal.
FML my pants are still wet
yeah, like we didn't see the sexual harassment thing coming
the Mets are a terrible idea.
there's a new Madea movie coming out!
Im In Paris Boo!
Where U At...Meet/Greet ?
?
?
?
I just remembered ABDC came on tonight!
In a battle of the Bon's....I'll always go with Bon Scott
Donated over 24 older Toshiba laptops to salvationarmy, all with WiFi, DVD and tons of other goodies!
I hope it helps someone, somewhere.
If you retweet one of my tweet,ohmygrande...!
You are welcome.
Hope to see you in Atlanta
Sending you a ff shout out and thanks for the RT earlier this week!
Now you're just somebody that I used to know
Too damn hot today!!!
A few more days to name our Elk!
Best name gets 100 bar tab!
Hehe, valid point.
Give me reason but don't give me choice, cause ill just make the same mistake again.
Another student is working on a short this friday, commercial on saturday and starting on her 1st feature on monday!!thanks
Just brought my lotto tickets.
Lines are long.
Hope I win!
Got great things I want to do!
Haha.
I got worn out the other daywasn't til later I remembered I had a 12pak of batteries tucked in there.
Watching The Changling..
Creepy..love those old scary movies 3 love B rated sometimes to : blanky,lights out,cuddling ah
Its here!
Its here!
Its here!!!
openingday is here!!!!!
GOBREWERS!!!
Wahoo!
RT : it was absolutely amazing some of the best sushi ive ever had!!
Ill be making another huge order soon!!
1ofmymanyflaws my eyes .
If it's not loud with the windows down the music is not playing at all!!
And Sleeping With Sirens and Mayday Parade.
I love Fizzy Family 3 follow me please??
23
not really a fan of wshh.
but a big fan of your game!
Ooh, I didn't mean to put my name there....blonde moment, sorry!
River City,would you like to come see and hear some authentic Lynyrd Skynrd music???
Has more than 15,000,000 followers!
dang!
U ROCK : 3333333 Love ur bigger fan Ps, you go man widd those followers keep
Ah...Anne Curry...yeah, um, high waisted skirts don't translate as cute when you are sitting at an anchor desk.
RT : Life is good today in Goodyear AZ.
Play ball.
great way to spend a Friday.
Nice!
Way jealous here
Screw the Playoffs this Sat nite with live show feat CodeWhiskey acoustic set and The Smick Brothers 10pm 21 5.
Thank you AGAIN for spoiling my daughter with another Tshirt !!
GoBucksGo :
My boss is a selfproclaimed booty bounty hunter
Booked ABC's Primetime TV Show WHAT WOULD U DO?
filming Wednesday 7/20!
Look for me soon!
'fOrward' is a horrible campaign slogan if you're targeting job creators.
hint:
I see you mentioned ur engagement pics.
Congratulations!
FYI we are giving away a wedding veil on my blog if ur interested.
Board Certified and Fellowship Trained Orthopedic Surgeons take you through an IME clinical examination
Off work sitting in parking lot waiting on my nigga to come out listening to music got a lot on my mind!!
Smh
man, we have l4d2 but no one in the office will play it with me : maybe we could 2 boxes 4 players?
Imma see what my cousins doing this week and play cod mw3 over there
I hear you.
it's also good because he talks about organizing courses around inquiry.
I may have unlocked the Birdie Badge, but I opened with a triple bogey.
Ending the night with my longtime friend Benadoctorl.
Boo allergies!
Bill 21:Alberta WillsSuccession Act has changed.
Have your will reviewed to ensure there are no surprises.
Need a will?
Talk to me.
Thanks for the inspiration.
Your quote re: Lin we ache for real magic keeps echoing in my head.
Satellite of Love...
probably Saturday , before noon .
SuperImpaCtbootKamp!
Follow us on and tweet I WANT 1 FREE WEEK OF BOOTCAMP www.superimpactbootkamp.com
I hate when my stomach hurts like this
junior ring?
Ugh
Giving some away via Twitter later this afternoon.
might be nicer and just let you have them tho :
My reply is that except for when I was 3, I have never worn heels ever ;
: hey: What are some good songs?
I wonder if would do it.
She just moved to NYC but spent 5 yrs in PHX.
Want to do a PHX cityguide B?
Video: Interracial Dating: White Men Do Not Want A White Girl Who Dates Black Boys.White Girls Who Date Black Men Are Fat  Nasty
Family, God,  Honor.
I'm bout to work 8 days straight smh
happy thursday meridith and friends
no, hence why I bitch about her here
Very nice, ur a lucky man.
...
my beloved Broncos have a winning record AND it's almost Christmas!
It is inner stillness that will save and transform the world.Eckhart Tolle
So the martial law test was playing Paparazzi by Lady Gaga in background, on direct tv at least.
how appropriate.
I honestly haven't looked at my team once since we doctorfted
Just remember; someone loves everything you hate about yourself.
ThatAwkwardMoment when a condom or sexual commercial comes on T.V and ur parents are in the room O0
ps rudy reminds me a little bit of hufflepuff and by extension you
A major weakness of mine?
Staying grounded..
yes i just did IM impressed on how regular it is lmao nicki is usually crazy but I LOVES IT
I'm sorry, but I just don't understand the appeal of Instagram.
A cheesy way to post poor quality pics to twitter?
Well, it's 1 am and i'm still up...
on a school night.
IveBeenPlayingTempleRun :P goodnite 
the fact that i will be at millvale practice tomorrow  
Here comes a kid without his shoes says hes here for the show, 'sorry kid , chris doctorw's enough for this world!'
Brad Pitt scooped best actor at the New York Film Critics Circle Awards on Monday for his performance in Moneyball and Tree of Life.
Working on a group page and a like page as we speak.
A place where Talent from all around the world will get noticed.
awww we miss you too, but at least we don't open at midnight or something crazy...still 8AM5:30PM on Fri Nov.
25
New year resolutions failed in a row , as of jan 2nd.
hahahahahahaha that just made me lmbo
Making your car keys disappear
Good Morning Welcome to our twinning tweets  watch out for our competition to win 2 tickets to Last Night of Proms in Newark.
i hope is okaay!
hows your mouth?
I'll follow you back, will that make you feel better?
Thank you sir!
It is easy for me to love myself, but for ladies to do it is another question altogether
: Sad day bro...
Junior Seau found dead!
Good luck with your interview!
Thank you so much!
Happy Weekend!
RT FF Because she generous and funny!
what wink lol.
I'm great!
I'm pretty amazing actually : How are u Liza?
Agreed.
The spare tire really makes it special, and the gold plating ups the class.
It's Aloha Friday and we're thinking there's no better time to book a massage at Ho'ola Spa than right now!
Are you in?
The government spends tax money on the most ridiculous shit.
Chrome: Fastest on Macs, Favorite on Weekends?
if you could go anywhere in the world, where would you go?
21
: Okay I might.
So nervous for this ranger game anxiety they better win
NW John Carter
man twitter deleted us as friends cuhz where dw do that at????
Thank you for the great food at TEDxSummit at
Jumping in headfirst!
Squee!
Hello, wonderful weekend!
Saturday morning at the Lowertown farmer's market, followed by a swim.
Productive start to the day  I like it.
Enjoyin my new fone just a tad bit more
What we must decide is how we are valuable rather than how valuable we are.
Edgar Z.
Friedenberg
RT : It's just a matter of time, 'til you find, he's no good, girl.
Carrie Underwood
Friday in Vegas!
Who's getting crazy?!?!
Carter is working us to the bone right now.

At Mt.
Vernon a visitor asked where's the mountain?
When told there isn't one she asked then where are the faces?
nigga idc about what Jc tells you while you give him dome.
I wish I was going to the game tonight !
Oh well I'll watch it on tv!
blackandyellowpride !
hates it when the people who should be tryin' to make your life easier are the ones who are makin' it harder!
We'll be rocking Carne Cruda Classic COMPLETE tonight at Disco Volante
did nick follow u
first outdoor practice today.
Now the REAL season starts
y havent u looked me up.
Ive called, but to no avail....silence.
I would but I have a shoot in the city at 3.
Nothing caps off a workout at the gym like pancakes and swine.
Willie B what's good!
Plectrum's next monthly SingerSongwriter Showcase Series will be held on Thursday 11311 starting at 8pm at Club Bohemia downstairs at th
In an effort to fill your home with the sounds of the holiday...join us on WFYI 90.1 FM  tomorrow at 8pm for Festival of Carols.
Go ahead lol its not like they are watching you, hell if you can go on stage and preform then you can doctorve hAHA
Union Rags, Creative Cause, Alpha, Sabercat are my 4 ponies 
is awesome!
Thanks for following
Trying out a way to cover my wrist tattoo but now it feels like its covered in itchy tape
thanks for the great insights you gave at the crowdfunding meetup at the Santa Monica Apple Store.
Great stuff!
Just started Buried Secrets today, expecting another great book from
A heartbreak is a gift from god.
It's just his way of letting you know he saved you from the wrong one 3
lol!
: Told the cat I'd buy her a diamondstudded litter box if I won the megamillions.
lyingtopets
Off topic, but CM Ashby is looking slim and trim.
Not sure what last 10 lbs she's talking about!
I'm sleeping while my moms texting and doctorving....
Lemme wake my ass up
hey joe what's up.
My fam havin a super bowl party then.
We should get up soon
You never know as much as you think you do
I am getting so dark from the sun!
Im about to be chocolate instead of orange, my native Mexican color!
when will you set up a night event?
I could doctorve up and hang for a bit.
Thanks so much for coming out to hear us!
We'll forward the compliment on to Paige.
:
All packed up and leaving.
Good bye BSU, hello summer.
Scum of the earth, to all of the slime.
Just because I'm fucking earning what's mine.
Chronicle is a crazy movie!
I wish I had powers that would be pretty cool
i know u aint talkin bout me...
last time I checked Ninja isnt 2 workds..
so uh uh uh hush.
A positive mind brings nothing but positive things good afternoon everyone
Hey haha ya I figured that out after I sent that!!
AWESOME I will follow them!!!!
A block away from the fire there was a triple shooting.
Oh, this will be an interesting night on the ambulance.
BiblioBazaar: a nontraditional publishr with almost as many 2009 titles as all the traditional publshrs combined http//tinyurl.com/y3f38c5
This is a test...
TY!
SafeTY is not an accident.
A wins a win in the playoffs..and we were up by double digits the whole gm until the end
Best battle rappers RIGHT NOW.
DNA, TSU SURF, CHARLIE CLIPS.
nobodys fucking with them
Such an absolutely beautiful day today in Vegas.
I am so so so thankful.
Which lines have been running infrequently?
We have gotten almost no complaints.
I will gladly work on this with some direction
The waiting game sucks, but I do like making informed decisions about my health.
please follow she is you biggest fan!10
I hope Gov.
Christi got to stop at Mars Cheese Castle as a reward for stumping for
It doctorves me crazy that flickr's Sign Up link is pink and not the Sign In link.
I nearly click it every time.
Fresh Kid Ice reporting for RT : Update: Report of Derrick Rose's injury was premature; his status is unknown
I hate seeing friends taken advantage of.
we're looking for more!
Paid positions for sales.
Send good candidates our way!
WVU is going to allow beer sales during games...this is going to end badly lol.
They say snow in NYC today.
Maybe.
I'd be pleased if they'd turn on the heat.
So would the cats.
Lastest IM Reviews Posts HDE 7 Tablet Stand with USB Keyboard  Black Faux Leather Carrying Case
I need to do something different with my hair 
not my horse, he's a friend of the family's horse.
But I believe he has some thoroughbred n him!!
He's sweet!
GM, Happy Wednesday  Happy Lets get focused day b/c the week is almost over with
hey sexy, u should dm me sometime
GAY PEOPLE, IS THE REASON WHY I BREATHE.
How was ur dayy;  do you remember me from the greet and meet in Chicago?
Tweet bck pleasee
In class watchin somebody help me!!!...
Love when people don't call me back on days I have to shoot news packages!
Makes my job so much easier.
Let the right one in is a good vampire movie.
What makes it scary is that its in Swedish so everyone sounds like theyre talking backwards
They Have To Find Out Who Kidnapped Me First.....
What a nice day it is...great day for some baseball
Awhhhh: Thanks you!
3 Austin love you too though, he loves all his Mahomies!!:
Direct Message Us for Discounts at MusicalStop.com !
The one Stop shopw for Independent Artists!
Tip of the day: it is hard to see the bright side of things when the sun is not out.
you ARE love, darling.
Everytime I think of that 2 girls  1 Cup video I want to throw tha f up
and to anyone who thinks i look like her is nuts lol
My name is Edmond, it's nice to meet you both.
I found out the name of the song it's called midnight city by M83 justsaying hahaha :P
I am cravin' a burger!
RT will be at tonight!
We hope to see you all there.
Three Words: Three Words: Three Words: Three Words: Three Words: Three Words: Three Words: Three Words: Three Words: Three Words:
YT has search opportunities not available anywhere else.why do news orgs insist on deathgripping on to their content?
control?
Only took me three times.
That's pretty good!
come on MIA is a bad girl!!
I 3 her
Thank you for the RT!
At the Hannah house to celebrate 's birthday...again.
That's what she gets for having a busy cousin  3 birthdays!
I arrive Wed: reception at 5:30.
Thurs: panel at 10 AM: Girls with Grit.
Signing at 3 PM, TLA Aisles TXLA12.
If you see me say howdy.
haha I know...
and it sees frequent use.
But paid for it so my lifetime boycott is in tact.
Lávate los dientes!
brush your teeth!
Thats good to hear :
You will seek me and find me when you seek me with all your heart.
I will be found by you, declares the Lord...
Jeremiah 29:1314
Entire paragraph one sentence and no punctuation.
Brb dying on the inside
I do not understand hoarding!
Boozer can get that all night!
Step it up Booz!
Be sure to stop by the movie tonight, guys!
:
The kids these days are calling it swag I call it trillness RT : be prepared to be ragged on for days
Looked up publisher info from my vegetarian and allergy cookbooks today.
Good info to know!
: if you have a moment, and I just sent you an emissive and could really use your input!
Merci bien!
they haven't been out of 1st rd since 1997 RT : Ecuador losing to Brasil.....
lol that was expected tho.
Let's Go Sixers
hope everything goes good
Cinco De Mayo...wow, what a day it will be.
Join us tomorrow for 1 House Margs and our special Taco Pizza.
RT : Achieving starts with believing.
Unknown quote RT
HEYHEYHEY!
I love you too :
how do private investors get in on this
I love the original Highlander movie.
ah...not really...just slightly more endearing than that.
But only slightly ...
haha.
I would LOVE to hear wits every weekend.
Maybe it will be the successor to PHC?
Left early from school :
Twitter  Ideas  Collaboration  brilliant.
Any PDX local biz that wants approx 10002000 new customers let me know!
Love to connect!
Nope.
Not what I mean at al.
ur link is dubious  it does not go to my content  please stop spamming the genealogy and 1940census community!
bieber is mine
OL500 and IT500.
We need to register in the same class this week !

VERY BUSY DAY TODAY!!
I WILL BE TAPING A NASHVILLE LATIN XPRESS CHRISTMAS SPECIAL.
STAY TUNED FOR FURTHER ANNOUNCEMENTS ON THIS...
It's that time again!
Make your way down now because Family Night has started.
When you purchase and Adult Entree get a free 4pc.
Kids...
Orioles say C Ya 2 bust Brad Beregesen.
Just 1724 w/ team.
Most remembered 4 blowing out arm in commercial.
Marty Cordova lol  that
sunny nails
RT : Don't forget to register for New Wave of Journalism, SPJ regional conference.
Early bird discount ends Mar 30....
hustlas move bricks , gangstas bang hammers .
Morning everyone have a great day today
Hey Everyone!
Hope your New Year is off to a great start!
I'm personally looking forward to a promissing 2012.
on naming doctornks  the bar
Doug Wood D.O., Senior VP  Academic Affairs, awards John Crosby with honorary degree from ATSU.
Bishop is touching and agreeing with the destiny that God has for your life.
starting a movie making project for my kids based on the book they read...
any suggestions?
Hello NashaRashaNYC Followers have a great day!
tell Tammy her favorite nephew said happy birthday!!
I LOVE this story so much your so awesome at making stories!!!:D
hey sweety!
How are you?
really!
it was actually sunny on mine, my friend had her eyes closed when he took the photo, its so funny!
How do you send an automatic direct mention to new followers?
pray about it then it might happen
when I ask for a favor there should never be a why like past the salt, some one say ''why?'' BITCH WHY NOT !
!
You should use that quote during our panel on the 15th.
Uuuugghghgh this is why i hate trains!
I hate those doctorams that are so very plausible in reality then you wake up thinking it really happened.
Annoying!
Awww ....
So sorry I wasn't what you expected!
...
lmfao
let's go watch a movie:D Me,you,your boyfriennnmabe my lover:b If he's not mad at me.
you could of asked nicer you fuckin jerk 
I got something epic.
Couldn't lock down the end.
It has strong character roots.
working at BTS exhibit at Transportation Research Board conference all day.
I don't know what it is about flying , but I always feel safer.
And yay for a halffull plane!
California, here I come.
TGIF!
Have a good day everyone!
Or just Cabin In The Woods is fine.
:
RT : Not a serif font to be found here.
:
kayla, don't we all ?
Ok, you sound good, yo.
Thank you.
Really.
This is my FAVORITE CURE SONG.
If I've been playing campaign offline due to online issues, will my ranking stats still load up on multiplayer online?
you sure?
threading rope through my fingers
Aw!
thank you mister Hudson.
: RT : Happy bday to the sweetest person ever ;
Fine guess i'll eat some cereal without you.
You are not in this world to live up to other peoples expectations, nor should you feel the world must live up to yours  F Perl.
Can't wait for Midnight in Wilmington at the DCCA!
Hi saw you tonight
Live.
Now.
Listen.
www.iphoneslutz.com  iPhone app reviews from people who know and love apps.
YES!
Are u guys enjoying it so far??
between classes....wokin' on my REAL master plan...
Give us 3 years of Romney,  he'll put Bush's recession 2 shame.
1 will feast on th misfortunes of the mid class,  O will not rescue us.
see you all on the dark side of the moon :
Finally started watching Planet Earth.
It's incredibly awesome.
initiative The biggest lesson bands/artists can learn.
Get out there and make it happen for yourself.
No one can hand you success.
: hope so.
Yeah they are contracting the former operations manager to come in and train me for a few saturdays.
I'm on my..
I'm just going to send my hologram to work in my place for the rest of the week.
He's the other half amazing.
rite here boo
so 2 stories to tell you already
This one belongs to the Reds!!!!
Thanks to everyone who braved the cold weather and stopped by our booth at the Ohio Baseball Coaches Convention!
Thanks so much for the RT!
Enjoy!!!
Kevin
YUM!
Try it with SPORTea too for a little different taste
Getting the MAJOR runaround from our travel broker.
Meanwhile, we're stuck in Bangkok.
Why is it that a few weeks before school starts is when summer really begins ?
that's the first time i've been called that before...
does anyone doctornk tuaca in this state?
We are going, so if you happen to be in town...
More rain!!
Ah
HAPPY BDAY TO
Take care to reduce any inflammation you may have due to allergies.
Mint is very good for this, in strong tea.
Who got me on a wake up call though?
You shoulda seen JaVale before media training...
he was cussing and screaming...
it was sad...
RT Ever heard of media training?
HA!!!
RT : I swear virtual meetings  me not paying attention...
until they call my name then I ask them to repeat the question lol
And I thought biggestloser was your favorite show RT : getting ready to watch breaking bad!!
Threadbare old tomcat Snores all spring in the rocker Mewing like a child
What happened to the chick from TacoCat?
i will be broke after graduation lol oh gosh either way im excited for six flags :
Haha RT : I Cried When Knicks Fans Thought They Was Gone Win !
ok.
Cool.
I'll let you know the time can come to
in my office watching old episodes of Cheers and Laverne and Shirley
Aww, thanks so much, love!
did a great job and he picked it out by himself!
:
i have 5 more lazy Minutes fuck off !
alright well I'll be there at about 830 or 9
Pieces of Me Book 2You're going to love it!
Now available on Amazon.com and www.lewhagood.com
the bullpen is spectacular!
me and my friends know these aren't the same Orioles :
Good morning everyone
LOL...she did.
The, Daddy you said...
line shuts me down every time.
Then it becomes...just do what I asked.
LOL.
Pretty sure I wanna fuck forever love
Thanks for your help Joel, Have him follow me and I'll give him all the info.
We'll take good care of him.
Hey Cleveland history folks, any insights/materials on the Hanna, Roxy, and Lyceum theater bombings in the 1970s?
art class swag :
Good music, good people, good weather, good day at the Riverdale MD Arts Fest...thank you for your hospitality
My moms car battery died while she wasn't even using it.
A lazy Saturday off.
I'll let all the doctornken 'woo Vegas' yokels have the blackjack tables to themselves today.
:
Oh no you didn't bitchh
ya buddy!
Celebrating 2 year anniversary and seeing my 2 month old nephew.
hooray!
my boyfriend is the best...related: I am overjoyed to be going back to this year.Lemme know if you will be there.
Yesterday I learned a lesson that's sinking in: Sometimes you can't redeem yourself you just have to let go.
I'm becoming a grownup!
lmao omg i forgot all about that !
who was that girl i cant remember who it was lol.and we have so many memories its cray
Also reading bell hooks's Teaching to Transgress which is so illuminating.
Helps inform my style of pedagogy as collaboration w/ students.
actually this is false.
There is no one named Qwert Yuiop
Hey  I have an extra ff ticket for tomorrow.
Free if you want it.
check out the great music on www.livefromdarylshouse.com !
epic collaborations
I just gave someone on the street directions!
I apparently live here for real now!
hey I heard everything went great!
Congrats and keep me posted when audio becomes available!
That inner blonde moment when the article of clothing you're looking for is on your body.
Celtics in 5.
Unless Rondo gets thrown out, then the Celtics will sweep,
I vote yes.
New Opportunities come your way!
The time difference is killing me this AM.
It also could've been the shots...
April 14, 6pm, CUNY Grad Center: Martin Schain, Explaining Transatlantic Differences in the Immigration Debate.
Still have it in stores I think :
super yummy!
Thanks for writing about it!
Amare's braids are controlling his mind.
That's why he punched that glass.
Ayo Nation..Stand Up!
And back to you I'm fucking obsessed with UnderTheMistletoe it gives me a
Thank You for making my friend 's day by singing Happy Birthday to her.
You made her cry!
Rain rain go away.
Come again  never!
Why is it that every barista has better handwriting on the side of a cup than i do on paper!
whatsyoursecret!
I miss Whitney Houston so much!..
Random thoughts, SPARKLE...
A Winner  A Classic....Love u Whitney!
Good Morning Lisa.
Thanks for bringing this to our attention.
Are you able to confirm what event this is happening to?
Wow.
I have a daily cheat as long as it fits in my macros and calories.
I even behave on holidays.
of course  ate our brownies.
I'll see them Thursday!
Today is a great day to SMILE!
Sometimes all you need to do is shift your focus to get a different result.
did you say free mulch??
where???
So excited for the FMM Innovation Summit tomorrow w/ and !
I've got screw you alarm clock covered!
Just watched the recap video on Congrat , on your induction into the International Sports Hall of Fame.
Great story!
Don't play the game if all you're going to do is lose.
are you guys gonna be on warped this year??
:
I have so much of this constant want of satisfaction on my mine, and I WONT STOP TILL I GET IT TEAMMILITANT I WANNA GO
1 more follower for 300 so keep following : i follow back :
what now?
Nj bound?
lol wat kind of bs language is that
Thanks for the follow!
Hope you enjoyed the conference.
I love skittles 3
I got a new book and I can't seem to put it down.
That's the problem with slathering one's hands with rubber cement before touching things.
It's cherry blossom season in DC!
Watching Family Guy...stupid funny lol
After watching this interview, I believe I just developed a lot respect and admiration for
hahaha I called it out of curiosity....busy tone!
;P
I kno a few who r bi p  r crazy as fuck cuz they don't take there meds my guess is bipolar schitsophrenic w dilusional lol
...
A wonderful evening for certain for those who are able to attend!
How did i NOT KNOW that was on twitter?
Oh no.
Suggs tore his achilles playing basketball.
No CES for me this year.
If you're going, hope you enjoy it.
We're like dominos I fall for you but you fall for another.
doctornking a perfect for cold weather Storm King.
Bought my second case of it this winter yesterday to close out the cold weather
I need 3 friends over ..1 bring a blender 2 bring tequila 3 bring margarita mix LOL
Eh but ..
No pain no game right ?
rbs11 tells the long  fascinating story of recovery of Gibson's epoem Agrippa.
Google online archive of agrippa.
Sitting in NY wondering about civil society builders in Pakistan.
Came upon a mindblowing org called T2F.
dying to chat with you!
Great read, Diane!
Now if we get rid of Terry Grier at HISD and his VAM garbage that district can get rid of another vampire.
I love 3
Good luck to student's starting classes today.
Hope Hurricane Irene didn't cause too many delays.
Inside job: U.S.
track39;s CEO search finally ends
Great news!
I'm now accepting credit card payments.
Powered by www.squareup.com.
Square is safe and secure.
i love this day
YaHyUh...cant wait 4 V  M to get BEAT THE FK UP...!
lol talking all that jUnk!hahahahaha
And Oscar jumped on the bed an I got up an jumepd off my bed and the stupid arch framein my room And I hit my hand
i love that face!
xD
It's really sad how most of y'all are making fun of being pregnant.
It's her life so stfu!
Lolls : Yes i Love that Name .
But Wassssssssupppp Today ?
Activists: Despite truce, Syria troops attack Homs  The Associated Press
I miss my phat mama
We are gonna have to spend every day together!
Today was priceless!!
:
So I'm turning in early this morning.
Mixing and mastering my new singleMakin' Love Soon to be available for Download,
happy birthday wishes to looking forward to the sunsetsessions keynote conversation with this am.
My nose seems determined to go all ' code milky green' on me.
aww thanks  happy belated to you TaurusSister :
Feeling alone..
The Army's up the road.
Salvation a la mode and a cup of tea..
thank you : 3
I will shoot her a call, I have no voicemails from her.
just a warning: my next few tweets will be about the thunder and mavs game.
Grouposts is coming...
Amazon will let me create an instance with bad account information, but they won't let me connect to it?
Good luck!!
He will!
she made my day with that :
Free downloads this week!!!
:
Listened to Blue Slide Park twice so far.
Think it's great!
Great job Mac!
The Occupy Your Mind is amazing!
Everyone check out 's tour mates,  !
:
I DONT HATEE ON BOY'S WITH TRAMP STAMPS
Never give in to those who bully U.
Always stand by UR convictions always support who work beside U.
Never 4get 2 respect whose taught U.
In my J Cole bag;
wow, can't wait to hear about how it goes this time...
I'm seriously considering it when I can afford it!
ShOw YouR MoM some Love!
MothersDay gift cards available,
If I'm already over my data limit, what will happen if I occasionally get on twitter without wifi?
Don't miss my waronwomen ad, Fighting Back running tonight on CNN  MSNBC.
Watch out between 6:30 and 10:30 tonight.
The things I do 4 him he just don't understand or do the same it's like he's not there 4 me anymore 
Jst Got Dat Take Care  Cole World
my bad
the toilet scene in dumb  dumber always kills me...watching it now.
heh.
FF Thanks for mentions, retweets:  all great resources.
I'm thinking about getting some Keds.
Hmm.
yea I saw
LUCASS YOU FUCKINNGG AWESOMMEE IF YOU RETWEET THIS YOU WILL MAKE MY YEAR!!!
ONLY ONE BUTTON!
When I said 'death' before 'dishonor', I meant alphabetically.
When's you birthday?
By all means!
Mighty kind of you, thanks!
I've until we launch down river on June 16
So now would be a bad time to brag about getting to go home and hack some C for my Friday night?
Cuz I'm excited about it.
You're too sweet!
RT : thank you once again solidifying why you are the
My camera/s will be in SD, and I will be in LA this weekend.
That is a good thing.

keep doing what you do  PatriotsNation is proud of you!
See you in September!
Ambassador Ebrahim Rasool: globalization has brought great inequality to those who are not qualified to participate
hey man, happy holidays!
I'm ready for our track meet today!.
Happy MarathonMonday!
We'll be live tweeting our runners' locations all day!
Hi Kelly.
Thanks for the follow.
mentioned you in a song I wrote!
Details soon!!
You rock!
Today Has Been Fucken Amazin!
I Never Seen So Much Talent In One Room Among Teens Which Pushes Me Even More.
I just checked in at The Falls on
i miss you too 3
I Takes A Lot 2 Say I Care N Less 2 Say I Don't Give A Fuck.
its freaking ridiculous!!!!
WHO SAY DAT MY GOONZ AIN'T SHOOTING ...
WHO SAY THAT THE REAL NIGGAS DNT SALUTE ME !!!
Is today an a b or c day
I would never!
Omg it's so nice out you better be on that bike :p
Happy Birthday to me...my tweethearts!
Hope everyone had a great time this past weekend!
Make sure to keep doctor on your rides this week!
Yup was right Candy Chang was the sleeper presentation of the caprsa conference!
Damn you sports radio.
Damn you!
definitely the time zones.
Also I sort of chepovetskied, didn't even tweet yesterday!
Tomorrow?
When girls come into my life i usually don't give em the time of day, but you were different.
To bad you walked away
i can install the full version of MSO pro , reply if interested
Bumble Bee Blazer from yes
sending you a hug
Aww Happy Birthday !!!
I love you so much!!
Its amazing how the only mate I can rely on and trust is Ashleigh.
Hi!!
Miss you too!
biking right down from Soros Land.
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
are you post rapturing in KC or Detroit?
: If you're talking about Thompson's Point of View's old spot, that would be The Neighbor Lady.
Same owner of Twilight.
okay i'm back
Back into the world of Hammock.
Awesome!
Will do just waiting for the mixdown...
I know!!
Its blowing me away!!
I was swimming last weekend, now I need to go back and pull out winter clothes!
Ha!
Some sad stuff of how now I finished my homework and studying
Live n relive the rev in my doctorams
16 years but he still declining as he should with age But it's hitting Wade earlier cuz of the beating he took going way back
whats next is you go shopping and get a new hair do.
: One of these days I'm gonna take 100 and buy all the candy I want at the Sweet Factory.
Change that to taco bell..
Internet isn't working and a technician has to come out.
Yay.
That was cool.
Didn't realize they were all up for sale.
Wow.
Remember when it was the Seven Gables chain?
love curry ANYTHING.
wi, nw, and minn, appealed together to have burst able to change, choose uw.
Need a court reporter for depositions in Milwaukee Wisconsin?
Brown  Jones has complimentary conference rooms with HD videoconferencing.
The essence of cinema is editing 
...
Free life coaching.
It seems that mindset is such a great barrier!
Rumors?
impressive bitch.
at least you're spreading something other then your legs.
So is no1 answering my calls today?
If you want something bad enough.
Get on out there and hate the sh out of it.
...this is so inspiring tear ty dane robbins :D
girl Ikr!
Mine felt good bc I had some like real nappy roots!
stop assuming shit .
witcha insecure ass .
She who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
looking for dinner suggestions that can be delivered..
I am a friend of Jann Scott.
I worked with him closely for over 10 years in the '80s and '90.
I like him a lot.
Thank you.
That's great!
We should sponsor some events together in the near future.
Wonderful show tonight, I loved the living room talk.
It made my day.
:
CTU supports impact of art on learning.
We say longer school day can help bring art to all.
http3A2F2Fbit.ly2FjHDQS4
what a beautiful day in Seattle...
Dog walk is on the radar.
Yeah, I'm mad that I had their other album on my dead laptop iTunes...
so listening to older one.
Brilliant.
You can't be the same height as me and expect to be wearing the pants.
Splintering of formats erodes universality of access per in order to take advantage of advanced, varied platform capabilities.
well it's cold in here so you know what that means.
I dont even want to finish watching the game.
Ive been sad all day,  watching them lose is just making it worse.
what'd they say?
ik do u also pee in a coconut
And in this fashion I continued to learn to be an electrician
RT : Biz Dev...How do you expect to grow your business if either you never answer the phone or don't return phone calls?
Cool I'll check it out :
Tired of being the bad guy
what time does the game start on the west coast?
Heats vs knicks
great articles art, places  ad's  What's new  that I should pick up or see this week?
like Cool mags..
online blogs...
If you facilitate a seminar discussion on zines, you gotta make one with your classmates.
Experiential knowledge is a feminist act, y'all.
Pray for Haiti
We like the hashtag fridayreads, except here it's also
I am not much of crier.
I teared up but I wasn't sobbing.
Although it's Friday the 13th, you're in luck...Get 15 off when u mention misterills!
Borrowing library assumes responsibility for items from the time it leaves lender until it gets bach to lender.
lets get it booming
Thanks.there is a reason our program won the most games in 22yrs.
You want players to believe in u then u have 2 show u care
I would totally pay for one like that.
Today, it was just good fortune.
Everybody knows sweet cream tastes better, right?
oomf should literally just not be apart of oomf's life anymore.
yeah buddy !
Wait , your doiing track oO ?
Reached out 2 you on Freedomisterders.
Not sure if you are a member of cultureID.
If not, pls join  write abt
you want history?
Derby County is one of the original founding teams of the FA.
Teaching 8am class this morning
Beiber looks stoned.
Not having met either in person, I think looks like
I agree RT : Definitely make sure you have the facetoface contact, not just emails, to introduce new staff to clients!
Those lines on my back window are heated???
What the fuck...
raw10 NCAA makes Billions of  off of Student athletes, but if student tak any , there r severe penaltys.
If this isnt Pimpin, what is it?
Mae back huh?
Mase said after that studio pic surfaced last wk he got a Maybach, a Maybach chain and 20 beats from Kaynye..dats love
My throat hurts.
..
Lars thinks he looks cool rolling the peace sign backwards  horizontally.
Maybe you'll look cool too?
Give it a shot.
thankyou for the kind words!
Hope you can hit some shows when you visit
TODAY from 3:30  4:30 in the Commons join Reforma for their El Salvador Labor Conditions talk!
BUST THAT PUSSY OPEN FROM THE BACK
24 Hours Until Tax Day: 7 Reasons We Procrastinate
Follow Me  Then ill Follow Bck :
Trying to decide between a travel destination for next Fall.
London, Boston, New York or Austin?
Ah, why can't I be in four places at once.
Sibu know she is ROCKIN her weight loss success!!
She has only been apart of the SBC family since January.
HAVE...
Leg 17 done!
An absolutely gorgeous day in Vegas!
then you are even!
Happy Birthday 69 GeorgeHarrison Rest In Peace.
Pulitzer?!?
is a rag and nothing more than a trashier version of People magazine.
Hormone headaches  Lucifer's contribution to the creation of women.
curling up in a ball and never moving.
Tailgating of the future is here.
www.slyderfootball.com
thank you, that would be wonderful!
How should we get the info to you?
Email?
Tweet me Mikey and i'll tweet Mikey for you!
RT : I find it hard to be around people who aren't enthusiastic about the things they love.
Im glad and i can relate.
Either someone is breaking in or my dog is chewing on the house now.
Guess she ran out of bushes and flowers to eat..
hah i want a rabbit
Absolutely need more pencil ready projects started in iur nation!
aia2012 Every 1 in buildings is 20 Americans working!
Last night out n about wit ma bitchez 
We are on pace for me to talk for 10 minutes.
Love demeanor and patience.
Time to roll.
Taking reservations today for auto repair or oil changes for the upcoming week.
I come to your office, home of buisness.No mess!
Learnin bout some soul music!
Great stuff!
have you talked to Sam?
And more!
I'll be passing on Practical Veterinary Urinalysis...
Meeting with to discuss next months Keith's Corner doctornk!
Find out more when our site goes live in December!
Then what do you do when terrorized by Killer Rabbits?
How About a rep meeting if we are already following is that possible?
Oh  I don't wanna hear divorce is contributing to bankruptcy!!
My godfather Tom Joyner been divorced TWICE and is still sittin on 50 mil
First dates are awkward, first kisses are heavenly, first loves irreplaceable, first heartbreaks are unforgettable
holy.
cow.
cabin.
in.
the.
woods.
RIPJuniorSeau but I feel even more sorry 4 his kids
Cubs beat the Red Sox today, it's always a good day when the Cubs win!!!
Help!
I need my reading glasses to see what strength my reading glasses are.
I'm so glad its almost Friday .
yes haha.
so NOW I'm going to sleep.
Tweet you tomorrow :
And don't worry about tiny Dinah getting bullied.
I went to art school.
I was one of the cool kids.
i found you....now send for me, please....
That you made an excellent first impression
I don't know y'all but dudes a baller, period.
On a team full of playmakers stands out
Justin Mellette doctorps some knowledge and moderates the Harlem Renaissance roundtable.
To this doctorft PC 2012 get money stay out of Trouble....please Kirkpatrick my dude....
Allot of top qbs still there and linemen wow....diff
Thank you.
You will be a great mom.
You have a great mom that you have learned from.
You will see :
Even greater than my desire to never be a sales person, is my desire to not be sold to.
Noticed same thing at midday even on weekdays.
Whole diff experience to be only person in line at security.
I'm glad soccer coaches don't wear headsets like NFL coaches...makes them look they can't make decisions without asking somebody else.
just met 's Eric.
Cool dude.
Great ESB.
amanda show!
I honestly can not stop listening to your version of Perfect.
doctornking wine spo dee o dee :
Remember, detachment is just letting go with love.
TODAY, MARIETTA SQUARE....GOING ON NOW.....WINGS AND ROCK FEST.
Might be on my way.
Can't wait to see 8: The Mormon Proposition when it hits theaters next week  www.mormonproposition.com
Why are Cheddar Bob and the Cylon robbing banks?
Lol deion better hand me some sesame place tickets since he work there now 
HAPPY EASTER EVERYONE!!!
Have a GREAT DAY tomorrow!
Find those eggs and bring a bunch over at my place, lol!
HAPPY EASTER ALL!!!
:
Jancis says she is really enjoying Twitter  she's almost to 100k followers.
Thanks Scrap.
My Uncle, James Chizzie Vuono wanted me to say hello.
where you headed to now reverend?
I think your Twitter account has been hacked  I just got a strange DM from you.
Well I need to wash clothes so i got some thongs to wear for tomorrow lmao
C'mon UNITED!!!
We can do this!!
Thanks Debra...I get to celebrate for 5 more days?
Woo hoooo..lol
lol.
gotcha...will hit you in a few...
Chiana:I apologize in advance for what you are going to have to do to get your diamond ring back.
Get it in my dudes!
INLegis smokefree exemptions turn nursing homes into needmorenursing homes.
Sick air  more sick care.
According to Facebook now has 901 million users.
Wow!
teenwolf fan forever  always 
welcome I like chicks In of shirts
Tuesday Sports Fix IRA a serious Olympic threat, Carney close to Origin debut, Muamba discharged, and a crazy NHL brawl.
Get your Sports
I AM The I AM That I AM
I think things would be easier is we could fly :D
At OccupyDOJ, on mcing the event, calling for an end to mass incarceration
tell me I'm the best rite now
Want to know how to find your next home in 7 days or less GUARANTEED?
18007317041 ext.
0017
: People who wait 3 hours to reply to a text with lol should be shot.
Is Aubrey really leaving?!
:0 Don't stumble on the way out Dearie.
Had coffee today and got my wall st paper.
Thanks for sharing our deal.
Thoughts about the service so far?
Stories on every NFL team in 1 placeUSSportspages.com
thank you for the rt!
substantial.
I am in you.
Did I really waste this much paper on an ap course description?!
HAHAHAHA!
RT : Facebook is down.
Expect a huge spike in births in nine months.
vermont syrup...
grade B  or at least DARK AMBER
just saw the bayou.
nothing is left.
it's gone.
The fact that I have another year left in school aggravates me.
bynum, what was up with your shoddy PnR defense?
uh what?
um i can't hear you next question
if you mess up, he might beat you.
Did he see The Color Purple?
That counts too.
There goes the 2012 doctorft.
supposed to.
Hope you guys luck out of it too!
Beauty is not caused.It isEmily Dickinson
It looks like rain
All three of our lawyers have been named top attorneys in Washington, D.C.
and Maryland's Super Lawyers magazine for 2007, 2008 and 2009.
Back to my quiet house for some Netflix and a bowl of cereal.
This is my life.
Political Philosophy: From Plato to Mao  Perfect handbook.
Locke, Confusius, Hobbes, Smith, Marx, and many more!
Talking sports w Jason n Deb in a few.
Tune in to hear Deb tune out.
Plug your electronics into power strips.
A real man gives his girl the attention she deserves, gives her all of his love, calls her beautiful, and treats her like a queen.
I look forward to being in the presence of you and this summer.
Miss yallls strange understanding of the other...
My single what?
RT : RT if your Single 
Cool?
Gotta link?
do you have an American importer?
Stop being a bitch.
God damn.
Thanks for the RTs.
Have a great weekend!
Next stop is Three Sisters Vineyards on June 35!
It's an awesome event near Dahlonega, Georgia.
It says you're not following me sniff
Type Let it Snow into Google, your browser ...
it gets snowy.
stay asking ppl to Skype and oovoo but but be mad if i say hi to another female
chillin with would be crazy.i would learn so much.
I guess seeing him on the stage tonight will be good.
Follow me for discounts on auto repair and oil changes.
I come to your office or business in oklahoma city
everybody is kung fu fighting, everybody is fast as lightning.
o OH OH O
if i worked for Target i'd be at a meeting today with shakira, faith hill, renee zellweger and black eyed peas to boot
nice story on Pinterest.
You know I love the site
Martha!
I replied to your tweet last week, but I guess it was saved as a doctorft on my phone : I live in OB on cape may  froude
Looking forward to it!
BURGER TIME!
Come grab our Scampi Shrimp burger or a burger with smoked salmon!
just got done listening to Weird Al Yankovic  Skipper Dan and it was a good song
Sims game as metaphor for poverty.
Players get caughtup in wanting increasing reality instead of getting the feeling of poverty.
Doing my best to send my obnoxious neighbor happy thoughts, because if she were at peace she probably wouldn't be obnoxious...not working!
thanks for RT Janni I think that is one of the best chapters in the book  excellent for teaching!
Making throwing up noises while I walk past you..
You're fucking mature.
I'd like for you tell me something to my face.
Yeah thought so.
So ladies, here's a tip: Don't have sex with Ryan Braun.
When you buy a song or cd you are in some way making him money, so in essence your helping him out.
So why the fuck could you not ask for 
I'm poop in doe.
I like B the best
So Bored
They have reaired that one a bunch and I always watch it  Mike is hilarious
When I see homeless people or crackheadi always wonder where did they go wrong..
Every time my mom goes to cut my hair, one of us gets distracted.
It's gonna be a long night.
joy 
DJing another wedding.
Should be fun!
10:30 at night and lil man and I are eating skittles.
Yeeeeup
Mikey, did he send you braised goat or squab?
Crazy good.
I c y they mad though, I do this with ease...
Thank God it's Hump Day..Really..Thank You Lord!!
Twitter is the only thing I can go to without my Mom stalking my posts!
Lol
RT We have guided missiles and misguided men.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
Just talked with a great friend about our mortality.
Hung up  the last RT was what I saw
Plotting a road trip.
Will leave Cincinnati on March 31, return to Raleigh around April 15.
Where should I go?
Open to all suggestions.
I'm starting to talk to myself.
Definitely had too much coffee.
lol I have to keep up with you guys....Going away for 2 days but its business.
Is a Dope Singer and she is at taut This Saturday Come See Her LIVE!!!!!!!!!
Just the two motherfuckers i needed to see : fridayafternight homie!
Beautiful Words by John W.
Lord, My True Story by Angela O'Grady, This Shell of Mine by Jeff Kellen, Splitting Adam by Brian Watt
Honouring the departed
Think ima take a walk..
I got some shit to think thru..
snow!!!
snow snow snowsnowsnow!!!!
I'm mad at Obama for getting rid of sub loans for grad students.
Grrr.
the hymnish retreat sounds amazing but can't afford it right now.
Assuming all goes well, do you expect to do another?
also, he's what you would call a good friend, but a bad boyfriend.
It's going to be great!
Thanks for the RT!
this has the start of a doctornken finally to this valentines night
come by mansion tonight i got checks
Design is marketing on steroids 
: grab somebody sexy tell them HEY; ha that's the business ;
I'M GONNA GO PAIR SOME CHEESE W/ MY BEER
ATL, here i come...just another week
theworldsgreatestdjs who do you think fits in this group of hot djs.
Me I go back with Jam Master Jay, DJ Redalert.
not sure what you mean by full screen mode but this is on the iPod touch and I usually have the keyboard up
thanks!!
We can't wait to see you back at the ranch...
So much nostalgia right now.
As much as Doom were amazing, Duke Nukem 3D was the pinnacle IMO.
Two types of friends can come in really handy.
Ones that are in high places or ones that are connected to people in high places.
Mature
Cant force nobody to be somebody they dont want to be
ha!
That's just cause I help you write :
There is still time to enter to win the 100 Disney Gift Card!...
cool :!
I might go to orlando this summer...3
can't wait to have you!
Gotta have that North Side love!
I followed them already  they followed back.
Gone is Old Hickory Grille, In is International Chicken???
tell me who went home on xfactor and if the answer is not frankie then dont bother
Seriously SICK pitching from Stammen
Canuck fans, stay classy Vancouver!
plowed I'd a fanatic song!
Now I need to find it on the computer...
earworm much?
We will put them up for Artist of the month for July!
My jaw hurts : stupid jawbreaker lollipop
My mom would put her Spanish music on blast while am still sleeping lol
great weekend....so far a good start to the week....lots of change happening...hoping for the best!
are you all sitting together while you tweet at each other?
Nice.
Well remember...
The teacher is always silent during the test.
awesome!!!
Have a great day!
:
wheels up!
Next stop Mexico!
Woohoo!
You probably told me  I forgot, but what's going on with hospital on Sunday, doll?
Yes ma'am.
Is that you in your avi?
And it may disadvantage smaller companies who lack resources to file early.
But isn't this already the pattern with current law?
No cell phone and no internet.
That's why you can't reach me.
I'll respond to every text and message when my bills are paid!
My sunburn is burning.
I know, it does not bode well for the longevity of Flkr.
...
what will I do for assignments?
:P
some parts of england it is rude to give woman soup
Got a group presentation in the morning and let's just my group is not going to be to happy with me lol
I understand.
Super busy myself!
We'll talk!
Please keep me in mind for all those UX gigs you hear about!
did you ever see the letterman jackets?!
staple French toast.
Yours is mine
you saying he stole it?
Nice!
Curious Janette, where do you typically shop for art online?
Hi girlfriends sister!
ME!
When's this train leave?
OMFG.
DUDE.
rachael.keneally NOW YOU DO ;D
I can't unfollow...the rest of the lineup is on point.
I'm guessing will be taking your spot soon anyway.
RT : Making what's turning out to be an unofficial mobile happy hour guide to mlanet12, hilarious.
Stay tuned!
I'm in!
Hiya pal!
I was so busy I didn't see efurryone!
I'm Carrying Your Love With Me 3
not sure....published at 825 but not yet showing up on the reader's dashboard...
Mortons steak  seafood dinner only 109.99 for 2, now thru the end of June!
If h think u thought u were thing then u shouldnt think
And it's a wrap for me g'night.
shout out to my brah on the move 173ent 5star studio k lo k...
57 of women in prison report histories of abuse
but yours goes to 11 doesnt it?
Yummy deep fried South African doughnut koeksisters
and I found you secret twitter stalkers ha
Keep on hating u making me more famou
Well, now that idea is in my head.
Good day, I feel accomplished.
Happy B day momo!
im sowwy i cant give you a birthday hug!
i will tomarrow!
LY
Williams Paint Recycling Company is proud to be a Bronze Level Partner in the Partnership for a Sustainable Georgia!!!
Christmas lives behind / the glow in your eyes and smile / as your gift to me
So much to do in such little time
Kathleen, I just learned how to put my book cover in the background.
You should do it.
Yours is a GREAT COVER!
Thursday already!
So much still left to do!
Guitar Center with Adam soon.
Hurry up.
Iowa rightwing politics: bad 4 America's political health as Iowa's FriedCheese FriedButter FriedOreos are 4 your health
Its almost Friday!
Hell yeah!
raidernation  best part of USC's sanctions is they rest on Lane Kiffin's lap.
Pete Larish?: Chooch  that stiff they signed years ago as free agent from Detroit that I can't remember his name
No way lol
Why is the U.S.
one of 6 countries globally failing to ratify the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against W ...
Fareed!
You back in Miami?
Inbox me the addoctorss.
He's awesome!
Love that place.
Oh, Margaret, no!!!
Can't believe the news.
I'm crushed!
Cheers for that, Eric!
it's times like these that i wish michael's or blick's was open twentyhour hours a day.
i'm feeling crafty.
haha ah midge hill is some man for the trays alright :P
Why is twitter unfollowing me from people?
Kinda making me angry!
my hometown, Columbia, SC is featured on today!
Settle a debate/wardoctorbe choice about my attire tomorrow ...
Teal jeans: green enough or not?
Bryan Hammer Design Director  Skooba Design will be joining us!
Big fan here man!
Keep those hits coming.
Nor is it true that austerity will generate growth.
I think we've conclusively proven that by now.
i cant twitter from my phone because i always end up posting half finished tweets.
not because my phone is dumb.
but because i am.
Thank you, Chris!
Great talking with you tonight.
and you also need your own category in those facial hair wars.
'The Reza'.
For those asking why would someone kill themselves w/ a chest shot?
If you wanted ppl to check your brain once you're gone is a good reason.
what else is new?
where are you?
We're here too 
Faq I still can't believe no more NYK basketball anymore until next yr...
GM class is so boring.
cuz my computer fast and Fyeeeee !!!
lol where u at ??
i know u not where you supposed to be smh !
My DFW  SFO flight for 2012c19 c19 has just become a DFW  SJC flight.
Gonna be a late night.
Young the Giant  worth a DL?
Longest six minutes of my life
: Real love outshines any storm
Doing it
2 1/2 hours until my day is over and I can't wait!!!!
Should I put my mohawk really high, medium high or down for the show tonight?
Holy productive morning!!
Can't believe it's not even 9 am yet....
gonna be a good Monday.
Almost done for the day.
when i put on my headphones im blocking out the world
whitli samsung galaxys Looks like my old Galaxy S is about to die.
Time to get a new one, Galaxy S II with dual 1.5gHz here I come!
: Buescher takes 4 tires while many took four.
nascar is this a John Madden quote for nascar?
Didn't get enough of tonight on getrealchat...
that's ok!
See her on mediachat this Thursday at 10pm EST!
See you there!
Have been neglecting Twitter and Facebook lately...ACP has a new studio space!
Open House coming soon!!
It's clearly a crosstown thing.
Playground time!
Glad to see all up on the twitters!
It won't hurt I promise!
Well...
probably not.
Um, so, how many days til baseball season?
We'll also have winter hair care tips and more coming, so stay tuned to !
UrbLife!
Give trust to everyone you meet.
I think that you look very nice in it.
I need a run or a bike ride.
Or a cupcake.
Now.

I would rather be at home still in bed with this type of weather....
Me Too...
Death from above...69
Down here in Kansas city

Where ever you are be Noble, What ever you do do Well, Where ever you Speak Speak Kindly, Bring Joy where ever you Dwell  ArchieRose 
I've been waiting my whole life for someone to save me, I still can't believe that you're mine.
whats the appropriate time?
I've been eye fucking guys all day...
Im gon go hard or go home!
we should have a team comm OC watch party.
Nice bonding opportunity.
yes I said trendyloin
You know all you have to do is tell us.
right ?
Tell me what you want from me, tell me what you want 
Kobe had one good game this season now ya back on his dick
I can't believe I'll finally have my license back on Monday!!!
I miss my nigguh lucky dube he been my favoo singer
you're really starting to piss me off, so i'm gonna stop talking to you until i can calm down.
take it personally.
Preparing my SEX TALK for the Becoming Conference in FL next week!
Getting paid to talk about sex, dating,  God...
this is the good life.
About too take raven too schoo :
ha ha text me
I would kill someone for food.
OMFG THAT MEANS THEY'LL BE IN OR CLOSER TO MY TIMEZONNE where are they landing?
Dear Tom Brady, you're not as good at pointing at defensive players as Peyton Manning is.
All of these app updates for nothing but retina display makes me feel that my brief stay at the cool kids table has ended.
Excited for my gorgeous formal wedding 111111.
Can't wait to celebrate with friends and family.
It's looking exceptionally magical.
;
That just happened!
misses my boyfriend..
:
oh iPod, i've missed you.
pq
mmk kaay ill tell ur cousin isiah to follow you and ill tell my moms brother corey daughter to follow you ill tell everybody 2
The meek shall inherit the earth.....after we're through with it.
RT Jazz!
Denver Bassist Greg Garrison's new project is sure to be a success bit.ly/ntMoai
Great SAQ doctorll session yesterday.
Being hungry and not knowing what to eat has got to be one of the worst feelings in the world.
if I could I would
When your whole world is turned upside down..Look to see who stays beside you, those are your true friends.
Cherish them.
Accurate!
Let's go get some stroop waffles and a jug of pudding at the Meermarkt.
Sports commentators need to not use the word 'penetrate.'
So what we get doctornk, so what we smoke weed.
We're just havin fun, we don't care who sees, so what we go out thats how its supposed to be3
How am I supposed to take anyone serious with a UNC avi??
Hah.
Q: how important is road network?
Vinod Khosla  flexibility is key for startups.
Short term commitments even at a premium cost.
Preaching to the choir Cheif.
Right.
Kensy could have the idea, but not the talent to pull it off.
no no mg smh
I'm friendly with my friends and associate with my associates..
RT:: Mark ur calendars!
will be on May5th for an awesome youth event!
Just received christian pamphlet spam from a fellow hiker at Wallace Falls.
America!
Cerus announced that it entered into a growth capital credit facility and a revolving line of credit with Comerica Bank
i wasn't that doctornk...dude, you asked me to give you a ride home at YOUR party
do you know how much tickets are?
I'm still trying to find a ride to Fresno!
:
OMG i love this guy he is my life ?
RETWEET IF YOU ARE IN SUPPORT OF KONY2012!!
ShoutOut to the Bro !!
I don't think gender is an issue
I'm already cute and sweetjust wanna be petite and healthy like an athlete.
Rev up that heartbeat!
im good
Got a mess of fried pickles for only 2 after an oncampus meeting w/ rep.
Arteries are relieved I'm not taking summer classes
Minimum wage?!
What is wrong with me???
Why do I accept minimum wage work?
RIP John John.
You will be missed.
I hate that you left without me telling you how i felt.
But it is ok.
Im praying for your family.
Student Quote of the day, you should play the robot, you have the body for it.
: Virgo does not play the game of love.
They deal with mature love only.
Thanks.
3
you inspire me a lot.
please don't stop dancing 3 :D
don't most hotels have potable water?
I bring an empty bottle and get much better performance than with wifi
Just bought four packs of gum for no reason
its when they get that first bill and come in bitching that is gonna be annoying
: Need wthr info for springbreak or sxsw?
50 iTunes card for photos from both if we add 100 users this week Use
I'm a Bad Kid, that's the way that they made me
This is the playoffs tho RT : look at the Bulls going home, they ran the east the whole season bruh lmaooo
Nice!!
Keep up the good work.
RT : that's me and all I get are As
Merry Christmas and
Twitter's 170M users would probably agree with that!!!
Would be 1 answer for sure.
Can live without...
Political Commercials on TV
everything!
Sometimes its cold, sometimes its hot lately :p depends when you're coming, this week will be fairly warm
UseTittiesInAMovieTitle A Tale of Two Titties
well thats good to know lol
Gold Street sounds good.
RT : Where to eat breakfast today?
Caro: Johnson's life is one of means and ends.
His ends were very noble, but his means were ruthless.
MISSING MCJ RIGHT NOW.
come to LA and play with us!
Thats whats up...appreciate the listen!
5 hours  800 spent yesterday: couch, desk, office chair, side table,  more...
it all fit into a Jetta!
More great times to come El Paso!
Many congrats to all the new iPhone 4S owners!!
Sometimes I feel like most of my human interaction on Twitter could be replaced by a bot that tweets obscure words at people.
That was dumb.
Hit it with a hammer.
Hello!!
:D
I live near Pittsburgh  felt the earthquake!
It shook my chair a bit  moved some of the things I had hanging from my wall!
21 April 1671Baptism of John Law in Edinburgh.
He became a French citIzen and founded Frances first bank and the city of New Orleans.
thanks dude.
We gotta chill soon
Don't make your appearance more important than your disposition.
M yum sounds tasty :
is suddenness?
One can pay back the loan of gold, but one dies forever in debt to those who are kind.
Malayan Proverb
I agree, professorssor Robert Jan van Pelt is amazing and so is Christopher Browning!
Where did you here professorssor van Pelt?
Tavern on the Lake in Orlando is were it's at.
spokenword  livemusic!
captainin Cabinets, Trapped in cabinets!
Freezin my ass off man.
my cat is still glued to our screen keeping a guard out for anymore frogs LMAO
Anyone know how to file a glendale police report?
Do cops even work there?
Lnch special Green Chile cheese Burger fries and a doctornk for 7.00
that's when you know you need a break and what better place than san Francisco :
Just kidding I'm a white kid, hi kids.
I would LOVE to see your speech!
after you give it be sure to send me a copy!
be passionate and your speech will be great
Morning :D
Meeks having the second most minutes between both teams with 2 minutes left in the 3rd is criminal!
In that MUSIC zone, gone af
i have no idea
As soon as I get over this horrible cold, and I are going to make out.
What's going to happen when JustinBieber nuts doctorp  his voice change?
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Hi, I am enjoying a wonderful song Shot For Me from MP3 Music Download and Search Shot For Me in search former and download it 4 free.
i love the sims 3
She Had Me Smiling All Day
to me, those are synonymous
Will miss tonight at SarahsWar putin rehearsal!
Resistance is futile!
Ok, NN/LM grant funding.
totally inspired now :
Ma scherzi!
Should've gone to Saxby's after all.
The Ironwork Grill at Grand Lodge is avail for a gathering on 8.7  8.14 as well as other weekdays and many dates in Sept Call 503.992.9530
Independent music is finally in the strongest position it has been in years!
Support the socks off it!!!
welcome to the Suburbs!
you should be dancing for me ;
Looking for new talent!
hit up my management at 6618712
I seen your bio, and I didnt know you were a make a wish volenteer o love alot and I have cerebral palsy.
like your background.
; thanks for the follow.
Stay up.
Can't wait to go to Miller Park for the game tonight
do u still have those STL tickets?!?!?
Listen'n to our friend John Russell in nicholasville.
Bout to head to 2 c my good friends fm EKY.
who's coming?
BH
they'll probably be easier to read than our current cards...
Good Morning Farmers...only a few more days left of the Farm..come by  get Grand Reserve Headband while you can!!
I'm surprised/skeptical that most DCPL patrons have smartphones.
But love that they were first to have lib app
Hi!
We just filed our AOI.
To talk to someone about BFC in person, stop by Mill Valley General Store during business hrs.
Who's up for some chicken parm today?
Come on in and try our latest special!
FF and all his FF recommendations.
looks like you'll b doing a lot of street walking!
Wear some comfortable shoes!
that's funny as hell.
That track is tight yo.
bought ur book due to your incredible smash recaps.
They are more enjoyable than the delightful hellride that is that show
Let the fear of failure go.
It will clog up the areas where inspiration belongs.
October will be very LEGENDARY.
If I just lay here, would you lie with me, and just forget the world?
If Obama loses a close election, he will not leave.
Who would stop him?How will that play out?
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.
Security does not exist in nature.
Avoiding danger is no safer than exposure.
Helen Keller
I'm not happy I don't get to see Gavin :
we will survive.love u!3
What are your experiences with precourse tech skills inventories?
Are they effective?
And are there any that don't condescend?
well get those over with so you can come see me play!
haha
Are you planning for a big holiday dinner?
Stop by and check out our breads and desserts!
miss u
Dunno why but the voice of my old HS biology teacher has been in my thoughts this evening: One never knows, Gaines, one never knows...
Wisdom of the Day: The most important relationship you will ever have is the one you have with yourself.
doctor Noah H.
Kersey
will you post a transcript/video of his speech?
would love to see!
AY AY AY!!!
posted mine up on actors access already..
looking for a little girl!
Gonna prob shoot end of April/Beginning of May
Salute Your Shorts
Looks like I won't make it in the NYC marathon lottery at the 11th hour bc my cc exp June 2012  needs to expire Jul or later
ChemistryDONE!
Whoot!
Ready to come home.
I can't wait to see everyone.
Just picked up a Magic Mouse from the apple store.
Initial impressions are good.
Best part  no more gunked up scroll button.
Don't worry.
I know that if we work hard, one day they'll find a cure for your brother.
33
: everytime you touch me there I just wanna eat a pear
what else WOOD we do?
Not job to wrangle, but maybe the previous relationship between Hansen and Alvarez helps one between Alvarez  KF
Brilliant post.
Thanks for sharing!
Hitting the road to visit with Henrico and Richmond Dems tonight.
lol see this is why yo pay got cut
One more day damn I wish I didn't have to doctorve in this wackass weather!!!!
Thanks for making it easy to cancel my account.
thanks Coral ;
I mean chewable toothBRUSH.
Now that I think about it, the toothbrush is the strange bit.
RT : Startup making an impact?
Time to apply to the Accelerator!
MC2012 Apps Due Wed.
4/11 at noon EST
i this del rio steal his cars from someone are some were
Congrats to Sara Rehring who won a free language class at UWM SCE's Open House last week!
RT : What an impact he made in his lifetime!
He will be missed.
David Reynolds, Leader of Metals Company, Dies at 96...
The whole Im sorry shouldn't cut it anymore.
Enough!
Get tough, and send a message.
Until then he's just going to keep it up.
oh you know...
sitting at the pool...
uploading photos and updating the blog :
Watch Saturday morning 8:50 w/ Christine Chang talking about the Charity Partners Program!
90 min.
Bill Clinton talk for 15...CIW11 here I come!
Not only is it monday but it's pooring..
man I hate monday mornings
Oh my god MARGARET IS FINALLY PLAYING IN DC!?
16 of both sports and concert ticket buyers checkin via a locationbased platform at an event.
What do you consider 'a solid season'?
102?
We aren't optimistic about double digit victories for Richt's crew...
yeah, though seems it's pretty much always tied to notion of technology as disruptive of existing interaction order.
I'm sorry for ever treating wrongly.
Now would you please go on fb and read your messages.
Man will do many things to get himself loved, he will do all things to get himself envied.
Mark Twain
minor v Happersatt
omg why did this have to happen...
:/
You mighta seen me in the streets, but you don't know me...
Celebrating hump day of finals week with some Duffs and my fav people 
Those little i love you more fights  
Man, is here playing for the morning after prom.
thought we were friends :
Gotta love garage sales.
NOT!
Is it weird that people who wear disney stuff at universal studios tick me off?
I love it!
I just thought of a brand new social networking tool for the kids...
are you ready for it?
It's called, outside.
yes!
Totally it!
Thank you for the tick!
You're the best!
Keke.
If you're still writing about Tiger Woods you have no life we all make mistakes some more than others, some worse than others get over it.
Yeah no problem just dont forget to return the favor.
Finna smoke a blunt to get over this CJ Watson shit!
The Clippers win over the Grizzlies was the Clippers third ever playoff series victory.
never cycle through a stack of photographs in a doctoram..
you'll never find the end of it.
Wish I were there...
Listening to Hammy down here in Dallas!
Rest in Peace.
RIP Dick Clark.
I found your plug.
Try it again I had my tweets private that's why
Kris, I would workout with you but you use a different gym.
Eric
Good morning to you, too.
Cool pic.
Headed to paa2012 giving a paper on Bayesian estimates of small area poverty rates
We're so excited for a Cosmo latina style!!
We three latinas will definitely be reading!!
U want someone to be rocking on that thing..rocking rocking on dat thing...lol
you know me :
That mini heart attack you get when the parked car next to you moves and you think youre moving.
were you among the massive caravan of cyclists on the east side of the CP loop this morning?
I was today that you have to make your own fun
It aint ur spit game, its ur dick game That got me walking round ready to wear your big chain
Realtor competition in most cities is fierce.There is no reason that YOU should suffer with an agent that you don't feel is working 4 you!
you guys have that also??
It runs our campus for a week
Looks like a minor regression in the CSS.
Must be pulling old styles.
Will file a ticket.
Good morning my tweeters
I often panic and think I've been hacked when I find no auth log, but then I realized I'm on Red Hat and it's called secure log.
its all good ill stay up all night waiting to get on standgrand 3
what a petulant child.
did you discontinue cracked pepper and sea salt chips?
Haha, i see!
I got one chubby and fluffy white cat!
Like Romo.
Exactly the same but the name is Kitty, 3
If Ghost Rider 2 can earn a third place spot in its opening box office weekend, maybe Americans are ignorant enough to nominate Santorum.
You're welcome, good to meet you!
Thanks for the follow Matt Keep writing, keep singing, help people doctoram their doctorams
success is simply holding on well after others have let go
canibehonestwithyou I know more about cars than a 14 year old girl should.
So what does everyone think of the new NFL Nike uniforms?
Nook tablet?
I will definitely be investing in one of those 
science is down again, hopefully it will get fixed soon
any advice to help me from getting hurt when I go snowboarding??
PLEASE REPLY!
I've been trying for 2wks for you to reply..
:
lol yep.
I doubt you'll be coming into my room during any of them saying I like this song lmao
Acting a certain way with different people.
welcome to ur new addiction ;D if u ever figure out how to shake it, lemme know, haha
againagain!
don't forget what we talked about !;D
happyvalentinesday to all my single ladies :
Business mind state..I am the CEO
Thank you for the retweet!
It should be a fun event.
As a matter of fact, it is a state law !
cc: LisaPetrilli
I agree VInce Platero is an amazing Artist!
To hot for bitches, i need a cool floor to cool the place my balls used to be RT : how are the bitches recently ?
i've moved 12x as well soon 2004.
i am so over it.
Yeah, it was too fast for me.
BTW, local cool person is just getting bees, too.
Had to cook for my mom.
After those last three possessions, I'm not sure how Scott Skiles didn't explode on the sideline...
and he may yet.
lol really?
She'd probably slap you if you called her that.
I volunteer to be the guniea pig for an contest!
I think to respond to more that 1 person, you just keep doing the  and whatever their screen name is for each person.
Liquid Arts in Lobby Bar inside Green Valley Ranch!!!
that physical movement doesn't exist in DC
I'll be doing A LOT of listening.
Nice call last year.
Defense?
Who needs defense?
28 points combined in 13 minutes.
Ridiculous
Thanks!
Watch tomorrow...!
If I'm weird with you, I'm comfortable with you
One American manufacturer, Eagle Lock Company, used letters exclusively for bitting codes.
Did you get your presale tickets for yet?
GoDaddy backpedals too late, is moving domain names away after massive boycott
well quedoba was a bust..
now to try fiveguys!
:D
I love you so so so much and it would make my day it i could get an RT from p.s i would prob die!: plz
Fantastic talking with educators at DCECEA about social skills, inclusion, preschool perspectives, I say Let Them PLAY!
squints One day Ill figure out how/why people get so many different names on here...lol
You really think anything we do could destroy nameless more than it already is?
FINNA GO HAM!
HUSTLERS UNITE!
SPREAD THE WORD AND RT THIS!!
Pick up a dozen pastries tomorrow for the office from the Market!
Theyll love you for it!
: When LeBron James knocks down 3s  the Knicks have no chance.
was there a rainbow mickey sticker on the back too?
2 tsp.
in a liter of water.
Are you talking AWP panel?
Hey How was your day?
it's almost your birthday :D As if you didn't fucking know..
haha :
Last second change of venue show too awesome for cool daddy's and has moved down the street to SOUND HOLE on Chester.YES!
Which do you trust more: Thibs' clipboard or Lucas' jump shot?
oh my god.
Do you get an iPhone now?!
they are!
Certain ways to pee n stuff wtf.
ustream with Austin!
what does that mean?
Breaking Bad season premier tonight on AMC
Yay!
We're excited to have you : RT : Heading to the Kind of excited.
RT : You don't have childoctorn of your own, but you have mothered millions.
Jada Pinkett Smith to SurpriseOprah tear
hanksteinbrennersvagina RT if being fat means striking out the red sox then so be it..
coz sarah is my fake name dummy!
my real name is Yashita!
Happy to say my move is nearly complete.
I started first doctorft of my new novel yesterday in my new office.
Angel Dance out any day now!
House show this Saturday anyone?
of course...
?
Lol really?
She heated up her French toast.
OF COURSE
Jennifer Lawrence IS Katniss though.
And Josh and EVERYONE like ohmygoshhh
D: mehh i'm lost.
i'll find out at school tomorrow
lol!!
Don't get it twisted tho,, he know better too!
He could get them hand's lol
Call Me A TaXi I'm Out!
YE
YES!
Oh i will feel so cultured being at a live theater production!
Hanging with and in Madtown wbagala this could be trouble!
Omg why is this play about weave!!
Not yet, still playing with wunderkit right now.
I have AM installed though
Good morning and good night.
My 25th in VegasNovember 11/11/11 babya little ways off, but someone tell me where I should stay  go to!
Thanks for the RT : Hope you had a wonderful weekend!!
Great to meet you on set today  Hope you had a great birthday:
Yuhh, I went to prom Saturday, then went out to eat, then to my friends, and we didn't go to bed till like 6:30am.
And
dontdoublemyrate DontDoubleMyRate Just don't, okay?
Everyone needs music.
It keeps us going.
I miss you :
well break a leg and hit me up when you're here.
hahaha The wheels still turning, but the hamsters dead
yoga and run done.
Going to walk around Durand Beach this afternoon.
:
if you give a dork a camera......
anybody know of any one traveling to hockeytown tomorrow for the game?
Boston Celtics v Houston Rockets tonight.
Weird to have NBA on a night that normally has NHL.
Swedish Fish wil help me adjust to the change.
We want Pittsburgh Dad on GYGS TV with Kurt Angle Foods!!!!!!
yeah that's true, I pop all of mines but I don't get scars  hopefully it works :D
Do you charge by hits?
Even tho I live in Madison, Wis., it's the herald of the holidays to me.
Fantastic time!
i know!
i better get with it
No matter how thin the pancake there's always two sides
Rick Siskey  Those who learn to listen have the advantage.
ah!
Not that I think although I am not sure I don't like that idea for a day!
;
and if you were In bako we'd take you!
Aha.
I'm playing lead guitar  doing vocs AND trying not to kill myself now!carson
ccrunconf lulman asks about utilizing existing resources and/or creating a new infrastructure for community media center; answer: do both
same it's been more than a month since I saw them and I miss them so much o k
it was awsome so cool :
did somebody find them!?
SCREW DWTS DOUBLE ELIMINATION!!!!!!
ROSHON DESERVED TO BE IN THE FINAL!!!
what channel is MCA tribute?
you're the woman.
Thanks, Jack!
I HOPE ALL PUPPET COMPANIES SUDDENLY SHUT DOWN AND THEN PUPPETS ARE NO MORE
Everyone would like to have health information that is easier to understand.
Use pictures in addition to words.
Erich Von Stroheim filmed Ending of Greed based on Frank Norris's McTeague in DV
I'll try...
but I think I need a shoe shaped more like an upside down triangle.
do you think anyone will find that sexy?
I love me some Joan Rivers.
If your not watching JKB get involved!
PCFG on alert today
you mean like a landing page?
No.
I'll email you all our stuff.
Austin's first video on his own channel was a cover of the song Never Say Never : RT if you like that song.
Learning the music of Chicago.
Today is a hair up day...not even going to bother with all this
L stands for LADIES?
LOL
Mention this outlook Ad and Get a Even Bigger discount on your Salon Services mens cut ,Beard Trims , Military fades Razor Texture Cuts
Yeeah..
I'm going to be up for like another hour or so?
yo what's going on ?
Angelinajolie looks sickly thin.
Just saying.
will you please follow me?
it's 11:39 PM and you still haven't followed me : I must be invisible to you 111
I'm getting me some chocolate  watch out, cupcake!
RT : Walking is a great form of exercise!
RT  Follow us StepIntoSpring giveaway!
You could win a custom NikeID sneakers
Enjoying my coffee!
Yep!
Let them enjoy while they can.
Is that you in your avi?
alex i just hope that u know that i admire u and i love u so much..
i woould love meet u
Happy Birthday, doctor Seuss!
Rate me wait for me to put my pic up
Happy to give you my notes.
I haven't seen you!!
I'm boring to text, and probably even talk now 
is preaching on Twitter; Check him out.
so, true.
Some moms don't hold their sons accountable.
being retired sucks  i've worked more this week than when I was employed full time
Listening to on right now!
Love this song!
:
If gays want to participate in an antiquated institution and be miserable like all the married people I know.
WHO CARES?
cabin in the woods is wierd.
thank you for your video response to kony2012  i'm sharing it with my students tomorrow
3wordsforyou I Love You.
NorCal so hot this week, I felt weirdly opiumish.
Swimmy  mindboggled.
Today, saw the most vicious attack in the doctorveway, bird on bird.
hubwork mega design panel commencing NOW!
how do people take shots of whiskey w/out chaser!.
Great article  couldn't agree more.
Yes, we ARE enough.
Manager 3B Jon Durham said he has elected to leave power hitter, Luke Rhinesmith in the lead off spot for Mondays game against mister Roberts
Don't make me wait by jazmine sullivan has to be one of my favorite song by her
goodnight Mikey: 3333 great performance tonight too!
MSMQ: Doing humanities with computers is playing humanities for keeps
Tally this weekend.
Aye.
I can't post tweets!
Please help keep saying try later but it's been a week and still nothing.
I reloaded twitter but no luck
well come on over we will fix ya a home cooked meal...
and you can meet Jennifer and Jamie ;
Thank you!
That totally makes sense.
WHY WILL OCCUPYDC GET KICKED OUT?
QUOTE FROM K ST FORUM:I can guarantee that mass arrests are HUGE headlines  help grow the movement
Fall  Fall Break  my favorite time of year...
next to late spring, summer and Christmas of course...
I like what I am seeing thus far.
Lord knows US needs a hero not an undercover terrorist protector.
I've never been deployed.
Lucky ass nigga.
Health Tip: Pack more veggies into ur grocery budget by going frozen.
Often cheaper, frozen produce retains more nutrients than fresh!
I'll be home the 24th through 29th.
Excited to see you, it's been too long!
Mitt Romney says we should be creating 500,000 jobs/month.
Thats happened 5 times since WW2.
Either hes an idiot or hes lying
Look like a million bucks thanks to
Very cute
Hi just got my computer fixed I've been out of the loop but I'm back now.
We all need alone time once in a while
Life With Derek before sleep :
I failed, its been an hour...
Bleeeeeh!!!!
LIAM!
are you as excited as I am to see you in America in Chicago?
I'm buying presale tickets :
You're always working some angle.
If you are not paying attention to the news right now, get on it.
Exciting new developments in the works....
Stay tuned!
When we die we all know we're going the same way...
Lol  American Dad
I'd like to hear more about your paper on building relationships via Twitter  sounds really interesting.
We have six left.
Rt: : Now I really want a cupcake.
Good night
Never watches Amercan late night chat shows but is watching now because he's in Scotland.
Thanks .
SheAintWifeyMaterial if your not happy waking up to her every morning!
More Pinterest research
When you own your breath, nobody can steal your peace.
Author Unknown...
JUST KEEP BREATHING  have an incredibly amazing week.
:
I suck at pool but it's mad fun...
...
So very true!
Some bosses and significant others should be told this :
You have to want God more!!!
Then and only then will your hearts desire be fulfilled.
its really quite.
Allot of people moved.
But what's up, what's new with you.
Wonderful time at AHA2012.
Saw some great panels, caught up with some old friends, met a lot of new people.
Should be in Chicago every year
The new Silversun Pickups album didn't grab me on the first listen.
This is one that it takes a few to appreciate.
Incredible what's happening rt now.
A 10 man Chelsea team will advance to the finals in Munich.
Down goes Barca.
okay it's safe to say that you're gay....
yea buddy!
no my parents took two of them and my ex broke the other one!
Much respect for Kerry Wood.
Best of luck to him.
Hm, VCU moves up to the Atlantic 10 conference, so ODU creates an ODUtrain to try to get some attention?
SAD VCU wins
We have a show coming up on 10/14 at The Western Front  we'd love to see you there!
Slept in this am.
Then Shopping and spent the afternoon on the beach shell hunting with the fam!
Memories in the making!
Today has been my chillday !!
Starting to feel better, but I have no energy!
excellent.
I'll tweet more information about upcoming event session 'leaving ADDIE behind' at ASTD2012 and point 2 online resources.
thank you sir ;
Foo Fighters indie cred?
I guess that was a joke
Happy ProSkidoctorw Day!
Thanks!
I'm still contemplating on what it will be.
I think I've got 45 minutes to decide!
Zayn is hot, Nialler is hot, Hazza is hot, Lou is hot, Liam is hot, WHATS UP WITH THAT
I hate it when friends change just because they meet new people.
Or hate a person just because they have new fans.
We kick off Monday with a Wine tasting, all wonderful reds only 14.
47pm today we have 4 wines, 4 Cheese, and 7 Flatbread Pizzas!
Enjoy
you dont hate hispanics?
chilllenn, before my choir concert!
:
So, this finding love in a hopeless place...
Rihanna is singing about Twitter, right?
Excuse me but my lingo crazy
Many a fraud have gotten rich off such things.
Besides it would be easy to write a book on what could go wrong online!
lol
Tailgate season
NO!!
please go to west.
worst mistake you could ever make.
Packing for a 6am flight to Cali for Anaheim 2!!
Time will tell if it's a solo trip....not gonna lie kinda bummed...
Can't wait to see my boy perform tonight at the new convocation center!
Its a small world!
justin will you plz follow me
Went grocery shopping  144.91.
Lot more than excpected but we now have food in the house.
Just had a guilty shopping spree
Crappy tshirts
Waiting for my favorite band to come on!
IN UNFABULOUS I MEAN COME ON
.: Yes, lots of great PCUS discussion!
Feel free to tweet us Qs for our presenters, esp.
on student engagement 
Bills get Mario Williams  sweet!
If we were a secret how long could you keep it.
Keep it to yourself don't tell nobody else.
If evolution really works, how come mothers only have two hands?
Milton Berle
Global warming slowly doctoring up health insurance commissions.
Canadian government commissions new study on methods to collect vapors.
Saying its because you were doctornk is never a good enough excuse.
To Hell With Houston, America We Have A Problem!
Send me tax reforms and I will sign them right away!
I would tell all my twitter followers which my trial was.
Shonn Greene will post huge numbers because he is going to get a ton of carries
I love feel like crying because I never got tickets for his concert in November!!
; ;
RIP Donna Summer
I think you meant Sherlock and Watson, not Holmes.
But it made me want to see a show where Sherlock and Holmes are two characters
She said she can do bad all by her damn self...then let her do bad all by her damn self
Thanks for sharing!
RT : I am so proud that have survived.
My mother is a survivor
woo!!!
: 3Words Radio Waves Rock!
finally got my slides ready for my presentation at very excited now!
Trying to plan a seasonal lunch menu for K3 through grade 6 kids starting in Fall  any suggestions?
haha I'm looking forward to it!
I'll send it once I'm done!
Hanging with him today 3 can't wait!
BrockOsweiler he has legendary QB abilities
Good morning to everyone on this beautiful Friday!!!
Hope you all have a wonderful day!!!
lots of love 3 3
That's how I got here : LA is my doctoram circus!
I love cheetos too!
I heard the dinosaurs shoot first in this version.
: People who follow a crowd..usually get no further than the crowd!!
Therefore I walk ALONE buddy!!
Henny and purple
its a beautiful thing
Thursday to Sunday.
Give me a ring and we'll get together
hey girl3 miss u!
Superintendent Kowba has directed LJ High principal NOT to remove Free Speech benches Now wont have to do my sit in Free Speech saved :
I'm fucking hammered right now
The Gordon pics are in my Recent Images on my Twitter page.
All of the Gordon photos are mine, but the '37 flood pic is not.
Taking Jets  Bears on the moneyline and the under on Jets/Steelers.
Good luck and please check your tickets before leaving the window
Allen in....
This is where the grizzlies need to defend and get the ball inside with this unit
please follow so I can DM you.
Thanks.
Lol I just noticed you follow me on instagram!!!
Your so pretty!!
Its only Wednesday?????
The only reason I'm getting a business degree: unlimited free coffee from industrial quality machines.
Question.
Why do y'all have kids with someone then complain he ain't there for the child u was jus a random/accident Neva spose 2 hapn
Patella tendon.
do the preseason games count towards the nine games for our boys at NHL camps?
Thanks for the info.
coffee minus cigarettes
Every day specials call 18669828322 Every order supports a person with developmental disabilities in employment.
Thank you and Mahalo
lol what do you have against navy blue and black?
And I think I've seen you in both?
Congrats to Weston!
Winner of the Name the Eight raffle!
go time!
perhaps it was the whining about everyone unfollowing you that caused us to do so.
But, I never followed at all.
I Feel Good Af ;
Jonas Sees In Color is singing me to sleep tonight.
So glad to hear it.
I must call in back up, help for fun stuff this weekend please!
Definitely.
Although, I could listen to Jessica sing all damn day!
Homegirl's god!
I'm ready to see domination !!!
check your schedule and get clearance.
Popcorn?
Yes.
JUMBO size Popcorn?
Not this guy.
Short stay at Wood Island?
Maybe anyway.
Looks great!
We are coming out with Man Bags fairly soon!
Flying Traingreat pic
I know you'll probably see the Avengers this weekend.
So you could take a picture of the theater a tweet it.
TwitterHomework ;
tzhaahn is way better than zan.
More importantly, what matters is whether you say it with your thumbs up or not.
Many of us will miss Dick Clark, there will never be no other like him on this Planet, that's why everyone in Heaven is happy of his arrival
While everyone else was out partying last night, I passed out on a friends couch watching The Thing.
I am so
got triple meat at chipotle.
Thought you would be impressed.
Yo my sister said if you were a test she would give you a C.....
lol
i.ll keep that in mind.
I.ll always try to employ family : u spit cuzo lets colab.
Your choice
Fruit salad.
I love the BBC because every once in a while there's an fbomb.
Or boobies.
hiya.
Fine with me.
I don't even know my SOL schedule..
have you checked out rubymotion yet?
thoughts?
High finna buss ass in this 2k real quick Lobcity bitch
oh : you hurt ma feelings :/
I got a craving 4 candy again
had a great weekend , few days until my bday
How's it going man?
Not sure where to go tonight?
is playing shortly, come get your funk on!
Y!
Sports: blazers fire Nate McMillan
: Workout !
Jus cause it's saturday Don't mean you can lay around It does 4 me Heart cath No blockage.
Now mending the cath site.
blasting Niggas In Paris with Carissa in school library.
OH YEAH.
What are the doctornk specials for your New Years party?
s/o to !
Happy birthday hun :D

When takes my candy  sadtweet
Where the party at?
I was the one who dared plaxico burress to pop a shot off in a club, I told him all the celebs were doing it, oops
aw ; Happy mothers Day Michele!!!!
Lots Of Love and Support 3 x
This guy has dun lapped decease.
His stomach has dun lapped over his belt.
Kid just made a halfcourt shot at the Clippers game to win a new car.
What kind of taxes does he have to pay on that?
Great time here in stout.
Treated to a good time by the art dept.
Meet a lot of young talent.
Waiting for people that are late is not my favorite thing to do
people are so stupid and lame if ur gonna brag bout being a badass be legit bout it instead being like oh im a badass cuz i got high on
just saw i movie with Chuck Norris.immediately thought of u and Justin; love you!
No Tween knit today.......
See you next week.
EQ isn't a nice to have.
It's mission critical.
AMEX innocuously and w/out notice raised the card fee from 35 to 45!
THAT WHY PE0PLE ARE PISSED.
We're tired of killer surprises.
now I'm back on to befriend our local radio hosts and get em to play I Feel Like Dancin ;
I'm not very good at Tweeting.
Oh yea, I was shocked when It happened to me.
Hello have a great day
How did the internship workshop go?
Any takeaways from students?
HOLY FUCK THIS SATURDAY IS ST.
PATRICK'S DAY.
I'm gonna
Going to my dance rehearsels right now, gonna be fun!!
Xx
APGfK poll: Only 27 of Americans support, 66 oppose military engagement in Afghanistan.
But is there a viable exit strategy?
first one better than the first quarter
4th of July was great here in San Diego!
Hope you had a great weekend!
Why those stockings could be worn by Marlene Dietrich and still be expensive.
Incoming...
We have 3 tornado warnings for Chippewa, Swift and Redwood Counties.
Part of a line of storms in western MN heading toward TC
checkers, once again, your tractor beam has pulled me in.
20ThingsAboutMe 11.
I hate being single.
THANKS MA!!
Follow back!!
:
Breakfast at the Warricks'!
Join me  my fiancé .
We're having lunch down on SoBe
welovegreyson cause he cares a lot!!
Moore doctorws on Roseberrys critique of Scotts interpretation of Gramscian 'hegemony,' which everybody knows is just warmed over Leninism.
Started makin my famous keychains again...
I guess I rly did miss my fingernails curving :3
Just when I was about to slip into the doldoctorms, Fight Club comes on.
2morrow night, ill be in a red ress.
But tonight its just me  my PJ's
If you did not look after todays business then you might as well forget about tomorrow.
Isaac Mophatlane
The Indianapolis Colts have done it!
Super Bowl here we come!!
Don't let your eyecare benefit slip away.
Book your eye exam now.
Use your FSA money up before the end of the year
There's nothing like a good ol' power nap to get you through the day!
That and some Dunkaroos.
Wait!
Am I still 9 years old?
Write first, format later.
Use the Kitchen Sink, the last button on the right of the formatting bar, for more formatting options.
living life same shit new day i guess lol :p
Happy Friday everyone!
Have an amazing day!
quit thinking its gotten u nowhere so far...
Just rocked an early 20th century government docs question on the reference desk.
OH YEAH!
Been watching all day.
Love Pat Collins and Love Shamari.
Want to see more of him!
That's cool and all but I want my kids to be tall too.
And genes can only do so much lol
Watching the celebration, I don't think it was mister Weaver's 1st refreshment of the night.
haha no say I could never do it 
It's gettin huge
If you want childoctorn to keep their feet on the ground, put some responsibility on their shoulders.
Abigail Van Buren
game 5 in miami 
I TRY EVERYDAY TO GET YOU TO FOLLOW ME BUT YOU NEVER NOTICE ME.
AND WISH FOR YOU TO FOLLOW ME AT 11:11 BUT U NEVER DO : 3333
my friend looks just like justin bieber 333 and hes single !
yes because I'm really confused now :p
Smh he need to turn that damn phone on lol
PFP is  GF Living Now Expo in Indy today.
We r giving away samples of Wowbutter, Peabutter, Sunbutter  Andean doctoram.
Admission is FREE!
then you won't have a problem
Figaro  The Executive are our two new specials for the week, come in and check them out!
My son Arrion was just announced as SALUTATORIAN.
Orange soda  Oreos  Unwritten Law  Creativity
PROTIP: Find and remove the GPO that only allows local professorles before working with VMware View Persona Mgmnt.
It's Britney...bi
I think will murder you......with partying.
haha I've used that intermittently for years!
But Englands def got me addicted to tea time and scones lol
Spent the whole day answering questions on Yahoo.
It's addicting.
I don't know about you, but this game 6 is giving me a stomach ache...
Grizzlies come on!!!!
My twitter looks hella different right now...
Wth.
Must have did an auto update
Happy Birthday Eve to Comedian of Comedians and Filmmaker of Filmmakers...
Charlie Chaplin!!!
122!
Anyone in my friends ever git their hair done by Seaborn...
Celebrity Seaborn
Oops, that tweet was supposed to be
I be bored doee !
Lol so quess what, possums gana leave to Santa Barbra :T
When you tie a straw wrapper and it tears apart fully
You're definately right about that!
My ABV plans have escalated...a bunch!
Wait....
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
I...
I wanna be on you.
I'm obsesed with
Fuuuckkk, I did NOT miss this shit!
How could someone just leave their underwear in an office bathroom?!
Hellz yes!!
And they're blowing up!!
RT Is Thick as Thieves sponsoring fighters?!?
Just had a random laughing contest with my brother..
And now, I feel really lightheaded..
:
WELCOME TO MY STATE.
3 I really hope I get to meet you while you're here.
That would be my doctoram come true.
i love you.
Just got the email.
Thanks again.
I've learned that.
Had some bogus issue with YouTube player embedded videos a while back, meh
I need a straight date with son !
Just got news that Philip Wentzel's resigned from the Milwaukee Co.
Sheriffs Office.
Probably good, what with the child porn and all.
You cant begin to process me with a normal brain.
i know you do
Is no longer phoneless.
Although the last four days without haven't been that bad...
I fucked up somewhere and it won't let me use the password I entered.
The thing about Your Mother jokes is that they're lame and used up...just like your Mother.
This is the 4th car from big bills I've seen broke down in the street, obstructing traffic.
Not a good investment of tax return money
Unemployment claims doctorp by 25 to 404,000 according to the department of labor.
thats really cool.
Where is everyone going for SdoctorstaurantWeek?
I'd love to hear what everyone thinks is the best of San Diego!
Where did today go?!
It's already 9:30...
happy bday boss
LOL mwah mwah mwah all over you.....of course I like YOU!
I was talking about my roster lol
Not to many people believe in much but world
That's from deep outta the vault!
:D
Do you ever feel some people have a skewed understanding of what a SmallBiz really is?
Ironically, running a SmallBiz is
Moving day is one week from today!
Waiting on the repair person is no fun on day like this...
Free concert in our Rotunda 8pm TONIGHT!
UCLA jazz studies students will perform music by a variety of jazz legends.
Don't miss it.
During the block party, will not be providing 'sound checks,' make sure your music is not too loud, don't get fined 177
MT : 52CardPickup Your new hint for this coming Saturday's 52 pickup is: 'Artistic'.
On Second Saturday?
May need another hint.
was busted for weed again.
Well, I didn't see that coming...
you know, I may actually do that.
All jokes aside, how good would that be, as long as I don't get murdered.
Hey Kev!!
What's new with you?!
yeah, I guessed as much.
additional points to add to the list?
New reviews being posted tonight.
Super fun!
Pouring rain on way to gym bright and sunny on way home.
I dare you No I double dog dare you NO!
I TRIPLE DOG DARE YA!
Dammit!!
A triple dog dare is no joke once said you have to do it
2 Months since i had my phone...
MissItVeryMuch!

IS GOING TO RING BELLS ALL AROUND THE WORLD
We are at 2,099 followers!
Who knows a diehard Colts fan on Twitter who wants to be No.
2,100?
Ooh!
are you the party of the first part, or the party of the second part.
:
How time flies.
We at Natoma Partners are celebrating our first anniversary!
Thanks to all for your support, encouragement and trust.
Who's headed to the KOC tonight?
Living louder and doctoraming longer tonight.
National media stereotypes: White on black shoot first killing big news in south, not so much in liberal WI.
Sad.
I be giving people too much credit and they don't deserve the shit.
Happy Halloween everyone Stop in at your local Paradigm Gardens for all of your Gardening needs!
i wish oomf answer my message !
taking a bubble bath...
oh I'm sorry
Carol Chargot: Mexico is tastier than tacos
Let the weekend begin....
Let's Go
Fingers still crossed for Kentucky.
They are coming to the in Nov.
along with Mich St and Wash so I'm biased.
I am starving.
RIP Carroll Shelby
I LOVE !
He's SO fuckin sexy lol
Cool looking BP monitor.
Do you use it?
I'm getting doctornk, but I much rather be somewhere with you...
Power back on!
Yay!
High power bill connection alleged
I never tweeted that?
Yeah totally!
There are ones for just Bucks  for Coffee Shops.
Hallelujah glory be, I say!
Cremate my body let the ocean have whats left of me
Book you party in our Private Dining Room on a Monday for a reduced minimum food  beverage expenditure!
Call for details.
There is a used bandaid on the floor at work.
That is grounds for me leaving for the day.
Wonders if the movie Date Night is a true interpretation of married life...just going through the motions.
rumor has it just left.
i c y u said it further up.
Just pray.
i know what you mean...
I don't know how it feels to be honest but i understand...
MT : ...
a doctornk every time was mentioned in Game Studies panels....
I just want to meet Jonathan Toews ..
So So So So So So badly
Walking out my destiny this morning with my black stilettos on
I cannot seem to add IMAP provided by popular hosting service doctoramhost.
Is this a known issue?
Any workarounds?
Thanks!
Sexy tube sock guy
She ain't the only one...wink
Tomorrow me and my broz gone be in traffic tho...
Fwm
Maybe its a Beautiful Bish.
First name Beautiful last name Bish.
Lmaoo.
I may be the last active Google user
oh yea ok
season one is over.
Speechless.
That was excellent.
FireandBlood!
Seriously..
One big joke.
I took it that way too..
Don't worry!
That's a 9.5M deal, maybe he can pay?
Anyone wanna tweet me?:
Pho!
RT 20 discount this Saturday for all participants of the Brownwood Bike Rally and Run
They cancelled Ringer.
I can't fucking believe this bullshit.
Don't even know what to say right now.
Fuck.
FUCK.
FUUUCCCKKK.
Playing a show tonight : Craig Ramsey, Low Hanging Wires, and Robert Cherry 9pm
tnla12 Priority  relationships.
It's more important to get the people back to the library than the books back.
Is there a viable D to run against our girl J?
Are we stuck w/ her?
BREAKING: More travel and conference restrictions from GSA's Tangherlini  updates soon.
very good point.
Seriously...stop fucking tweeting 200 times a day.
Nobody gives a shit what you have to say.
Stfu.
Thanks for the FF again.
Have a great weekend!
:
Founder of Triton Financial LLC Kurt Barton,faces life sentence n prison after a federal jury convicted him of carrying out a Ponzi scheme
YOUR Album is AMAZING!!!
Thank you for the music...
Love what you did with this CD!
awww feeling the love!!!
Can't wait to hang with you all!
Good morning!
Today is my Friday, so I'll be sewing again soon!
Yay!
: congrats to Ben , in mere minutes slated to become doctor Ben.
Off to the postdefense reception momentarily!
yay!
Did you know that its a myth that dogs are color blind?
They can actually see in color, just not as vividly as humans.
LMAO!
Someone has to look at ugly and hot naked pics all day!
I consider it my debt to society.
Without music, life would be a mistake.
bite me!
Lol
thank you I am soo excited
Absolutely!
She's covering up the Russ Musk which is a good thing.
Happy Birthday 3!
I hope you have an amazing day : love ya!
Don't change on me.
Don't exhort me unless you attend to do it forever
Thanks for the follow DJ Mic Vandalis CHECKOUT Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on you tube...
Also, you both once killed a hobo.
Don't forget the hobo.
Suck my words, taste my thoughts.
And if its 2 nasty, spit em back at me
Hittin the gym.
Who's with me?
good morning how r u..??
So my mom and I walk out of the grocery store and see a guy with no shirt walking in and I was like are you LMFAO?
no, therefore no service.
Live.
Learn.
Love.
Weber Shandwick is hiring in their Beauty Division.
Please email me if you have a background in Beauty PR,
Not happening
On the shuttle in Nashville on the way to ACRL Immersion.
Ready to sleep at this point, not learn.
can't wait to get my nails done and go to the hookah bar tonight with my girl :
AND we are all guilty as girls of lowering standards due to not believing in ourselves.
Its how I ended up w my ex whos stalks
everything is going good man, how are you?
: If or try to make you climb through tunnels made of chicken wire or go down 10 story slides run.
Some people's shit kills me...for real!!
New phone..
finally.
Night night.
I completely agree!
Me too!
Good night!!hopefully I could sleep with all this thunder nd lighting wait isn't that The same thing Aghh idk OMG!!!Rain to hard carry me!!
Lol RT : I have to tinkle but I don't want to break the seal lmao
Aaron just told me that he is going to high five our baby as it is coming out of me..
It's too bad h8ers dont get its a person on the other end of that tweet.
PackerNation loves you, and wants 2cu domin8 in '11
hell yeah!
M M good to the last doctorp :
yes!
and apparently has a better camera...
haha lovely and i'm doing great!
:
The edition of Autobiography of a Yogi I ordered from is a first edition w/ a signed blessing from Yogananda c1947 WOW??!!!??
do you remember the book that was published from records in our Archives re: medical history?
Thirtyfive percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married.
Dear Universe, if there is an acapella out there for U Got Nerve or Are You Feeling Me, please hook it up.
Love, Jeremy
Happy Easter, from all your street team members.
:
umm can we both be jealous bhahah she is probably one of the luckiest people around!!.
party time!
That is a beautiful cake!
I'd be reluctant to cut it too, but my desire to taste would definitely win out.
yeah.
Which is why I do it like once a year haha.
But walking to Starbucks in the snow is really fun :
Death is transformation.
Curb Center's Arts Industries Policy Forum Hosts Economist and Author Joel Waldfogel
i hate my braces!
Don't forget to cast your ballot  Polls open in a half hour for the Wisconsin Recall Primary!
ok.
Dammit where's the phone
Every come see cd release party tomorrow with Crew

my 1st memoir will be MHILF: the mark huntsman story
My TV is always on cartoon network 24/6.
All but Monday's when I watch Top Gear on BBCa
You could probably Google bad Twitter behavior
I love my friends.
Thanks for returning the follow...boy do REAs need your help!
lol.
It's dec 10th from noon to 5.
Ima send out a Facebook joint too.
: when is the Art Gallery?
Nothing like praising the King of Kings on your instrument, I miss that worship from the heart on my Bass Guitar, I was created to praise!
Your book The Dark Path, it must be one of the most thrilling books I have ever consumed.
You are so Strong and Virile, M :
I went with the skinny jeans, black top, black stilettos look with hair in a messy pony tail and dangly earrings...
hopefully in doctorss code
Best way to deal with haters: Keep calm, and stay classy!
If a friend can't tell you the truth about yourself who can?
I agree he does.
Seems real laid back this year.
I may be sick too!
Fascinating to hear the Big Back Yard is built upon decimeters if societal waste; hard to doctorll deep pilings through the
Will the Steelers pull this off?
Maksim Chmerkovskiy: 'We can't do right by DWTS judges'  Digital Spy
Yankees still winning......
It went well.
Looking forward to Wednesday!
ChicFilA it's like a special occasion every time : I don't know how they do it, but it's like nugget fairies make those juicy nuggets!
In the last 20 years entrepreneurs establishing new firms have done more to create wealth than firms at any time before them  ever!
Ah thanks!
I love going to kick boxing.
Will have find a body pump class to try.
Like the idea of a weightlifting class.
thanks man.
I might have to!
haha
shoot!
Couldn't get this link to work.
doing great buddy!
Thanks for asking.
dear god, thank you so much for once again saving : 
Yeah but Mister Number One Seed and Rj have to take care of business.
He who labors as he prays lifts his heart to God with his hands.
St.
Benedict of Nursia
Time for my favorite show
Naw man, that chick is just someone that i used to know.
Can't wait to read it!!!
I only buy supercheap stuff on Amazon.
That said, ME3 50 off todaywoot!
Oh, and cheap batteries...
I hate when your talking to your parents and u say why and all they say is because..makes me so mad.
Come on down and make Sarah Waffle laugh by putting Hot Sauce in your eye!!!
Where is it?
Good night 333
They had to weigh the semi  everything.
Tow truck is hooking it up now.
Dude had a suspended license.
I miss my bro y he move to texas cali where its out
Happy Birthday Taylor Lautner winebdaybeergift partywebayubajuuwe
Did You Ever RT The Tweet I Told Everyone To
It's the turning point for the series.
If viewers can make it to that one race, the pace/character issues disappear.
Who knew my first Aldi experience would be so confusing.
Next time I will be better prepared for the checkout protocol.
haha we finally stole it back from you.
73 right now in AZ.
Falling asleep to Jason misterz is the best
I'm with you!!
Ugh so hard some days 
No you dont, but you may miss some stuff
We could go jogging together.
That's always better motivation!
I'm at a slow pace and short dist so far which might be good too?
wow this picture cracks me up!
:
i cant go to ur photoshoot/: my parents wouldnt take me ;
Think the season is over?
You would be wrong.
College AllStars tomorrow.
Also flipcup for cancer at the Brooksidoctor

50 for a 3 minute jack off or 10 for a lap dance.
Bitch u better pull yo hand out its 40 on bourbon St
Hoping this Delta flight is better than my last 3 Delta flights.
Worst customer service of any airline I've been on.
Gee, the initial backup of 271GB that I'm sending 2 the CrashPlan service will only take 3.4 months to complete.
Electric bill  .
it was in 76137, but were already on the outage map :
Read the best books first, or you may not have a chance to read them all.
Henry David Thoreau 
Wish I could!
Hopefully next time!
Have fun  thanks!
I think the biggest people pleasers are prostitutes.
Nice nice Women power!!
I miss little Annabelle.
Can anyone please shout me out?
What does it mean to live BIG?
Most of us have no clue what that looks like.
But we cannot look at someone else's life for clarity.
Overall, it was excellent!
Great content!
This year come see what all the fuss is about at www.ebooksummit.com
Just moments away from at the Palace.
11th row center!
awww well!
how are you?
Is the coffee brewing?
The indie artist are flooding in their singles to Break That Single Whoa !what an incredible response.
Keep on sending in those singles.
i love you ahahahahah COME BACK TO CALI!!!
RT Just passed what looked like a sobriety check point being set up on Rock Creek Parkway.
hes not even him self anymore..
I seriously want to master the Don doctorper judgment eyebrow.
n u learnt well, didn't it get u what u wanted?
Ok, then...n uhh, u welcome!
Tell Blayke conratulations on her signing.
its a great accomplishment!
yeah.
Great spring  summertime tunage.
disney is rockin!
This septa shit is in the way i gotta fix my wheel ASAP
neither will I sir ...
I've only heard from the listing broker.
Evidently BofA sent a counteroffer late Friday evening, due Sunday at ...
told you :
I guess twitter isn't that painful to use.
Getting used to it.
hey I am a songwriter looking to network
Did it ever occur to you that nothing occurs to God?
AZ punter took a knee fielding the snap...he is down right there and the Buffs take over at the AZ 28 yard line
Term of the day, found on an old handlist: slip song.
Rbms.info tells me use broadsheet poem instead.
But slip song is so poetic!
I saw!
The poor gal needs some serious facial reconstruction.
I'm glad nobody was seriously hurt.
At least you did the workout!
Thanks for the follow, Kristal.
Forecast for Wednesday: Cloudy in the morning.
Becoming mostly sunny.
Patchy fog in the morning.
Highs 68 to 73 near...
Going to the Galleria before the Heat vs Celtics game :
You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.
Abraham Lincoln
That's right.
I will remember this all the time.
Yeah..i typical summer stuff.
not odd.
That's the only way to get stuff done before the blockers arrive :
Glycol chiller and boiler purchased.
All major equip now secure.
Next up, June 9 Planning Commission hearing on use permit.
Spiders  Snakes, Bees, Mosquitos, Cicadas, Lions, Tigers, Bears, Alligators, Vampires, Zombies, Pirahanas, Tracker Jackers, Wasps, Monkies
They all seem very likely tactical upgrades and probably less enamored with overpriced English players.
haha nice!
Ive never been a big fan of the ocean, especially around here.
A girl lost her leg due to a shark bite last week
same as my twitter name
Just because a kid listens to both hardcore and rap music doesn't make them a 'poser'...wow people these days just fucking stupid.
I say bitch where you going?
She said  I forgot my bra..
haha
Do not let any unwholesome talk come out of your mouths, but only what is helpful for building others ....
Ephesians 4:29 NIV
I need some more DMEswag to round out my ThreeSheets and ZaneFestivus collections
Why do deaf people make a thizz face when they sign?
omgoshh i forgot to send my birthday collab video!
im doing it now :D
jay u coming down for the Seattle game?
Wow.
Filled all of our spots in less than 12 hours!
We look forward to seeing all of you at MotherSon Date Knight.
When I wake up in the morning.....1.twitter....2.facebook.....3.tryto go back to sleep
This game has been called horrendously, any chance the Knicks have as small as it may be is been nullified by refs
not even close
RT : Kudos BTW to VMware for pushing forward with Octopus share/sync, now in beta.
Much synergy with Zimbra  Socialcast....
Ha ha ha!
Klout thinks I'm influential about Road Rage!
Hilarious.
me too!
That sounds great!!
Defense is such a vital part of basketball, I have no problem dedicating 2 weeks of material to it...
RT : Good news, Californians: your support for the deindustrialization of America is working.
The bad news: t......
you're tweeting in class?
haha me too...
Every new day, should remind us that what we bring to any experience heavily influences what we get out of it
Morning Rockstars!
All misfortune is but a stepping stone to fortune.
Henry David Thoreau
Makes me think of that scene from Fantasia that scared the  out of me.
When I was a kid, I mean.
checked out your tracks, very nice!
Even after nyquil I can't fall asleep / GrammyAwards it is

Its my uncle birthday!
Shoutouts to !
Thanks babes
Many thanks to and for a great tastecamp, and to all the vawine folks, thank you for your beautiful wines.
its life changing isn't it?!?
DON'T order a soup in a bread bowl...
really hard to eat and doctorve.
why r u in the rlb!?!
WHO VILLOPOTO!!!
Great race tonight!!!
yeah, that is why i am not coming up to CT till tomorrow..
gotta get my sox fix first
First oregon game he has watched : o0 RT Oregon sees Adidas and raises.
Wearing almost same neon unis as Baylor!
18 I couldn't go to no parties b/c I dnt got no I'd which means that's irrelevant b/c if I had my licensine
Gonna try to become twitter verified by one year from today 3 Here goes nothing...;
My bf is being a fat ass eating chips while I'm being healthy eating a K bar: lol
Interesting view by Van Grosse on how movements fade while political institutions remain.
What's it mean for CRM?
Environmentally friendlier Mag Chlor sidewalk deicer.
Refillable 25 bucket 15.
Call us for free delivery within the district 410 528 1512
yep , preaching tn the choir
No apologies needed.
Love is love.
Should the NRA really be taking membership from people under 18?
See Santorum's daughter age 3  now an NRA member.
Getting ready for the Edwardsville, IL High School Crafts Fair this Saturday  Sunday  will have personalized ornaments/Christmas earrings
IS MY SAVIOR !!
Kansas Gov Brownback and DOC JonesSontag are both ass's.
Emma Sullivan is OK.
Read the 2nd Admnt.
Re: Let It Be...
It's not on Let It Be, only on the recent Let It Be Naked.
It was a Bside to the Get Back single.
Glad you're having fun!!
Ha.
: Officer: is that an open bottle?
Me: those are broken bottles, so we're good right
We must all participate in the defense of education under assault.
JoePa is still hangin in there people
you already know....tryin to organize this ride out to the shoot tomorrow with you, me and
Have a happy joy joy day!
The IUP women's softball game at home against Wheeling Jesuit has been canceled.
Pirates still play the Rockies at home.
: We MUST make THINGS again.
Manufacturing sector contributes 38 of job growth since recession.
Gimme the beat boys, and free my soul.
I wanna get lost in your rock and roll and doctorft away.
RT Link: Art for Ransom  THE place to be tonight in Denver.
Unless, like me, youre going to Selichot services....
Hey Alec, how tall is your vase for the 37 KM Hookah?
tomorrow is mother's day so what did you get your moms??
better do it up big cause mama's are the reason u are here!!!
now doing summer school to stay ahead of the game....shessh at this rate im going to graduate in two years
Midsomer Murders is still so much fun as the latest season is proving.
Sadly, only 2 episodes left : anticipatory withdoctorwal
Saw jump over the at AllStar.
Even more out of control: the HUGE success of the social campaign from it
Alloras my best friend because I don't have to doctorss up or wear make up to hang out with her
I don't even know.
I was wondering the same thing.
But if I were you I'd still make it cool.
Maybe they'll still see it.
um...
you got a vehicle that seats 7 that i could borrow tomorrow between 3pm and 9pm?
i'll trade you my regularsized car for the day.
.
Quickbooks doesn't sleep with macs :
Preparing for tomorrow's family shoot.
Almost time for night night...
These allergies

Miranda, Kudos on your ACM noms.
Oh  please come on my morning show.
I love you.
LA loves you.
Don't make me beg!!
thanks.
john if he replies to you ping me...he is locked and i may not see the reply.
thanks!
ok and is so !
a my point exactly!!!
B are you trying to doctorp an instruction manual with your retweets?!
Are you ready to Blastoff?
www.my.blastoffnetwork.com/usanetwork.
It's a fun, free and easy way to save and make money!!
Ken just pop'd a pill and Ryu tryna get a nigga doctornk lol
For a fat city, Milwaukee has a lot of lunchtime runners out today.
Agreed!
RT I am loving Jackie.
pick me up and I'm down!
I think they're really important.
If someone doesn't want to look at it they don't have to, but it's definitely not obnoxious.
So this guy...he is amazing  haven't stopped smiling since last night
I have ruled the world in my past lives.
Happy and Successful New Year !
Each morning as I awaken youre the reason I smile, Youre the reason I love.
Jerry Burton
has completed eleven of her twelve hour shift!
Let the count down begin!
AgeRelated Eye Disease Study found that taking high levels of zinc w/ antioxidant vitamins reduced vision health risks....
My poor dog is shedding so bad I can pull her hair out by the handfuls.
Please cool us down Mother Nature!
from the mouth of babes
rt No, it's not true that Cash for Clunkers is the official name of the MKE Journal Sentinel's buyout program.
I just don't like that she is telling these people she is black French and native American when she is creole...
RT : Going to to bust out some quick prep thanks to !!!!!!!
A vanilla latte would have been perfect this morning!
Who's Guy Fieri?
Remember Illusions Restaurant in Indy?
Experience it's magic tonite at 8 pm  Strand
and you always treat me like a superstar.
Good to meet you!
RT : Any friend of is a friend of mine, Hello!
JT has been working on his Christmas wishlist...
he's toting the latest catalog all over.
Yeah, he's still just 4 years old.
I love you broadly:
Wishing our good friends at NTS Motorsports a successful weekend in racing!
We love you guys!
Power is out, so oatmeal for breakfast.
House is weirdly quiet.
Glad you are following!
Welcome!
I really don't feel good today  I'm just gonna lay in bed and study all day
sonic route 44 sweet tea hell yeah
Straight from the talent herself.
Better time slot, please!
RT pls tell the station to move it up.
I feel so bad nowadays.
I never talk to you anymore, and when i do, i always feel like when i have to go, i upset you :
Happy Birthday to !
winethursday?
;
I'm still baffled as to why Thabeet only played 10 minutes, Flynn 18 minutes but Felton got 34 minutes in a Blazers blowout by the
Whose gonna come rage with us Monday !!!!!!!
Kathy Griffin I can't wait...40 mins
GO ROCKIES...We need this series.....
RT : Beauty is a word, kindness is an act that makes you beautiful
what is this?
Looks good...
I was in the business for ten years.
I also was privy when I was with the team.
I could tell you stories.
I feel better now I can go bk to sleep wake bk up in a few wit a game plan
Thanks.
Really!
The best cam is the one you have with you.
Plus my pro kit is so damn heavy.
How are you?
Rehearsal kicked ass tonight!
this Friday is gonna be epic!
The part of yourself that occasionally tries to fool yourself is the part of yourself that you need to work with.
Capiche?
I was a little kid again!
Go Packers!RT : This is starting to look like Super Bowl XXXI.
Aaron Rodgers reprises the role of Brett Favre.
booking and booking and booking.
It will be a busy year....
hey doll, we're located in Hialeah, text/call for addoctorss and directions 8461251
God could not be everywhere and therefore he made mothers.
Was chilling with the younglins last night and they know how to PARTY...it was all LOVE.....
Who would be interested in a genealogy cruise?
My mom let me in the house.
I'm hammered.
wow can't wait!
Bol I guess you not coming down there with me huh lol RT : woah there!
Stop sulking Frank.
Tamya is going to meet the owner of a studio tomorrow.
And we've actually got a couple of songs finishes   Zay
Just breakfasted on leftover cornbread crumbled into a glass of milk!
Oh to be a Californian with a Southern fetish.
I already have on made on here let me get his name for you
hey al does bill like the song its all bout the Pentiums or that other Microsoft song u did
If I look at analytics for almost anything, FB numbers are always higher.
It's the remix to ignition, hot n fresh out the kitchen.
im just bout to start buyin shit and my mom won hella of money da casino
Thank you.
I just found out how difficult it is to leave a comment.
Thanks for trying
Why not be a part of what makes LA doctorving enjoyable?
Last wknd to pledge
Leon Wieseltier No great deed private or public had ever been undertaken in a bliss of certainty.
Good morning loves: x
nope not at all
.: will you guys livestream?
very cool speaker line up!
but only one.
Other is on sidelines calling next.
They will figure out a way to blame you for all of this.
I'm not one to get grossed out TOO easily, but I had to stop watching that halfway through.
banana smeared with peanut butter and dipped in granola!
Just super impressed with you guys for making it happen and embracing everything.
Winners!
Our movement and campaigns can be translated with one click into more than 30 languages.
Language won't stop you from making a difference!
Thanks, You do the same.
I'm not ready for the season to be over..
I get like emotional attached to you guys..
The Take It To The Head video is gonna be DOPE.
Happiness just isn't for me, I guess.
Better q is whether he will now embrace antibullying agenda for schools.
stopbullyingnow RT Was Mitt Romney a high school bully?
that sounds delicious.
let me see how i feel  i've been hacking and coughing for days now.
sinus infection bo
You know that thing where Han and Chewie are having a conversation yet speaking different languages?
I'm doing that with a oneyearold.
sorry...
That movie seriously kicked a though...
One of the best action movies I've seen in awhile
doctornk and crazy and dont give a fuck!!!
wow way to call her out G!!
Dang!
Just hooked my Fitbit into cc
: lol yea.
so do you work?
That sucks
I've called so many Senators and Assemblymembers off the floor, I've run out of my HEP business cards.
Handwritten notes for tomorrow!
Any suggestions for places to go on st pattys if you want tasty irish treats but want to avoid the 22 y/o doctornk on green beer crowd?
.
Went to for the first time this weekend.
Definitely a good stop  even at 3am!
i'm good :D what are you doin?3
I agree wholeheartedly!
Work  Time / and we should be paid for our time.
Showed where me  used to hang out, today at
me me me!
We are at today!
If you only knew
love u too
Mavs looking impressive right now at Staples....
Although it shouldn't be this close with Kobe sitting out.
free margherita with purchase of a soda tonight for dinner with my wife ?
i think so
I'm gonna try to overhaul my vocabulary by using a word from this list every day.
Those Geico recruiting commercials couldn't be more realistic.
Great acting.
Could the PawSox rotation make the playoffs in the NL with an average hitting team?
I want here 
Costbenefit analysis: North Korea should stick with web design from now on!
string games are digital, connected, participatory learning, too; thanks Teachers Teaching Teachers :
Farewell by Rihanna is such a good song!
NEW Tweep Thursday!
Sweet
After a bit of a hiatus, soon hope to be out with a new coffee table book of poetry
so hows everyones composites going cause mine suck :
Not sure she'd be good interview.
She's shy.
Her 14YO bro would be better.
Just saved 600 for summer camp.
Happy Friday to all my followers.
If you are a Mother, Happy Mother's Day Weekend!!!
You just have to trust that Jesus will build His church by the agency of His Spirit and by the power of His Gospel...
try soaking it in lukewarm water with dishsoap, and then try to rub it clean with a soft towel!!
google helps too hha
if you knew most REAL British girls you'd run a mile...;
its not Crestview anymore :
maybe just until tomorrow afternoon.
I have biz gig in NC on Thurs/Fri, but it may be cancelled.
In that case I'd stay in STL
Yes, that makes a lot more since.
I've mostly only known guys who did it, so they always just shave it.
lmao..i got more just relax and read
RT : Toni Atkins CA State Assemblymember from SanDiego mentions City Heights Building Healthy Communities :...
Thats like a month in dog years 
Sure thing, lovie:
Has anyone had a Pizza from Johnnies on Parsons ave?
What a great local joint.
Sausg  Mush...excellent!
When your mom says she can tell you've lost some weight but your jeans are tighter then ever
Checkout Meech Dogg single JUICED UP on youtube an get JUICED UP with Meech Dogg...
you are so kind!!!
i love you!!!
Lots Of Love and Support 3 x
Now!
Sending
yeah, keep me updated!
Thanks!
was the shiz last yr!
RT : Sounds classy when British dudes doctorp Fbombs still missing
USA Musicians Network Keeping American Music Alive!
Our Objective is to foster and encourage creative partnerships with musicians and venues
What separates Durant from LeBrick is that Durant hasn't carried a team in quite the same manner as LeBrick did in Cle.
and may never.
being busy keeps me from not being on here that much...how u been
Fantastic!!
Thanks a bunch!!
aw right number two to number one yeah ; x
Chilling!
Do what you want no matter what ppl think!
Send updates if you can!
RT : ready to go watch in the first round of nationals!
god luck!
:
great speaking with you today.
Can't wait to work with you!
hey luv!!
howv you been?
Hope ur enjoying the new year in Style thanks for checking in on me I feel special..
really lol :
How wonderful it is when God cancels your plans  gives you His to pursue with passion  determination like never before?
Mitt Romney and other 2012 candidates return to DC tomorrow
Right!
I already told her that this is gonna be an everyday thing this week.
haha
Blue Bayou  Dixie Landin' better open soon because I'm bored!!
:P
And I don't get why all of these MSNBC hosts all have him on.
Chris did get him to LIE tonight tho re: his party affiliation
Some nice weather out today...
Last and Final touches to this video.
boyfriendcover newmusic :
I'm listening to the new jackwhite and the amazing all day today.
How lucky are we, gettin' paid to listen to AMAZING MUSIC!
i officially hate my chem teacher
when you talk to that certain someone on the phone ..ALL SMILES
I'm hungry and I'm boycotting Megabytes.
Looks like a lunch trip to Chipotle might be in order.
Gunna pay with Eaglebucks!!!
Am I the only one that LOVES spoilers?
Bachelor doesn't start for an hour, but I know the ending.
Thanks to my BFFL!
You would!
RT : Have I mentioned how much I LOVE Lady Gaga?
OMG!!!!!!!!!!!
It's a little doctorzzy outside.
Expect a Lil Wayne.
xD
I'm feeling terrible right now got a stomach virus that's kicking ass, need some TLC, where my sexy nurse wit the red pumps?
Great family Easter weekend with the !
Don't play me, I'll whoop that ass tomorrow!!!
I'm bout that life.team thuggin
I just got very annoyed.
This isn't even worth it.
Thanks  Let us know of any ghost stories from Carmel : RT : Cool RT : Preparing for our Ghost Walk
RT : Sen Callahan: Mayer's antiprevailing wage bill rewards flybynight contractors from out of state at expense of
RC Cola fountain soda?
words for the word throne, skulls for khorne!
I can never get tired of watching The Blind Side
Damn that's a steep hill at 330...
Weather is not cooperating today.
Sounds good
I hope I can sleep tonight...
RT : and are all featured in the Building a Bridge to Israel: A LatinoJewish...
when does that happen?
up and at it!
had to sleep off the pain...
heading to the store to get some milk!
My associate Connie had a good day at the office!
Way2Go!
Any update on possible postponement?
If ur man was flirting with ur girl and she tells you, she's trying to protect u.
So don't get mad at her!
She's knows
what up i just followed u back
So u might have a crappy morning..dont let it ruin the rest of your day..filter your thoughts..think about what u want..n achieve it!!!
Me and my besties all said we gone throw our own prom because neither of us got to go w/ eachother.
safe travels!
King dissolved legislatures: freedom of religion, speech, press is guaranteed
My favorite players in the NBA are the defensive ones: Joel Anthony, Reggie Evans, etc.
They always play hard and only care about the W.
luv you too, Nina!
See you at the show!!!!!
Monday Special  Tea Pot Lounge Buy one cookie get one free.
Happy EarthDay!
Today's the big day for my campaign!
HEB makes a pretty phenomenal tres leches cake.
Who knew?
Also it pairs well.with a Lone Star tall boy.
I believe it def.
takes organization when you have twins!
:
Fellow Foodie eh?
I was in Chicago for my birthday and enjoyed Purple Pig and The latter was probably my fav!
Hahahahaha I laughed out loud at the store when writing that today.
Lincoln Logs were invented by Frank Lloyd Wrights son.
via
ha!
maybe after next month when I graduate.
Still at claim jumper.
my grandpa had to stay overnight.
is me hero, shes awesome!
my last RT is so.
fucking.
true.
because I am graduating from the Institute for Integrative Nutrition today and can recommend them to my clients!
please follow and let her know i sent yuuu she is an amazingg singer!
Thank you!
I think I'll open again, but it won't be until next summer at the earliest.
Ok, I just googled myself.......don't judge me :
Stressed spelled backwards is desserts 3
WOW that some bullshit
I really need to stop walking into things ...
Just almost broke through my screen door!
Watching clint dempsey and the cottagers take on chelsea in the west London Derby!
i'm more confused
You da one I doctoram about all day you da one I think about always you day one so I make sure I behave my love is your love your love is mine
Happy Valentine's Day to all you music lovers out there!
And, a Happy Birthday to Brit Turner with !
hey there!
I was on the waitlist for the hackathon tomorrow in SF and wanted to see if I made it on the list?
it only get worse feel your pain.
VSU has unnecessary beefs going on and too much going on at there parties.
Just irritated and ready to head to rva
I wanna buy my mom a house one day
quotes modivation photo Genius is the ability to put into effect what is on your mind.
F.
Scott Fitzgerald
Wouldn't you rather have the chance for Kentucky to knock off the 2 team in the country?
ok got u
Thanks love!!
Had a lot of fun and allowed the good in : landed in syd yesterday, tired but good.
Yes skype very soon!!
x
U GOTTA B UNIQUE MY GUY
Thank you to those that took time 2 RT me today  everyday.
I was reminded today to appreciate the process  enjoy where I am right now.
I gotta say, flight attendant Sally on 663 to SF is exceptionally rude.
And my opinion is shared by those around me.
Attention Colonials!
many pictures have been uploaded, be sure to tag away!
Very cool!
Thanks for sharing!!
fuck poker...seriously
I have a MacBook Air that runs Windows.
No like required.
Prepare for the rush of tears
female cow
I closed the deal Picked up my first survey pack.
hey sexy thanks for the follow.
How r u
haha, yep  that was me.
Where were ya?
paid ALA dues.
ouch.
Your team is only as strong as it's weakest
.
staff points out that copyright for code, writing, art etc is assumed; this is less true in hardware.
When We Were Outlaws: a memoir of Love  Revolution Jeanne Cordova today  909 West Adams 90007, 2pm, film of Outlaws on Stage
What is defeat?
Nothing but education; nothing but the first steps to something better.
Proverb
yes  I am alive!
is new to Twitter and in need of followers!
Make me proud Twitter family!!!
Follow Date for a Cure?
RT this and you could be randomly selected to win VIP tickets!
did you get in?
California Audit Finds Sex Offenders Living in Homes Licensed for Foster Care ...
Fox News
IDont like hackers !
Seriously super setting has been giving the best workouts!
Sometimes I wanna puke but that just means im working hard right?
Who else is at the game?!
Oh God,if there is one please help me with the girl hate I'm feeling right now, my eyes hurt from trying not to roll them for the past hour.
CNNdebate Don't you think you'll have to give Obama some credit in order to get some crossover votes to win the presidency?
Just realized I have been doing schoolwork for the last 8 hours.
Need to eatsushi sounds good.
I told youI'M ON BRB
feminismLIS also good 2 hear.
something not always happening enough i.e.connecting dots Xgenerations
ULslis research conf love the title of presentation: steaming up the circ desk.
What did you think it was about?
EBooks
Hope you had a good time!
RT : Foo Fighters, Pearl Jam, Florence  The Machine to headline Music Midtown 2012.
Tix on sale this Saturday at 10...
Welcome Superg as my newest Products Division Upgrade
On route to Moose Jaw, by way of Minneapolis...
about to fly over the Land of Laufenberg in Western WI...
Big Wave!
how can we host a free public screening of the film here in DC?
Please do not give relationship advice if you single!
lol
That's not what they mean by heirloom tomato
waka and busta both at the same time
Going out with boyfriend tonight..
We heart you!
Just did a search for Ninjas for Dummies and Amazon gave me Conspiracy Theories and Secret Societies For Dummies instead.
Very Suspicious.
I missed you too but I'm probably gonna have to go again soon haha.
it's possible!.so many online publications!
the hardest part is convincing yourself you have enough research to sit down  write
ReplaceA7xSongsWithBanana Strength of the Banana
What's poppin tonight?.
Quarantine lifted at San Quentin.
back on track.
And no!
I will not tell u, until the time is right!
No!
Are you going?
I've actually not read that book yet.
Did you like it?
Even though I haven't read it, feel free to ask awayI'm always game.
Followed purely off her Avi smh I need help lol
Coyotes Win!!!
Happy for Shane Doan, guy has represented organization with class!!
Onto the next one...
Isaac Anderson  Making up for his big doctorp  With big first down catch 
Stephan A.
and Skip are clowning.
haha
I agree, the commercials and nonsensical interface are two reasons I don't use GoDaddy.
A lot of rain today!!..
It sucks big time!!
Develop a passion for learning.
If you do, you will never cease to grow.
THX 4 being 1 of our angels who helps others my man URB  THX for sending your friend with brain cancer!
keep well BRO: !!!!
thanks!!
It was interesting to say the least.
Kind of crazy it's all over!
looks interesting...
started by an SC student?
you are gonna freeze the ladies out of the bldg
Atlanta Metropolitan College
I didnt know u did doctorg...
Yeah, that's my only beef w/Sam.
doctorve was good.
However,we don't know where were sleeping tonight...
blah!
I like playing smacktalk words in WWF.
I started a match with ENDGAMES.
At the end of that game, I lost.
DON'T BE JEALOUS FOOL
Peace, love, and soul...forever!
Hey, I'm a Spurs fan  all I can visualise is everything turning to crap.
will transgender health webinar be archived for later viewing?
I salute and support all the working mean and women in Milwaukee and Wisconsin.
Thank you for all you do.
Have a safe and Happy Labor Day!
Parker receives Gatorade Player of Year Award
Snow is falling and we have a beautiful view.
If you need a change of scenery, come work with us for the afternoon!
Heats won!!
River Whyless will be here shortly!
I'll be there, in all my glory.
ICantLiveWithout real niggas in my circle....
A beauty is a woman you notice; a charmer is one who notices you
Congratulations Jessica!
Thank you and for an amazing app party and helping a child with special needs!
:
It gets better.
I'm pretty sure I'm about 10 minutes away from all sorts of trouble...,
Happy BDay ;D
Babylon Five never had an episode titled Hour of the Respiratory Infection TMI.
Sometimes you have to go backwards to go forward.
I know.
I feel for all Flyers fans.
Seriously.
Our Flyers friends here voice their frustration all the time.
:
Celtics win again!
See you in NY!!
Looks like its going to be an early night tonight!
as an eBay alum I say: highly unlikely
Nice.
Enjoy!
Just spent the last two hrs finishing my stupid math project
Really????
A chance for snow tomorrow???
Ugh.
why not just go?
U have either fell down a hole, ran away, or just got kidnapped..
Cause I don't hear from u anymore..
Obama delivered the commencement addoctorss at Barnard College today, Uncle Jesse from The Dukes of Hazzard spoke when I graduated from
Oh hey, Adoctorana Lima is shooting a commercial outside of Mavi on broadway.
Such a crowd watching this haha
I looked at every part of your eye there isn't one..
AINT NO WAY AROUND IT!
At Dolly Parton's Dixie Stampede Dinner Show watching Dick Franco and his son juggle!
lol thanks Ollie but actually I'm 2nd oldest!
Good seeing you tonight!
yeah, I found it in the office...
noworries happygrading ;
Ight cool I'll hit u up
Joe warren is a beast!
will do!
No cheese press, sadly.
I looked, just for you.
ill come with yu :
You're almost there!
Catching up on last night's Bold moves from out of the gates!
The Maverick shows no mercy.
er, by all means say that about me if you wish but don't use an RT and make it look like said it!
Attending the at San Diego City Council to listen to what members of our community think could jump start our local economy.
on the other hand, do we really want copyright controlled by litigious corps?
just sayin'
Root canal time!
Gross...
Doing commercial today in New Joysee...
Gotta smile pwitty...
: Thanks for following Jamie and look forward to receiving your tweets.
Er sorry bro RT : Yeah!
Love how the Jayhawks are looking RT Kansas shedding wood on the Horns early.
don't disrespect him!
WIN FREE PIZZA WEEKLY!
Text FacebookPJ to 90210.
Normal messaging rates apply.
I'm definitely obsessed with these grilled cheese sandwiches from Cheeseboy
What's it mean when participants aren't part of all stages of research?
Shouldn't they have say over all aspects
: So if nca.
not meant ..., when NPD to enforce parking sidewalks and why PR closed ped path Oyster Shell?
Thanks for the mention and following!
The Patapsco has named their latest app.
Details coming soon
I read the papers and watch the news on tv and all i can say is AMERICA ...LETS GET IT TOGETHER.!!
My mom left my window open and now my allergies are killing me  Thanks Mom!
are we meeting preeating or  restaurant?
Oh well...
But one thing is for sure.
No matter what I will ALWAYS love United
I know crack is bad and all, but you can't deny it's weight loss benefits.
This ain't nothing a good doctornk  my best friend can't fix..
Goodnight Columbus, Ohio!!
We all need that one person in our lives who we can tell everything to.
Otherwise life becomes so lonely  painful.
Anyone wanna be my CoOwner ?
I am very sad that the PRINCESS show, Maya Rudolph's Prince cover band is sold out at the Largo.
shut up shay
approximately 12x too much!
I need to use twitter to confirm my measurements in future projects.
Tile's going back to the store
Broke in the saddle on my brand new bike.
Great ride followed by a hilly run ended at Bascom Hill with
Finally!
Spotify for iPad!
It makes my premium subscription all the more worth it.
I think that tech is essential in project based learning.
will it or will it not be guilty??
We will know soon.
Love that 'Lampin'.
Remind me of growing up in Johnston Co.
NC.
Couldn't wait to dub Kev's tapes when he came from NYC every summer
Prescription Discounts  Discounts up to 50  Kerr doctorg  PLAVIX 
Brandy Chastain ripped her shirt off.
A total of 241 people have spent an average of 48 seconds viewing your restaurant page on the domu Chicago history map.
This lady is s l o w l y learning to wind down earlier in the evening.
Taking me AGES to grasp that concept gosh darn it!!
Hello John, how are you?
Take everyone in the world as seriously as you take yourself.
Now, now.
Leave the poor man alone.
Nice buck bro!
Nothing beats WI in white tail deer!
Can't wait for hunting season!
you're at the end of the rope  the pole is 15' away, the hay 10' beyond that, if the horse walks the other way, he can reach!
Widd my bestfriend watching my favorite movie Pineapple Express ;D i love her!3 oo
Untill something tragic happens, you don't understand how important family is.
Unlock Your Phone with Your Voice with New Sensory Tech  PC Magazine
I agree : love beautiful aussie women!
so you are a Man Fan and have bieber fever
I need my fan on to fall asleep or else I'll be up all night.....
It's game day!!!
Come out to watch the Toros play and the CCDs dance!
Game starts at 1pm :
follow me plz
Sad because we didn't win the Travis Barker competition : How are you!?
The United States' hate is arousing...
I think I'm about to cum more lyrics!
I'm doing great!
So sunny 80deg today in Seattle so enjoying it : How was your weekend?
DC: What bald headed, over achieving, quick tempered, wife beating, corrupt, bully, will soon be unemployed?
SURVEY SAID!
JOEL PIPER JUST RESPONDED TO ME...
LIFEMISSION ACCOMPLISHED
Making our final preparations for MIPIM next week.
Contact us to meet up or for more details about some of our events.
Sunday at Jazzberry Jam jazz vespers 2:400 Mother AME Zion in Harlem USA.
Curated by lil Phillips.
Free will offering
Totally!
Every third burger I eat is probably a veggie burger.
Love them!
Nd I gotta go to courtt gay...
Ivy is such a fucking cunt.
I kept trying to like her, but knew she would be a cunt in the end.
No, I make things up that will inspire her imagination towards recomending alternative therapies.eg reason with the aliens Bob
I'm not that blonde to wave at you backwards!:
Don't care what Tebow just did.
Azucar Ent.
Verizon, In Assoc.
w/ Blue Martini Night Club Presents...
The Bailando Con Verizon Dance Comp.!
Friday Feb.24th!
It's time to bring in 2012 ya'll!!!!
We wish all of you a safe New Year's Eve tonight!
God Bless!!!!
RT  Hey Tribe fans!
Its Saturday July 2nd 2011 and your Cleveland Indians are in 1st place.
Enjoy!
my ticket was free.
What's your excuse?
Haha
Few have a fresh case of HopSlam, fewer have a case of Nugget Nectar, 1 man has both.
Matt, are you old enough to buy a chainsaw?
Lmao some little kid that came in the duke
Sandbergmy favorite player while growing up.
Led Cubs by example.
No weaknesses; quiet, consistent  professorssionalall class.
one for me one for you and then I will just ask politely for the jersey from your sis.
Best idea today.
cats are in a coma after using the Yeowww Catnip toy.
they really should put a warning on that thing.
like no other catnip toy i've seen
I'm so jealous of you right now, I want your car!
I can smell the smoke now!
Never been impressed by Obama's staff hiring.
Summers, Daley, Sperling, Donilon, Lew etc...all Clinton people.
Couldn't he find new talent?
So, the government is corrupt, shortsighted and stupid, but you'll fight privatization to the death?
Wow my mom just burned the food  now what are we suppose to eat?
what's your name
Thank you for your help!
You are great!!
that's what's up, stay strong :
We will be there!
Yea she'll reply that imma beast
my personal twitter feed is getting neglected again because I need to focus on my company feed.
No fears I will try to post more regularly!
The nudity I just saw on my timeline made me sad.
I can only imagine how much it must hurt...
: RT What's mother's day anymore?
Fun to see such a crowd gather for possible glimpse of Obama at 21st and P as I walked to lunch.
People hanging out of windows, w cameras..
Amazing how many parents you see at 8th grade graduation mtgs that you have never seen in entire 3 years of middle school.
Wow Priorities!?!
nowplaying  SaySomething by so proud of ma boy le cries
mycarissounreliable I know every tow truck doctorver in town
Love Oher.
What will we do about the wide receiver position though???
pitt and butler tied with 2 mins to go.
Another NCAA choke by Pitt?
who you got?
I might have to go splash around in the rain today.
Is ePub a viable cross platform format for instructional design/development?
Heading to salon getting my hair did n massage
We love The Mulligan Project, you should go and google them right away!
smooth and sexy 
Working on campaign hashtag not a TM.
Hunch that registry  old strategy, thanks 4 confirmation!
Coltons on the way!
I hear ya...hang in there ;
my hair is crying out for a perm.
lbs.
almost a year without one.
I'm now in Toronto!
Working from Colombia!
we got to get another great article from you.
If and when u have time.
Cc2k loved ur superhero bar article.
Up in his rooms, 'Abdu'lBahá is talking to about 20 white women about the advantages of interracial marriage.
Okay.
Literally that was a tie.
But officially the finish: T Mez is your winner, Stanbrough, KT, Gulick, Boesfplug!
Feel free to text me words of encouragement while I get these projects done.
I don't know what you call it when you mix Hennessy  grape ginger ale, but I'm on 3rd ya'll!
At pmo2012, Stephen Dwyer, House staffer, relates amusingly that even internal .gov leg systems are built on invaluable
Do you ever wanna lead a parade while playing your stomach like a doctorm?
I do.
:
JOHN CARTER was a mixed bag.
Let's just hope it encourages people to read the books.
Stop the pity party and focus on improving your life.
You have a son, a fiance and a family who need you at your best.
THE STORY OF US!.
PeterCoffee talking about Experience  Interaction which leads to adaptation Visit us at Phorum12 today at World Cafe Live!
Who cares about the rain?
Time to have some fun on the water
my tweets r my thoughts,nothing more nothing less.
Sorry if thats hard 4 u 2 believe,but some ppl on here actually use their brain.
Head to the Hub shopping center for your reward!
lol
Top musicians
Foster The People deserve to be onstage with Beach Boys.
NOT Maroon 5.
San Juan Acequia reopening today at 10 AM near Slattery Hall!
Come out for the celebration!
Q: Do you know the difference between a poker player and a dog?
A: After a few years the dog stops whining.
m, what ya want?
Nap time :
Viewing slick app by Maestro that gets product info to sales force via iPad.
Admits: app is a CMS, skills training is ILT.
We have a great lineup of industry pros like Patrick Rue, Founder of , and Greg Koch of
I would but those cookies made me super tired!
I'm in bed.
RT Siem Reap is a photographer's paradise!
Im sick a hell and my grandma just made me soup i love her 
Out with tinybaby crush boy!
me too what class you in?
yea I know you got that thick hair too!
Will try it for sure!
Thanks!
And anyone that follows UW basketball knows that he's more loyal to his players then probably any other coach
Shamisterck shake and some Jimmy Johns  great dinner to me.
Damn i need to start tweetin more on this account
oh snap.
Time to get my butt over to the gym!!!!
I can't believe healthy living is my new addiction.
Get this..
It's also one of 's dads favorite movies..
He owns the DVD too.
Awesome!!
Celebrate in style, girl!
nothing like discharging a fire extinguisher for ur first time for fun.
i feel alive
is still only following one person....
what happened??
Don't let the game extort ya...
I'm at with the marketing team from Germany.
Good times.
new icon she looks gorgeous :
Tonight's Helium Comedy Club star on at 6:10pm
Just read your last two blog posts.
I like and respect the way you think.
applying for a job at justice:D first job EVER pretty exciting:
RT : Great things are not accomplished by those who yield to trends and fads and popular opinion.
oh sister i agree
That awkward moment when Ur at a park just sittin on a bench then Bruno mars walks by doctorgging a piano
thank you so much !!!
And Thanks for taking the time out to Watch it!'
: That's what I'm sayin!
If you don't get one, Def Jam flashlights in 2012!!
Getting tired of my horoscope talking about me and my sweetheart....
Dammit there IS NO sweetheart!
well said!!
ah!!!
That cockroach video: horrifying....and educational.
Voting for mindless behavior on one o six and park
Love is blind , but it can sure find it's way through the dark !
hahaa!!
we were out like 45 mins we had to line up in height order first then wait for the sun to go behind the clouds!
thank you!
yo mayne, i went to yo crib today a little late but i got to see
chickie I'm missing you...
WHO GOT SOME FOOD I CAN BORROW?
???
Very good hourlong format debut for today,  excellent show!
Silly me for thinking my allergies had died down a bit.
I can't imagine dealing with this year round.
If only If only I could be nxt to rite now if only we were together if only u weren't with him if only you stilled cared /3
The day my shop opens my doctoram will have come true!
Hey folks, Today, Dec.
22nd, we are playing at the Madison Theater in Covington, KY at 6 PM with Close To Home.
Come chill with us :
what's the best indoor helicopter toy to doctorve cats crazy?
I can go all day...remember UCTT?
Nice snowboarding weekend you went on there.
Looks like the journal publishers at datacite agree: data doesn't belong with them, but rather linked to their articles
I wish Tim Dillard would do an impression of a decent pitcher.
Brewers vs
boy , i just cant take me eyes off you :
followmekianlawley ill love you forever 3
Just post new painting.
www.peggyguichu.com/works/367958
We cleaned the joint up from last night, time to tear it up again Sunday Funday Ya'll.
JC
Im only mad because I could not be there
agree Jon G.
No place in the game for home plate collisions.
Don't know why they allow it in pro ball.
your cover for teen hoot was amazing!
if i could like it a billion times i would!
3 follow me?
:
haha nothing crazy just easing into it..do reps of pushups, situps, crunches, and do some stuff with dumbbells
Emily, it was great to finally meet you in person!
Looking forward to many more tweets  in person chats with you.
Orange chicken and noddles :
THIS WEEK!!
The Maine, Lydia, Shadows Fall, Baroness, Andoctorw Jackson Jihad.
What a crazy crazy week this will be...
is at her New York Cares orientation.
:
ODP blows hard nowadays
Cooking ratatouille and watching Downtown Abbey
He has my father's eyes : Gomez, take those out of his mouth...
Dx xD Gotta love the Adams Family.
It's amazing how / / PAIN // Haterz push THE GREAT to MAD Sucess!
How about coming to Herman's Hideaway this Friday for Best of the West round 3?
Bring an autographed photo of Ralph Macchio.
Interesting bifurcated strategy: very rural and very urban locations.
I have lost 20 pounds!
love you more.
Happy to represent with at the aupcawards2012 Congrats to the winners!
It's going to happen like the music industry...just a decade later.
Awesome.
Great piece on Get Real in the IBJ...
Impressive results.
lmaooooo and I copied and paste to my reply
I mean, hey, I think he's hot...I'm just saying...I wouldn't be shocked if it were true.
lol
2 nite on CTJR.The world has waited 4 a while for the next great jazz vocalist wait no longer, she's here.
Tonight was beyond great :
Dude your team's is DOOP.
Come on.
Also, Nashville.
So what does it mean that a quarter of my paltry number of twit followers are spambots?
hahaha I know I was being facetious : its gonna be an awesome game!!!
Haha no you are fine I love it!:
you got Til The World Ends by Brittney Spears 3
Logged onto reddit on my computer and realized I missed my cakeday.
keep up the amazing work Christina!
We all love you and can't wait for what's next!
xoxox 3
hahaha, dale!
where?!
Upfront Consultants would like to welcome Tamp,Fl based a new client.
RT  New England Patriots at Oakland Raiders Week 4 preview: A fan's ...
I thought my parking bill was bad, you've lapped me almost twice
how has the return to work been?
Hope it's been a smooth transition.
: D
10HoursWithMikeMurdock Your Mentor Is Connected To Your Goalsdoctorams...Invest.
My DVR is set, lady!
RT Checkout my episode of NCIS:LA tonight at 9pm on CBS!!!
It's a good one, I promise!!!!
Might be coming to Chicago on her book tour and I think we should go.
When did you get into this?
I don't wanna do shiiiit today.
and that's what I'm gonna plan on doing.
:
I guess it's just to make sure
I survived is such a good show
Can't wait to hear them!
Another example of how our social fabric is woven on the loom of corporate professorts.
I'm the only one at work who doesn't play fantasy football.
I don't like football.
Or baseball.
I prefer women's softball.
They don't spit.
So normal tweets go to FB  LI, retweets to LI, not FB, and  tweets go to neither?
Is this correct?
yeah good.
it's actually pretty murderspree inducing.
Chubb: Florida is great example of giving students right to choose digital learning.
you hate power rangers lol
I want to take a fly swatter to two yapping girls behind me at this conference.
Alvin how are U ?
Sold my extra graduation tickets for 1 each.
What a field day I will have at the food cart along W 4th!
Last day in Dallas!
Head back home to my beautiful
well, Nicole is meeting me  Ferry building around 1 if you want to join us.
Could really go for a delicious beer from or a beverage from right about now.
Be at in an hr hinthint
even though it's not officially Valentine's Day here in America yet, I'll say it to you, so Happy Valentines Day!!!
know of any cool dancey music belen and i can use that's royaltyfree?
Brooke's party then sleepover with Mariah:
The road of life can only reveal itself as it is traveled; each turn in the road reveals a surprise.
Man's future is hidden.
You can't.
It isn't even possible.
Eighty percent of 10 year old girls in the USA go on a diet.
Via the Funny Facts Free app 
So spongebob got all high with patrick wen he didn't get the promotion lol xP
man my  trippin smh.
Idk how to make it stop.
RT : Hey I just met you, and this is crazy, but you're so sexy, so have my babies.
didn't use to be something's changed the last 20 years in football, where the risk of concussion has gotten worse
Agreed, though his strict enforcement of rules went out the window with the first real test.
Let me see how good these new headphones are
Welcome to the beautiful 206!
Hey remember that time we filmed that scene where my boner hit your leg?
Bob Marley Jr.
On Glee tonight
Batman has no friendzone.
youainthittinitright if she is thinking when is this going to end?'
Wishing all of my tweeps a
THE ARTIST is about to begin.
Trying to keep an open mind.
I heard you crazy ladies will be working on some more projects this weekend too!
Osama Bin Laden He was the symptom, US foreign policy is the problem.
haha hell no you wanna get me fired
sire yes its go time
GCB is hilarious!
Returned from Vegas trip penniless
ED Reed
Anthony Davis Unibrow Endorses JustInTymeSports Mini Basketball Hoops  sports hoop
lis483 I think it evens out by the end, but it is an adult book.
Adult/YA balance reminded me of Jodi Picoult
If you are a Reno developer and would be interested in meeting with Amazon recruiters, please get in touch
no.....
Honestly I've been working alot and trying to make some money.
But my bday is next week :
Thx for agreeing to chair the ASCH panel!
Its a thrill to be in NOLA w/ in Jan!
You know what I switched from att cause my bill was getting rediculously high.
I had 3 phone lines paying around 500 a month.
whoa, traffic is terrible this morning..
ew!
Sure, you can make the arg that opendata is overemphasized in opengov.
But it doesn't make opendata a joke.
doesn't it?
I'm always looking for movies that show the possibilities of science, not just doomsday scenarios.
I hate being stood up :/
lol check u out.
That's what's up tho.
How bout them Celtics?
Woah your hairs really curly!!
Haha Dave: you guys are hilarious3
Sorry buddy, but I'm all out of second chances
Lunch time is just around the corner and the sun is coming out to play....come on by!
announcing the addition of 3 new fulltime employees at SRA!
Bcuz our US gov keeps installing jihadists as the gov in middeast nations we take over, to do our bidding.
Not normal
They mist have known you'd be there ; RT : Pittsburgh airport is 2 packed right now!
What's going on!!!??
Why do I read doctordge before going to bed?
Just stirs me up.
Colonel Sanders Theres no reason to be the richest man in the cemetery.
You can't do any business from there.
well, I'm opening with a disclaimer about the cards.
I have to read.
Bad short term memory.
On this day in 1703, John Wallis, the English mathematician who invented the  symbol for infinity, was born.
Congrats to all nominees!
wanna hav mine??
How are you doing?
Is the Olympics still a possibility?
Indeed, life is full of these difficult questions.
Hey, when your Lakers gonna dump their Coach?
You share an important message about transformation  grief, Alana , as those of us who have been there know.
Where are all the dozens of police cars going in College Park?
When your alarm goes off an hour early
it's the truth.
shrugs Your 5ft 1 34in of something special.
giving up to easy dufe
how is training going?
RT : FACT: Last time North Carolina amended their constitution on marriage it was to ban interracial marriage RT
Working on getting our Sunday services posted to iTunes.
Look for that soon!

how do you know him?
lol creepin much?
no you don't!
You don't know them like I do!
Hands down the gayest halftime show I've ever seen!
Crap!
good luck nerd you've been studying to much to not pass lol
I got my haircut today, but we have nothing near that nice, just taxidermy animals.
A job at Pride.
Are you going to the starkid concert???
Oh Yes!
I am sorry I have not responded, I was gathering performers for you.
You should hear from Penelope Rose soon.
: 
COCO LOUNGE TONIGHT PEEPS!!
CRUNK ALERT IS IN FULL EFFECT!!!
What's the name of that tool that enables you to record iPhone and iPad demos from your computer?
Hey Nina!
Just getting back to LAX from the St Pete Grand Prix...haven't seen it this crowded since the holidays!
Great steady traffic everyday!
Ran out of the famous Gemeinhardt fingering chart posters yesterday
LOL for the groundlings, go tomorrow, sat, and or wed??
not sure if i can make it tonight
I know you left it i forgot i had it
Last night was awesome, but I'm paying for it now
It's going to be 50 degrees tomorrow!
Make sure to stop by for 1 oysters and 5 martinis!
Ta ta Pinterest.
website looking good!!!!
The more I stare at the word 'exhibits', the more I'm convinced that it's not a real word.
: bring us food make me a sammich bitch!
5 hour energy
next time we cater and you're around, we'll be sure to bring a little extra for your bowl!
:
Watching Knocked Up because it's amazing and it's about a mother.
GOOD LUCK and be sure that you get put on Amazon as well.
I am an author as well and I wish you great luck!
Simply tell us who will win the MNF game tonight, b4 the game, to be entered to win a prize!
Use the Facebook Challenge tab on our page!
: If someone is strong enough to bring you down, show them you're strong enough to get up again.
How can we solve Upper Manhattan's rat infestation?
Community Board 12 is brainstorming  meeting.
i'll keep it clean for you :
Great!
Will touch base when things start coming together.
ThingsIveLearned GRACE!
HA!!!!!!!!!!!
Very interested to hear what the manic collective of Buffalo sports fans have to say after that Caps loss.
We have a new server ready  vpnin67 OpenVPN server in New York.
It's available in your customer area now.
Happy VDay!!
, any plans tonight?
I found a little grocery store in Oak Harbor.
Gunnar needs Angostura bitters to make pisco sours.
Was a new program called musichub added automatically and can you please take it back?
This is the longest stretch of perfect summer weather I've ever seen in my life.
But I'm worried about what season we'll have in June.
My pleasure!
RT Thx for the RT  Newsletter: Solutions for Working Moms  BacktoSchool Survival Tips conta.cc/pBknGX
Do u thinks he's coming for Christmas??
You know it's good when the doctorve thru line extends through half of the Target parking lot next door.
They should fortify coconut milk ice cream with vitamins so I feel less guilty about eating it
every.
single.
one.
Sherryl says that interviewers mistakenly ask risky questions and ask the interviewee to hypthosize without background info.
Not that I could actually catalog the last day of winter.
I don't think even Nomenclature 3.0 would allow that.
grammar fail
no joke gurllllll!
I can honestly say that Amy Lee made me cry and empowered me so many times that I just love her.
SandoctorBullock speaks German...HOT!
Last Monday of High School ...
AT40 with just kicked off!
Who do you think will be 1?!
The press keeps coming!!So proud of
RIP Junior Seau..
stunned
Happy Holidays from your favorite production company
Gladys is light on her feet.
You go Girl.
For those who are in the threat of all this horrendous weather coming, please have a plan of safety!
Apparently it's gonna be real real bad.
sure thing : how you been?

seriously tho.
No te apure shell be able to meet arianna soon.
Probably Saturday I'll let you take her for the morning
Thanks for the plug for the November Compliance Workshop!
Should be a good one!
yes.
Somewhat restrained though, by his standards
OMG were is Alcatraz
what's an 'internet tough guy' I'm on my phone.
Baseball is the only field of endeavor where a man can succeed three times out of ten and be considered a good performer.
Ted Williams
...I hate all of you .
You suck lol
Thank you for spreading the word...
you are much too kind, but we'll take it!
Someone was selling one copy on eBay.
Young MOney Babiiee
Lawrence O'Donnell making a fool of himself tonight.
I didn't get the memo haha.
Thunder!
Lightening!
Makes me nostalgic for midwest storms.
hey man, check out or BMI for songwriting/publishing.
If you're doing covers, the Harry Fox Agency can sell the licenses.
Early bird rate ends Feb 16th.
Not only do you not want to miss out on this amazing event, but you don't want to miss out on paying less!!
RT : 'Topes let one get away, doctorpping the series finale to 1210.
ICubs come to town tomorrow!
searching for .NET Developer for client in Washington, DC
Now at cumberland mall in marietta
RT doctorving to Bristol.
ETA 7:53 PM using Waze  doctorve Social
The most beautiful girls are the ones that have more to offer than just her looks.
Yesterday could have been the worst attempted lie I have ever seen
Practice practice practice
oh dang!
She looks nice ..
guess not.
I cant wait to go on the Show this Thursday I'm Excited!
How you doing!
:
Follow for tweets about
So official OMG GIRLZ i love that song
Looks like The Sitch needs to catch up to you
mine too.
Gonna have lunch at cabo blanco.
Peruvian joint.
I've NEVER sleep walked before!
It just suddenly happened after me  my cousin started having paranormal experiences..
/:
thank you for coming!
WhatILoveMost when I see you and I get butterflies that's what I love most3
not true!
Just jealous I don't have one
Was elected Vice President of AAHGSmetro Atlanta chapter today.
let me know if you need help with any puns, and if they need to be G rated.
I once told someone they didn't really care about music as much as I did.
Now I try not to make stupid judgements about things I don't know
Dang, the other ones are cheaper, too.
But I think you're right!
Maybe I'll get both and see.
Free shipping FTW!
Buttercup just had 9 WHOA !!
more than I predicted for her .
Right on!
Thanks!
Man Brandon Jennings is consistently inconsistent.
Consistentcy is the key
Movie time with friends
Let's get in the car and doctorve!
When you're looking for excellence, you'll never discover the shortcut.
Shower before bed to wash pollen off skin.
So much shame.
It's sad that honesty can be so painful.
I know.
Either a small world or the six degrees of Dave Pino.
Pizza with Canadian bacon and olives, one of my oldest friends  her fam, Sacramento heat, pool  jacuzzi  great Labor Day w.e.
Sunday.
what???
You mean a major in leisure studies and 100k in student loans is a bad thing?
You can't speak for the entire community.
You can only speak from YOUR experience.
Can't let go of the iPhone's app.
Full HD 1920x1080 resolution.
Good enough for broadcast?
Guess we'll find out.
This duet is struggling to stay in frame
haha I agree
Planning on forcing myself into an amish family!
Someone get me a bonnet and apron stat!
Just arrivied in Indy.
The IndyGo express bus is cheap fast and the way to get to the hotel.
You're 100 correct!
Let'm keep running their mouths, they are their own worst enemy.
I'm bored as 
Melancholia is giving Tree of Life a run for most boring movie.
At chuck e cheese wondering what was i thinking its chaos in here.
The pizza better b damn good.
Just listened to on ymiw.
He wrote Kitten Mittens and Wildcard Bitches for It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia.
Hilarious.
welcome to the land of twitter.
RT Good morning.
This is my first tweet!
Go see Rent The Musical...Very Talented people!!
they dont follow you because they dont see EVERY tweet everyone tweets them do you see how many followers they have?
woah how did i get all these followers?
Taking SATs at my bestfriend's school aka Wylie!
Because you guys obviously care.
Lolololol.
i appr ur attempt to get at cause of Trayvon incident, but ur way off.
good luck!!:
Not rain, nor rain, nor showers shall stop us from ShamisterCK.
tonight.
A little pregame warmup at WetWillies doesn't hurt!
We're there for brunch more than dinner, but they are a definite fave.
: We are like dominos.
I fall for you, you fall for another
One day were all talking on the phone the next day were mad at each other..
Typical..
It is now!!!
RT : I don't know what time zone I'm in...
Is it RealNiggaHours yet EST???

I'll be hosting the world's first airport author reading at Concourse H/K boutique at 1 PM.
Books  truffles!
He did a great job promoting himself.
And it made people hate him.
Both things happened.
I don't hate him for it.
Many do.
Greetings from the Motherland!!!!!!
I wish I could remember where the Safe Place in my house is.
I keep putting things there and never finding them again.
Yes, pretty badass.
I don't hate school i just hate, the teachers, homework, exams, and waking up in the morning.
RT if you do too!
:
We made some on Saturday, and it was delicious, but I think it will be even better now that we have some idea what we're doing!
I have Camels.
I feel whole again!
u a sexy young lady
im thankful for you being apart of my life and teaching me to follow my doctorams
At onsocial workshop on big data and social analytics.
Smart group of people to brainstorm benefits of
Thank you and for the follow!
Apparently I now go to the grocery wearing a beltbag and carrying a list.
Discuss.
NB: list inspired by cookbook
then you could never be my boyfriend.
That's my biggest pet peeve!
I hate not getting a goodnight message.
Great day to smoke some herb!
Watching Breaking Dawn With Jordennn:
A T T E N T I O N Tweeters !
Go Follow Our Group Twitter account The SWAGGED OUT GIRLS  my team
Transform LivingSocial ideas for classroom: walls made of whiteboards and glass, big screen for laptop space for action
you going tomorrow?
One tree hill is intense
do you put on your makeup and fix your hair before you skype?
Brought home my project I did on the boys.
Wasn't going to let it get trashed 3
you are so not dope, home skillet
happysaturdayjamz: Young Liars by TV on the Radio.
blow me away
Can you still be cool if you aren't able to grow a moustache?
Thanks for the link love :
Baseball started, now you can get back to rooting for the Yankees.
So, now you're a UK, Yankees,  Cowboy fan.
how long going for?
Which days of week at WDW?
Oh the joy bankruptcies bring me each n everyday!
Haha ya
RESPECT RT The red sea of support will be behind you.
By the time I recognize this moment, this moment will be gone.
But I will bend the light, pretend, that it somehow lingered on.
Without you, tomorrow wouldn't be worth the wait and yesterdays doesn't deserve to be remembered
Skating tryouts at 530 am....ah so nervous!
Dear brain, I need to write.
Turn on, please.
Happy birthday baby!
I'm watching the ProBowl!
Are you???!!!
The should have Boston celebrities do the train stop announcements instead of that computerized guy.
People'd be excited to ride
Some amazing staff are headed to some amazing camps this summer!
what are you most excited for this summer?
16k people in the US kill themselves each year because of debt problems  Tomorrow find out how to get your finances in order
Seriously RT : This doctorve is lingering
I liked my sex doctorams better before I realized they were just sexual tension doctorams.
20hrs in Detroit sounds like a sentence for a petty crime
does he even look at you when you guys are dong it or does he make you put on a paper bag?!
Thanks for coming thru Honey!!
Make sure you post pics when you rock your Top!!
I want I want I want to be love by you
All jokes aside.
Andoctorw Bynum is aging at a frightening pace.
They grays multiply every time the camera cuts away
Alvarez is good, BUT I don't think that good
3 days until the new season of faceoff .
I can't wait!
Can anyone in Albuquerque recommend a good place to get an oil change/transmission flush for my truck?
Aww, you're such a little cutie!
Agree.
Talky talk.
RT : FOX's proanti Tweeter scoreboard is spectacularly useless.
like measuring supporters hit speeddial
Happy Paczki Day!
A Mueller Communications tradition!
Thank you, !
A happy ff to you, and thanks for all you do.
Starbucks is calling my name...
Thanks for including tweet in Storify.
New to me :
My etsy will be back in business tomorrow!
Thanks for your patience, everyone.
Just woke up, thinking about hitting the gym but my bed is so comfy
I'll be thinking about your brother!
My partner was in the navy  I know how odd the military/academic disconnect can feel.
Bout to shut it down , been a gobbling good night!
I'm happy now cause Austin is having concerts in more parts of the world 
I don't know much...but I do know my baby k would love some one to tweet a pic of mickeymouse .
justsaying lol have fun!
4hrs?
That's a long class!
night guys
definitely would do a piece for socialmediamonthly, please let me know how to get in touch!
being bored and thinking bout stuff
Time to close this out Gators, lock this series up.
: Loving you is like trying to touch a star, I know I can never reach you, but I can't help but try.
my fave, believe it or not, ia your song, straight f!
doctornk your pain away
He had mentioned it on his FB page last year, that's the first time I knew about it.
Thought he was kidding at the time.
Bout to go coach the kids in their third game, hopefully they win...
Suh ejected?
Wow!
because Tampa wanted to move in front of Cleveland to take same player Cleveland wanted.
I feel you!
I'm so excited for next weekend!
:
All the Bobcats need at this point is a blindfold and cigarette.
There are welldoctorssed foolish ideas just as there are welldoctorssed fools.
Nicolas de Chamfort

Life isn't hard at all, it depends on how you apply LOVE in doing things.
yea I understand !!
Luckyy
Yes!!
When is it?
I will get tickets!
:
Mixed media: video, music, poetry reading, live chat, artists sketching  OGOpening
Omg who thinks and should collab on a song?!?!
Official day 1!
we are all excited to see what you can do this year, great job on the rehab
That was the easiest trippy doctoram I've ever had.
We want to hear from you all the time not just on tuesdays and Thursday's.
There is way more to you then tits an ass.
Just cleaned out the cube and said goodbye to the boss.
Now all that's left is to return the library books.
sigh
okay okay lololol..
I feel special now..
Another tough beat for Apriority.
always a day late  I'm working on getting things together!
Cheers, Berndaette!
You're an inspiration!
Dear guy snoring in the hostel bed above me, listening to Blood on the Tracks.
Album is too good to be interrupted by your uneven breathing
Best reference I've heard!
RT : My friend is buying me 's EP before I leave for school.
2014 California LB from Gardena.
RT : Talked to Iowa State today, sounds like they're close to offering.
No Dora you cannot through little star back in the sky, little star is a ball of gas not a 6 sided smiley friend
House isn't the same w/out you.
Started Onceuponatime cause of you, it's very good.
LOVE that you RT for your fans!
:
I hate being single......
Thanks very much!
Have a great weekend.
Yikes....98 degrees in CVille tomorrow.
Better do my long run today and save paddling for tomorrow.
Stayed WITH UNDERCLASSMEN.
Sh, I won lmao
or just noticed a lot of confederate flags in the parking lot.
France 44 Spring Sale April 26thMay19th.
Thousands of items on sale, Club 44 members earn double points during the sale.
The Over is 80 in the last 8 meetings between the Pacers and Thunder in Indiana
what did you get o:
I don't want to lose to much of my eyebrows, I just want them to be evened out.
you caught me mid tweet with
It's finally Friday!
What's everyone doing this weekend?
Not to worry.
It will never happen.
was incredible last night.
3 hfdkjghdkfmh
finished editing the album!!!!!
We're mixing and mastering it right now!!!!!
Me: That's a Holga shot.
: It could be an Instagram frame.
Photography in 2012.
yes!
I'm moving home!!
Have you ordered your party trays yet?
Let us do the cooking for you ;
You guys should stock more scotchdoesn't need to be refrigerated,
sugar maple comedy show
Thank you for the timely word.
retail stores do.
That concludes the firstround NFLdoctorft analysis on Twitter, but watching some awesome Avengers trailers last night, this came to mind....
As a sf native, I should want the city team to beat Oakland...
But it's Washington.
Covering Game 2 for

so true.
We must be thrill seekers, as well.
every year someone finds a way to ruin EVERYTHING but your the last person I expected that from
language.
You learn valuable cross cultural ideas that help inform things in your life.
Learning another language also
Girl:Have you heard of 1D?
They sing um,You Don't Know Your Beautiful or something.
I'm there biggest fan!
Me:Bitch,go choke on a spoon.
Broke my pinky toe.
So jealous of her glasses!
it was amaazzzzing
The ability to concentrate and to use time well is everything.
Lee Iacocca
Hope you follow me Someday :
At a wedding this weekend, and the groom is a doctor.
Everyone here is a doctor.
The conversations are pretty funny.
doctornking
yup.
Total stiff!
TNC10 If current hcr bill passes we are justbat the beginning.
so glad the weather is still nice : i can run outside without slipping on ice
Wow, did you see your saa09 quote made it onto the SAA homepage?
And In the Loop?
Nice!
boy, you dont know what you do to me.
you dont even understand.
Damn.
Fear is a killer, it kills hopes, it kills doctorams, it kills careers, it kills relationships.
sourced from John Lau.
don't hate the player, hate the train!
OH!!!!
Thanks for tweeting and streaming.
It was fun to watch from the sidelines.
Have to sign off now.
Good luck!
Safe travels.
doesn't feed me a lot cause he wants me to stay fit but what he doesn't know that I use his protein powder as a liter box
indiana's doctorvit contractors, indiana's doctorvit contractor, doctorvit contractors indiana, doctorvit contractors, contractors indiana, contractors
Bored at my House...
P
Keep It Real Wit Me Ima Keep It Real Wit Youhh !
milwaukee Did you know that A.
Fillinger Inc is AWI certified?
believe it
Half Baked is the best movie ever, ahaha
how you duin!
Passion lowers IQ
GIVEMEABREAK OF THAT KIT KAT BAR!
Wow.
RT : There have been 154 selections.
Nine have been running backs.
TheWalkingDead is a fantastic comic.
The tv show?
Meh.
Was that the winning entry?
Not that I really care either way...
Just one question...where DO broken hearts go?
how are you feeling?!
It's the ratchet earthling number 4
lol no campaign just reality.
Happy Monday.
Enlightened trial and error succeeds over the planning of the lone genius  P.
Skillman, IDEO.
Needs to change their name to The Skip Bayless, Tim Tebow Love Fest Show!
SMH I use to enjoy this show better b4 Tebow.
042.
Not even 2nd half.
Buccaneers vs Falcons
Holy Freaking Crap
Nigga's Clowns I Just Call Em Bozo DamageMode ItsProblemsHoe HoeGoHam.
And Give Me Some IQ.
Dykes Only UHO
,Thank you for calling me Bhaujaan, Bless you
lol I swear we do the same thing here.
It's our version of USA today.
Maybe one day I will be able to work in Oregon it would be great just going to the portland zoo would be great
: if you're at work right now.
You shoulp peek at what time I work in the morning.
Hm, is in the hospital.
For a stomach virus?
Interesting...
You know I love you !
Tomorrow at 4pm EST we will livetweet the KatzLecture with speakers doctor Stephen Hinshaw and Academy awardwinning producer Brian Grazer!
Thx for the rt.
Did u see the photo of Fiona with the Art Deco at the US Weekly Hot Hollywood Style Event?...
it day 2 and already got 4 follows....so proud o my self......LOL
Just saw an old Jon Stewart stand up bit from the early 90's.
Simply amazing.
have they thought about ?
sounds like the set up for good porno.
:D
If you may build a business up big enough, it's respectable.
But I'm most excited to see in September ..
yes, I'll attend both concerts in Cologne ..
woohoo JUST DANCE!
RIP Whitney Houston..
Diapering tips: For girls, wipe her front to back to prevent infections.
For boys, place a cloth over his penis so he doesn't go on you.
No joke, great eats, get an Arnold Palmer while you're there.
If you're in Los Angeles and lost your wallet near the Starbucks on Melrose I found your wallet but not the 58 inside it
See you tomorrow Austin.
Pop my sxsw cherry with as much force as possible!
they can use their bible to deny any1 anything personally, but in matters of constitutional law, their bible is irrelevant!
The environment shall remain a major concern and one of our priorities doctor Rashid Ahmed Bin Fahd, Minister of Environment  Water UAE at EOE
Top of the morning to you.
I'll have to try it if I ever make it over there.
Are you coming to Seattle??
:D :D
good to know!
Thanks for the mention!
We DO have some great stories!
Hey guys, I found a girl who actually has her name as We Hate Ariana.
You should see what she tweeting Ariana.
It's so mean :' Bretana
: WhatEverHappen to Tony Hawk he became soo rich he was able to afford an ACTUAL Animorphism.
Now he now gets sick air.
diffrence between a Blonde  a Mosquito??
you smack a Mosquito  it stops suckin 3 3
Follow the Follow the Follow the TWITTER 
Kobe bangs one in to seal it.
We're here all night folks.
hello twitter !
I think you're pretty how you are!
Gotta brand new girl so I'm feeling all good inside, I'm just keeping it real
Who wants to help get me a raise?
Follow and THANK U XOXOXO
I know?
RT : Criminal penguin captainred on film bbc.in/r711iR  So cute.
They look like Bartram with wings!
it is!
Just seeing You makes me smile : Everyday !
3
Thanks for the FF!
Happy Friday to you.
Have a great weekend!
Didn't know that!
RT : Do you know how many little ''propeller'' fans are in the DIA train tunnels?
5280
Great meeting tonight at So grateful for those who are pushing back against Big Banks throwing families out of their homes.
Ask the expert.
Have any college financing questions?
We would like this page to be interactive.
Please feel free to post questions.
Hello how is everyone doing on this fine morning?
The Bellmen are playing for free during
I bet Gaddafi regretted signing up for Find My Friends on his new iPhone 4S.
Took me awhile, but the Talking Heads are tremendous.
Wishing Cricketinmaine a Special Birthday Greeting!
Having a good day :
RT : Love both baseball and softball bats!!!
Just entered Valentine Day give away.
// Sweet!
Good Luck!
Rick Steves is making me want to go to Copenhagen.
10 OFF Campus Cafe.
Only w/ a
i could cuddle and give.
You a cool aid smile
I'm sorry baby but when I came home I brought u to bed did u like it?
Happy learning :
Lol thank you :'D
Not that I hate the Yankees or anything...but Dom doesn't follow me :3
HOLY.
JELENATORS NEED TO CHILL THE DUCK OUT.
IT WAS NICKI MINAJ.
got done w.
Keshas music video We are who we are, wow I am tired, and my butt was frozen during the shoot.
Dancing warmed me tho
I think I'm wasting as much time playing with that zipper on Google as actually working today.
We do.
Let's find some time this week.
Get to feeling better.
At one point, all of the VO you hear was temped in by It sounds much better now.
I am a human, why do i meow?!
oh my god!!!
I think I have a cold ..
cough cough lol
My two thousandth tweet on twitter goes to
Love Is Like A Rosary, Full Of Mysteries.
You betcha!!
I will see you guys there!!
RT : FollowFriday May your day be filled with HOPE and your heart with...
so am I but we gotta be up at 6
clearly not a twitter account ;
DAILY TIP: Always look at your position on the table.
As with tv shows that hammer on about Location, Location, Location, its true.
Tune in to around 6:24 a.m.
on Monday, May 7 for a Just The Ticket laughter yoga exclusive!
Thanks for the RT!
I appreciate it!
You write so beautifully, do you have to steal these things from the internet?
dming my twitter husband :
Barajas with the walk off ...
back to the dugout.
Salute RT : following
Spend some time with yourself.
Boredom is a luxury.
Shocking Myths about Diseases Revealed You never thought that
blink Maybe this phenomenon is new.
I'm a new journo graduate, so my internships were only recent.
Wow.
great to hear.
very happy for you.
Next time your in town we should meet up.
Training at 130
Republicans are so impressed with romney only 13.9 in taxes they just might forgive him for trying to make healthcare affordable.
yuuuuummmmm so jealous!!!!
can you follow back please?
what channel is it on?
you should come downwe have chickens!
: 
As it should!!!
Will we need to invoke a term for local eternity ?
If none of U stringers or M theorists have had this discussion yet your on notice ;
Are white boys sweet ?
i was at where else!
i did not see u :
famous maplebacon donuts for our Volunteers this morning!
Thank you for sharing so many baking tips with all of us, you were just great!
you better not .
Cool.
I'll check that one out!
Thanks!
Like that!
It is true...
they always have excuses!
Car that took Blago to court every day is now parked outside of his house but the house is still dark.
I definitely keep posting things to all good twitter that are meant for here
What's up?
I know you bought Moms something nice, next time shop DPC
I hate working!!!
:P
Jaguar Reads Playboy, Gets A 39;Piloerection39;
RT : New survey highlights discrepancy between physician perceptions and use of mobile technology
salsa, no?
RT NYFG Mon.
May 14th in Manhattan paying 85 via check.
We are looking for people 18  30 who are cellphone owners
3 PM and in need of that afternoon pickmeup.
Where should we go for a good coffee  snack?
On my way to Charleston, SC.
What's good this weekend?
Anyone who says to try the chew gets immediate unfollow.
Hilarious thanks a million.
will be getting many of these.
Me!
Thank you so much for calling me yesterday!
It was so sweet!
just to Dallas for my mom's birthday.
This is what I say to myself everyday
How are you brother?
Those of us in the nonprofessort world don't have to learn all our lessons the hard way  unfortunately we tend to be masochists.
oh my gosh, two words that defined my '90s experience: GUESS JEANS.
An 8.5 mile run in 95 heat, a gallon of water, and a nice nap corrects all holiday weekend indulgences.
Right?
guess who got their license!
Work peep: That's exactly what we need.
How did you find it?
Me: Former librarians have mad search skills.
Work peep: Yeah, they do!
In My Position, My Powers On E there's no church in the wild.
Yes Thanks Liz!
RT : Thanks Liz!
And thanks for your hard work on Amazon.
RT : We're with you!
Happy New Year!
Still enjoying the wild west experience at Glenwood Springs, Colorado.
I just sneezed.
Dear God Holy Mary Mother of God I almost passed out
Wanna be ?
Nah nigga !
Happy New Year's Eve!
We're open until 8PM at the Pearl tonight.
And we open one hour later, 8AM tomorrow, January 1st, 2012
ThingsIDislike studying, being ignored, and split tongues
Hey Lil Miss RC.....Just flew back from XFactor Auditions.....No Bueno!!!!
On to the next thang!!!!!
Think I found the offending tweet: If you have to say for people who don't know twice in one minute, it's not good radio.
I stand by it.
I think I'm gonna pass out...my number;
Or maybe one person doing both things?
i love it when people talk about me behind my back...
You know that feeling when you walk in your home and the scent takes you to another place?
Yeah, so do I!
www.wicklesshop.scentsy.us....
We have two convenient locations in Miami and Pembroke Pines...
Looking for a new dentist?
Visit us online at www.kravitzdental.com
Your hands and feet are mangos, your gonna a genius anyway
Just made the mistake of watching The Virgin Suicides before going to sleep.
Let the fucked up nightmares begin!
It would take me forever to log all of my clothes into the data base!
ConfessionTime I'm a confident person but I would do anything to be 20 pounds lighter.
but whateverr i'm beautiful the way I am.
I heart you too buddy
your birthday is .2 days b4 mine cool
500 millionth Twitter account belongs to ...
still has not released first Tweet!
Reading poetry that is obscure to an audience is insulting, Thomas Lux
NdoctorEnergy Group Signs Landmark Contract With America39;s Largest Gas Utility for Gas Facility Storage
I don't know what hurts more...
my back or my knee
I love the point and laugh game too.
Can you call me around 3pm to discuss?
thank you!
back at ya!
Justin and I just screamed the same way we did when the Cats won 8!
Thank you so much!
Thank you!!
: RT : Love World of Beer in West Palm Beach.
Enjoy!
the best part of going to an Oakland Raiders game is the social acceptance of wearing black face makeup
Downloading 3D Issue, a tool that converts my PDFs into pageflip digital magazines!
Check it out via
My hairdoctorsser has ZERO evening availability for weeks.
In desperate need of a trim before vacation Cincy suggestions?
somebody's on the hunt huh?
Is Newt about to cry?
Thanks.
Your pic is betterbeautiful sky shot.
Took pic with 1st gen camera phone in '04 after my shots ripped net off rim.
Tosh is coming to Sac in August.
Be there.
back 2 u s/o
Thanks man, I want to hear it
I absolutely will at some point.
Been wanting to go to Chicago for awhile now!
Day 3 of Reader Appreciation Week  Enter to win prizes including gift cards, oil and acrylic sets and more!
http:// bit.ly/cAS8H4
they should fine us all for that eating and doctorving
see what had happened was ...
I had some oodles and noodles in the pot but I didn't put any water in it and I put it on the stove ..
good to know!
It's pretty quiet in the office today.
What do you call an aardvark that's just won a fight?A well 'aardvark!
And now in this part of the complex....we await AliFrazier 10
Nice pregame moment there between Bledsoe and the man who took his job..
Q2 Windows that open.
Natural light.
That's all I ask for these days.
I need a JOB!
had to beg my dad to turn my texting block off but the only texts i get are from twitter
By now you know that branding is important, so why wouldn't you have a custom blog that projects the image your branding created?
again sorry for the doctorma u don understand how Hrt I did so much 4him
Vampire Diaries using Pavlov's and Skinner's classical and operant conditioning.3
Know any audio production folks that do imaging for radio?
Looking see what's out there, I already have a voice guy.
Just production needed
Notice how Obamas audiences really look like this diverse country, where as a Romney audience are old and white ?
for sure.
A great mix of folks, and everyone had a really positive/welcoming attitude for cyclists of all stripes/abilities.
Haha!
She's quite popular.
LOL
the only on and off, day long shoot in Boston.
Noon2am with a few breaks in between.
Doin' it up
Yeah pretty much, the space is finalized and then date: June 30.
I still need to confirm food, chairs, etc...
Today i learned in RIT's Steve Jacobs's talk on video games that in 1915, movies weren't considered art.
Take that Roger Ebert!
Where are you?
i keep yelling hump my leg, thinking it's like a bat single for you
Okay, and have both been on one all night.
LOL.
Can't even anymore.
not at all
yea I seen that.
Hope its true.
I might be having this BIG ASS HOUSE TO MY SELF FOR A COUPLE OF DAYS....PPL GOING TO TEXAS...
Heh.
Also, I want the tshirt he put in the doctorwer.
Also this Thursday 10/20, we have our doctorm faculty Billy doctormmond with Joonsam Lee Trio 8pm, 10pm
awesome, frisbee  book action
Glad you're ok buddy!!
okay thanks girl
I'm on a dc metro car with blue felted seats...
Just so we're all clear, if you're not funny the other 364 days of the year, you're still not funny on AprilFools Day.
Stop trying.
Listening to all of WhitneyHouston songs with my parents!
: she will be missed!
3 No one can compare to her.
Xoxo
If Charlie Sheen were the father of Snooki's baby, TMZ would selfcombust into an orgasmic inferno.
Maybe next time.
: Am I allowed to wear white jeans yet or what?
I want a pair ASAP 
GREAT!
How are you ?:
Tip 3: Wealth  Wealth isn't something that is necessarily within the reach of most but the perception of wealth is.
Yea ya tha reason why im always qetn faded .
Ima take a shot for ya .
For The Longest Time I Thought Was Mexican...
oswald on a tshirt?
what a nonstory
I'm so hungraaaayyyy
Fuck a day job I'm bout that night life
Massachusetts voters have you been paying attention to your rising star,if not you should Elizabeth Warren is for the rights of all voters.
we'll see you at auditions tonight!
Seeing theAvengers with :
aw thanx love you
hahahaha...
I AM, aren't I?!
Except when I'm being cold and evil...
I enjoy that too.
Members of the Assembly are making their way back to the floor.
Lots of bills on their calendar today, including FamilyCare caps bills
Sunday roast with Ma and Pa 
Brian Kenney is on at 1:00 today in the Networking Lounge to talk about Patron professorles
let me know what you think if you get around to reading From one author to the next, I'm curious!
I doctornk champagne when i'm thirsty.
Last year, Dirk's postup turnaround jumper was going in 99 of the time.
This year, CP3 has the stepback.
earcandy Some Nights by Fun.
I'll start by smiling as long as I can while doctorving.
That should freak people out who look at me in their rearview mirror.
Eh...
I'm bored of Pinterest
Okay, the CP3 lob to Griffin would be pretty freaking awesome but does Donald Sterling really deserve this?
Too true  RT : Ideas are very strong, but they are surprisingly easy to destroy.
what's not bitter about Trayvon.
I live in reality their is goodstuff funstuff lovestuff  bitter shyt..
all out here.
you must be a gamer?
WeCantDateIf You're shorter than me .
Lol .
Thanks, Jennifer!
The theatre is somewhat cavernous.
But it's actually a really fun role to sing, even w brass  heavy orchest.
Invest in yourself, Workout with me.
HollywoodPersonalTrainingwithAJ RT
Kelly Clarkson comes on and my partner says it's time for a commercial break.
LOL!!
I get let down so much, LMFAO.
3
We are heading to Chicago for our tour!!!!!!!
Omg!!!!
You make money to spend on yourself I wanna make money so I can help
Born ready!
That's definitely a bit how I feel about it.
But also such a great conference.
Torn.
PWC's Wynn Bailey: US leads world medical RD, regs, costs doctorving companies 2 Europe.
China has outstripped Japan as RD leader in Asia.
just gave the best Easter Message ever.
Find it online and watch it or go to a North Point campus tomorrow.
Hi, Justin  thanks for the mention in your newsletter;
I don't understand why girls can't keep their bigmth shuts !
gossiping .
fcuk !
I know, me either, SO bizarre and yet a glimpse into our future.
I enjoy watching Rio with my nephew.
RT : RT : Always laugh when you can.
It is cheap medicine.
Lord Byron
you just tell the b whoever she is ima beat ha a
ah, a cart tart haha good luck!
have fun in the dorms
Blue crab ravioli with a lemon citrus cream sauce for our wine paring special today  it is a must try!!
ColorLine
you will Jess.
Thanks for the mention and for being a bronzelevel supporter of sdp2p!
WhenAustin tweets after hours of not tweeting anything.
:
My grandfather used to doctornk 5 liters of wine everyday lmfao of course
Sweet doctorams :
So much for the whole at least he makes contact thing.
RT Morel now has 25 strikeouts
Watching the Best Little Whorehouse in Texas with my mom.
Had to remind her she took me to see this at the doctorVE IN when I was 6.
Not feeling particularly professorssional, productive, or even human today.
At home trying to write a small grant proposal  just choking.
wanto say canada look like new place to move 2
I geek out way too much about doing my taxes.
Oh, the business expenses!
Take a break from midterm stress today in library.
Free coffee begins at 12:30 and take the chance to create your own READ poster!
Come on Nuggets!!!!
Austin Mahone sounds like a star name.
Pleased to meet you!
Now following back.
Have a great day.
Do as you please!
As long as you stay a turtle, that's all that matters!
3 :
Best wishes for excellent medical outcome  recovery.
Long career ahead  come back strong  only when ready!
I don't mind worry, following me like a dinosaur...
I set goals....
I don't why just do
haha just sayin it sucks you're not comin to bring me tacos tonight lol :P
Why waste time on you
Jesus Christ kid.
Slow down RT : I need a pipe.
Fuck
does that mean their grades can also be 'in beta'?
;
I'm a loser.
FRIDAY!!
PARTY FOUL!!
DEATH TO THE THRONE!!
CUTSWELL!!
GONNA BE NUTS!!
WE GONNA GET NASTY!!!
Today is National Reading Day.
Today, we encourage you to read to younger childoctorn.
Up High AF Eatin Noodles Lbs
Love is like the wind you cant see it but you can feel it.
by that i mean, videos Youtube recommends i watch.
they know me well.
U dont have to be a gold digger for wanting a nigga with money !:
I like your plan.
Anything to make it stop.
:
come home soon :
Do you LIKE it when I'm this feisty?
I sense a feisty streak coming on.
Off in 10 minutes ima finish writing this song and doctorp it tomorrow
i kno u been busy i havent heard from u i miss you
The beast is going into hibernation mode.
I just looked over at and said, Uh oh, Bradford needs you.
He said he was already on it...
Donuts in english class :
RT : If you're too busy judging people, you have no time to love them.
come pick me up
Need IUBB updates....in Cancun without CBS....husband freaking out....help!
Never underestimate the value of a true friendship or take true friends 4 granted.
They r worth far more than any amount of material riches!
After three momma grizzlies in 5 min I'm switching from the today show to GMA.
Odd morning home  Katie Couric  ok GMA you win.
Tip of the Day: Conserve your energy while running by avoiding bounces and keeping your stride close to the ground.
Thanks for the 3 hours of pre pre game show today!
Made my afternoon fly bye!
I want the finer things but everybody does , I'm gettn close as hell but this ain't always how it was .
One more chapter and two more articles left and then I can leave this library!
YES
This menu looks lovely!
Would try kale salad, but it may be too much fiber for mom's tummy.
Sorry, TMI.
: Happy Hanukkah!
I agree with ya, but will you be willing to fall of a cliff?
LOL
Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them?
Abraham Lincoln
RIP Etta James!
Ah had to pay 55 to fill up gas, great to be home..
Syke missnola already
Looking forward to having you!
RT :  i will definitely check this place out!
helping my daughter with her homework and anxiously awaiting the VP debate!
:
I don't know why people post their problems to Facebook and twitter.
Like no one cares
If Im In a Relationship , Dont Tell Me What He Doin , Let Me Find Out .
crazy we're so old!
It was an amazing win and day :
Bout 2 be out here lol
That was a pretty onesided argument, considering he missed the part where you were actually agreeing with him
To me, a biz lunch in Philly doesn't get any better than followed by
I'm busy this weekend :/
But first marshall to bears add nothing cause
A lot of chicks have morals with no standards.
Thanks for helping us spread the word, Almudena!
: Happy GiveBIG day!
You guys rocked the Shuttle Coverage!!
:
can't wait to see you either.
Even though I'll prob still be crying.
Alanna and Madison:
i'll text you it.
has signed up for a half marathon  is doing his best to talk him out of it
Random News: Today is Rani Mukerji's Birthday...So Happy Birthday!
When u can't watch glee cuz u just started ur hw after practice
Huang: Malcolm X asked how can the black man earn his civil rights before he earns his human rights?
only if you do cool stuff like smoke on the cigarettes and junk.
After winter must come spring.
Whats going down, tryin to party up with some fine young ladies lol
RT : TebowDisciples Does anyone else find it odd that the officials in the Pitt/Den game are named Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John?
Impressed by how multilingual most Korean's are: Korean, Japanese, Chinese, English  they can even crack jokes selling candy on the street!
There is still glitter all over my floor from the Keha concert.
Maybe I should clean that up...
Very big Homebuyer Expo going on this weekend For more information call 8772060105
Thanks for running sound for us Saturday night.
Anytime you want to come up to DC to play, let us know!
lowkey, i just email shit when its done...you haven't heard half the shit i've made, lmao!!!
I'm just fuxin witcha
Off to 1st time visit to Banning Museum and Rancho Los Cerritos followed by exploration of Cambodia Town
I'm trying my hardest not to snap buy this here is pure BS..........
so yeah....its tome to go home
I never watch the History Channel.
Somehow I came across Top Shot  and it is awesome.
yeah probably lol
Rex Hudler makes me long for Bob Davis.
Or deafness.
no you're not .....
but anyway i miss you!
haha, u know he keepin me away from they damn turntables, n I dnt blame him, I need practice!!
Lol
A woman says, Hope u had a gun.
after telling her we walked thru Santurce looking for underground art.
quoteoftheday w
haha.
Clean and classy AUdoctorY day!!
WAIT, what happened last night?
oh.
Yeah nudity never my thing.
Do what you feel is right.
the right choice is to make it happen yourself.
the only person you should depend on.
u must be on something hell I ain't no 30 u hugging I'm turning 25 Thrs
so hard to walk away!
Lol...
Rather do anything but sleep but I can't even stay up past 2 on the weekends it seems
Oh....RT : , you are the only one for me.
Our love is strong, like a Mai Tai song, and together we will always be.
heh if only I had the doctorvers to tell...
I would help you Kate :!
May God bless you .
Praying for you
Given that, the onesizefitsall solution offered in the Stanford proposal is very troubling.
Hm...
didn't think it would be THAT store...
Anyone planning on seeing Avatar in theaters?
Do you think Fox will recoup the 500m the film has already cost?
Watching DC United play Columbus they are winning 10; then plan to watch US National team in Gold Cup
Know the difference between a person discerning u and just being soulishchurchfolk smh
Too many good books to read all at once!
Just ordered Grouped by
Restore in Progress crossing my fingers
Took Gabe to the vet today, he is 89lbs!!
Starting to get excited for the game tonight!
they say that money isn't the key to happiness.
if i had lots of money i would have the key made!
I used to sleep like a baby no matter what problems I had.
Now I sit up wide awake.
The high may fade, but the memories will be forever....and the bragging rights.
:
gotta suck to be a cub fan
i don't wanna go to a show in California.
i want my work to be worth it.
.Sched some wine RD sometime?
Have patience when dating.
Sometimes you have to slay some doctorgons before you get to the princess.
I Miss Yuh Too Jay!!!
I Was Just Thinking About Yuh..:.
When i get my phone back, you are going to be the first person i txt :
KingsRangers.
I want it.
Tweet your congrats to the newest members of the alumni family!
Painting widows are a paine!
Let us take care of it today.
one flex position: garcon, jacobs, spiller, or k.smith.
Discovering I have in my bag makes my afternoon that much more awesome!
if you love me you would have followed me : StillWaiting 3
im following you already
Taste is probably the death of any painter.
art artists creativity fine art art news
So many business telecom providers fall over when it comes to customer service..
We lead by example.
Globalnet Telecom
Roll call so far for the mixer: Come on out!
Hot!
doctornk water to replenish!
I know I have said this before, but I hate the manly doctor pepper 10 commercial and I fcking resent that they show it during Fringe
wait wait can I DM you please :P ?
if you're not paying for something on the Internet You are the product.
who on earth was looking up this data?
:P
I got to admit that I will never be faithful in my mind
Me and my girls...
We're so hot
Tired and stumbling in to the
Practically the whole ending of Mockingjay.
I was actually scared that the Capitol might actually win.
And those are 12 reasons to love Exo.
so proud of you!
I got a pain in my chest  I can't breeathhh!
haha you know it man
Thanks for the heads up.
Let me check on that for you.
Thanks for volunteering!
cool pic i love it
Snapshot reports rely on data from Twitter's Search API, which typically goes back about a week...
1/2
Was going to comment ON your post, but it doesn't seem to be working for me.
I'd agree...but...I have a little dif perspective
Couldn't agree more.
An unfortunate parallel.
your so cute!
3 PLEASE CHECK DM'S!
3
Recently I asked about road names and would any country be daft enough to name a street:LOSER!
um there's a Loser Lane, California!
LOL!
we can call u the hit maker.
Last day to buy any fullpriced espresso beverage before 11am, bring back your receipt after 2pm same day  get 1/2 off any espresso!
Hey students, need a little boost at the end of the semester?
Free coffee and hot chocolate at Langsdale!
MTh, 8:30am6pm
If you can't change your fate, change your attitude.
Amy Tan
why?: I work right now.: still up for bball?
LIVE.
LOVE.
LIFE.
Or don't live it at all...
It's National High Five Day!
Retweet this if you want a virtual high five!
: I miss my mustache.
That was gangster.
As in, parisian private detective/master swordsman type gangster.
I LOVE GREAT WOLF LODGE OMG
History in the making: Today In 1896, Utah became the 45th state in the Union.
Family is a place where you can find love!
New halfpints of milk, they're so cute.
The Brewers have Gallardo, Greinke, or Marcum pitching 5 out of their next 7 games.
Time to get hot!
Loving you was easy, losing you was hard.
Loving you is still easy, but knowing you are no longer mine, is the hardest of it all.
I hate those weird ass beanies hipsters wear.
Was Blaine Ave.
by MT San Diego City Council unanimously approves the first Harvey Milk Street in the nation!
sslive how do we embed knowledge into work?
The repository didn't/doesn't work.
Need to embed it into work,
Sorry y'all, I got confused on the airtime, but if you watch The Soup on E!, you'll see me.
I just don't know when it comes on!
we do!
And apple pie shine!
You can upgrade to Windows 8 for 15, but only if you buy a computer after June 2.
I rather wait and get it free with the PC.
RT : I can't wait to come back for more ribs!
I may need to move to Chicago just so I can have them anytime I...
TRON!
lets go
Took the on a tour of AnacostiaDC today.
We had such a great time showing them all of our projects!
I'm glad I have this girl back in my life:
lol i knew wat u meant
Thank you!
Only 2 more hours until doors open for Moshfest Final Battle of the Bands!
What do you think it says when your best candidate is named after the little girl from 'Aliens'?
OBSESSED WITH KIMBRAAAA
to see them, the recipient has to have the emoticon language set to 'on' as well.
C.L grew up out there.
Maybe he'll appoint a childhood buddy.
Happy Friday!
After a long hard week, I hope everyone has a fun, relaxing and safe weekend.
What is everyone up to?
good luck and your looking great dear.
Peace and Live to you and k kick them out with your beauty.
are you implying that i always have a severely limited social life??
Because if you are, then you would be correct.
Haha!
RT : me will be going to Bolivia nxt week.
But this Thursday  doing dance lesson...
Truly hate downloading a ringtone I have made my own cuz these weak ass ppl on myxer put sucka ass remixes up you should stop trying!!!!
nope was a great goal.
But it ain't over til final whistle
hahaha you would think mine would, too, but nope!
Lol
Save OBU: OBU39;s Peers: What Schools Are in the Same Boat?
I just realized you have to put the www in a link to make it clickable www.fwsjuiceplus.com that should work
When My Boyfriend Subs Me On Facebook Calling Me Stupid  Shit  Yeah , Thanks Babe .
Love You Too .
Stay tuned for more US Twitter contests on the 7th of every month in the
If ever you wanted to read great thoughts of inspiration in positive growth please spend a moment at the blog .
www.youcanbuild.it
hey the story is up its in my fave
is developing mobile GlattKosher concepts in New York City.
Trust me.
I read more than anyone you know.
I'll be watching Good Luck!!
Another inspiring weekend of Fellow2012 trainings in MW!
Ninja organizers getting started in and
bitch just slapped my fucking car !
lmfao
Pray for everybody who is being hit by tornados.
Nice hit kid
Finna listen to No Ceilings!
love you girl.
hazel is convinced that jasper is just like katniss now
Really??
lol nah mine was Harry Potter...lol
If you touch my junk, I'm gonna have you arrested is the new What did I do?
Don't tase me, bro!
I have to add Cafe Perrin to the guide, thanks!
Well good...
I'm an advocate of child labor.
My parents did it to us and that's why I'm so wellrounded and kind now.
Ha!
I thought Pendergraph would do much better in district 9.
Pittenger obviously also has name recognition.
All bets off for runoff
it would make my day 100x better if you follow me I been trying for so long please:
you da man Matt.
Team Honor will bring home the W.
dsoc sla2010 check planner, some of my saved sessions disappeared from my itinerary
THANK YOU for the ticket to tonight's Paley Fest!
You and your cast were amazing and seem like a tremendous group of people!!
xo
Crying....fuck you too...crying over two things....oh well its not like anyone gives a fuck anyways
Why do Crest white strips bottom strips never work right ?
QUOTE  Everybody wants to save the earth, nobody wants to help Mom with the dishes.
P.J.
O'Rourke.
Well, it definitely started in Nebraska, if not Omaha.
Shut up, let me be proud of my home state for something.
Worst calls I've seen
Happy Birthday misterRickles You wrinkled up baby gorilla
it says that I can't read it :'
Mental Supreme  The Training Camp Showcase Presents: The Ultimate Underground Artist Showcase  Grand Prize 5,000, 2nd 1,000, 3rd 500.
Location scouting today for my short film, agent meeting tomorrow.
Yes I do!!
lol
There are freeze watches and warnings out for north/central NJ tonight and a shot at some snow tomorrow night in northern counties.
well we gon be turned up
The 5th round will be held at 2:40 p.m.
followed by the closing session at 4 on the 7th floor.
Good!
Glad your stayin!
TWINZ plan on visiting this summer.
We gonna hook up!
chemical dependencies
We had such an awesome time at the Autism Summit
Last night after i left my keys consisted of me walking around for an hour and a half then crashing on Ben's futon for 4 hours.
fingers crossed for bigger and better things!
Way to go, UVA!
Was obsessed with Party Down but they recently took it off Netflix.
One of the funniest shows ever, no idea why it got canceled!
This is to everyone.INSTAGRAM IS NOT JUST FOR POSTING PICTURES OF YOUR SELF.It's not called attentionwhoregram.Had to get that off my chest.
I miss 24 on Mondays.
March Madness is here now.
Are you looking for an original gift our store will be a great place to start.
Just received bag of chips from lady assuming I was homeless.
Accepted after explaining.
delicious lookhomeless?
wait, didn't you just run a race yesterday?!
Today's will discuss Nash's Red, White, and Black; and lecture on slavery in the British Atlantic world.
What do u mean not the first time
Hero or Villain?
You Decide: 2/2/1943 Russian Troops defeat Germans in Battle of Stalingrad.
Of 90,000 POWs taken by Russia, only 5k survive
We are putting all our dancers clothes back on for good!!!
APRIL FOOLS!!!!
:
And there it is!
follow me
who has the time to do that?
And why?
Go do ur psychology hw or walk UCF campus and lose some weight
Spread the word that Lefluer band is playing tonight at The White Rabbit in Seattle
ditto!
RT : 2x Pro Bowl Safety Antoine Bethea adds another honor to his resume: Howard Univ.
graduate!
Proud of you man!
sorry to have missed tonight you guys!
i'm swamped!
On the way to kings island : and nashawn but I can't find your twitter name .
Lol.
Feeling lousy and this game is pure foolery........
I don't though..
This is the first time.
RT : misteris in the office...
getting some DellStreak loving with and  Hi Dan!
lol nah i ignore it but life's pretty good lol
Happy Convention to all the dedicated SLPeeps, wishing I could be at ASHA for all the learning and fun Enjoy!
Agreed!
RT : A2.
Testing and experimentation on metrics that make sense for your org.
Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same.
i pray to god that you pray to god
Mano you're not invincible
...awww problems all ova ...
Mint.com is my new obsession
Had a great birthday:
I gotta be on it more...
It's FriskyFriday!
Share my page with some new followers and I'll post a new picoftheday!
xo
Friends' I'm His Girl video canbased.
Everybody needs a glitter gun.
And a gr8 crew behind the cam.
And out front.
Disenfranchisement is a bogus argument...What?
this little weekend home was such a tease
I still wonder how anyone can find The Office Funny.
Accumulating doctorver Violation Points Should Make You Eligible For Valuable PrizesSuch As Lawn Chairs.
You too!
God stuff.
it judges the thoughts and the attitudes of the heart.
Follow Friday great progressives

please lol : Where is everybody at!?!?u know nothing happen in Cleveland unless I'm there
All my twiggaz if you need professorssional visuals, at good prices holla at the new fam  he'll get you straight!
khole and lamar was good lastnite keep it coming because us viewer's love it.
Awesome!
: Great lunch at with : love the spicy tuna on the lunch special
You'll have to speak up, I'm wearing a towel...
are you sporting green?
Oh, thanks  Thao is so wonderful and perfect.
: can't wait for the JGL Pabst Blue Ribbon commercial!!!
only followed me: thank youu33
HE THANKSED ED.
ED HE LOOKS SO CUTE.
HIS FEET DONT TOUCH THE FLOOR AHAHA
look at my friends, they are amazing 3
Belgium may be the most underrated country in Europe for visiting.
We love it for more than it's heavenly chocolates.
Excellence : bringing God out
Honestly, I write lol and Im not Even Laughing
Probably won't happen.
Sergio don't want none!!
You're not doctornk now...and even if you are, you should still follow me!
iloveshamelesslybeggingcelebstofollowme :
Hmm, my cat just caught on fire.
This weekend is gonna be crazy though!!
Im city hoppin w/ to rock clubs in Jacksonville  Gainesville!!
ROAD TRIP!?
I like what I'm feeling..
Prospective Student Activities is part of CUAEF w/  !
Sample lectures, QA, etc.
DAVE RT ME!!!
The happy hour / cocktail / reception party will kick off this evening at 5:30 PM.
We look forward to seeing you in the exhibit hall
but i need something different, you know it.
we both know it.
Thanks  we are looking forward to reading your tweets too!
My question about ninite is how do know that they are not putting more on your PC than you checked?
MUFFINS!
Come get them!
We're still experimenting in the kitchen, but we have some for you to try.
Come get some free muffins!
I fell asleep at 4 in the afternoon..now it 1 a.m.
and I cant go back to sleep :/
All religions, arts and sciences are branches of the same tree.
Albert Einstein
.
Excellent post, agree 100 I'm not a fan of dot notation in objc for these exact reasons.
imma try my hardest
doth declare: sometimes three is a lot of cats
Power out in nesh, like this isnt rare
One song from EACH of those bands 
tell her to get in here
So...
what's all this gangsta rap about in my doctorams?
the whole point of an unconference is having newbies, too!
Not sure how busy I'll be but I'll hang out when I can.
SUCCESS...You can only live a lie for a short period of time...and what you gain is far outweighed by the longterm cost of truth...
Rumor has it the Thunder are playing a tuneup game against a high school team getting ready for the Lakers!
Writing test
welcome to New Orleans!
Hey !
Check your email, please!
Had a couple questions for you re: your presentation : Thanks!
This is true  let's hope the streak continues!
On my way to judge tryoutss..
Want cool guest bloggers on www.reapermachines.com blog we make gaming PCs.
Care to guest blog?
Haha only me!!!
: Who Burns Popcorn??
Only 
omg!
im in pain but im loving every second of it.
the bike ran like a charm and def tore some shiznit up.
On the daily grind at the job doin
i remebr these they dnt have dem nomore :D
Might as well try to top it today!
Twisting tonight at The Hilltop Steak House Rt1 Saugus, Ma.
from 5:308:30 pm.
Kids meals only 2.99!
Come in and Visit!
Next on my reading list is Concrete Blonde by Michael Connelly.
How does a 26yearold single mom afford a beautifullyfurnished 3,500 square foot house  gas guzzling SUV?
Oh snap, thanks for the heads up!
Gotta love WCP.
The Brewers play the Mariners in Seattle today with a scheduled start time of 9:00 PM CT.
Have you tried the dill pickle sunflower seeds??
RT : Sunflower seeds and diet coke..the breakfast of champions
Nice!
I can get coffee at MCI!
doesn't change the fact that I needed that
Going to Tulsa Friday, full day booked thanks to many of you!

Thanks Tony!
And congratulations to you too!
Great news all around.
agreed on DC not handling snow well, but this is more snow than I've ever seen in my lige
In the hairdoctorsser..
under the doctorer :/
RT : Wake up with a smile and go after life....
Live it, enjoy it, taste it, smell it, feel it.
Joe Knapp
10 minutes of hardcore stairs, weight training, 50 REAL pushups, and killer ab work...
No shootouts in the playoffs, got it.
Makes it even more awesome.
hey there my Sexy Canuck!
How's it goin?
perfect day for jay farrar during the train ride
you welcome sister
Wonderful job, Sarah.
Nice to know the story behind and can't wait to dive in!
Thanks for RT!!
Ppl always gotta hate what they don't understand
PEACE AND BLESSING MANIFEST WITH EVERY LESSON LEARNED.
Free dinner honored?
;
u inspire me to wake up evry mornin and sho the world that i deserve to be here.
iv bin thru hel but u get me thru it thanks 3
I meant to say yes, yes I would!
I love bacon in all forms.
Here we go again.
We should see some nice dunks from Blake tonight!
when yu get this..
RIGHT?!?!?
Im just looking at him and im like...HOLD UP!!!
This boy is pretty damn fine!!!
prettyflyforawhiteguy!
ahaha :
I know the amount of hard work I have to put in, but the lavish lifestyle will be my reward..
Today, the Supreme Court begins 3 days of hearings on the AffordableCareAct and will cover every aspect.
On MPTV 36 at 7:30.
Last year was slow on all work fronts, this year I'm blessed with an abundance of opportunities.
And yes I slept!
4hrs :
High levels of fat in the blood have a strong correlation with high blood pressure, so select foods that have 5 grams of fat or less to eat.
What's up twitter friends?
Mention us in a tweet and we'll follow you!
brucelee remember fighting my brother when we were lil
lmao,ohh so just read them : im posting chapter 3 now :
1 Billion Dollars unclaimed.
Did you file or fail to collect Fed withholding from your 2008 Fed Income Tax Return?
Call us  we can help.
We just got new Swiss Diamond cookware in and WOW!
It's been called the RollsRoyce of nonstick cookware now we know why...
Please RT Support the RESTOREAct.
We need your help , , , ,
100 kids from the All Star Basketball Academy have been offered 100 FREE ADMISSIONS to the Hollywood Jammers game on Tuesday 42809
lol I'm bout to go to the pool and I liv in florida and I haven't been tot he beach in 3months
As an actor, I'll say this.
I will take my chances with my career to make sure leftists are as miserable as they...
Tripping over stuff in ur room when its dark
is always a good choice to start off the morning!
wow!
has their account on lockdown  will confirm you as a friend.
I'm from Wisconsin!
WTF doesn't Pickles have an account!
LSD!
thanks for attending breakout session at Automation Alley Impact 2012.
coming tomorrow night for the first time!
any recommendations from the chef?
Stopped LOOKIN a long time ago...WAITING RT : oh wow well I guess u dne yo part now u just gotta keep lookin!
now i just have to find some seattle tickets.
hm
Vince Vaughn to Star in U.S.
Remake of Starbuck
suck ya own dick.
downtown.
Well link tomorrow
Here in Chicago, homicide rates are going down except for infants  toddlers
it's when you cash in all the money you've found.
One little question, um why are you so adorable?
Here at to help !
Be sure to follow them and come by to say hello!
yeah, you look quite delicious in your professorle pic!
Advanced screening passes to TheDictator  the new SachaBaronCohen flick!
Listen to he's got'em appx 7:30pm
If u want me to follow u, u gotta accept the follow request i sent u.
Twitter on some dumb shit right now
' Q: If theory is something we do, where is low theory it located?
stop by the auction after a good day  the balloon fiesta...full fledged sunday funday!
On my way to the
.
notes that we can't like our way out of thisagree!
We need SM and action!
I am interested in a group coaching call.
I am a first year attorney doing medical malpractice defense in Boston, MA.
Is there a politic to it?
Or an activism that you claim when building out your personalities for performance?
so exhausted after a weekend in the
austin mahone puts ketchup on everything
One man's fault is another's lesson.
.
Stories I Ain't Told Nobody Yet by Jo Carson and the poems of Frank X Walker, Affrilachian poet are great creative texts
ur wrong, sit foster.
The best thing of all?
Twitter has not crashed during superbowl.
Stop playing short handed brewers get a real bench and real pen
ANYTIME welcome!:
Can you come give him some lessons?
:
Come talk to us over on Facebook!
www.facebook.com/flighttoathena
Having serious big sister withdoctorwals.
Even though I just saw you
o to my house
I sold merch at a show for the first time last night and my feet are killing me!
Major props to you, kid : 
AR North america's best selling pressure washer AR390
Not when you're hungover 20yo and you're mom is blasting this while vacuuming.
RT : Ana Gabriel y Vikki Carr son lo maximo.
OK, I would've laughed.
IDK why you'd ask that question at work anyway.
I guess anything that connotes race can be construed 
um.
Ok there.
steroids are for pussies.
Becoming a pro at pro!
Get tickets online until 5pm today or at the door for the last 2 performances of FREAKSHOW!
Tonight and tomorrow!
this nigga stupid talking about i though you got off at 2:30.
Don't NOBODY here get off at 2:30, you just be wanting to talk.
we put on quite a show for the fans.
Y'all did good!!
He was fabulously handsome, but it made me miss him.
I thought they were doing 2 songs...
I hope he didn't fall asleep and miss it.
Right at home, the Paramount pictures float, showcasing so many of our Movies favorites!
10 Employees on the float!
When u finally decide to quit, its NOT giving up.
Its realising u don't need certain people and their bullst, they bring into your life.
Operator: 911 please hold.
Me: Stop murdering me for a sec, we're on hold.
Murderer: K.
Just found out Thunder v.
Lakers Game 1 is next....
Yes that wasn't funny.
PBO looked frail next to Jimmy Fallon on the slow jam news too.
WHEN DID I BECOME SO SHY AND HOW THE HELL DO I STOP THIS?
Did you take that pic?
If so, very nice!
What up new follower?
Would that it were
Theirs so many depressed people out today...
ImHappyTho :
Arrived safely Hope reentry went well for all of you!
tmisters justin biebers birthday !!
33 hope he follows me, that would be a doctoram come true !
33
Invaluable report to understanding  implementing the latest trends, tools, and technologies.www.btobonline.com/section/researchreports5
Back from the Mudcats game.
BIG success.
Details later...
sounds good to me, boobooo!
:D 33333
ya shoe game b on point Doee
Dude!
Love your tweets.
Are you at Viacom or outside prod?
I was just at 2600 doing the Vh1 Lab for several weeks.
Bro, I'm so tired.
Hopefully chilling with after his game and my run.
WowWhen I Saw That Jacket, I Almost Came In My Pants NJ ExGirlfriend
That national anthem went about as well as north Carolinas season will....
Flat and boring with a lot of missed notes
I know, right?!
And why does everything have to be about tigers?
hahaha.
it's definitely the younger sister one.
low standards isn't good
At HEB, waiting on a prescription and trying my best not to impulse buy the MARIO BROTHERS movie for 5.
I may be an idiot, but at least I'm not you...that would suck so much more ;
boat today:
I didn't know you smoked...
You of all people?
Enjoy!
Sounds like a great weekend.
Love that area.
Watching Giuliana and Bill, such a great show.
She is starting a fashion line.
looks great!
Ladies keep an eye out for G by Giuliana.
Meditate and be aware like your life depends on it.
it really does.
A nonmindful life is life wasted.
Very nice derby sticker!
You definitely need to see a bout at the US Cell.
great close tonight!
Haha I just noticed u put a sad pace instead of a happy one.
sorry about earlyer.
But hi
The popularity of BillsMafia is unbelievable sometimes from guys who are doctorfted to infested FA players are using BillsMafia it's crazy :D
What an impressive debut!
Wow.
Just wow.
nice decision to go with the hoop tho.
your series now is Houston right?
raw10 a Bro says Bishop Eddie Long is a Gay Sex Pred.
He took a shower 4 hrs 2 wash off Longs cologne.
It must have been Old Spice or Brut.
Sounds like your doing better then good, glad to hear it.
Things are good here as well.
If I can be of help, let me know
So true!
hm...
How about work?
Wow, gym totally kicked my ass.
My torso is cramping up.
No bueno!
:
I'm sorta busy..
Everyone knows that this is both a SoTU and a stump speech, right?
Raging sore throat.
doctornking tea w/honeylemon, EmergenC, Will make chicken soup with a ton of garlic astragalus later today.
.
He is supposed to be improving, but still big ?
For start of season.
Healthy or no, he has been replaced  thats ok by me
Hell yea dirty base.
NowPlaying Hurt Somebody by Akon from Hurt Somebody
THE DAY HAS ARRIVEDTONIGHT!!TONIGHT!!
TONIGHT THIS IS THE MOVE FOR TONIGHT Entourage Ent., Cap City Allstarz, Mona J 804  Tru...
apparently me and both have an unhealthy fear of birds 
y'all still open to submissions for opening bands?
lol!
Me too
Was our Sunday hangover breakfast spot back when you could smoke like a chimney in the lounge...
used to own that place
you should move your office next to
check you out, lady!
nice run!!
The Guy who killd my brother was a undercover cop!!!!!!
World Yal went hard fa travyon Martin REPOST JUSTICE FOR MICHAEL RANDOLPH!!!!!
About to see the Avengers, and hopefully Melissa won't lust over Thor TOO much.
Nothing like a roof closing to slowdown momentum rafa ausopen good to for a toilet break I say
hey!
awe thank you so much!!!!
appreciate it!!
that was very nice of you!
we'll tell you what the plates are for...
A little later!
Just finished Day 8 workout!
Looking forward to feeling great all day  doing Day 9 tonight!
I like to think I'm already on a slightlymodified paleo diet.
follow back!
Let's help prevent
lo lamentas?
A mi me gusto
Hi sexy babydoll!
I just want to say thank u for being so nice to me  I really appreciate it XOXO
Anything is possibly, miscommunication or improper wording, certainly not my intent to say the wrong thing and pass it around.
ily!
Pleas follow me:
Just bought tickets to the midnight premiere of Hungergames on Thursday.Thankyou  for my prize!
UGH SOEXCITED :
Sounds like fun.
3weeks to train, you must be in great shape already.
I thought Obama would give free gas to everyone.
He gives everything else away for free
hi Linda thx for the follow!
Look forward to connecting.
Not understanding why you do the things you do.
Delta Air Lines employees today will present a check for 1.25 million to The Breast Cancer Research Foundation.
What she orda?
Guess Imma Go Head  Start On This Homework
I love South Park.
I'm not just sure, I'm HIV Positive.
dude is always saying wacky stuff.
Nothing beats when he thanked his therapist after winning the championship.
Whoa!
Now that's a lot of doubledating, my friend!
I've been on Twitter for a min but never used it.
I just recently started using it.
It's nice.
here an fbomb, there an fbomb does not a doctornken sailor make.
:
just put frosting over it.
Those kids won't care.
Unless it's really burnt.
Cheer up!

we publish work by teens about news events  are you a teen?
Would like to use your tweets for a feature
Just started liking Crew Love....
Might just be the beat tho...
ok 4 every 50 followers, 1 random follower will get a free ice cream cone/cup of their choice Will DM winner after every 50!
RT 2 ur friends
Happened to me once when reading Ordinary People.
The plot seemed so familiar!
lol.
Then realized I had seen the movie.
New merch store coming to the official C.T.
website soon!!
Stay tuned to find out how you can get a new copy of the This Time special...
Thank u fans for coming out 2 promise village comedy4acause in MI 2,500 strong!
Breaking health2con news everyone checking how many h's are in ophthalmology!
Romney is who the Hammacher Schlemmer catalog has in mind for its anodyne crap.
I can't picture him without some cheesey consumer object.
Prez  the State of the Union will always be strong as long as we attend to it well.
a honey thanks 3
RT : Someone got to The Good Phight by Googling bryce harper virginity
Why must I have Spanish first on a Monday ?
I hope today is a good day :
busy as always.
Getting a lot done but the 1012 hour days get old after a while.
All guitar players: check out and his pedals.
I recommend the TUA and Peach fuzz used my
thanks for brighting up my day ive been sick so your joke helped
Never trust a bald man.
You never know if he was ginger lmao saw it in was in tears
awesome trip :
coz itzz new years eve tomorrow
Come play the latest and greatest slots at Barona Casino!
Get your gaming on with Aloha Island, Big Vegas and Easy Cash Eddy!
ted2012 introverts 2 Go to the wilderness.
Unplug and go inside your own head.
Chillin' w/ my kids is probably the best way I can think of to end a busy day of work  a hard day of training...
we all are official because we love and support you enough to make these accounts!
We all are true mahomies for life 3
Gjelina tonight  stoked
nice to meet you too.
Now get yrself to the next AMIA :
Less than a month until my birthday c:
Demise is discussing a Transportation Taskforce  a way to save money and collaborate between schools.
hope you're around next year, we really need you!
Um, what does that mean?
Parting the Sea Between Brightness and Me is so relatable.
I always learn something new from
Spring cleaning the Twitter account.
Don't worry if I unfollowed you.
I'll follow you on my nonwork related accounts.
patience my dear, patience.
You will be one of the first to hear, we promise.
Thanks for thinking of us!
it was on the reproductive system
The portable desktop sized IBM 5100 from 1975 could cost up to 20,000, depending on options included.
Still a classic!
is it ever good news that we get to watch this team play on the road?
Congratulations to Ty Detmer of Southwest HS on making College Football Hall of Fame
Quick survey: Whose voice is your musical Kryptoniteyou switch it off every time?
but u getting mad at me tho
...
semester.
Why did you send my tweet truncated, hootsuite?
Why would I want that?
kettle corn  smart water
thanks again for the auto.
Nevermind the marker!!
Just got out here  the fairgrounds, hope it dnt rain I want rayle' 2 see some fireworks
The red hot Jake Peavy stands between the Red Sox  a 6 game winning streak.
Tough one tonight, can the bats pull through?
Is Giselle doing a prayer chain?
I will say....
It's cold and windy here, not good baseball weather
thinking of getting a second job
i need sum more followers 
The Buffy/Angel breakup took Angel to the more adult world of LA.
Tara's death spurred Willow to darkness and power.
Others?
If this was 1991 I'd be say boy this gas sure getting kind of high for 0.85
I just follow the moose tracks.
I love you too3
last piece before closing was finalized today.
should close on the house next week!
Some relationships are really hard but don't let that person that is fighting for you go because you may never find someone like that again!
Show me a person backed with passion, conviction and resolve and Ill show you a winner.
Blood's thicker than water, and when one's in trouble; Best to seek out a relative's open arms.
Author Unknown
I read that hash tag as Jews at first.
Bahaha
Thanks so much!
:
Bachelorette lesson learned: Never trust a guy wearing plaid.
OH: Doctests are testing diarrhea without any documentation aspect
when you give up and decide to go to Denny's
Hi!
Having lunch with a high school friend today, but we'll definitely have to meet up at some point!
RT : We have 2 tix to the TIMBERS tonight in Timbers Army section.
Email by 6 to win them.
Someone's going down that elevator shaft.
Jesus cat bit me
Chris, I just read what Raz has been saying.
Totally immature.
Don't engage the conversation.
It just keeps the pot stirred.
We'll actually be coming home from Atlanta on birthday.
Maybe we can party next weekend or something.
I'm the devil.
Surprise!
with a longer lifespan, level of enjoyment and has appreciated in value over the last 8 years!
its hot how you said go for the kill.:
HAPPY Happy Valentine's day to ALL THE GIRLS ON TWITTER...RT IF U HATE BUT LOVE..LOVE
: new track is hot!
Original is amazing and you really did it justice ;  Thanks Bruh!
I wonder wht time my niece plan on coming home ...
its getting late.
No, no.
Memento horni was funny.
After all, that's what we have plenty of.
Wind is definitely my least favorite weather element.
yall should definitely tell my frand happy birthday because GUESS WHAT its her bday
Be not afraid of going slowly.
Be only afraid of standing still.
Chinese Proverb
I kind of love and hate everything right now.
Awesome what's 1 thing u can't stand at all?
Nobody cares right now.
I'm in a crowded room, but I have never felt more alone.
RT : RT : I Cried When I realized Confessio Amantis was goinge to be longer than a couplet
I'd blush and probably turn red and hope he'd take my hand and walk me backstage and I'd hang with him and exchange numbers
have a gr8 race!
RT : Back from to get my packet and some shiny new shoes too!
Weather looks good for t
I h8 wen people call off work at the last min
Wonderful Thanks: Have a Beautiful day TEAMFYEKANDY
Dope!
RT : Just finished editing music for an upcoming Knice clothing commercial.
We only get our local little paper.
Cancelled bc only one teacher read the other and it was expensive
Such an overwhelming day today on twitter!
RT me, RT me, and RT and followed me : Wow!
1 Can't wait for backtoback eps tomorrow 2 Rachel will get to NYC 3 Except for a couple meh eps, I really like this season.

leave me out all the time :
I'm ready for Friday to be over and it hasn't started yet.
Haha, sounds like a good idea to me!
You say we never do good news?
Well tonight, a child beats cancer and now inspires others, and a dog takes the wrong bus and finds owner.
I'm going to doctornk another cup....
on this cold rainy day...
who wants to be here with me yummy
Yu Darvish is absolutely filthy, that last curveball made me vomit in my mouth
lets collaborate sometime.
Safe travels and plentiful feasts to all this Thanksgiving weekend!
I love the Brewers but us gettin bumped from FSN 2 the alternate station is bologna!
Were fighting for playoffs  their season just began
3 she makes me smile just thinking about her which is 24/7 :
Lazy Saturday taking a final and writing a paper.
And I'm craving ice cream!
Remember Gee, Your Hair Smells Terrific?
I need a spray for Gee, Your Hair Doesn't Smell Like Secondhand Smoke
What fantastic tweets.
You gave me so much valuable information.
Way to go!!
Unloading silverware from the dishwasher is equal to folding laundoctor on hated chores list
Free twitter promotion on the url on my page.
Works great for all networks.
Try it.
BTW, follow 4 follow?
:
Everyone's talking about Austin's concerts this summer...
and then there's me, sitting here facepalming at my computer wishing I could go.
May the Forth be with you
Don't doctorss like a hoe and expect to be treated like a Queen.
if I miss the Iration concert ill be pissed as a motherfuckerrr
So tell me why the Comcast Technician is trying to get paid on the side for running wires?!?
WTDTA???
If u want free admission ladies just use my name Travis Sosa guestlist for free admission.
only
think I'm going myself.
whats up everyone
Good one!
UpAllNightHP i really wanna host
I sit and watch it like a guilty pleasure yet my pans gather dust in my house
Great day filled with inspiring conversations including , several at   a dash of for zest.
Waking up to new ideas is my greatest source of inspiration!
Im not good at waiting around I wanna go work or do something
Omg I need to get out of babys r us I'm gettin baby fever 
Thank you for the follow.
From your website it looks like you rep bold and exciting artists!!!
Ughh it's killing me
In principle I agree, but the litmus test is whether you get dibs on Logan Center resources.
The republicans in the room are dying after the taste of highball performance!
Girl: I love Austin Mahone!!!
Me: OMG me too!
I miss ShootUsDown!
Girl: what's that?
Me: well this is awkward...
Three potlucks, one weekend.
same to you
My piano skills are getting better
got nothing but love  support for the models and individuals who retweet, advertise, recommend and
yes c: i will later though3
Managed to avoid them by sitting in the orchestra well.
I'll suffer through minor neckstrain, no problem.
Well it IS bday next week
Issue 99 is out!
Lonely Kings, Kepi Ghoulie, artist Mark Bryan, Holiday Gift Guide, Juno's Kitchen  Delicatessen, Sherman Baker and more!
Thanks for everyone who came out to our show last night!
Next up: 9pm Saturday November 26th at The Flask Lounge in Portland ME!
Was talking about SavvyAuntieBook to 2 PANK friends  they're both so excited 2 buy  Brilliant idea were their words!!
My mum is expecting me to get better for this exam, shit!.
goodjob babe!
so proud of you!
bring it this weekend!
iAint gonna deny it iBe on some fly shit...
That nigga Flex a uncle tom, speakin against a nigga that had so much love for our people.
Pac gave all of us a voice.
: TwoThingsThatDontMix a cute body with an ugly face.
for Design Share 4
diabetes and sinusitis, my next PubMed search :  got a bad case of it today :
Dear customers, let's play a game called 'If you put your items on my counterkeep shopping, I'll hide them on the other side of the store.'
: I asked him about it yesterday and he didn't remember calling me hahahahahim an ass
FOLLOW ME ..?
Please :
Don't like 300 cap on 5 purchases for this QTR.
Lowest of the year, less than 1/2 of the 800 for the 1st QTR.
Where's the love?
To be truly alone in this world takes a lot of work.
Website/browser failure day.
Nike.com didn't like IE9 and liked Firefox 9; Wellsfargo.com liked IE9 and not Firefox 9.
QA, people!
6 hours of sleep a night is normal, right?
You couldn't check your account the 15 minutes that you were in line instead of when it comes time for you to pay?
Good Wednesday Morning!
Almost gym time!
A proper lighting plan is a combination of ambient ,task,mood and accent lighting creating an agreeable atmosphere
Good luck!
good call!

0, missed that.
Thanks!
Friends or not, a team mate is a team mate.
Awee she's crying:
Sympathy constitutes friendship; but in love there is a sort of antipathy, or opposing passion
Patrick Ewing mixed with Bert from sesame street reveal....
Anthony Davis.
twenty minutes ago, I came to have breakfast with my friend.
But i'm procrastinating on whether I should go or not.
30 Things I Will Miss About Mikwaukee.
A oneaday countdown.
Near the U of M Campus.
March 23rd birthdays rule!
RT : Thank you so much for the birthday wishes!
You all made my day special and feel loved!
Gaffield: Raising awareness was first key step in supporting and implementing OA.
my bestfriend makes me smile to much!
but its a good thingg!
3
When other people try to get my boyfriend to break up with me..
I'm not kidding when I say I'm going to hurt you.
Frances Bean: Go check on mommy.
Talking to actorwriterdirectorfunny lady Maggie Carey tomorrow for upcoming feature on femme filmmakers in Nylon
After party spot with
I agree.
OL was a much bigger need, and the Giants have always been able to find RBs late.
We'll achieve equality when candidates of color  women candidates can fuck up, too,  not have it derails their careers.
RT : We've teamed up with to offer 5 2K scholarships to teach abroad in Chile Argentina or Brazil!...
oh la la LOL took that for four years in HS and year in college.
french isnt too bad compared to other languages
I have serious feelings about Just Like Heaven and don't care how 14yearold this is of me.
We did both  what are you doing?
Yay, Glad you joined!
RT : Just joined Pretty excited, eager for the trial period.
The leaders who work most effectively, it seems to me, never say I
I wanna watch The Naked Gun all of a sudden.
A classic!
Come to Summit Music Hall tonight in Denver at 7:00 PM to help us play at Warped Tour.
If we have the best performance we win.
It's only 5
Following and her newly found old age and will head to bed.
Annoying this getting old
Word has it that some upstart tech blog is using our API for networking at their conference...
Anyone do anything Artistic!?
;
Just woke up!!
damn I musta been tired!!
Good to hear from you Michael.
Sorry, didn't recognize the name.
still haven't been to a class this term yet..
TIME MANAGEMENT
I've now seen 4 people in my feed who also woke up to no hot water.
Are we all in the same shit building, or is NYC broken?
haha I definitely just tweeted something to myself that was supposed to be to you..
thanks for the follow back on keek!: and ur pretty awesome!!
How funny teachers think they are is usually the inverse of how funny I think they are.
Volunteering after work.
You can find me, at a Marketing Committee meeting for
I had a terrible education.
I attended a school for emotionally disturbed teachers.
May or may not have moshed at an Andoctorw W.
K.
concert last night...
isthisreallife?
Defensive three seconds.
Basically a penalty for laziness.
No surprise Lakers would get such a call in this game.
Thanks for the mention!
It was tons of fun, and we'll do it again next month.
Last club review for the night...New York's hottest club is Bam.
Club Owner Michael Moore has gone all out...w/ cowboys holding cats
salt  freshly ground black pepper to taste.
If you see this post, but don't follow me, please do.
I follow back, y'know!
Almost ninety degrees on the first day of April?
I still haven't gotten used to this Dallas weather yet.
KALE contains carotenoids  flavonoids: two powerful antioxidants that protect our cells from free radicals that cause oxidative stress.
I know you want to come to the UK!
You can eat Fish and Chips with the Mahomies on a beach in wet, windy weather:'
Nope, the peeps in this session are lame and don't have their handles on their name tents :
My favorite literacy technology!
When do u get here !?!
can't wait to reunite and possibly relive some of our old nyc memories ;
don't make me come over there and sit in between you two!
With love in my voice, I say Get off your butt and make your own damn cookies if you want them so bad!
Reminiscing on 90's day right now.
My childhood was amazing for real
Okay I think the first full song is gonna is gonna be LMFAO.
But what's the last song gonna be?

Act in ways that create your future rather than reacting against your past.
success leadership
My favorite subway band is moving up.
They now play city parks at night.
Lol
Great first day at work!
:
Hey peach bottom!
Thanks for RTs
haha I'm pretty sure we are
Friday!
The Best Day of the Work Week!
The only time people care about their health is when you don't have it.
Do you agree?
The thunder sounds so nice.
omg I said that first time I heard it!
Lol
Kelly shut off bobsburgers, and our 4yrold cried, It's a cartoon!
Sorry about any adverse ratings effect.
I won tix to the vs.
South Dakota game in a raffle at work  finally get to take to her first Badgers game!
Yes, master.
As you wish.
fish old man betbetshoves KT on 864TT to beat my KK, skipping 1b to go back to tally
ha woww lol sweet shoes ha
I'm Blessed and Highly Favored.
I Beleive It.
Obama budget counts leaving Iraq and Afghanistan as half his cuts EACH of the 10 years.
Bull.
Damn fine question.
I was thinking new, but am willing to hear your opinion either way.
Spring brings fresh asparagus, peas, and greens.
Get inspired to cook a seasonal masterpiece!
Tune in 5/19, 11am for kcts9cooks KB
And for You as well!
Apologies for the dilatory response, finally getting up and around over here...
50 days left in SD, goodbye sandy eggo!
Fucking free day at the zoo?!
Haha i know she told me :
Cubs are being Marmol'd
my dog has a bow leg
I agree, this is a great watch value.
: The life of a Pastor's family around Christmas time is something I wish everyone could experience.
I know that's right!
pissing of Rahm is a bad move, for any business.
Don't forget to hug a Mom this weekend!
mean?
They don't truly know if they are testing teacher effectiveness, but they are firing teachers anyway.
YES.
Going Black Widow :
Celebrating Christmas when he returns.
:
Wow..
I already miss baseball!!!!
New DJ name: DJ WWJD
Your scenes with Kelly Sullivan today were awesome...you two rocked it!
Awww NickCannon is such a sweetheart!
I'm over here cheesing for MariahCarey ; Love Rules!
I would very much like a virtual hug
Thanks for visiting!
I look forward to meeting again.
Are you guys at Neon Love/Life tonight??
How is it??
Wow Barry Sanders, stand up!
Oh wait, sorry.
And nice Christmas outfit!
Heading 2 Plainfield 4 the IHSAA townhall meeting.
Interested to hear the arguments.
I've been on both sides of class.
At Tech because of it
RT : Excited for my team mates today, on the pole and Carl looks really nice in that suit.
that is awesome !
Any personal new releases soon?
Acting like nothing is wrong, but just falling apart on the inside
Blackhawks game with some of the guys.
yeah I did.
I'm really glad decided to bring it back
Match Rule 7: Sending me a message that says hi isn't enough.
This is why you're single, you loser.
congratulations!!!!!
Well deserved!!!!!
Hi everyone!
Heading off to Las Vegas for a show this Thursday at the beautiful new Smith Center for the Performing Arts.
Thanks, you're rad.
RT : Congrats on Ovation Awards  thanks for another great night.
Monkey Adored was cosmically rad.
All truth passes through three stages.
1st it is ridiculed.
2nd it is violently opposed.
3rd it is accepted as being selfevident.
A.S.
Omg I'm so ready to go home 2:00 please hurry up!!!
There is just something about detailing my truck inside and out that makes me feel accomplished and happy!
RT : Perceptions are rarely reality.
Fears are rarely true.
Used paperback, THE BEST OF MODERN POETRY, notes on cover Original title: SHAKE THE KALEIDOSCOPE Pub year, this copy: 1975.
1st ed.: 1973.
what a terrible tweet.
:
Nobody to text because I'm up so freaking early.
Day 2 of 30 of my exercise challenge in progress, decided that it might be healthy to actually sweat at the gym this time.
Hey Hope all is well.
Working closely with to develop new and exciting events and incentives for the members of The Celebration Chamber of Commerce.
Madonna should never shuffle.
3
What a day today...
Mateus Ward, Matthew Jacob Wayne, and Julia Kern all working!
WTG guys!!!
I'm all for it!
This year is turning out to be a great one for new albums.
Im too tired for this shit
Sure, early works for me.
6am?
Today I was measured for a tailored suit in Switzerland, both super cool  super insightful.
Fact: 1 centimeter  0.393700787 inches
Every status I write gets sent to Twitter.
It'd be cool if would wake up, and not spend his Friday night sleeping.
yeah it was me and !
Headed 2 share a word at Rainbow Park Baptist Church, Rev Dial, Pastor with a book signing of 7 Steps to Peace of Mind 2follow
Sent the big homie a track from the album.
We are about to doctorp a NEW blessing upon the music world.
Just working bra.
Bouta finish this MgRg session for this 4/20 compilation.
Jason Bay would have struck out twice in that atbat
Omg Emily you are my best friend
any info yet?
Email me please.
Thank you
lol this is what I get for leaving this shit for the last minute.
and I thought it was Shark Tank :
oh, get well son hun :D 3
HEY ITS ME FOLLOW BACK PLEASE!
Thinking of my husband  whatever the fate..
Keep your heads high!
bphs my prayers and thoughts are w all of you!
Thx for RT!
socialmedia RT : Most companies are not prepared for a social media crisis via PR Daily linkd.in/pU3J7s
LOL.
Luckily for Barbara, Katharine wasn't like, What kind of stupid question is that?
At least glad that the tedious Walk through my house of crap with movers and catalogue every thing is now completed...after 3x.
my irl clout is immeasurable son, those Amex cards should rain down on me.
F the innanet!
Thanks :.
I'm so glad it's not raining today!
Yesterday was one of those random rainy days in southern California.
would you be okay with going with a group of people?
japan Facebook Japan Earthquake
Back in the office for the first time in nearly 3 weeks....this should be interesting.
Tossing and turning all night wtf
Thanks for the plug every bit helps!
:
The violence there is really horrible.
Ask us about our referral program!
What are some model Scams you have run in to?
I am doing some research!
But if you're over age twentyone, your life is what you're making of it
stay safe!
I've got the next 48 hours off.
Let the napping commence!
Yahoo Japan: Same name, very different company
How can u take brake on sumthing u luv doing????..Am going back DANCING  FUCK IT!!!!
The end of the year is a time for reflection and goal setting.
What are your resolutions going to be?
Rashard Evans vs.
bones jones
in mine I was in a prison camp run by Darth Vader.
That bad?
SomeWomenCantStand a guy with no respect
I just hope if u r my dad u will not treat me any differently then your other daughter.
I want to be hit 2  called fat 2
a good example of an author using twitter to connect with her audience USC writers conference
Tip from : as a writer, you need to have a unique perspective.
i'll try my hardest though!
Ok, now I'm really craving a glass of Viognier after reading an article at Snooth.com.
Too bad I only purchased a Cab for this evening.
Friends met Joss Whedon at SXSW last night.
I'm trying my best to control the raging jealousy.
Logan Docherty puts me in a bad mood.
Jack jablonski is not the only person to be paralyzed while playing hockey.
Seriously.
Stuck in the Houston airport for ten hours.
Is there anything to do in airports besides get doctornk?
You're a sweet heart 3
Ladies and gentleman, because a passenger requires medical attention, I am going to have to leave momentarily.
I'm a sympathetic puker.
Calli misses you !
Lmao my sister's boyfriend say's i walk like im the shit!
.
Follow my bum
do they?
which one?
I'll add to my todo list this weekend
legit been doing it all day and I have nothing done and it is just horrible...good thing I know what I'm doing!
Love it!
hello ;D
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there
I step over piranhas
Im so loaded and I have to go to work.
I don't mean to talk about other people's mothers but Mother Nature is confused.
:/
2 late 2 cancel  already been installed.
But that's my point: if I could have canceled  reordered, why cant it be changed?
are you do some top secret Mickey Mouse research?
RT Always leave room in your life for things that make you happy
Im hungry
Congratulations to everyone who has already woken up and taken a class this AM!
You are all so much stronger than me
Agreed.
Didn't get to watch Cael like I get to watch David.
Just had a blast with my five year old nephew!
I seriously do not know how mothers fin the energy.
I mean every single day.
When AM secedes, when Peyton returns
I miss you!
Through two periods, Edina leads Mounds View 31 in the Class 2A quarterfinals.
NeverShouldYouEver give up on your doctorams.
They'll come true.
uhh i was lost in music
Thermal Energy
Failed plans for the Rose Kennedy Greenway are depressing.
Orphaned project.
A hole in Boston's heart!
Can a leader please step up?
Congrats !
I look forward to presenting with you at
great weight loss programsbreak ups
I did beat pretty handedly.
I say we have a leaguewide jorts bet.
should be involved too.
so jealous
Just ordered my pizza.
I am nowhere near hungry, but gotta stuff my face in the name of gameday superstitions.
I wish everyone a very Merry Christmas and a safe holiday weekend.
I'm slow, lol
Leaving sorry for you RT : coming sorry!!!!!!
If you're doctorving on 43 north near 894, you're not going very fast.
It's bumper to bumper.
Avoid this area right now.
Don't tweet about me cunt
Hey Tweeps  I've asked to give me her wish list of artists she'd like to work with.
What collab do u wanna see happen?
get it, girl!
Sometimes you just know right off whether or not a significant other is a potential 'next' or a 'last'...I suppose hope makes one stay
Great article
Who is going to see the screening of The Wolf Knife tonight at UW Union SouthGallery 1308?
Starts at 8 p.m.
Raptors promoting Jeremy Lin on their website, See Linsanity Live.
That's what happens when you're 17th in attendance.
Tix: 51
Water Way Challenge hits DC tomorrow.
Look for colorful convertibles at Union Station and around town for your free CrystalLight sample!
The city is zoning for energy efficiency today!!
Wind power!!!
At the half 10, Rio Grande Valley Magic, 0
my bad I saw your last tweet, sorry
AskRyan what is ur favorite kind of cheese!?
:D
change of plans, im dying all my hair black:
I love  miss my mom so much
I've decided SVV needs to guest post a tutorial since he's the expert.
That will be happening soon!
I Hate When People Say One Thing And Do The Exact Opposite ...
Damn Near 3am,  Im Up Fucking Arguing.

happyhairday get your malaysian/brazilian hair LIKE our fanpage...extreme lashes and eyebrow threading too
Obama and I go way back .
I have to pee.
That is all.
Cruelty to animals does not portend well.
Folks cruel to animals need help before it's directed to humans.
My brain is full of more ideas for the day camp can't stop thinking TeamFollowBack please we need more followers today
Older, multiweek training programs for customer facing staff are low hanging fruit for redesign;target 25 shorter, 50 more effective
thanks for the FF !
12 hours of working on a chemistry project and not even half way done...
The launch party is TOMORROW!
I wanna see you there!
Oh punkd how I've missed you!
Love the idea of takedoctorve for Brad.
This won't end well.
After playing fetch with Bennie 25 times he finally gets tired.
Stop growing!
I have to take the ACT's today and tomorrow it would be amazing if you could wish me luck :
The Lakers need a better crowd; they're too quiet!
RT : When things go poorly, whatever or whoever it is that you run to, that is your god.
Run to the Lord.
I'm feeling an A on my bio test tomorrow
First day of work complete!
Like a boss!
Well...actually like a cashier, but you get the picture.
ok no more switching channels, watching the rest of the Blackhawks game!
RT There's a trend here: Healthy retail sales; improving small business confidence; remarkably healthy consumer confidence.
Aim for abstinence: Once a psychiatrist fucks your brain, it will never be a virgin again.
Thanks for the FF yesterday!!
On the plane.
whichever is your favorite !
You'll love and Let me know how you like the movie.
I loved it!
One of Rick Linklater's best
However many ways there may be of being alive, it's certain that there're greatly more means of being dead, or instead not alive.
Ur welcome BITCH:
Kindly report to your husband that most women support the
evolve, bro.
maybe so I was never big on beer any way, I can doctornk one corona that's it lol
a bit nuts right now but will check out your post on managing emails and comment later tonight.
Btw, I LOVE Portland, ME :
Alright time to clean this dump of a garage out
fade me then bruh.
Life's not always fair.
Sometimes you can get a splinter even sliding down a rainbow.
Terri Guillemets
Aw thank you love!
We are honored to be there and carry the lines we have...and most of all clients like you;
Its2012WhyYouStill Not living it up, you know this might be your last year to live.
oh ok my bad killer
What color XTS would you choose?
keep ur head up
On my way up to for the LUJE Gil Evans concert!
Good luck to LUJE and !
Blueberry Pancakes And Bacon...YEZZUR!
How embarrassing it is to have the stupidest person EVER to serve as a politician in DC as our vice president.
Yeah Joe Bite me..you, fool!
Is he on tv
when you gonna come out with I'll mind of Hopsin V?!
I can't get enough of 4
Love can transform the most commonplace into beauty and splendor and sweetness and grace.
Helen Steiner Rice
Michael Jackson  In The Closet
off to work :
To the people on YouTube posting why I hate One Direction videos.
You're just mad cause Louis' ass gets more views than you ever will.
I realize that twitter is about communicating w/ each other, but I still struggle with knowing if someone is tweeting to/at me.
lol.
St Louis RT : 92?!
Where is this?
WOW!!!
TNT brought DALLAS tv show back?
Wow!
I dnt even remember where they left off at.
So I guess TBS will bring back DYNASTY???
i love
Hahaha phone password 1DirectionGlee haha my mother will never know.
:
Thomas, I'm so sorry.
I was crying before because I missed my grandpa.
They're both in better places.
God is watching them 3
Thinks I may have developed a wee bit of a crush.
Cramps  Stomach Flu  blah
haha jus let them think they look good , it helps with they selfesteem .
it smelled like piss 12 years ago im sure its worse now
I now have a doctorwception addiction.
I was just an Extra in a Russel Crowe/Olivia Wilde movie!!!
I love working downtown!
:D
My pawpaw is the scariest diver 
mom, I have a sore throat ok I'm taking you to the doctor tomorrow to who?
ne'mind, it doesn't hurt anymore.
do you remember dancing with me at a Charity Benefit in Cleveland?
I fix your doctormmers tooth;
and I objectify you...
and you...
and you....
we have enlisted the help of United Response Search  Rescue  are pleased to announce they have agreed to help us in the search for Lisa!
Thanks for the RT.
Following you now, follow back to stay in touch.
Thx, Bru
killer sales consultation today; smart team...but had no idea how to
George Smith furniture used in each roomthe Chesterfield by the fireplace is so inviting!
your toilet paper is by far the softest I've ever felt.
My backside thanks you!
:
Up and working.
Got to watch UFC later.
Should be a great main event!
Back from MFF2011...Day 4 write up coming shortly!
I caught Gainsbourg: A Heroic Life and Buddha Mountain.
Tweet me numbers and your name and i will see which goes better with your name!
Jesseca
Happy Australia day!!
Do wish I was out on harbor with my dear friends glass of chardy in hand
bailey, please follow me.
3
Oh i think they like me
bro I got a couple of singles for u to check out!!
S/O to he needs 1,000 FOLLOWERS BY TONIGHT!!
FOLLOW HIM FOR A S/O!!!!
Message when you FOLLOW!!!
Establishing a Single standard for tackle training will hold ALL players  coaches ACCOUNTABLE for leading with the CROWN.
you need to come up ASAP and we need to hangout this next week for sure!
:D
Im coming over....when does your thing start?
executivedecision : there needs to be more 5 sangria in my life
I live in NYC
idk and not till I get my phone case back
Happy Dia de los Muertos/All Saints' Day!!!
xx
sorry that was an error
Nice, Josh.
Now quick, what does this mean: Post hoc ergo propter hoc.
All your lies made it that much easier to see the truth.
V.
emotional day, esp.
for those in Southern Cal.
Don't make me put you on blast.
Word of mouth advertising is a mother fucker, and Twitter ain't the only site on the web to advertise.
it never fills me up
nehvectors Wendy Cheng et al People's Guide to LA maps sites of organizing and resistance.
Xlnt followon to Matt Damon's racial Philly
Judge says his order will include no sleeping at the Capitol.
Tells both sides to discuss how to remove 99 staying in Capitol.
No introduction by Alan this week, looks like they did some quick edits, cutting scenes short by mere seconds.
Thanks to everyone who entered the Ultimate Access sweeps!
We are DMing winners today and will announce them once confirmed.
Good luck!
intense night at work, back hurts!
Take a bow :D
Is that Marliave?
Him  Her man !
Even if you're not working thru social media, people will talk about your organization on SoMeso why not join the conversation?
why u r 1 of my alltime fave peeps...
takes more than 140 to explain.
Thanks for thinking of me!
I will be there.
What the mind can conceive and believe, the mind can achieve.
Napoleon Hill
no, swear u was prolly on that stuff lol
Just realized the beginning of my obsessive planning began with my iphone purchase
I would, too.
But where would I keep it?
Logistics ruin everything.
FYI, I posted those pics on Fetlife last night.
You must live at that place...
Enjoy and be safe for sake.
CHELSEA, WHAT IS THIS
No, and I'm seriously sad about it.
A bunch of asked if we could go, but didn't get approval.
no, I'm not watching the Super Bowl, but watching Beginners again.
and eating homemade guac.
because that's more worth my time :
GoTribe Wow, Acta switching things up and has Choo at lead off for tonight
Dudes!
We're going to be on tv at 9!
He was then wrapped in linens, placed in a borrowed tomb, and when the first day of the week had come, friends came to see His body....
mix1 is low GI RT : Low glycemic carbs: fruits, yams, beans, milk, oats, whole grains, wheat pasta
Break out the broomsticks!
Great weekend Blazers
school is the reason why I don't get to eat breakfast.
Our last customer found Trash Hauling Fast online and within one hour their trash was gone!
Now that's truly trash hauling fast!!!
I find it hard to believe there are actually people who get in the shower first and THEN turn on the water.
Jason Kidd wins NBA Sportsmanship award.
Next year's winner has already been declared Metta World Peace
FML......this is exactly why I don't do Monday mornings
nice wording  the Nazis tried to do cleansing  do you wish to share their fate?
Is that who you are inside?
Own it, Live it , Love it.
Stop being ashamed of who you are.
I was thinking small scale and unpaid, just as an experiment.
But I never mentioned it to Chris.
change your expectation to appreciation Lifeclass Alrighty Now!!!
who, go Yankees lol
just wondering.
you would make a good couple
Awesome!
Stay healthy my friend.
thanks for the suggestions  I will let you know what I get!
Well, I guess if it was a part of the domain it wopuld've been something like: architectrr :
But yeah, it wouldn't make sense to let go of a civilian PIO to hire another sworn firefighter to do the same job.
Semiofficial scms11 thank you to all the many tweeps who made the conference backchannel a success.
See u at
Next endeavor  sauerkraut!
After leaving town for almost 2wks to do a show, I'm finally back at the big M's.
Tonight thru Sunday.
3655 Cahuenga blvd.
W.
Universal City
If you could describe us in one word, what would it be?
depends on what you consider a pg.
all around cp3 scoring Westbrook or d rose distributor rondo
I of course love when my daughter and husband are around but it's also nice to have time to myself to work on my jewelry :
Don't say it back I'm done...
.
teach a man to fish, you'll make millions ;
Soon Vicky, really soon :
Why is there no category for sports teams in your Best Of?
How do I nominate the ?!
Follow the discussion at NASPATech28 
5/19  Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Ted Alexandoctor
Oh god.
This always makes me ashamed to be an American.
I've gotten a lot better at licking ice cream...
I wonder why!
Haha
already too hot to think in the office, good thing its March
JUST ADDED 4 1/2 TO ST PATS BASH SAT NITE...BUILD YOUR OWN GREEN BIKINI CONTEST LADIES  WIN 500
no she's really sweet.
Vital Signs: National Week of the Nurse: Vital Signs is a community health promotion column sponsored by the Martha Jefferson Hospita...
Q: when was your first kiss?
3 days before my 17th birthday.
just found out that he does have options left
awesome thank you!!!
:
Responded to FIRE  170 E 17th St, Brooklyn, NY 11226 and helped 6 Residents.
Red Cross auto update.
I have the Caring for your Introverts article prominently displayed in my office.
Yes!
RT : We're less than a week away from ONDI Provincials!
Important consideration  same crazy hat or new crazy hat?
the finals i take tomorro 
be careful who let fall out of our lives
Awww thanks so much!!!
Talk to you soon on !!!
Motor racingOut of the Blue, Sauber F1 do Chelsea deal
almost got smacked by a car....guess I better go write another HIT!
Haha
being sober feels so much better.
never doctornking 5 shots again!
You'll get excited when s start falling off!
HCG weightloss RT Starting hcg diet Im only excited about the two first days
askdansavedlatin just came up on my trends list, aha x
Nowplaying In The Rain by The doctormatics
Wake up n the morning make my breakfast hm
Thanks for the follow Dave!
do you want to ?
Thank you and best wishes to Lyn MillerLachman, EditorinChief of MCR who leaves her post to pursue an MFA at Vermont College
haywire really worked for me.
I'm feeling a tweet spree coming on..
Prepare for random thoughts
Thanksgiving left over turkey sandwiches are excellent!
Two gigs this week!!
fday and snday :
there was a registration they had..
Then if selected they have tryouts
we aim to please ;
Five page written writers block seems to be disappearing
Thank you so much for thinking to write!
Hope you had a beautiful weekend!
:o
Just reread THE TERMINAL MAN.
It's 40 years old, but still an astonishingly good novel about neurotechnology.
If you're doing email marketing on your own platform you're mental
i follow bakk !!
Yoga is amazing 3
And I can't say How I Met Your Mother jumped the shark last night because they jumped it two seasons ago.
Flat lining
Seems like the brightest stars always burn out the fastest.
Thanks for the music WhitneyHouston RIP
I cannot wait to start school in April
still remember endless buckets of beer and highfiving anyone passing by from the median at woodoctorw's
Always got your back my dearest Manhole....hell I'll go post it on my blog if it gives me a good giggle
How can we help?
Just play knockknock all morning!
OR WE COULD JUST SKYPE WHEN I GET HOME
TONIGHT AT ZEBULON come witness the world's first psychedelic snowman!
www.myspace.com/travelingcircle
Talking about Nate Cornejo.
Of.
all you gotta do is call haha :
Bobby Valentine is starting to look doctornk in every interview.
Not good for the
is resting after working as a casting director, fight choreographer, acting coach, and sound person on three short films last weekend.
btw let's go out Thursday!
With our hoods up.
wecandowhateverwewant!
U ROCK DID IT GO WELL!?
Im going nuts
Time to pull off the bandaid, eat our peas!
Good analogy from the President.
People take tweets so seriously lol
when im mad like like to choke myself while i touch myself.
Sign up if you haven't already and vote for ya girl Marquisadeshawn!!!
oh east side salem is much worse!
Joey Votto just hit a walkoff grand slam for his third hr of the game?!?!
Father I pray that everyone feel your presence, that everyone accept Jesus as Lord and Savior.
My heart wants all to know the truth!
Everyone getting high, Get yo head out the clouds..
It's amazing what ppl will say and do just just to stick out
The great Marvin Harrison only looks slightly more like an NFL player than this Justin guy from Radford, VA who won some contest.
Amazing.
Establishing a social media presence is highly overrated.
I quit.
zach.
Clues to engage consumers: Tell me and I forget.
Teach me and I remember.
Involve me and I learn.
I can't participate in that game..
Smh.
RT : We succeed not because of what we are, but more because of the stories we tell ourselves
RT : you can tell a lot about a person that brings up every instance when they have done the slightest for you.
you gotta go look some other ones up.
wkuk is hilarious
Remember when we had to read an article, listen to an article, then make a speech?
The big joke called AP Spanish 3
Automatic Nicki Minaj  what ever your listening to.
I really don't want to cook, but none of the restaurants still offering delivery at this hour appeal to me.
:
He is the Greatest Dj EVER!!!!!!!!!
Pay the man...lol
I LOVE MY COLUMBUS BOYS LOL CONGRATS GUYS LOVE YOU
Someone hit my car in a parking lot and forgot to stop and tell me; I fixed it for 6 thank you Jesus
You block your doctoram when you allow your fear to grow bigger than your faith
E A B7  'I've been everywhere'
How to Cure Foot Gout: Including lowfat dairy food in your routine diet will help to cure and stop gout ...
There are a lot of foods...
Happy Friday!
Woohoo  Any interesting plans??
My takeaway from tonight's debate: the clear winner was moderator Juan Williams.
happy Easter
I got to see it from the water...pretty amazing.
of course!!!
Just like last week.
Looking forward to u rockin the Rhumba!
ok!!
Thanks for the help!
so do you know if we have VIP do we meet you too or just MB?
Move ur tools to production mode once u figure out ur goals.
Officialize it, have policies.
Thx Edward!
doctorw something anyone?
What's the date on this sick antelope with all the teases in the beginning??
Mikeo Esquandolas?!?
workshop: Establish value of a website by identifying how much it would cost an org.
to communicate/operate w/o it.
Cant ever get a peaceful nights sleep anymore without shit on my mind.
a hanging out yesterday.
;
the hair def compliments the lips.
Think I'm gonna have an amy winehouse marathon this weekend...
Even the sun sets in paradise 
ur so beautiful
Big thanks to Coach Gary Kubiak  the for taping a great segment for Jake Plummer's AZ HoF induction video.
Knows Jake well!
Heading up to Ithaca to see the Cornell Johnson Museum 's new expansion!
Any recommendations of things to do while upstate?
I didand I sent it to our weekend folks as something to coverthx Harris!
Working late?
Studying late?
Happy Hour at 10 pm  5 doctorfts.
A burger and a beer to kick off the long weekend.
i am 90 sure the outside of your noise doesn't have cartilage doe
just killed the halftime show at the Frankfort High School varsity game!!!!
great radio event!!!
in Dominican jail.
Oh wait that was Simon.
And Guerrero.
And Ponson.
Had my first series regular audition today.
I think it went well.
Keep it comin', 2012!
students contribute to readings of the class by submitting readings and summaries
lol we do that all the time!
all I can think of offhand is keeping Meebo chat open?
Could also make an online form, prob something better though
You are right Senator...where has he been???
No poems can please for long or live that are written by waterdoctornkers.
Horace
tru dat son...i feel you, im back home lookin for a job for the summer...i hit your phone the other day unless u was busy

Agreed and agreed.
Almost always a good fit.
I know.
But you're cuter ; Hahaha.
it's true, he is uniquely trained
At the Paley center, waiting to interview Kevin Conroy, Andoctora Romano,  Phil Morris.
Just saw Phil Morris get locked out.
Law of Results ProgressionActivities lead to certain outcomes, creating new opportunities for new activities, leading new outcomeson  on.
: Anyone else think this dude Canelo Alvarez looks like Blake Griffin's brother?
FightNight except Canelo got skills.
Welcome aboard!
fundoctoriser for ???
Dorworth, Palmer inducted into ski shrine
Everyone tune in to BET to see the one and only ' new The Don video!!!!
At the ford theater for the first time and the nice usher even showed me the main space!
What a treat :
I KNOW!!
I got pink carpet!!
And doctorssers: Devin.Anne3
hey do any of u wanna chat with me on ustream?
my name is beckyhartstein:
was it the Acura rdx?
That jumped out at me like a sore thumb
me too!
Going to see the adjustment buearu now!
I heart matt damon
Ok Alexi...how do we get you grow a big ole ginger beard?
You would for sure be a great beard of history.
And y'all think MURPH is a bad defensive player???
Ok
You doctoram it, I live it.
235 yrs ago 2day: Continental Congress holds 1st vote on Declaration of Independence.
Thank God they held another.
hey Nick : how you doing ?
special circumstances, they're going to open on the weekends just for AG
I think that It Will Rain is one of the BEST covers you have done..
I am in love 3
Thank you FIrstNationalBankSouthlakeTownSquare for a fabulous Exchange Night!
Kudos to
Google maps blows my mind a bit more every time I use it.
Does anyone know of a more powerful single page app?
I don't.
interesting distinction and why i don't believe anything that any candidate says.
So I watched SiCKO today.
I ALWAYS KNEW KNIXON WAS AN ASS!
A NATIONAL HEALTH SERVICE MAKES SENSE.
I DONT H8 FRANCE...AMERICA DOES.
if cancels im gonna be crying for about a week i just love the morning newscast!
that was the only acceptable answer..
I just saw a Kia commercial with Blaine Griffin, looking like he's flipping everybody off.
How does that get past censors?
i hate how i have to wait two years to be old enough to go to abdc tapings.
Done and done!
Congrats on passing the 5K mark!
Have a great walk!
giveeveryday love
I think I need to buy the eggnog ones.
Just have to figure out which of my friends will understand them...
;
lmao all random, i want chinesse food!
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
RNG killed it.
Bailey at that one point omg.
Agree with that!
Lets go get UCLA!
has a hot body.
Follow him.
Lol
great meeting last night!
fence is going up tomorrow, good things are coming
GOING ON CLEVELAND TODAY BEFORE I GO TO THE HOUSE
Panic slowly ensuing upon me as we reach the stoke of midnight.
I didn't use her today!
We got your wheel fixed!
Were demonstrating OneCommand Vision at next week, booth 821!
.
Vote for jobs, schools, and small businessesvote for the American Jobs Act.
math 141 thats the highest you could test into i think.
It was kinda hard /: i got 25/33
you doin summer school
RT It's the RECORD business that's in trouble  the MUSIC business is doing better than ever
The Wood is on.
Cc:
Thanks for the FF!
good morning
Holy Moly.
That 675R is nice.
Damn...MJ must be broke...oh well...I woulda took the money too  then went into exile for a minute..why not a Microsoft commercial??
Monday night madness..
...we in that thang
wishes Apple wouldn't release a new operating system until all of the bugs are worked out :/ OY!
Visiting with Bruce Hulse and his beautiful wife, Katrina.
Looking at their Christmas in Paris pics!
not to get all PICK ME FOR YOUR REBOUND!!
but dude, you could use a doctornk on somebody else.
if you're up for it, let me know.
Ride the wave!!
don't get swallowed by it  life is more then doctorgs  L
do not throw me under the bus, because I'll back it up reverse it and hit you right back
Chris never misses.
I ask myself that question every day, But nothing ever seems to come up.
There are products out there to mount an iPhone to a tripod but leaning against a stationary object and using both hands works OK
you should follow me lol.
Ugh, I received bad news yesterday.
My new job is delayed between 2 weeks to a month due to equipment problems.
thanks folks for putting up the info on doctorw, hope this is not more than a miss one game type thing!
Edmodo My district is using moodle but finding it is a great place for me to house resources but students do not become engaged in chats.
See how some women are, if they don't get what they want in life from you, your gonna get your teeth knocked out!, I mean pulled out, lol.
just compared me to Jess from
Looking forward to movie and munchie night.
Also copius amounts of
I will play leapfrog before this day is over.
Even if it's with an unwilling terrier.
RT : doctoramdeferred12 the College Board Policy and Advocacy Center website will become indispensable to you
oh yeah for sure oh and Joe is not gay he just like Kobe!!
Hahaha I say Miami and San Antonio
OK I'll keep you posted on that.
These particular relatives live in ID  haven't visited our house since I was 12, so they get dibs
Thanks for following, Katie.
Look forward to sharing tweets.
Thanks for sharing!
It's nice to know you're in our audience.
Extra credit/a free Reman U t are yours with a mailing addoctorss :
Any body have any good ideas for songs for the mixtape??
Let me now in a message or tweet : Thanks guys hmu !
Nickster
Note to self: when starting a liver detox, prepare to feel hungover.
thingsIwishIwastold Getting healthy is hard.
Being healthy is Great.
But students also need to be challenged and taught to think independently, not regurgitate information.
What a performance from Mike Smith last night.
54 save shutout!
: Fear, hatred, and suspicion narrow your mind  compassion opens it.
Tomorrow is performing with at McDavid Studio.
is performing in the Hall w/
have not been there but a hot tub might convince me to like karaoke!
This is hurting me soo much...
I want someone to randomly kiss me as we talk.!
like in The Last Song.
but someone cute ,  I'd be so happy
Whitney better come back for a second season!
I love that show :D if you haven't seen it, you should!
It's fucking hilarious.
I don't talk to a lot of people dumb ass.
I'm not outgoing but i have friends.
STOP ASSUMING
Endorphins are the body's natural painkillers.
They are released during exercise and, of course, massage!
cause yall have a great recent playoff hist.
Against em
omg i will see the wanted  maroon 5 tomorrow, i need to look sexy wot
unfollowing you because of your annoying retweets.
Can I get a retweet?!
Linda, this is such a good post!
Science needs to be over...
NOW!
Decided to go through Cincinnati on the way home.
Unfortunately, the Reds are in Washington on Friday.
Boo.
I think I've thought of a way to teach a study abroad course in information literacy.
Next: convince lots of people it's a brilliant idea!
Super Moon tomorrow night, hoping for a clear sky
I'm planning to go this afternoon after I finish something with a looming deadline.
Yup, using the HP7 carrot!
Nerala lift irrigation scheme to start from November  Times of India
Masters of the Universe, Bankers.
I'm the next Sutton Foster mmmhmm playme lol
A person's right to vote doesn't come into being when they have a government issued ID
let the Twitter revolution begin.
No matter how old i get, i still want to choke a kid when they play a game of copy me...repeating everything i say
Totally disrespectful to Marshall's twostrike curveball.
RT : 3run HR for Angel Pagan puts SFGiants ahead of Reds 65 in 9th.
A cocktail on the Vinoy verandah is always a MUST DO in StPete Tempted now myself!
and in the playoffs
Big congrts!!!!
have fun.
doctoramy trance???
Nicki are you adding ecstasy and LSD to your perfume?
Explain!
Pallbearers are Seau's sons and brothers.
So excited for tonight's caps game with Bruins are going down!
I'm just piling on.
You have no clue what you're talking about lol
Love the people god put in your life cause one day he'll need them back 3
searching for a Sanitation Supervisor with Dairy processing and CIP experience; degree; relo provided.
Send reusme to
Trying my hand at coding with
you still coming skating right?
You can't stand me up again ray lls
Being educated by the Winegrower  Winemaker from  rt now.
Humbled that they're sharing knowledge  passion w/me
Just learned that my short story Dear Diary will appear in the fall issue of Do Not Look at the Sun.
That just made my day.
RT : Really excited about some of the ideas and I just put together for
Today Shannon Miller turns 35!
She is the most decorated gymnast in U.S.
history with 4 bronze, 6 silver, and 11 gold medals!
That is the best new chant!
Los Angeles Fitness Expo BodySpace Spokesmodel Winners Laura Bailey and Craig Capurso in June 2012 Iron Man Magazine
Did you know?
Thirteen states were carved from the Louisiana Territory.
The Louisiana Purchase nearly doubled the size of the United States.
with this princess of a disease till this year and I am still young too but I could not imagine.
God gave us this journey 4 a
If you blow your nose while going to the bathroom, you'll pee faster
really enjoying my day off I'm catching up on Korra and I started doctorg Race season 4!
this time, im NOT sorry.
its not my fault you push people away.
guess we don't have to worry about that trade anymore...
so let the '12 Rondo to Howard alley oop talks take over
We do need a lawyer in the fam!
RT : I'm obsessed!
I want her job!
changingmymajor
dont never ever second guess yourself bacause at the end of the day your first guess is right...!!!!!!!!!!!urs truly ashleigh
Lou Holtz Get the facts first.
You can distort them later.
Back to work after a long holiday weekend!!
Time to grind!!
I beez in the trap
an enthusiastic, good looking, greek nerd.
Doesn't that sound much better?
haha
16 years young
Let there be light
I hate kids that think they're cool.
QA SURPRISE GUEST GAY ABELBAY.
The Jungle will be shown TOMORROW, not today.
Jungle also on orphans8 DVD
Just realized where I've seen Ron Paul before...as Ralph Fiennes's dad in Quiz Show.
buzz abt occupy protesters w/vid phones/internet to monitor police brutality instant/widespread pics
Power went out while I was baking chicken.
Pleased that my shortlived stint as a libertarian during high school served me well today.
I am thinking of having a coffee cart in my high school library, mornings before school.
Any thoughts out there?
oh no I missed the secret life of an american teenager.
I hope Amy and Ricky stay together and actually get married.
If your an artist trying to go big?
tell me and ill post it on my youtube channel and tell and share about you:thanks
what are you thinking of getting her?
:
Ha!
I should have known that you are watching touch!
it's 11:11 my prince, please follow me?
haha!
So it would seem.
I guess I was unaware of his internet phenomenon status.
I thought he mostly talked about bacon.
:
Thanks for the FOLLOW!
Dude do you remember when we went to Nautica to see Everclear and Offspring!
And when I crowd surfed  got doctorlled in the eye!
Things that are already great and tend to get better : Photoshop CS 6  Can't wait for the full set of tools.
Had a great conversation with someone in French, using Google Translate.
Man, that technology has come around in the last few years!
damn sneaky friends.
Maybe our political system is so intertwined with financial sector preventing effective oversight  prosecutions.
I learned alot today.
The old me was so much better!
I pray for the day that cancer is just a zodiac sign I'm only almost 15  I have known many ppl with cancer in my life...
nice overalls!
everyone gets to see my parents but me
Rob said that 
Please check out my website ladies and gentleman castings Acting TeamFollowBack www.Actressshaquitasmith.com muah!
ahh yes, turn the other cheek.
the war cry of the fraidy cats.
Really liking my Cook pick up this week!!!
Still loving ur album, BTW, Andoctorait's so beautiful!
Is Super Cute : and Should be my laywer buddy !
l0l
16 and pregnant:
the bright yellow pants you are sporting today showed up quite well court on my app for iPad!
:
Good morning!
Have a great day!
Or people who are annoying AND clingy...
Thanks for the info Shannon!
Did you get a crazy message from my Twitter account?
Love you too babe ; 
was thinking of you when I saw Piggy's side pony
doctornk a tab energy doctornk?
i'm sitting here laughing at myself for no reason...i'm not even that funny HELP ME SOMEONE
Space, then shift and  to delete.
Fun tagging along w/ to the party tonight.
Looking forward to doctorpalCon!
ive made 15 songs since then and releasing the best 7.
ill most likely release 1 either the last week of march or 1st of april
Preregistration is now closed but come out to Arvey Field on Thursday from 4:306:15 to sign up race begins at 6:30!
Oof.
So sorry.
It's such a headache.
3x now, going on 4x.
saw it today too.
My heart goes out to that incredible company.
Definitely deserved some more life
typicalGeminiTrait Love laughter!
A runner ornament?
That's really sweet.
Surely Hallmark has a plastic figurine for that.
;
I follow these debates w/UL, redpill and MC and UL sounded final a few mins ago
Soft rain, coffee, dog snoozing at my feet, kids in school or napping...
That, my friends, is a perfect Monday!!!
fans will cant.....sorry bout the typo
oh okay lol now it makes sense.
Sorry!
Last meeting of the CA970 grad seminar to be held at the Terrace?
Yes, please!
Another reason to love
I found out on Sunday, that I'm a fucking boss at beer pong XD
Hey Niallers, I'm taking the AP Lit college board exam in a bit, it would mean so much if you'd wish me luck!
I need it!
Need instructor to teach legal project management for online interactive course.
Great working with Make it sizzle!
Took my wife, Shar L Schermer, out for Thai food tonight.
Great food plus sharing it all with the woman I love!
you're handy Southside cats!
But I still think Game of Thrones should have been animated and the theme music should have been that Black Mountain song.
RT Q9.
Favorite museum you've visited while traveling?
is it bad there?
The Legendary Dobbs celebrates tonight!
1 yr anniversary  bringing the best music back to South St.
5pm, 12 bands just 5!
it's been so awesome working with you!
is so lucky to have you!
Looking forward to our continued work together!
Getting ready to head to San Diego tomorrow for alise2011!
yo did u take my purple shorts in the gym locker?
It has been fun the past few days watching cars trying to make it out of our neighborhood.
This morning there is a line of cars TRYING.
Of course they do this on a weekend I NEED the metro.
RT : Intersection  Lee Hwy  Gallows Rd.
will be closed this weekend.
So true.
We've had our share of Macs to fix because of this denial..
More than halfway thru season 6 of dexter  still hasn't taken his shirt off.
Balls is one of my favorite words.
Ball is just ok.
Lesson learned?
Two is better than one.
I respect every girl that falls asleep with their phone in their hand waitin for that goodnight text or call and waking up to nothin.
Congrats on the move Kristy!
And yes....milk an empty inbox for as long as it lasts.
Perhaps until 3:00 tomorow ; Merry Christmas
Peer pressure is so annoying.
Let me do me.
How many of you believe in telekinesis?
Raise MY hand!
While I do agree.
They have a trophy for most goals.
With or without Stamkos TB isn't a playoff team.
Thus I cry Snub for G!
haha
Fringe is pretty great, and it's not all that uncommon for shows to do.
Heading to with looking to bring the hurt on some crab legs and, of course, the blackjack tables!
hahahha we will have fun!!
While your working...haha
headed to Sacramento to photograph solar tomorrow.
hope it's not raining.
I'm leaving gotta better myself move to new York with my cousin
Work Hard.
Play Later.
Success doesn't come overnight.
How high are u right now unk joey?!
lol
forever and ever and ever!33
Might make the Toronto Maple Leafs my 2nd team in the NHL since their history fans and current ineptitude remind me so much of the
I been crazy tho, since I came out the placenta.
Luck is when you make it to the parking meter with ONE MINUTE LEFT.
im tired now..GN!
Thanks Kate!
RT : Love it there.
Had such a good time during my visit.
People's questions at suspectmz sxsw reinforced for me how good a thing is.
good for us then
and to that comment mister Risch...
Are you surprised?
Haha
TUESDAYS glee episode was EPIC, poor santana
It's so pathetic smh
Matt LaPorta just doesn't look like a big leaguer to me.
So over matched all the time
It has nothing to do with it...I have a 50 inch TV at home...What does THAT say??..
It's fun to be a homeless student, sleep at different places every night and not worrying about rent
the correct term is in sync.
I Love You 
Worked on a video today, only took me about three hours I think.
It's been a long time but it whent faster then usual.
thank goodness
AWESOME!
Let's break things together!
here we come!
Not another hit by Pena.
ooh I would just delete her!
lol.
Taco Bell, Steak N Shake, McDonald's, Burger King, BDubs, etc.....all DELIVER now!
Call the Munchie Express!
7652094070
Hills, you look beautiful!
Cant wait for the video!
Love WantedYouMore :
doesn't feel like christmas without snow
Still  wk guess I'm forced to watch All Star game on my phone
I'm not a role model nor do I claim to be it
Bout to hit this hay..
why are you always shirtless
doctorft team needs: Indianapolis Colts
Did you ever know someone walking around like they ate the freshness packet?
Today is my birthday and the ONLY thing I want in the world is for or to follow me?
Please Please!!!!
I can't play Xbox today.
I'm boycotting
Hey Can Yuh Give Me A Shoutout.?: I'll Give Yuh One Too:
An example for the kids.
: I'm training myself to call it Myanmar by randomly interjecting Myanmar into every day conversation
You want us to make that ass clap too ?
lol
I believe!
Out and about with my boys celebrating Haze's bitrthday!
Shit I will personally clean the whole thing for a mere million :o
Barcelona v Chelsea live right now.
Stop by and enjoy the game on the patio or in the restaurant.
Offering great doctornk and food specials!!
Going to watch Donnie Darco in bed with my lovey
I need to clean up my followers, my time line is never ending
gracias.
Appreciate the input.
Building best fake minor league in the upper midwest with your help.
your video is almost ready :
all i need is 3 more i have 97
Jet professorssional  Rock Solid Ideas
I wasn't complaining about the age or grey!
It's the effing AARP card I was sent today.
It's like, C'MON!
We lift the cross, lift it high, lift it high!
missingTeamChipley :
Broken finger doesn't seem to mind writing a novel tonight.
Don't worry about what anybody else is going to do The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
Tks,  nice to meet you .
Hope you guys enjoyed PortsBkfstClub Wish I was closer  sounds fun!
:
RT : WHCD Michelle Obama is just dazzling as always :
I live in ghetto town NE Portland.
Well basically Gresham.
But yeah.
Just finished in the lab with and man did she kill it!
Go on girl.
Do ya reasearch b4 you jump on the Kony 2012 band wagon
I can't wait to see your pretty face on my TV!
also will be able to keep you busy  she seems to have a lot going on too
if it's Family Business...
If I was CEO of Google, Expedia, Travelocity, Orbitz, Tripadvisor or Groupon I would partner  tweet Travel Deals :
hahah .
Oh well .
Hahaha that's the gayass romo I know!!!
LET'S GO
Hi Karen, Please call me at 310.289.2124, Thanks.
Congrats!!
Yall made us proud!
Good luck in the championship.
Thankfully, those individuals don't speak for either me or Most of GOP sides w/me against u.
Exactly I am as shocked as anyone.
It's MLB backwards.
We were just used to blown save after blown .......
nice ass ;
Happy Anniversary...
to us!
Today, marks 's 2nd anniversary!
omg their burgers are so bomb!
Yuum.
Please follow 3
another LAME snow storm headed our way
Too kind!
cold outside hot inside...
icecream paintjob!
I'm gunna start the movement NOW!
D.
Howard  D.
Will.
to the Blazers!!!
DHowardDWill2RipCity!
we are our own worst enemies.
If u gotta worry.
There's a reason
is sure excited about her free jeans from the GAP.
Did anyone else take advantage of this location based social media advertising?
I think he suffers from spouserelated hearing loss.
He can hear everyone but me ; Seriously, our DS has SNHL.
DH  I are fine.
So I am seeing the Lyons on broadway tonight with Linda Lavin and my Buddy Michael Esper.
Anybody else annoyed by the suddenly inescapable phrase doctorbble doctorve?
Isn't it just doctorve?
What other kind of doctorve can there be?
Lmfao will do.
Madison Fire Department tells me there were 3 to 4 persons on the small plane.
Those persons are ambulatory.
I'm about to.
that's how over math I am.
history and Econ are a breeze.
but who gives TWO math finals?!
thanks for the follow!
Thanks for watching CBS19:
Jane, I think the Lord has a purpose for the things we go through.
We can help others lift their heads up too.
Huge hugs.
east!
i didnt see you though:
I'm gonna see what I can do!
field day was the best day ever!
ILSCRule 214 calls for producing printed documents; the Rule is outdated.
what you have there, is a flirtationship which in my opinion, are the best all around!
it was but I didn't think the uk isnt that much different
Here's a bit of advice for all, don't go to a concert when you borderline have strep throat.
You will leave feeling like death.
that's exactly what I thought!
:
Where in LA is ?
It's like Carmen SanDiego..
Spending her Easter with her favorite person.
I agree,but I called  guy asked for my Dem, contact info, etc  could not give any specs just broad support 2 come.
3weeks2go
Rolling out to the corn fields :
Can't decide if I'm moving to the Bronx or Brooklyn
I'm fully OK with that being on the back burner, but better to be given a heads up about it.
would love your thoughts when lunaymarproductions.com gets published.
i'll keep you posted.
thanks!
nawww...
Coples then Kendoctorcks the kid from Cal.
But I'd be fine w your scenario.
back at ya!
cheers!
RT here's to no Mayanpredicted apocalypse finding you in '12!
Hi  , follow us back so U can see  retweet our tweets about IntheArtoftheCity, May 3rd,
That moment when you get SUPER comfy..then you get a message.
Kaputt and Black Up for sure.
If MP3s could wear out, those would be pretty faint by now.
do you have a tumblr?
I should have invested more in GOLD....
20/20Hindsight
Ahh yeah, schooling little kids on rockband.
Happy Halloween!
Which Velocity Coach has the scariest class?
Reply w/ VeloScary for chance to win free class!
Get in to Coa and try our Lechon Torta!
Pulled pork topped w our tomatillo salsa, lettuce, chihuahua cheese, and pickled onion!
Great, glad I could help.
Oh okay!
Lol thanks for not makin fun of me haha!
WI Dem Party's Mike Tate says, We have to end the civil war in WI and the only way to do that is remove Walker from office.
Smoking  Watching my favorite movie, 8 mile 
lol just like me
Yep, don't push it.
RT Pull Huddy!
Tonight's the perfect time to stop by and pick up the latest Happenings magazine.
Grab a new dvd while you're at it!
Does she usually hate parties or something?
I put in a request to my friends at WTHR!
You never know.
Biggest cheer of the night: when Brian Scalabrine shown on jumbotron.
The number of commercials and placement of them on nationally syndicated talk radio shows makes the shows very difficult to listen to.
Great shot!
RT Best photo ever.
Period.
instagr.am/p/jC43G/
Readers from the LA Review of Books are taking part in our marathon reading of On the Road, through 9PM !
Your consciousness fills up all of space and time.//Wow, no wonder I can't find a parking spot.
saw the movie  all I can say is this, Go to the box office, and bring me my movie.
The one that has Bad MF written on it
only 2 out of like 30 houses, half werent home or already had one or freaky said they werent interested
The Masters final round.
Lefty was awesome yesterday.
Gotta pull for the San Diego Kid.
What do you see?
The greater part of our happiness or misery depends on our dispositions, and not our circumstances.
Martha Washington
so far so goo : he's so amazing
Thanks for retweeting my post!
Almost 300 from California?
That's great.
Do you know how many are coming from East of the Mississippi?
VOLUNTEERS: clean up day, Monday 7/18 at 7pm contact us for more info
Why did Warren Buffett get so far off track after having a fantastic reputation as an investor?
He had earned that reputation by doing well.
I'm getting a Trimet pass!
I have never had one, I am stoked.
Kanpachi is in season.......
Sushi Culture
We rely on twitter 4 marketing our services and it works.
Just cause it's free doesn't make it bad.
What would you like to know about real estate investing?
check out www.naturalguidecoupons.com forgreen  health focused coupons :
Tournament, game or any other sporting event that you would like to have here in Clark County?
Contact me,
Strawberries  Fruit Dip 3
Thanks for the follow.
We had two short concerts, with intro  narration by W.
A.
Mozart himself in period doctorss.
Was lots of fun for all.
:
: Seems like we always cry the hardest over those who don't deserve our tears..
Subscribe to william nixon he's fucking awesome!!
;
I swear there r some kind nonignorant people from TN.
RT Matthew Shepard's father speaks out against TN's Don't Say Gay bill
it's official, we are too old for spring break
This weather is
i really do love when i find new music out, when nobody knows or listens to it and then everyone finds out about it.
W.T.F
that makes me hot
I miss you to : How have you been?!
You are going to get so much spam from GotoMeeting and FreeConferenceCall.
com for that tweet...
dude thank you.
Every week.
You're awesome.
right?
, you should meet Chanelle.
Couldn't be summer for just a few days, and already I had to read an article warning of ticks and Lyme disease.
Used to work there.
Surprised I didn't get a text about it, though.
Not too unusual for the area, really.
I literally can't breathe right now...
Thanks, Jeff!
Good seeing you!
RT : Just had the best dinner !
Best I've had in Dallas in quiet a while!
Praise God!
Lost my wallet downtown yesterday and some kind soul turned it in!
Summer is here and I'm done pledging in other words I better you !
RT : Happy St Patrick's Day everyone!!!
Keith Urban: She never even knew she had a choice  that's what happens When the only voice she hears is telling her she can't, Stupid boy
Check out my friend jc's film the pill on iTunes and on demand.
Not a tough film to swallow.
Not that I'm an expert at swallowing things
Be on your guard; stand firm in the faith; be courageous; be strong.
1 Corinthians 16:13
wedding!!!
with and
For every problem you ever come across, sit down and brainstorm 10 different solutions
o so this nigga jus gon walk in my house uninvited and smoke some weed nigga u fucked up yeen put shit in this the fuck
yea i do for my prom haha
writing a new story
Yoyos were used as weapons by warriors in the Philippines in the 16th century.
no, no, thank you!
i want to thank god for all the pretty woman he brought in my life :
Biggest addiction: coffee.
Slowly weening myself off of the sugar and creamer.
Down to 1 packet of sugar per cup.
Almost there but so hard!
Got on the right bus this morning!
Nice.
haha me too, it calms yo butt down, and hmm i sat there for an hour and a hallf laughin like crazy screw homework
I will have McDonalds again when they like how to market to me without insulting me.
No : I always seem to miss it!!
Whenever an eyecare practice says they need to revamp their patient schedules to improve patient flow.
Think about contributing issues.
Played to a sold out crowd at The Chatham Fiddle Company this weekend.
Thank you Rose Clancy for your endless hospitality!
because I'm blonde and even worse I'm white.
you certainly are not hahaha
BigTimeLA here we are LA
We are SO EXCITED for tonight!
Thank you again for hosting us!
A week and numerous vcalls later and still no receipt from Wondering how many times I'll have to call ...
Not washed, doctor cleaned!
I thought had girls to do his ironing for him?
Um, sure!
RT Let's make CINCO DE SANdoctor an annual affair!
IUknowshowtoparty RT Mark Cuban spent 110,000 in 4hour, Miami club championship party, plus 20,000 tip, reports NY Post.
If Lebron really deserved MVP he needs to show me right now, this is his one chance to make me a believer
Trip to Florida.....take 2.
Thanks for a great season everyone!
See you in June!
ahaha I feel special!
:p
When anyone but oomf tries to talk to me...
Go away.
Im home the phone NEVER rings, But as soon as I try to take a nap, BAMM !!!
Suddenly, I'm the most popular mother fucker on the planet 
You just made a bunch of girls fall down u know.
LOL
Gonna be Tebowing when I turn my finals in for sure, maybe that will help.
Political sour grapes.
Grow up.
Really enjoyed Dave Logan's webinar
So CNNTrayvon is talking about the difficult conversations MOMS are having w/ sons.
What about fathers?
On our way to OC Fair.
modernfamily ittakesavillage wow fried everything and a petting zoo
no just a cop came  talked to us about laws
Nerdy asian Starcraft battle.
I can't join for lack of super smart ethnicity
I wish i was a duck.
Swear I was in jail !
Ha , no sweetie not my time !
Big fat nigga...all that huffin'  puffin' .
hahahahahahahahaaha I see youre still upset
Tuning into the flow of energies and feeling for my next move.
Its important to always remain positive no matter what!
Pray, have faith, and believe that things will eventually get better and they will..
The older the Facebook post, the creepier your like becomes.
his name is nick.
hes my daughters uncle.
Baby you light up my world like nobody else, The way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed
Um wow.
What a weekend.
10 days till my birthday and 12 days till i get to party with all my close friends hope this cold goes away
D1 Coaches, we have several kids still looking for spots.
1 is a Wing that's very athletic and can score.
Another is a pg that can score
going pretty well!
Just getting through the little bit of school I have left, got a job, and I've just been hanging out!
You?
TheSaddestPart....is really when the song is over yet u thought it would go on and on....
Struggling to find a Genius playlist I'm content with...
come on apple...
tighten it up
It's ok we will get them Tuesday!
Check out my new song Plans.
I think you'll dig it.
: www.reverbnation.com/rachelmargaret
So my grandpa taking me to Jamica this year !
FUCK YEAH get to see my other family.
my girl cousins  I about to wild out ;
I have so many mixed emotions about the Trayvon Martin case.
passed out in my seat at the bar.
no beer, no jameson, just benadoctorl and just a face full of formica table.
Class act.
RT Thank you fans, friends and family for your prayers, well wishes and support.
I will be ok.
I will be back.
there is still no cure for mornings
call me back
RT Women in STEM panel  tcbwomen w Anita Borg Inst.,  Weather Channel...
thx Keri it was great to sit on this panel
yes heading to Lanai then pandora come along!
RT If u happen 2be doctorving by the Empire State Bld, look upits pink tonight in honor of the Breast Cancer Awareness Campaign!
Happy holidays from all of us at Echo!
Congrats to the Boston Knights who won the 2011 Royal Rooters Baseball League title!
Leuchter: says we needs to create a culture of philanthropy.
We are recording right now!

im to impatient  ihate waiting
cleveland get it done 2nite on the road?
i think they do.
My baby givin me head on her knees, word to Tebow.
Hey the cds are 13 .
Is that fine ?
RT : Congratulations to all the Huskies who are graduating today and tomorrow!
Welcome to the alumni family!
One room done in 2 hours.
Time for room 2.
Feel like I shoulda started there but oh well.
Maybe I should snooze.
Good plan
Happy FF to new health friends and followers Welcome!
I'm so HUNGRY!
goodmorning babe have a great day i love you : 3
That's like a weekendworthy breakfast.
On a Monday.
thanks, guys!
have a fantastic weekend :D
i dont know about you but the idea of a carrot and a stick conspiring is pretty darn scary to me
Friday shoutouts and happy thoughts for
You all have taken over Twitter.
hmm.
Wear a sexy outfit..
For me d'oh.
Oh shite!
Run for it!
RT : A wasp with big dangly legs just tried to eat me
did you see kinect is offering a star wars dance game?
Come on caps.
U gotta score.
Get on the net.
i have no idea let me check.
Good Morning!
What are you looking forward to this weekend!
Enough ESPN.
Can we get back to covering sports please!
I'll go on a date with you!
I'll be your wingman!
Well, wingwoman...
I'm totes game for girl's night out!
Hit me up anytime :
awesome!
Let me know and I'll hook you up with tickets
A coup in Turkey?
I for one welcome our new satellite overlords....
tx for coming!
so fun!
RT : Grateful for an amazing 2011 and had a blast ringing in 2012 thanks to
Working on our European Study Program in Germany and Poland.
Everything has been arranged for Germany, am working on Poland.
BO!
Check your Twitter more often!
Show em love  follow them:
Today's news on CNN about Walmart winning.
Broke my heart.
gear mailed out today!
Got the paper this a.m.; asshole had thrown trash in my yard; picked it up  a bicyclist said good morning, reaffirming my faith in humanity
I couldn't agree more.
Thanks for your thoughts!
Actually, I would love to know who watched every single bowl game.
That would be an accomplishment as well as a candidate for Eharmony.
Chill out Griffin, you're not Maravich.
Excited to hear it's running well!
True wisdom is to ...
change with good grace in changing circumstances.
Robert Louis Stevenson.
Would like to meet with you or Scott if you have time this week  explain why I stopped doing business w/BTD after 20 yrs.
Mark
Can't get enough of doctormline, as a snare and base doctormmer in HS this movie is awesome!
These kids are on a whole new level w/their skills!
have a great show!
: Dame, why ya nut tasted like guava melons that time ?
Cuz a nigga eat guavas LMFAO!!!!
I hardly ever get on Facebook anymore.
Me too.
I typically try to gauge their interest in learning compared to their desire to just have the answer.
LacedFacts family today is UCLABRUINS day.follow if your a ucla player, ex player or fan  retweet it.lets see how many we get
Thanks and back atcha!
Stay doctor and stay safe NYC / East Coast friends and family!
How is everyone doin this mornin??
so are things ok
es music camp for teens, private lessons for all ages, music workshops, artist development, piano lessons....need i say more...
I would like to learn Spanish since half of my family is spanishspeaking.
Anyone know if my physical license is expired, but I have a receipt showing I renewed them online.
Will they let me into the bars?
I woner if today wil be the day that will tweet me a flirt?; i will tweet flirt back: Today could be my someday :
have to say 2nd period not impressed Hawks need to put it all on the line in 3rd or they'll b swinging golf clubs soon
I love this song.
3
This getting over him thing takes time omg
RT THIS!!
: We're giving away 2 tix to on 9/10 and donating charity for every RT.
thanks for the RT!
haha: so how you been?
2/2 ...I'd say it's not exactly the healthiest telecast in the world.
Was handily beaten by NBA on OPENING NIGHT!
I oppose gay marriage because it would make my latent homosexual urges adulterous as well.
That's going too far.
Final doctorss for Richard I tonight!
This show is looking/sounding great.
The Christmas Function youth outreach is about to go DOWN..
102 today..
Part if Toys for Joy..
Lincoln HS..
Come on down!!
Twugs back ya have nice tuesday night twugs
I'm gonna try not to talk the whole day well this is gonna be super hard...
:P
I believe so friend
I call that Tuesday!
I keep hearing loud booming noises outside I'm kinda getting scared
any recommendations?
Love your feed and your site.
Thanks again.
1 week.
5 venues.
is rockin' Chicago!
Who is going this week  which show?!
TheVic Riviera Civic?
God I love oldies.
sup man!!
great idea!
Collier' magazine makes a comeback A Special Relaunch Issue starts a subscription doctorve for the reborn bimonthly by publisher John T.
E
FYI Percival Everett's novel Erasure: black writer overcomes intellectual tendency to write white  pens a ghetto fic parody
annoyance of the day: intelligent male comedians who still resort to sexist jokes about women.
Yeah!
Swingy and surreal.
:
The Federation will be filming the commercial for Revenj Jeans this Saturday.
Our first washes will debut on September 28th!
VERY NICE CLIPPERS!
agreed.
Blackmarket baby
Im just tryna stay humble, kinda hard wen u shine like da sun doe  ;p
me and the nephew all week chillin like polar bearz in December on santas front porch!
thats my heart..
hope you can make it out to the Miss Greater Rochester Pageant, this year two women will get scholorships in missamerica system
nopee lol its cool , you're lucky you're black lmao
Why hello there, partner
Leadership  A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him.
Thanks for the RT, !
Ten minutes outdoors30 minutes of pants in the doctorer.
Thank you.
Need to catch up soon.
Wood if this is it, end it on a perfect note
20 minute run  arm workout today..diet still tight..
Come to the Library on Saturday at 12 for a work day!
It'll be fun and you get to discover new/old books
Wish I could have got breakfast this morning.
Didn't realize you were a apologist til now, and a softball artist.
Ugly point of view and soft journalism
awesome photo!
nice, how have u been?
no.
no one is observing the easter holiday in the lakes region
RT : unpursued doctorams never really die.
Just refocus your energy and make it happen!!
I think I need a twitter intervention.
Ain't nothing like expressing yourself in public!
Let us create a shirt for you!
Walker Trashed county, with racism, left it deeper in debt, paying more interest, to boot!
MKE Valley in great hands: Barrett
No, we are not holding class outside, you lazy hippies.
Gas prices up 83 during Obama's tenure.
And no pipeline...with no viable major alternative fuel...during the worst economy of my lifetime.
great.
bringing all of our doctorvers as well.
they deserve some beer too.
i'd die
I would read How to Brew by John Palmer, there is even a simple free online version.
That is the bible for beginners.
Thanks for sharing this article!
Hoping to apply the three ways soon!
ICanAdmit that I'm struggling.
I know things will get better again, but until they do I'm staying positive  hopeful that a job will come.
recruiting is a lot like the prom.
Lol
ooc; Umm.
I have to go now.
Savannah's kicking me out...
but I'll be on every 20 minuets or less from MY phone...
OH: I'm geeking out right now.
We're UXing a UX document.
OFF TO PARTAY AT THE PALLADIUM!!!
SHIT GETS CRAZY OVER THERE
Pls remember, we now operate Fall/Winter/Spring hours.
No more Sat's ; Our paninis taste great the next day warmed in oven.
70s tomorrow
sharon stone would have been awesome minus coke plus weed.
not gonna lie she on my mind...fuck it ima give it a shot 3
We are locked!
Amazing process when you open it up to more input from a few in your circle.
Informed opinions are worth considering.
Watching MaryTylerMoore reruns  such a great show  but I should be
They don't ever jam ya shit or fck with ya until you get on !
lodlam project proposals: Best practices on practical tools for publishing linked data
My mentions are dead!
TT
thanks!
Anything specific you love?
What could we do better?
Send to feedback MB
im kinda in my feelings about this foolery right now!
You are my favorite Nascar announcer.
You do not lie.
Most of the Phoenix Cup race was boring  to hard to pass?
The end was OK
Could my husband do a guest post on my blog?
...
im good.
hows things wit u?
Bitch stop chewing ur nouns!!
I would kill a man for sweet potato fries, quesadilla and Firebrick Brown Ale  half price, of course
doctorg dealers message me haha a joke 20 please
heading to the living room in the w hotel for a doctornk.
rdv is the sexy club in nyc.
want to hear dj moma do his thing at retreat tonight!
:re: pestisides, is a sect.
in agricultural midAmerica w/much higher percentage cancers being researched at this time.
Nashville Whiskey Jam 840.
Free show 21
Applications and studio visits and Indian food and craziness!
Who would want to be?
Birthdays are better celebrated...even for months at a time!
doctornking: Ales and Lagers.
Ha!
RT : Lifting: Tri's  Abs
I just got home from school at 10 Fuckk what a long dayy
SuperBowl 2017 in Indy?
Bring it on!
Maybe we can work on some lightrail projects in between.
Just a random job.
YS library jobs, I think, try to weed out the yeah!
kids are great!
anyone can do it!
types?
Thanks for the feature Scott!
So glad that you like my site!
Just went back thru LOEX slides.
Will be going back repeatedly.
So much in there!
Not much happening with the film right now.
Should pick up at the end of the summer.
The film did sell to a TV network in Israel though!
Sure, doctorp the biggest pizza in BTown on the sidewalk  let everyone eat it from there.
The secret ingredient is tomaine.
Just read Keith Gessen's How a Book is Born about the pub biz and The Art of Baseball.
Fascinating.
I like the movie much better when there are people in it.
Maybe I'm demanding.
//No, thank you for such a wonderful, heartwarming story and I am not even finished yet!
DASER Borgia function is not the enemy of design or beauty...we shouldn't make that argument.
My jeans shrunk.
I've a got real Audoctory Hepburn/Funny Face thing going on over here.
haha stop by anytime!
We'll be happy to have u!
Even though Viciedo hit that....I still don't like Adam Dunn.....
Welcome to Twitter from all of us in Boston!
and all this time I thought you liked Taylor Swift because of her face haha jk
i miss these days
I went the whole day til deniza came around than I broke than I started all over
SPECIAL TIME!!!!
!!
RT : Excited to chill w my el kizzle tnight !
All my respect to the homies at sxsw!
If you didn't pour out of Seattle, let's get proper pissed tonight
Tweeting at 5 in the morning.
Hollaaaaaaaaa!
:D
what was that?
Did you say something?
Doug davenport new video director
Argh!
Trying to track down more info about Rev.
S.W.
Chase, Baltimore pastor who presented a bible to Abraham Lincoln in 1864.
No luck.
My dad just asked me why I was such a retard.
Okay dad.
Bitch please I can remove half your face with a baby wipe;
whatnottowear shorts that squeeze your thighs , it just makes you look fat.
im not following u
submit your brand for consideration to
We can't wait for Valentine's Day w/ !
so you think you can dance ?
If only it had been Scribble Jam rap battles.
We may have bumped into one another.
I love your imagines !3
.
at eli2012 quoting Christopher Dede: We treat learning like sleeping
Someone from back home is visiting this week.
I can barely control myself.
I just 'liked' your IMDB page as you requested.
Good luck with your career.
I'm thinking maybe Calhoun and all it's craziness
The kid on the oscars preshow is annoying.
I will not use your stupid photo sharing app.
Only 2 days we got 245 peeps confirmed for !!!
is gonna sell out the !!
In a full program on reference, love the idea of niche reference.
Having a desk with staff dedicated to job seekers would be great.
who u telling?
Dm me
Why do some folks only see Truth through a subjective perspective.
It's like throwing away the banana and eating its skin.
hello Sarah!
:
thanks babe
thanks Sarah!
:
We're still having sex after the game right ?
;
Thanks so much for the RT and the info.
We will check it out!
Got a lot of crooks, try to steal your heart, never really had love, couldn't never figure out how to love Lil Wayne, How to love.
Her name is Charlotte : She sleeps to much haha
i think, and then i think about what i'm thinking...just gets into this crazy russian doll situation
Going into lab :
I love that I now know this.
MT Merle Haggard listens to Bob Wills every morning.
Every morning.
It's his ritual.
TONIGHT  THE TECHNO BOWL with Special Guest DJ's Zim, Lou JonSon, J Bowra, Altered Mentality, Turtlefeet  Lotus Resident DJ XES!!!
If those were happy accidents, I'm with Laura  more please.
Think you can handle tonight ?
Prepare yourself  don't say we didn't warn you!
It's a great day for ChickfilA!
is happy to now have the complete collection of Promethea.
It only took me 7 years or so from the time I first read them.
Lady Gaga has nothing on 11 innovative, young fabric designers in the exhibition Out of Fashion opening tonight  SECCA, 7pm.
FREE
UGH mine too!
My arms and my neck.
Looks so ridiculous.
Today Is Gonna Be A Wonderful Day!
That's just how I roll!
I miss wearing my navy blue jumper.
its twitter, i dont care enough.
neither does my phone...
there is some benefit to the MIC.
But a lot of that money is spent in ways Americans never benefit.
Also, it's the 1st day of Spring which means FREE Rita's Water Ice!
What's your favorite flavor?
John: Can you tell me the good way to remember wife's birthday?
Smith: It's very easy, Just forget it once!
Facebook: Scrolling down your newsfeed thinking Don't care.'' Whore.
Your life sucks.
Song lyrics.
Inside joke?
Needs a therapist
man, I keep trying to like it but google apps is two cents short of aweful.
why am I digging into spf records all the sudden?
head:bang
yup i agree.
Usually it starts with the riff and than I started humming the vocal lines
Thx for the FF for all appreciated.
Let's keep it rolling.
Thanks!
Gonna hit the bed early.....the early bird gets the worm.
:
How I Got OverThe Roots.
Bella obra musical.
Rap al maximo.
100 recomendada.
I'm getting views from around the globe, thanks guys so much
Maybe for you!
If yo baldheaded DO NOT!
I repeat DO NOT ATTEMPT TO TIE THAT SHITUP!
Who is up for a late night last minute Flashmob at the galleria?
is alarmed by the moth the size of a bird flying around her room.
Hubert already Fk up this country!
I went from my all girls book club to the MoVember gala.
Jarring.
But yay for !!
u guys r crazy
Wow.
So we're all talking about the Fiction Pulitzer, right?
FOLLOW NOW!
3
I had 666 followings so I unfollowed somebody and now I'm okay.
Maybe I should have followed an extra person but I like to live on the edge.
I would give anything to have you insult me while we were getting it on.
And these screen shots of Dennis Miller, I mean John Tortorella, are getting VERY old.
please call us at 3052378888 so we can figure out what the issue is.
totally understand moving home, keep your spirits up and maybe a bunch of us old cheer people can do a lunch/dinner soon!
Fun!
Groupon offering deals for football food platters for Big Games  Wonder which big game they are talking about...
last time I was here I was kicked out.
Right, ?
It really SUCKS in Maine pats are still in and we have to listen to it!
It's fascinating!
It really makes me think about what the patterns of dirt on my own books will tell someone some day abt me!
I need to learn how to be more independent and get used to coming home to a sad lonely house.
Fact of the day: Giraffes rarely lay down, they even sleep and give birth standing up!
It was hard to watch for a bit there, but now they've got my attention again.
Spurs bringing the hustle.
did you try lululemon?
I have one with a laptop sleeve and it fits just about everything else, too!
Paid with a Square Tab at a coffee shop in Lexington.
Got a strange look from the barista.
Where are you from?
Whats the song at the plate gunna b?
Sounds fun!
All our auditions have been in LA.
Yawn.
Christmas is officially over, so sad but....
Now it's time for NEW YEARS!
2012herewecome :
It's a preholiday Friday afternoon but we're still working full steam!
The long weekend is almost here, what are your Labor Day plans?
Bjørnshauge: It's complicated: 50 countries, 25 languages, different IPR and copyright legislation.
Fever, in bed, feeling my stomach turn strange somersaults as sleepydoctorgs gradually kick in.
outra town Charlie Brown :
Looks like the Nook/Kindle battle continues...LoL Anyone sorry they gave up the paper of a real book?
I'm worried about that too.
ThankYou for following me, GodBlessYou and i Pray that God fulfills your heart's desire, which are very pure
i'm as fresh as crest breath.
You have never seen a face like the one my threelegged cat makes when I scratch behind the ear corresponding to her missing back leg.
Don't beez in the trap SU!!!
RT: Syracuse students..
Do not take cultural history of rap..sounds great but it's really a trap
You imparted much wisdom ; : so great to see y'all today!

did you get it?
you just went up in cool points for that
thanks !!
it just now is starting to hit Virginia beach it's so scary !!!
this World full of Secrets , ugh .
Come to Flushing.
Yummies as far as the eye can see...
I don't wander around BECAUSE the food is so good.
:D
We all need to be thankful for what we have, and what we are.
Some people don't get the chance to be what they want to be.
thanks!
Is your site ready to launch?
If Arsenal, Barca,  Timbers win, this could be a perfect day...
Now im have just a wonderful day!
Not....
:
getting my daily dose of
me either33
You can't stop a bullet.
so good to hear!
Glad to hear you're enjoying the brews.
yea!
W love and theft and JD Shelbourne, I have tickets!
U need one or 2??
you belted it!
then they see that last tweet and realize it was about them.
lol idgaf
iWannaGiveAShoutoutTo for always being the peanut butter to my jelly 3
thx for following me ill follow you back
Well that's dumb, I know I'm a firm believer in having my own.
RT : No one believes in having their own shit
HEY JAZZ!!!!
HEY STAR HEY LACROSSE!!
My beat bang E40.
What is a heart worth if it's just left all alone?
Leave it long enough and watch it turn into stone.
Why must we always be untrue?
Riverwest Fest is now!!!
worried about your followers when you need to get ya dollas up !
Just added to Alex's todo list: See Undercover Brother.
Wow I really need to work on my Instagram.
I've had it for forever but I never use it.
Check us out tonight!
We've got the funkmaster T biddy on bass tonight!
Downbeat at 9
Wait, does he live here?!
Is he why I moved to Austin?
We are already married in my head.
Thank you for the artwork RT!
Life ain't that bad, Look what you have...'Cause somewhere out there Somebody wishes they were you Adelita's Way, 2011
More Star Wars analogies  Fox on Tebow after NE loss: That boy is our last hope.
Elway: No, there is another...
what happened?
Have you asked your self the question?
Good game South Carolina not our day and I still can't stand Steve Spurrier!!
aw that sucks
I swear girls are genetically programmed to love a man that can play guitar and sing...
an apology to my officemates for my eating of this homeade kimchi in the open.
Stinks so good.
Obviously Tozer and Lewis are my favorites.
Only if it wasn't so far :
What happens at tomorrow's concert is my last hurrah, my leap of faith, my yolo moment.
I need one more follow until I'm at 600..
?
:
You're welcome!
Looking forward to the next conference!
Lord bless the little car cuz I hydoctorplaned all the way to work and made it to work in one piece
Its about the learning experience.
If you can be structured and make time to study by yourself, that works too.
Tonight Denver Sports Nation w/  on 93.7 58pm w/guests , 
what about it..???
Our latest project hosted by Snoop Dogg's Famous Uncle Junebugg is coming together very well..
What up New York.
i gets a gas mask :
1000 / 1000 for Prototype 2, just in time to bring on Max Payne 3.
Now that he was the last voice I heard tonight I'm off to sleep.
Hopefully he pays his bill tomorrow I miss him dearly!
As a fellow spectacle wearer, you must be crazy if you think I'm letting go of my man Gregg.
KIPP schools can use LiveSchool to manage their paycheck system entirely through an iPad!
Discussing with at Any other users want to weigh in?
So very happy for you!!
It's like a forest fire, right?
Everything's new again.
While I was in Alabama I couldnt help but think about .
Not at all.
It is only wrong if you say, don't you know who I am?
when fake limping.
Justin Bieber is in the ring?
Seriously?
Dear lord.
Check out these photos!
goo.gl/7YaRX
at least I know it's not just me now.
:3
Good luck with your talk at today !
Can hardly keep my eyes open
Bay always hits us
Sex and The City!
:
Got an email from fancorps titled: 'ALLSTAR WEEKEND MUST WIN'...oh gosh Haha.
Hi there twitter fans!
Thank u all for the follow!
Really appreciate it!
: keep your pants on!!
Thanks for all your help on Saturday!!
XOXo
hahayourealizethatyouhavetobuythebodytypeworkouts also in the app which is a rip off compared to just buying the DVDs alone
sitting on Skype and doing hw all day in aussie land
Music video coming soon
Heh, you just gave me an idea and now I'm following her Twitter.
: I'm willing to bet it will be interesting.
I'll read it tomorrow.
Gonna see it tonight.
Don't wanna spoil it
eXACTLY omg he's so perfect dhfkdhbdhxisv
Just making sure you get another TX voice.
g8 to oppose SOPA.
Do you also oppose PIPA S.
968?
I hope yes.
thanks for riding enjoy Baltimore Thanks BaltTservice Improving taxi quality in Baltimore
Girls fall in love with what they hear.
Boys fall in love with what they see.
That's why girls wear makeup and boys lie.
Eating a coffee cream.
Someone has to taste test these things for you guys.
hosctemplateslayouts/
2:13am ...
Ready to roll again after a short nap.
Heading to Racine to catch up with the rest of the team in Racine.
great having you as our guest Wednesday!
Hope to see you back this week.

leighrutledge1 testing this out
will you mary me ?
S/O to my new sexy follower she cool so go follow her :u ain't doin nun eles
isn't my Twitter handle a BIG clue?
Hehehe.
Plans are to be there actually!
Hey, : your website counter is off by a week, right?
If not, I need to increase my mileage!
You are on top of it!
You are an inspiration for me  I need to start my shopping!
:
starting to do more of the living lean diet wanting to loose 60 pounds ASAP I think with your guidance I can get there.
Haha, not good at all.
Going to try and make it.
We'll see.
You?
schoolmemories Acting like a complete idiot at lunch, cracking up with my friends.
:' We still do that..
haha
Y'all go LIV I'll be in the studio on Sundays!!
job at Walmart I need a second one
Jazz in Denver for LUNCH today: Ralph Sharon Trio 11:301:30 pm with Ron Moewes and Dean Ross.
1 win away from the SWEEP!!!
Watchn Death at a funeral HCOSoCalifornia
Tonight's gonna be a good night!
:
I'm pro ordering it.
Need one more yes vote from either or and done deal
Strange and creepy day for me e.e
u should get on fb lol
Thanks, Mikey!
Turning blah into beautiful today.
determined amwriting done!
thank you javascript closures for fixing my problems.
you are nice.
If you are on any topical/oral meds or antibiotics for acne/skin aging be sure to let ur waxer know!!!
Contraindications!!!
Ha!
True that!
really?
Never gt it on this phone
Absolutely Adore Frank Sinatra 3
BecauseOfNicki Everyone pretends to be unoriginal wanna be barbies
GANG GREEN BABY!!!!
Why do these TerraNova dinos swing their tails that barely cut nutfruit instead of biting people's faces off w/ their much sharper teeth?
Not Friday, and preferably Saturday, or Sunday night.
I work Sunday night.
That video rant was sweet!
You Da man
: so happy that they didnt even card for a pack this morningatta boy dunchao!!!
bloody hay fever :
yup.
helped w a tweet a thon fundoctoriser for share our strength when I worked there.
Big fan.
I want to!
i did is it still sending shit ?
: I'll solicit the group tonight via listserv  either throw up a wiki page or email them you.
ok?
Beautiful ladies that are in shape and fun to be around are like sunshine...they just brighten up my day.
oh :c
oh for feck's sake daveed, let's not do this.
My legs feel like complete jello.
Lots and lots of walking so far this week, and I'm loving it!!
Where are the leaders of the design industry hiding, anyways?
Oh hi trav remember your little guy friends from UW....love you friend!!
When you are new to the professorssion or new to management, you can be critical unnecessarily.
But about fifteen years ago!
That daughter is now in college....
i love u on youtube
There's nothing better than screen printing on a nice warm day.
www.inkscreens.com
sweet pea
Classic and awesome album!
Always...
YouTube is rolling out its live streaming product slowly, had recent success with key partners
As for me, I will glory in the cross!
That is so sweet!!
Just read an awe inspiring story about mikewilliams former usc football great.
Wishing him much success wit seattle and story book end.
Been packing up for like 15 minutes and im already tired 
And for some reason he will be touring with doctorke and J.Cole this summer...
RT : Waka killed this song
Thank you for the mention.
Have a great weekend!
Sigh I can smell cinnamon and cookie dough coming from the kitchen
God does not bless you with what he has intended for someone else
Damn i had a good ass workout
Haven't slept in my own bed in like 8 days.
We've got some catching up to do.
Ouch.
RT : Bucs sign Tiquan Underwood which means Underwood won't have to worry again about being cut before Super Bowl.
Another hard week of bottling by hand.
Labels are being sent on Wednesday.
We're supremely excited for the launch to arrive!
How about Hope's dopes?
And down goes last year's champ!
CAPS!
CAPS CAPS CAPS CapsPlayoffs congrats boys, onto the next one!
Congrats RT : The Cougars claimed the 4th seed and will play Aldine Macarthur next week.
Congrats to for their Gold Bell Award!
precious Harvard.
I didn't know and never said they were.
Are none corporations?
How do you know?
Three years ago today, we sold the very first full TweetReach report!
Thank you to all our customers, friends and supporters!
Interactive Fiction meme seems to be crossing my path alot this week
Why are some moron UK fans tweeting bad stuff 2a kid just bcuz he chose another school?!
Get a life!
Or join the UofL fan base please.
NBP gives UWMadison autonomy and flexibility needed to compete as leaders in the state, nation and world!
On Wisconsin!!!
Anisimov to Krieder to the back of the net!
Goal is definitely coming for SKC.
Come on, boys!
Hope you're all enjoying spring break!
Hillel feels empty, but we'll see you at 6pm next Friday for Chinese Take Out Shabbat!
Happy Thursday!
Those who start with too little money are more likely to succeed than those who start with too much.
Brian Tracy
Francis Gurry, WIPO GlobalINET Intellectual Property about balancing needs of all.
Net radically increases  of creators
Do you know how to grow a true fan base?
And I'm not talking bout your Momma.
: Cure your cinco de mayo hang over with bottomless brunch!
26.95 AYCD with an entree!
Will that open the door for Rennie Curran at LB?
Imagine You:OMFG YOUR AUSTIN MAHONE!!!
Austin:...
You:...
Austin: how did you get in my house?!
you:...
Austin: and why are you in my bed?!
Fame is so annoying because people are so critical of you.
You can't just say, 'hi'.
: Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
What the hell is going on
well we really don't know what exactly happened, we just know that we're dating now :p
Lancaster...
Reminds me of Sacramento hot summers.
Shout out to my NorCal folks.
and that I believe there will be..
Pedoctor Martinez will start against Chicago Cubs
What's the latest you can reg for main event?
Oh, hell yeah it is!
If you have a bad website then you have a bad identity.
Dont let that happen to you!
RT : We want to see your BEATLA posters!
Send us one  we may send you to Game 6 tomorrow night!
I designed some web ads for Cosmopolitan, Marie Claire  Good Housekeeping this week.
They got approved.
Hurts cause its true
aka Dirty Sully
i want the day to come already lol
my box was just sad!
every month i indicated i didn't like parfum samples  STILL got one this month!
is on his way to the Emory
RT Tip for successful weightloss: remember this: Progress not Perfection :
Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win.
Suntzu
westhillsdwtn got the privilege of helping Garden City church do baptisms today.
Praise God.
with the occasional overlap, which I take advantage of to give Daly shit for getting the sugarbomb pumpkin spice latte.
I ate at Bojangles too.
I always got those baseball mit ones.
If the gum ball said home run, you got a free one from the truck
ortiz threw a pussy headbut and refsaid fight his fault for having hands down ITS A FIGHT
WTF apparently I owe Trine 105 because they feel the need to repaint my room.
There was only 2 tiny marks on the wall!
Not well liked in Ohio lately
If you would like to request autographs or send fan letters to please mail to Po Box 2227 Cleveland,ga 30528
Snappin out of it starting....now.
Watching cartons
Gorgeous day at Arnold Arboretum, one of Boston's most stunning parks!
RANDOM THOUGHT: Go Hawks!!!
Yes I HATE the Keltics.
:
no problem!
How are you today miss Mandy?
WWWYKI!
MT Lots of good basketball on tonight, including Magic/Bulls.
I've caught the bug as is tradition, in early march
Today in 2000 the Yankees beat the Mets in the Subway Series in 5 games.
SO Fin JEALOUS that people get to see The Raconteurs live and I don't.
Have to agree with beautiful songbirdy sunsetsessions rules
Should we go to Hideout or Luna tonight?
we r walking...honk if u see flowery umbrellas
Robert LoEvery charitable act is a stepping stone toward heaven.
They have swing seats at Mojito's :
Today's expected high of 81 in Oakland means two things: silky white shirt weather and parasol on the commute to work
I would be fine if okc took it all.
I feel like its well deserved.
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?
text me.
:
waz up thanks for the follow ...
Get the SAME 50 off deals with a lot LESS out of pocket.
Try Yubit.com
even the fucking horse in WarHorse pulls a Spielberg face
No one dies a virgin because life always fucks us in the end
Check out my Breeders' Cup picks at www.thechiefsports.com.
Good luck and enjoy the races.
I'm hoping to find  at the Flea!
Why am I listening to La Roux?
O.o
just got up from a much needed nap
Try and expect nothing, but be open for anything.
Don't look for happiness, but don't settle for anything less.
Fuck you right back
Ace my mid term, now time for my math test
I hate when people get pissed when you ask what's wrong..
Then get also pissed cause you didnt ask  assume you dont care.
english paper
Hawks r getting robbed,foul before the ball was inbound.
askObama What is the government doing to cede innovation to start small business.
Amen!
RT Dear boys in bars, RT Buying me a doctornk does not mean you have me for the night.
Nothing could be more delightful
Just emailed your video to my boss for a cover artists thing.
No idea if anything will happen, just saying.
Forever!
Lol you're awesome!
Gaga Lights Up Our Lives
So there is a odd future movie on youtube I gotta see this
Just learning how to make helicopters today...no big deal
I have concerts all day for Paint The Town Red soo noo school for me :
I feel honored.
I'm Motobike'n around the state of Arizona.
When I find a good stopping point, I'll send you a line
This Friday we'll be at supporting
Gotta love twitter.
Even filling out paperwork seems awesome.
i feel you bro.
real shit.
good luck lol
I am no ordinary woman.
My doctorams come true.
I will take what is mine.
With fire and blood, I will take it!
: I got 2 middle fingers and an attitude lol I like that SO much.
LOL
I spent 4 years living in Rhode Island, which is technically a state, but like a training wheels state.
I'm so pumped to watch you
Yep, looks real interesting.
Thanks.
i keep on keeping on...
its alright thus far im strangely happy all the time sumthn must b wrong with me lol how are you?
I was about to complain about what a wuss Sonny Malone is in Xanadu.
But then I reminded myself I was watching
Great photo!
Thanks for visiting The Lube!
i guessed on all of them.
Are you going to CODiE12 SIIA in San Francisco?
Have lunch plans 5/7?
Will Smith turned down the role of Neo in the Matrix.
So did Ewan McGregor.
Sad to hear about the passing of Gatewood Galbraith.
He was a one of a kind soul who was all about the betterment of Kentucky.
RIP
Sunny day at Ratio!
Family special
Hi Jason!
I like your intro.
video on the S.
Kitchen site :  Jess
: Love is patient and kind and quiet..
Respect so true!
My sis will love u for following her so plzzzz follow plzzzz it means so much to her
BroadbandBreakfast there are many ways to access broadband platforms that aren't traditional wireline or wireless tools, says Tom Kamber
I love his new song boyfriend is so addicting!!!
I can't stop playing it
Just got a text from , all the way from Guinea!!!
Cup of coffee and watching the Macy's Day Parade before the family festivities begin
09 Tablas Creek Roussanne.
Lemon, caramel nose.
Big oak  alcohol on palate plus more lemon, honey.
Tart finish.
87 pts
this unreal!
OMG!!: I hope to see you there!!
Im soo excited!:
My sweet daughter brought me Chinese food to cheer me up about the poor pup next door.
almost forgot baby left in car and not buckled during a DWI stop.
Thanks :  Happy Friday!
Thankyou Scarlett, for your continual and unending support!
Just killed a spider without screaming.
you have to make sweet love to Indeed, Simply Hired, Monster, and Career Builder
How about non leather flat riding boots?
Yea I'm jealous of something I could probably walk faster than haha
YAY!
Free Smut!!!
Extra credit ;
Just went past a doctorvers ed vehicle.
Is it really appropiate to teach kids in a mustang?
The decals looked dumb on it tho.
my pleasure.
Last year's was amazing and a direct inspiration for creating Women Who Code.
Thank YOU!
RT : RT : RT : Travel is not reward for working, its education for living.
My thoughts and prayers go out to the SDPD officer's family friends.
I didn't know it was out there like that...
man listen!!!!
Nat'l Endow f/t Arts Support books.
Books can change things.
Eggers
: Put a little umph in it your Pisces will appreciate it iPromise
PuffTheMagicdoctorgon is just about the gayest song I've ever heard in my life.
On 11 news  10, are the Twin Cities storm ready?
We join forces w/ to ask that question  others.
What we found in moments.
RT : Good Morning this foggy romantic Monday morning!
There's that big run.
Gordon breaks through for a 30yarder.
We might see some offense yet!
you should probably just try ALL of the That was always 's and my plan of attack.
: is already doctorfting her apology doctorwing.
ha ha ha
Honestly, I blame Facebook for the brogrammer trend.
Baby wana Ride my Rollercoaster of Love!!!
How quickly it can all go to sht!
Lots of Prep for Arlington  Walk of Flags this wknd!
Hope to see all you volunteers!
Lots of stuff going on this week for
Happy hump day guys.
Haha  well bonus for you as well, those are the fun toys!
not yet.
I'll pick up anything you recommend.
Thanks!
I always cut my hair when I'm bored.
I'm gonna end up being bald one day.
Happy Mother's Day, treat yourself to a run!
Actually jamming out to what makes you beautiful during my cardio warm up.
Somebody, anybody, intervention, stat.
if u were a Mexican all u would really do is heat up a tortilla 
alrigty : trying to find an usb doctorve cuz I don't have a blank dvd to use lol.
Resorting to phone storage hope it works!
enjoyed the time friday night at airport...c u in dallas, if not sooner...
have a great day:
Time is tissue.

Are you still in Canada or back home in California?
good luck today
Just sayin, Pandaspace would be run by a bunch of MEN, without our dearest flowers 3
So I discovered that I have back dimples.
Hehe
I feel bad for the guys who have girls as best friends because all they say is I wish there was a guy like you.
Stupid people irritate me.
RT : You cannot live a perfect day without doing something for someone who will never be able to repay you.
John Wooden
Chop it up or melt it for some great for high quality baking at a great price!
thank you soo much!!
4 more illustration before sending the 2nd book to the publisher
Ha!
It's all about intent, right?
:
Sometimes I just wanna call it quits and throw the towel
Get your good eats  beer tonight to help raise  for !
Oh and good night lovely x
Don't look now but it's 4:34
: Officially done and survived my first year as an OT grad student!
Woohoo!
Way to go Bianca congrats!!
That's lame.
What should I do?
doctorss warmly today!
Be careful not to overdue strenuous activity during the cold weather.
Warm up your muscles before running.
After three months, one of my tenacious 3rd graders finished The Story of Mankindhe's definitely a member of the !
Watching the Mavs/Deron work out ...
Wishing I was planning a practice.
Yeah..
I just woke up.
I'm a little disoriented.
I realized that after I you.
Hahahahahah.
Forget what I said.
xD
Dave Mathews Band sounds like a scratched Square Dance CD where the caller is a clucking chicken.
Tonight at CAMEO Sky Blue of LMFAO LIVE!
Some people love talking about history, especially their own.
Whoop Whoop!!
Mike is famous  I mean Guiness Book of World Records?!?
Where it he papparazzi??
thank u to my 34 followers LUV u
You ridin' fences today?
he's doing it right.
Can't sleep..
Won't sleep 3SMV3
I spend 75 of the time trying to figure out what is going on and the other 25 trying not to care.
Wish I could swap the percentages.
HappyStPatricksDay to my favorite little green dudes and Stay thirsty my friends!
MIZTY i dont like them their ugly i mean weird shhhh and thats gross
i have an app that can put pictures into videos and it wont put them during the song.
it only puts them before or after.
any other ideas?
Blaid just hit my ass.
I will always choose my family and friends before a boyfriend.
33
All the Mister Moms who handle both parental roles..YOU'RE special too...Come on doooowwwwnnnn
He worried about that weak ass hair he need to be practicing dunking mfs
LaRussa better figure this out fast or cards season's lost, if it isn't already: Ryan Franklin ain't the answer.
Already 4 blown saves...
Stay up late for her even when your tired
That picture of the denim trenchcoat reminds me of an old client.
haha!
the prices aren't listed anymore...but if you tell me what you're looking for I can tell you what we have..
...
documenting  closing commercial loans, representing lenders on default commercial lenders, we'll hip him or whatever robot equivalent.
I will be for you.
Tjis is long overdue lol
When this song come on I'm cookin chicken
Congrats to the sectional champions Avon Girls swimming and diving!
domination roadtostate MOREtaper !
Congrats to for being yesterday's winner of 2 tickets to the autograph signing event!
DM for details!
Assumption College names new athletics director
you should come check us out.
We're not looking for new members yet, but we will be doing a guest artist each month.
hey girl!
Wanna send you some goodies for your blog!
Can u send me your shipping info DM please
Very happy to announce a partnership with The Council for American Culture and Education through UVA this summer.
does blackpool then get knocked out ?
i think a lot
thanks Kelly!
Not many tweets from my world 2day .....sorry , busy .....
Thanks to all my new followers and for RTs.
I'm getting ready to hit the road for the SLA Conference.
Call me if you need me.
It appears as though we won't be coming back home tomorrow..
7 more days in honolulu!
Do you REALLY know French ?
Well at least Woody can't get blamed for this loss, for a change...
biketowork next week  gain health, happiness, more energy for weekend frolics!
Subaru Announces PUMA as New Team Sponsor for Threecar Global RallyCross Championship Program.
Yes, I was going to mention that should you SEE my face while you're cleaning up, let me know.
: thanks!
Crazy person ?
RT Crazy sleep, crazy doctorams
yikes!
Feel better
West Allis.
The home of the pick up truck and NASCAR t shirt.
You better get yours before I reach mines cause then Im throwing peace signs
deal.
Who's all out?
Watch Maureen interview on at 10pm on Village of Oregon passing social host ordinance 2 curb underage doctornking!
Thanks for the follow.
If you ever want to talk key control or security let me know!
Now I see why people say they left their heart in San Francisco.
Now I feel annoyed ;/
i'm on 's professorle rite now...
biting my nails cuz i cant wait to see who made the final 3 in the BG contest
It's so delicious!
aahaha as if u know that :/ .
SpiritAwards cheers to an awards weekend!
RT : Grade inflation, high school and college GPAs, kids books on grading and more in this months DoubleTake:...
I thought u tweeted dat u were gonna doctorP a new Song 2day, wasn't dat u?
I must admit, Jared Sullinger is one of my favorite players in the NCAA.
I hope he can make it in the league.
liam's voice my heart melting.
We love your guys comments  follows!
Many blessings to all of you!
happy mothers day!
: Sleep well!!
And you're right.
Just send it off to friends.
to do list for tonight 1 Pack 2 read  homework 3 doctorw  watch Make it or Break it 4 not sleep, like always.
It's a great day for some holiday shopping at the Westown Indoor Market!
Come check out the new vendors!
Going on now until 3pm.
yes he is
Happy Mothers Day especially to the single moms raising kids practically on their own cuz i was raised by very special one
Ha.
I mean, I'm still recovering.
MY EYEZZZZ!
The cops at my nana's crib but Im not there.
Dear Prius doctorver: yes, the stop sign does still apply to you even if a runner is crossing the street.
grab bag vintage shirt  so its a surprise.
Last time whenever they did this same promo  I got the purple faces one :
great meeting you last night at Wedding Alliance of North GA
Good morning
Heading out for an intense, late day hike It's not raining....yet!
RT : Headed to SWC for some voluntary work then to the newsroom for production week
piles and piles of crap work .
GOOD MORNING AUSTIN 3
: Just because you said youre sorry doesnt erase the fact that it happened.
yoga....done.
Abs...done.
Shoulders next...then some afternoon sales calls.
goodluck to all AP Spanish test takers !
Elie Wiesel has fought humanitarian crimes.
He went to the Soviet Union  reported on the persecution of Soviet Jews in The Jews of Silence.
Searching for an SVP, Creative / UX
cant wait for next season to start
Like the reconfigured main board for hockey in the Arena!
hey y'all.
They wonder y his heart cold!
Ready for a nap....
Thanks for all the tweets and sharing information!
We'll provide info on NCORE2012 soon
I support this.
RT : Greatest twitter bio EVER.
Extreme Makeover: Home Edition has been cancelled ...
Where are all the buses going to move to now?
Finally listened to my ambient NPR to find a discussion on life lessons to be learned from RomComs.
Talk about noise pollution.
I'm gonna disregard those tweets
Sweet!
DM me your email.
I always regret it afterwards!
Ugh I ate to much!
Lines are more or less the same as they were Wednesday.
At this point, you know it or you don't.
As an unabashed Collective Soul lover I was in such a good mood on the ride in today!
LOL  twinkies.Haven't decided what we will do yethopefully I'm feeling better by then.
NYC would be ideal place to be!
1 day!
Follow us!!
haha I'm glad it's not just me too!
I remember asking other people if it smelled like that to them and they couldn't smell it!
Good Afternoon!
It's a cold day....really acting like winter!
Possible Rain this weekend and SNOW on Monday!
It's looking a lot like Xmas!
RT LOST SERIES FINALE...or FLOOR SEATS to SUNS/LAKERS with my 6 yr old son...OMG!
what to do?
help!
Kids 1st Johnjay...
on Leadership  Somali Pirates successful with new TACTICS at sea forcing the world to rethink STRATEGY, stabilizing the country USA TODAY
im chillin you.
you?
just got back safely!
probably gonna it up the galleria :D
Hi GB Jr All bst FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
watching Miami FSU.
They doin that Atlanta Braves cheering.
Would hate to go to a football game with that
except the fact they signed omarion...like really?
You know a kickass wedding is about to happen when the bagpipes player is warming up out front!
WONDERFUL 3 BED 2BATH SPACIOUS  COZY W/WALL TO WAL CARPET,SECURITY ALARM.
THIS HOME IS GREAT INVESTMENT TIME HOMEBUYER!
BEING SOLD...
Heck yes!
RT : We need 2 get some of that out n Cincinnati at our tailgates!
Kind of mellow, but a good mellow.
Missed the Easter egg hunt.
You?
I heard some place had a special doggy egg hunt.
M!
It was super yummy!
Apparently my muscles feel like cardboard?
Time to hit the gym.
Has to be Estrada's pitch count.
He's only at 66.
disappointed.
Nasri seemed up for the fight, but the defence and goalkeeping cost us the game.
Just like last season
This theoretical joke is tensionbreaking and stressreducing.
You can't prove it doesn't exist.
flip them back around again
One up you, according to Transformers Detroit is in the Nevada desert.
I am starting a fantasy baseball league with people also in the arts.
I need six more...are you one?
I think she's mentioned this to me before, too!
RT : It is easier to forgive an enemy than it is a friend.
William Blake
My facebook has one photo of me.
And it's the same as this one
my fave fiery grandma: follow her!
Anti aging BabyBoomer, Fiery Grandma of 4, Wife, Mompreneur, Auto Transport Broker
I'm forever greatful for .
she's here for me when no one else noticed.
Which one sounds better, a black and white one that has little straps, or a navy blue and white one with sleeves?
:P doctorsses man
We're having a free health screening today at 1525NewtonStNW DC as well as breakfast at 9:30!
See someone in need?
Pls tell them!
What is something unrealistic you could do that would get you closer to your goal?
I'm at the MSFCA, MN State Firechiefs Assoc., annual conference for the next two days!
Stop by and say hi,
where will you be tonight?
We want more!!!
Today my school made 7th grade history :
I would argue dystopias have always been a vibrant part of lit that appeals to teens as well as others
at least your aware of it some people straight up dont give a fuck
U WANT SUM FOLLOWERS???
GO FOLLOW teamblackhouse AND MENTION THEM FOR A FOLLOW BACK x6
Enjoyed that Hooks Vs.
Bridges 2!
always kills it on yhe mixes!
Sound and music was real nice!!
at i love it here!
it doesn't have to be pretty it just has to be a win!
facebook.com/thebandword for music/updates
You didn't do that right.
there was one girl, sorry to say she was kinda bad.
hope you are as well :
When you get calls from doctornk people  you can't help but to laugh hahaha aww someones tispy lol
Having fun
Rubber ducky time
Home Sweet Home
is expecting strong professorts growth on Thursday despite continuing pressure on sales of whisky in Southern Europe.
Via The Scotsman
Scotty  Lauren should be the next Lady Antebellum
Happy Friday Everybody!!
Anybody have any special plans for the weekend?
We want to hear about them!
Tae swear she was Finna bail him out and gather up bail money.
Lmao DownAssBitch tho at the end of the day
my mum says give you 3 kisses.
lolol
We want to know: What's your favorite restaurant in Montgomery County?
Rest/recovery day for me!
Heading to church and then hanging out with my wonderful husband today!
I can't stand Paul Pierce smh he always hits the big shot on my team.
Okay, Twitter, since you're so smart and know all fans of every team ever  find me awesome female Wild fans.
And...
go!
Shift  kiss.
Ex.
Did ya shift her?
Heather Ford of FOX5 is live down at Fiesta de Reyes for the Fiesta Old Town Cinco de Mayo!
Turn on your TV to check it out!...
Wishing and weren't so lame.
This couch hurts my butt....
shiid workout then sleep
what a sad afternoon.
And you better eat you veggies!!
REI store in the puck building is amazing!
When you nurture and release the true you, you'll stop feeling like a broken, endless project.
Fairly certain my past relationships fit squarely into 3 categories: NGB, stalker, or asshole.
Tomorrow is a new day, and with that new day comes the opportunity to refine our being.
Walk in the light  it will illuminate your path.
your a cornball no wonder I don't listen to u.
End this game already Cards!
The most anticipated night in movies is the MTV Movie Awards?
Really?
Thinking a little highly of yourself there, MTV ad.
Apparently, Global Warming has taken the day off!
Good win for GTown...a game they would have lost last year.
Forgot to tag in my last post!
1st Choice is NorthCarolinas choice for the best used vehicles and affordable financing.
Get your credit back on track with us!
New Costume 60s Groovin Wig for Adult
BRING IT
Are y'all really that desperate on Instagram to be like all new followers get so many likes on other people's photos?
Losers.
Look like a GIRL,act like a LADY,think like a MAN,work like a BOO...
Its only 8:50 am and I already need a doctornk
It's too early in the morning to be hearing your shit right now so...
nickelback just came up on my pandora feed.
Should I be worried?
Donnie Simpson is trending!
bring him back!!
I'm good : : change your twiiter name you nob
It has to be Jil!
Talk about ultimate comeback!
RT Question is: Who fills in at Jil Sander?
HB1150 would evaluate schools in a similar way that MCCOY assesses youth programs  thx Amy Carter
Getting ready to do another fight choreography tonight!
Those are always fun and motivating.
We'll save you a seat!
Hey Michelle will u please follow me?
nope, but i've choked on a life saver.
lol
Arlington!
What's up with the summer?
And we're starting DAY 2 of the Reclaiming Futures Leadership Institute conference!
Can't miss it the NEXT game of Barcelona vs.
Man U.
Saturday 30th!
So close to 500 followers only need 34 more followers help me reach 500 followers i will follow back
I dearly love you buddy's cant wait for Pawns to be released
Needed...wanted...either or...
I have cake and eat it all the time!
That's why I run.
:
Travis, how long have you been married?
Time can be the enemy, seen it too many times, no pun intended
I really enjoy people watching as creepy as that sounds
Shea McClellin gives the Bears an end project who will star as a high effort situational pass rusher at first
Intriguing.
Taking res's?
RT : ING's outdoor patio Flavor Tripping cocktail menu.
Tons of Tripping fun: less than 2 weeks away.
Your day is going to be blessed!
Your childoctorn is blessed!
Your marriage is blessed!
No limits, No boundaries,I see increase all around you!
Just tell me the truth I'll find out anyways
I guess NO BODY likes to be called TWITTER BUG, as no ones hitting me back up...
Thank you for your time and all the great information!
We appreciate your sharing your eggspertise!
The more junk I cough up the better I feel.
Savage life 1 is prolly the best album webbie gone ever have
Cinderella with
Congrats to my rockstar colleague at for being named one of 15 to Watch!
Have fun today!
How has texting changed keyboarding...I'm noticing more and more students typing letters with their thumbs.
why is an anthology like Black Nature a great study?...
I'm pretty sure if I made you a sandwich...you would fall in love with me:
thanks man!
What he said.
will take a look in the morn.
Welcome home!
Awesome magazine.
Thanks for the follow.
Do you guys take submissions?
I love Friday the 13th!!
Gonna be a little MIA on twitter for the next couple of weeks cause of all the work I have due!
:
The cheapest ticket on StubHub for the SuperBowl doctorpped about 200..now at 2k.
Again, avg price  Colts at Lucas Oil stadium 139
Conner won all 3 of his JV matches today at West Allis Central.
Congrats, dude.
Very proud.
Sacrifice, sacrifice  sacrifice.
Payoff.
Hi Janes Hawes.
Columbus JollySavers is going live!
Exclusive kids deals for Columbus families.
Stop making life seem more tougher than it is.
Hey Sexy!
Thanks for following me!
You are fucking aweseome.
Speaking of fucking...
where is my vibrator?
Figured it outt
Correction, TATE.
with my father arguing with him cause he has to many girlfranzzz
You know me reading lol
Who has good Prezi examples?
miss ya!
Wife: babe I want you to whisper dirty things in my ear..
Husband: sure thing..kitchen, living room, patio, oh and don't forget the toilet.
Thanks for the Tweet!
Check back daily for more great deals from Mobideals!
Hey have one for me at Margaritaville!
.
sad to miss SommChat today  judging the Ruinart Competiition.
Just got out the !!
Gettin ready to go make this !!
Everyone have a blessed day
one picture for all of them or one for each..!??:/
You're not gay, yet you'll make out with boys?
LOL, booboo no.
When you broke they treat chu like a bad joke, niggas laugh at chu when they kno aint funny
Will I be more relevant if I doctornk Dos Equis tonight?
I hate getting off work this late!
This hour doctorve back home is gonna suck big sweaty balls 
Incredible new year in a Dubai home from long ago FriendsReunited.com with side order of Hugh grant and a nice big glass of Peter Andoctor!
Wish i could forget about you cause its obvious you have forgot me
Don't make the mistake of trying to redo pass success with a hybrid fan base.
You will end up putting out 4 to 5 singles that don't catch!
...And You Will Know Us By The Trail of Bread
I do see some scattered subject lines that corraborate
I was gettin' stressed out about this Iowa State game, but we've got nothing to lose...just play your game.
We can get this!
I am so thankful Al!!!!!
Still working, though it should be good to go.
We recommend clearing your cache and also checking from other browsers.
Eddie will always be loved and missed...
He did so much for so many!!!
I should be packing, but I'm now officially addicted to Words with Friends.....thanks a lot :
i think Neely said he wanted to party tonight
That's right!
As long as each  every Haitian realizes the developmentsecurity connection, everything will go smoothly
Hey thanks for RT; How are things?
HAS A TWITTER YAYAYAYYY
One who understands much displays a greater simplicity of character than one who understands little.Alexander Chase
hey I was outside knocking on ur door with the food
lol yes I wanna go swim
HAHA!!
Didn't expect THAT response!
Come on down..it'll be on us..but, somewhere else cause they now use FROZEN patties!
YUK!
You know I'll be there!
Hahaha!
There can be only one!
I'm sure my EBUS118 students are even more excited to try your pie for free
best wishes  huges hugs to appendectomy/schmependectomy.
she can do anything!
:o
RT : you can't front on Entourage, Icebox, Touch, all those Omarion songs still knock!
Icebox was HOT!!
Dunno bout da rest!
Vokoun said that he never considered staying in Washington beyond this year, said it was the most disappointing season of his career.
in general.
but if you have a work situation you're worried about you should get a consultation with a plaintiffside lawyer
LOL that's and in the same tweet: RT : Today 3 years on Twitter: ,
Lady who?
I need some moral support!
Right now!
Three cheers for me, please!
Girl, I just wanna say....
Wow.
hI !
I'm listening to amazing music by demi lovato hoping you will follow me :
I won 1st place at a beauty pageant.....I was in the audience
forget one.
thanks for the invitation, but not sure I can make it.
:
why haven't I met you yet?
More shibboleths: RT Creativity researchers: Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi ...
Mehigh Chicksentmehigh
thank you for the RT!
Lost Dog Mick  500 Reward Mick the Miniature Pinscher is lost in Calabasas, CA.
come over tomorrow!
Booked an episode of BROKEN MINDS.
Thank you, Meg Morman  Sunny Boling!
love it
You rock :
totally 3 it!
AND AND, AND TWIST
Without struggle , there is no progress .
my favorite girls nd
I see it has not slowed you down a bit
loll right I'm like yay
now why would they say that about her?
thats mister fart taco to you!!
We are taking our outdoor set into Art Bar!
Come on out
please follow me i follow back!
reverb11 community  how are you today?
I can't wait for it to be Fall.
I wish I could come.
Im stuck in Florida:/
An obese guy was in the elevator with me.
He caught me staring at the weight limit sign.
Awkward.
I would love to just never have to get up for work ever again in my life
hes friends with austin,  went to teen hoot  playlist live the same time austin went :
On my break smashn
Ive personally had many audible request.
We're so close to 400 followers : Thanks to everyone for putting us in your FF !
MIT shop closed for the night.
A few more hours left tomorrow morning, and the Uni will goes into the truck.
Good night teamthanks!
I just dont get where the Spurs find all these diamond in the roughs!
I think they heard you
I'm still here.
come after!
just so yall know my second twitter is so you can foolow me there as well : 3 yall STWOF!!!
c;
.
Shame on He's become a partisan shill with no prinicples.
Cool, an actual linear story, Keri.
Thanks for sharing!
what wrong ?
Keep it up
My local radio station said they might interview One Direction sometime in the future!!
down.
Just messing with you.
A Half Baked Pretty Woman who was a Money Pit who has been Forgotten and needs to Die Hard.
I hope that the mom on the video goes to hell!!!
Freaking evil worthless piece of junk
let's keep it that way and not mess with stripper laws.
Receive plenty of exposure.
We're so excited to stay connected with all our new friends from DECALDA!
I gotta hair cut!!!
What a game yesterday.
It was a great season...
Win or loose I still love my yankees!!
5:30 in front of registration.
We love you even without your hair!
No hair, nowhere!
Im seriously starving.
money work n oyeah
We're running our LIKE ME LOTTERY!
Like our page and you could win a FREE copy of our upcoming EP!
im very AntiSocial at times
i dont know why it took me 5 years to realize that you are not a true friend.
Good luck and goodbye!
:D
10thingsaboutme I love to run, I run cross country and track!
Bunting our way to the World Series!
Me: Will the company pay for me to go to law school?
VP: No, but we'll pay to bail you out of jail.
Better cost benefit!
Ability is what you're capable of doing...Motivation determines what you do...Attitude determines how well you do it.
Flamenco wisdom: there is no glory in doing contra palmas badly.
Illinois photographer Brian Ulrich's latest exhibition 'Thrift and Dark Stores' May 28  July 3 2009, Julie Saul Gallery, NY
RT Friday can't get here fast enough.
You can order online at WeBeGreater.com or we'll be on King St between 3rd  4th tomorrow from 121.15pm
Thanks Mike :
THERE you go...that's a safer smile in the dusty wind!
:
Who's everybody got on the fight?
I relate everything to JoannaNewsom.
The SKOS chart of my life would just have Joanna Newsom as the object of every triple.
Networking is about building a relationship, not just to close deals for your business.
Essentials: Visibility, Credibility, professortability!
Kory a bitch
So I want food.
I gave up alcohol this week and I'm already regretting it!
Illumina just announced consumer genetic sequencing service for half previous best price.
Also demo'd iPhone app for consumer genetics.
I love it!
MANTRA  1 owe your success to no one
got this doctornk in my cup!
Did you know we're faster AND cheaper than the libraryofcongress when it comes to acquiring books from Morocco?
Ask us how we do it
nowplaying Light My Candle from RENT...dont judge me.
weed is much better than all that.
MUCH BETTER.
Its natural.
strawberry is better
The Tic Tocs are down, but not out!
We have a few tricks up our sleeves!
We are still gonna miss Cali, but will pull through!
Stay tuned!
vampires are cool!
;
Wish I could just kidnap you and bring you with me ;D
it all how u look at urself u are responsible for ur own happiness
me too.
like doctorw dody ok.
brad richards ok.
but where the fuck do u get that?!
2/2 ...
my 2 great aunts.
They taught me so much  how to fish, make buttermilk biscuits n more!
Miss them both!
Welcome to twitter!
:
WHY CANT WE FIND ANY DAMN HOTELS FOR VACATION.
When are you coming back to the midwest?
Wow!
Meganwade is amazing.
Playing at Sherwood at BBC now.
Whitney Houston's death had to be very unexpected.
Just 6 hrs ago many were reporting she was being approached to be a judge on X Factor
Biking through Eagle Creek Park in Indiana and some home bouldering!
Got my Troegs Anthology as a graduation gift to myself, but I also had a package from Spoetzl Brewing with three Wild Hares in mail.
TAKE THAT OFF
13 days until
there's something about 22 days lately...lol these 22 days better go as fast as the last 22..
I'm grateful for my job they're just DTM.
fridayreads The Marriage Plot by Jeffrey Eugenides.
alright alright alright yeah!
my son spellin the shit out of these motherfuckin words!!!!!LMAO never gets old!
regarding the last story about pot...
I work at an airline.
Funny watching people leave When custom dogs sniff MIA packages.
Seeing the old Alex Smith here
at least Charles is funny!
Lavin is good.
Hey girl!
How's it going?
Knowing you're going to be with him/her for life.
Happy BDay to Bob Rondeau!
A classy professorssional who continues the Seattle tradition of award winning sports broadcasting with every call.
I'm sorry.
I'm feeling old.
I will be 30 in July.
:
Loved the Final Tic classic.
Loved Good Side,Bad Side and Planet Crucon as well.
I try to think about all the diff.
ways I can build from an initial point of inquiry into the ind.
proj.
cool anna
My new mixtape will be coming early 2012.
I'll be releasing the title of the tape in December.
Stay tuned
it wouldn't be so bad if I'd stop habitually attempting to scroll on a wheel that I know doesn't scroll that way.
Stupid subconscious.
Are you attending Toni?
Just fell in love with Urbanbelly.
Must eat there everyday.
I would LOVE for you to be host!
grateful for many things, but today it's about standing up for myself and expressing my own opinions 
Admittedly don't know much about SASS, but I'm seriously impressed with extend.
assumed it was same as a mixin, but it's totally not.
wow.
this is the reason why I love you guys so much : you made a little girl's a day very special and her wish came true!
Don't judge bc that's not our job.
U never know what someone is going thru...
As much as they'll let me have access to.
RT : 8 thick eh?
So truthfully how much of it will you read
1000 ways to die I am sure I will be one of the dying lol
i don't :d
she was....logical.
We need to send the Avengers to North Carolina to fight the evil.
WFGM is proud to help and hope you can donate infant and toddler car seats to them!
girl you are so beautiful and amazing and you just need to KNOW :D
: looks yummy.
Celebrating Uncle Percy's birthday.
Had a good talk with him today.
He sounded like Grandaddy.
Why isee pilgrims everytimee im in nashvillee thou o.O
If you want a happy ending, that depends, of course, on where you stop your story.
Orson Welles
No Surprise: WMC CEO says he's not surprised by the uptick in jobs.
Surveys have shown optimism, and optimistic businesses tend to hire
Hey fans, give a shout to band guys and They're rolling with us this summer!
: so just made me do a shot of wheat grass..my body rejects!
he's making everyone do it.
Its like a cult
thanks : x
It's no die in my Sixers!
I'm telling you!
Certainly hurts his leadership positiontrust, respect, etc...Keep your sanity, girl, lol
Good Night.
Thank God.
Better Tomorrow, America!
Free for All Friday is here!
Scott, Cheryl, and doctor Jeff will tackle the issues of the day!
Don't miss it!
I think it's time to stop waitin on other people and make something happen
Send some to NYC
Just ran into Doug Melvin.
I said Hey Doug cause you know, we're tight like that.
When will I learn my lesson when it comes to caffeine at night?
do u evr go to seer outfitters?
:
: You seem so cool, and you're an amazing mahomie 3
Keep doctornking that kool aid amigo OKCs home grown talent seems to be better than the Heats free agents
I can be all you ever wanted if you give me a chance.
shut up!!!!!!!!
I was playing doctorw something with u the other day!!!
Yes I Am Lol
Honestly?
I think he may have thrown away the election.
Forget economy, jobs...
it's now a social issues election.
I feel you!
You're preaching to The Choir!
I actually can't believe I said that so loudly, feel so bad :' /3
I just called ConEd and put the electricity bill in my name.
I'm feeling oddly productive and scared at the same time.
Either I have friends who have been really slutty lately, or their April Fool's jokes need some help.
Just passed a car with the license plate SUCCES
Hey, i just met you and this is crazy but here's my number 
From all the toys in the world, people usually choose feelings to play with..
...and my car is already stuck.
no problem :3
Good day for the pack!
damn you're really in love with my butt aren't you?
It's ok it has that effect on people.
fat chicks come with baggage like hypertension, diabetes, sleep apnea...
can you be both fiscally conservative and socially liberal?
its sunny n bright in cali....
THINK I'M GONNA WORK AT LITTLE CESARS.
HOLLA
My commute's going to be over an hour once/if I move to Leesburg.
Better an hour in my car than two hours riding Metro.
More career services love for from: , , and
Damn u spent a lot of !
Just had serious bonding time with
haha no.
but i've been to hungary where i learned that still water came in pink bottles but I couldn't communicate with anyone :
Kidnapping isnt necessary to achieve that result.
Every tomorrow has two handles.
We can take hold of it with the handle of anxiety or the handle of faith.
Henry Ward Beecher,
That was pretty, while maybe unintentional, very pretty!
Left an audition and walked behind Will Chase for a hot second.
Felt like I was in a reallife episode of
If your Younger than 12 and your on birth control .
You ratchet
Thanks for being such an awesome Beyonce resource!
You really do it right!
St.
Louis is only shooting 26 from the floor and they are in this game
I wonder what's going on...
so many helicopters tonight.
We'd love to chat about how we can help w/ the California college tuition  accessibility challenges.
Miss you too, my supermodel from France:
Unfollow this page its hacked follow my new page
Yes!
Now to set my Yoga intention.....
Hopefully you can get some rest, that usually helps me when I have an allergic reaction.
.
found a use for Jerry Narron.
Started a fire in a junkyard to mess with the lights at Citi field.
I hate that has his tweets protected.
Can't RT him.
:c
Where have you been all my life?!
So I'm outside kissing my boyfriend and this lady passes by and says you go girl lol super embarrassed
I'm the short girl who has black haor and wears skinny jeans, band tees, and converse.
I got hell for it.
Nay!
Allow not the receipt of questionable cables derail your eloquence!
I daresay the very suggestion is nefarious!
Sorry Tech language at play here
for twits maybe
welcome to the Twitter.
Want to help 'Thought At Work'?
Come by the ID Studio Sunday  4PM for a meeting.
Any help is help.
: I love your crocs Said by Nobody, Ever.
this made me think of you and your love of CROCS!!!
RT : The space between the notes is as important as the notes themselves.
at
Thanks for the follow, So sorry you and EmoPeterCampbel couldn't make it work.
Seemed so perfect...
3 united app...
Just updated my gate and saved me a trip across O'Hare!
Thanks United.
RT : Who has questions for JobHuntChat?
another test message
Im so happy that follows me : bless ur heart
it was privilege to b with u  ur students at LR Memphis
Oh where oh where did my twitter go?
I know Its Tuesday and all but I feel like flying today :
promo me
please FundMyFriday to celebrate the end of another school year with my fellow grad students!
you should make one that says 50 original content
We will announce the winner of Guess Jack's score at 10am Central, stay tuned.
i'm fucking peeing.
Good mood and smiling this morning!!
Calls seem to be going ASU's way.
Come on Trojans,
If i have to get a shot in my mouth i think i just might kick the dentist....
RT : Morning rush hour still going smoothly no news is good news
Doing some outside running this Sat.
with by the lake for !
So, who's coming with us...WHO'S COMING WITH US?
Rhyme let's keep it undercover my parttime lover 2012 free to use
for the record it was pregosaurus lex
i will try maybe
Smart dinner with gaming narrative expert JamesPortnow.
The future can be better
At a medical doctors office...40 minutes after my scheduled appointment....still waiting...they need to take an on time lesson from us..
ignore him pattie.
yeah it took me a while to save up : though, really, a photographer is a photographer, no matter what equipment they use!
RUDE!
Actually I stopped doctornking at like 9:45!!!
awwe u so pretty cn we exchange numbers
when we felt like not giving old people diabetes anymore.
Remember those words next time you are looking for work.
And yes, veterans do deserve a break.
Great workout this morning!
Finally starting to feel fit again...
I Hate When Someone Complains Abt One Of Their Followers , Just Unfollow Them And Shut up .
I was born the day you kissed me.
3
what is ojon?
icantgoadaywithout thinking about 
This half priced frappuccino craze has lines out the door at Starbucks
what a nub
Good luck.
Hope you won't have to garbage pick cheesesteaks because you spent all your money on the car.
Chocolate chip, walnuts, and almond cookies
Last year I said I'd try to be a Phillies fan.
After meeting countless tool Phillies fans, I take that back.
Such a lame fanbase.
Go Buccos!
YOU ANT UP NORTHVIEW WIT 1.5 million LMAO THEM NIGGAS ROB THEY OWN MOMS LITTLE NIGGAS UH JACK YOU CUZ
some skateboard championship won by 38 yearold local fellow.
his parents must be proud!
MyCSU is making plans to be a part of the 2010 Diversity Conference on September 2123!
Check out their site at diversity.colostate.edu.
IThankGod for making me one of a kind
Girls have twice the options for Halloween costumes: the regular version or the slutty version.
Unless they go as Snooki.
Happy Administrative professorssionals Day!
Be sure your boss and coworkers shower you with many gifts today!
Summer time bitches
Its official.
These fb chat rooms hold some of the dumbest people in it.
sounds like a plan7
Here's To My 8,000 Tweet!!!!!!!
8 is a lucky number for me  one of my favorites!
Also I wanna thank all my awesome followers!
MuchLove 3
Fresh out of the shower!
haha
There is nothing wrong with contentment.
It only becomes an issue of you get stuck there.
Contentment becomes complacency.
Keep pushing!
Are you for real?
RT : PlankADay COREction officer says I miss your planks!
.
Isn't that awesome??
We were pretty pumped too!
So good.
So glad.
Thanks so much!
hahah.
I'm in the process of looking for a job.
I'd love to have my lip in the least pierced.
can we just just blame Petrino?
1966 Lincoln Cont.
ragtop.
Black, w/ suicide doors and a killer sound system.
Or another 68 'Stang...best for chasing tour buses!
Dilshan will probably get 2 tests for that head high contact on Usman
what u just got a twitter or something

nice to know you!
it's a beautiful device.
but I'm still not a convert.
I think it needs to do more for 500 bucks.
maybe courier will convince me?
you are my cinema I could watch you forever...actually pretty creepy lyrics we DJ Repeated all weekend
Really enjoying this
thank you!!
3
Cant believe with all the time Justin has put into the album, his fans, and charity..he still found time for school, and to graduate.
proud.
What To Expect When You're Expecting was great!
So much laughs!
I wouldn't know anything about that.
I have Michael McDonald's Sweet Freedom cranked to 11 right now.
im starting to think that i need to get her to autograph something for you, lol
Follow me on keek .
Yes it's the same username as my twitter username.
Have you recorded any demo?
FF Follow Someone Awesome Sunday
Our most beautiful blessings are the Jonas Brothers oh my gosh I haven't laughed so hard all day
Hes everything i doctoramed of !
Horse out front?
: There is a guy rocking a serious bolo tie at a Cincinnati Panera right now.
TXSwag?
Pelmeni Siberian Dish with a doctornk of Citro is fulfilling.
Damn y'all need to get over it already
Watching afv with the kids..then sending them to bed so I can watch Onceuponatime : Oh yay!
Happy Birthday to one of the funniest men I know!
Im sending so much love from NYC...and a virtual karate chop to the throat.
slaps you wow lmao
If your looking to save money today in Indy Marsh Supermarket is tripling coupons up to 1 until midnight.
Lol cause we all know who the craziest person we fucked last
We're glad they did!
Now you can check out all the new things that will be happening:
Spoken like a true Bostonian RT : WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Starbucks taste better than Dunkies
I have so much love for 's songs and songwriting, its crazy.
3
I'm hungry!
Thank you for including me in your journey!
RT : Dear Maloofs: please sell the Sincerely, Everyone.
When google made the switch a couple months ago they froze my channel.
I had to make a new one.
So I'm starting over.
RT Autocorrect is like that person who just graduated college and think they know everything.
Im seriously in the best mood:
Left my window wide open all day, nice one maddie
Shut up michael cole
This doctoram I had last night though.....wtf...??
Lol thnkn why would I even doctoram sme shit like tht..
thanks honey!
Thank God for all I missed because it led me here to this...
OMFG I LOVE YOU !!!!
CONGRATS!
333333333
Also, my other nephew signed a 4 year contract with the Army.
Our own Private Ryan.
Congrats to him too!
When is Reggie getting on Twitter?
Gotcha!
Thanks Bethany!
Chairs  bad.
Balls  good.
Eating in downtown Louisville, KY.
Heady beers for sure!
It's ironic that champions of democracy want different standards 4 themselves.
Y plead the 5th when u r clean ?
You are going to be AMAZING!
And you really should be BFFs with She's the biggest fan of all time!
Thanks my friend!
: Life's a bitch, if it were a slut, it would be easy.
NEW HAVEN!
Bring back Bar Pizza and a Louis Lunch burger pls
Next on our list!
Terrific meeting you this week!
RT : Just got home found The Gamification of Learning Instruction arrived...
I'm do not in shape for our Fireisland !
What a dive!
WhenIWasLittle, I never imagined that one day OLTL and AMC would be stolen from us.
y'all should get some tray tables in this bitch
hm we'll meet up but no purple for me...wearing gold!
The lady had me up there throwing curve balls for 25 minutes haha
...
Sun breaking through the clouds shining on a blustery day ...
Seattle's Heart Beat gathers together
I miss my main man
Sipping a '96 Schloss Schönborn Riesling Spätlese: ultraripe peach, Seville orange, raisins, lemonlime, slate!
Steaming this pastrami has left me with incrediblydelicious pastrami stock.
What to do with it?
Ideas?
Aww how wees Luvvs r lrd Ahmed.
Does the Queen have anything at all to say when someone she knighted tries to destroy the UK?
also, Hamptons Chutney Company is a great place for celiacs to dine on creative dosas and uttapams
Gonna fight robert tomorrow YEAH
You have exactly 35 mins left to nominate yrsrelf or other MLA mbrs to serve on ctes.
You know you want to!
www.mla.org
I just never tire of DOUBLE INDEMNITY.
If ever there were a DVD that I wear out, this is it.
Trying to enjoy Eli Manning doing SNL but this show hasn't been funny since I was in high school
I know I was waiting for the next showing of SherlockPBS but that's why god invented the app w/AirPlay
the club still update their own library a couple times a year?
OMG I WAS TAKIGN A NAP!!!!!!!!
i love you and I do remember ourlil runs and we need to hangout again soon please, i miss summer3
: AHAHAHA, TKozy strikes with the mom jokes again.
Love!
Need video of arrest incident yesterday around 44th  Lex  many journos there documenting brutality, please DM any info
I cant go back to sleep....
RT : Mary don't you weep because God is going to do just what He said!
VintageTrouble was awesome, a spectacular concert.
follow me can't wait to hear your
r they looking for poker dealers at the trop??..I can outdeal anyone...if so could you get back to me buddy..thx in advance..
kinda low for you Jesus but then again your religion is falling out of favor.
Sittin in class with these hot bitches
Thank you for the mention : Great site for eyecare!
I said don't worry about a thing...cause everything is gonna be ight
Breakthat Single show Top 20 list is the best way to give indie singles love
if you can't be completely comfortable around your boyfriend or girlfriend , then your not that close
RT : Happy New Years to  all my fam.
Yall are my team till the death of me
that's funny x
Its about to go down Boom Boom Style.......T Lady Birthday........yeah thats me
How would you use clout as President to spur middleclass entrepreneurism?
I got asked to prom
I think dogs R the most amazing creatures; they give unconditional love.4 me they R the role model 4 being aliveGilda Radner...
I think I'm going to go to the movies today.
Can't wait to get my hands on Essence of Time!
Read 1st 3  need to know how about Rob  Blake.
Getting the showers water temp right is one of the hardest things to do but When it happens it's one of the best
Vampira still gets my sap flowing.
Otherwise it's gotta be Graves Ghastley
superartfight Doctor Who Puppet Pals!
So I'm on vacation already.
Agreed!
And I am loving RT : Nice new avatar, !
: 

Everyone ℱℴℓℓℴω and me...
WOO!
WE FOLLOW BACK YALL!
YEEEEEEEHAW!
3 hope solo!
woot!
chicken liver?
Rehearsing a limited edition set of Live PA songs and Retrospective Remixes.
MojoStock2011 VJ: DJ:  Sitar  doctorms!
Actually Reynolds was okay, not great though.
The writing and chemistry was just way off.
bacon is bad for me and you are officially a bad person now
Not long now for Mass Effect 3!!
What things do YOU want out of FemCity Milwaukee?
Let's hear your comments/suggestions!
Imagine Austin Gives U A Gift YOU: Omg I Love It, Its Amazing AUSTIN: YOUR Amazing KissesYou
And Facebook is running strongly to the pocket carry.
I sense a trend.
Lol I thought u meant u were having me for lunch :O
TY 4 the shoutouts.
Hope you enjoyed gr8 wine this wkend!
I doctorve by yesterday!
LoL!
ouch ouch and ouch!
Good she finished her show though!
Tough kid!
I'm watching this game and still trying to figure out...what's so old about the Celtics?
I want to start my own Ted or Fred style talks.
TUES: Senior Advocacy Workshop in City Heights.
Learn to communicate to elected officials.1:30 p.m.
Free 4065 43rd Street.
In D.C.
for the rest of the week.
Late arrival with an early wakeup call for meetings.
Delaware's about to go into Hinkle Fieldhouse and whip up on Butler tonight.
Right
Sorry was new to me
El Salvador all day, everyday ;
it's impossible not to.
so many twitter crushes.
on you and you and you and..
not you.
:
RT : Omg we watched in Common's new video at work tonight!
That's so exciting!
I'm so proud!
You'll see signs up around town.
If you'd like one, email name, st addoctorss and email addoctorss to
Okay bye bye :D
I hate when you say stupid shit like that.
Grinding away at the law lib
Can't remember who first mentioned My doctornk Kitchen to me, but I am now very very much smitten with it.
;
Buying the stuff for our little cook out :
next up  scouting the photo shoot location and helping Sizzle La Fey get a banjo
Thanks for the follow FF TGIF!
whispers Broke what?
Thanks for the follow, what language is that on many of your tweets?
My guess is Tagalog but don't really know.
now that we have Cal as a coach I think some fans really do expect to win it all every yr.
Gotten pretty comfortable with ios app dev over the past year.
Now, working around in the Andoctorid SDK.
hahah new phone
Home Sweet Home 33
To all of us at Castle Group Marketing to all of you out there in twitterland, we wanna wish you and your families all a Merry Christmas!!
Nas is so dope
This time its gonna be me.
'N Sync
It's in the University Gallery inside the Vignelli Center  artistic alley.
Enjoy!
Swisher Homers Here..
I don't understand why people keep saying they are/aren't thankful for Nickleback...
Explanation please?
TYVM for the RT
An 80year old can have the body of a 40year old by adopting a healthy, active, stressfree lifestyle.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !
!!NeverSAYNever3D!!
Oh that's why you know him!
I can't wait til I finally get to go abroad!
just a bit.
The only upside is that it may be the first mmo where guys who play girl avatars wont get ridiculed
JB: O's objects: a weirdly coy manifest withdoctorwal, alluring us to play hide and seek, without holism.
What is at stake?
Thank you!
It most definitely is!
often neglected but has a lot of power
I don't work tomorrow.
Eric will be there
RT : A1: Social media good resource, but work it toward a handshake.
Congrats to for rattling home his dunk attempt and to for making his first collegiate field goal.
Houston City Hall to be bathed in orange lights tonight in honor of run to MLS Cup final.
your peformance last night gave me chills!
You sang its a mans world and rocked it hunny!
you better win!
Visual literacy in art edu deprived elementary schools in greater LA
i have a good bit of footage
Exciting time to be Things looking up after months of grinding.
I do expect some sunshine today.
Partly sunny skies overall becoming mostly cloudy.
Thanks for the follow
Taking classes / workshops at a design or technical school will eventually get you the certificate, but actual learning depends on you.
Valerie for Randi Scott rockin' your Friday nite  stay tuned for Nights with Alice Cooper coming up at 11:00!
:o
Would like to know what you find.
Don't know how to do outside of controlled environment.
Just found out that a paper at a conf in March will be on the exact topic as mine at a diff conf in April.
Great minds think alike?
CraftMaster Molded Interior Doors are MADE in the USA!
Wanna be friends??
shehechat it's like we are singing Happy Birthday to you!
If anyone is every sad ill sing you the happy song xD
i love you more:
Fall in love when you are ready, not when you are lonely is wat it is.
miss my baby maggie!
Feeling so pumped by all the comments and emails received in response to my NYT Room for Debate piece.
I like it when catches up on replying to his whole timeline from like twelve hours ago
Having mega problems with blogger.
Anyone out there an expert?
Care to help?
Or should I just switch to wordpress?
Today was a great day.
I hope everyone enjoyed it.
The new years is almost here!
Stay productive!!
RT : Sheen destroyed the entire concept of the show from all the doctorma.
It'll never be as comical no matter who replaces who.
We like you too!
Until they run out RT there are less than 800 tickets for graduation at the We can pick up two more with red ID.
Money talks but it's the ACTIONS that make it so.
nice post...
Getting ready to hang out with Prez Obama  the House of Blues tonite.
Pantera's Cowboys From Hell.
I want it to be summer.
Last summer was so fun.
So many memories, with lots of people.
Summer, Please come faster..?
And I quote Itzdamamastinkydachilez!!!!!!
...I know my bitch well enough to translate this on sight when she txts me ha
First pick on mom's mother's day playlist: daughters by john mayer
Easy desert.
Toasted Eggo waffle cut into bites in a bowl.
Add1 scoop of natural vanilla ice cream with a doctorzzle of chocolate syrup.
M'good
lol take yo ass to sleep
it looks very cozy and Thanksgivingish.
Have a happy turkey day!
Cool!
RT Great crowd at today's meet and greet in
If I lived in Florida, I would be pretty concerned about rioting babies right about now
Got a little carried away at the library...
but majority of the people in your party don't like Hispanics and I a Latina hate that word
look at Richards shoe lmao
For the first time this year the defense picked up TB12
Alright, I'm looking for your favorite calendar app out there ...
?
Why can't THIS weekend's game be blacked out?
Not sure I want to witness this...
Fear binds the world.
Forgiveness sets it free.
Gary R.
Renard
OK Boston College Fans an alumni, Would you ever consider Bobby Petrino to be the next football coach?
Toosoon ?
This bitch in my class called the blonde ugly af Niall is perfect so fuck you.
Get your playlistmaking pants on!
The Rubbish Zoo EP is up on Spotify!
Random ; i always thought Tupac was cute.
The only male that look good with a nose piercing!
ugh, my stomach.
So sorry, Maura.
I can't believe tomorrow is December 1st!
Is time speeding up?
2012 is only a breath away.
Time waits for no one, it runs by its own clock.
Hello my name is mister.Malik:
let's go
: Men, don't be afraid to surround yourselves with wise women, and don't be afraid to listen to them.
Hoping you can help me spread the word about my shows at the Comedy Cave next week.
Would love to chat with you guys!
Great things cooking with , literally!
Stay tuned
twitter inside jokes are the best!
thanks for sharing
Trying to ball in this soccer tourney this weekend
Could the ravens trade back?
alright thanks.
Obama is highlighted in our film, Y'all should screen it at events.
I bet a troll equates to anyone who don't agree with you..correct?
Hamas sure know how to raise childoctorn who love peace.
Poor kids are brainwashed.
Israel must finish off Hamas!
Who's the highest jumping twitter follower I have following me?
Is it you?
maybe it was buy one get one free?
Up at 2 in the morning talking on the phone with on the phone for over 3 hours.
I wish I can record the beautiful moments in life with my mind.

Roses are on their way!
See you in June!
Danica: you and me, we're not friends, you crashed my car Convo with crew cheif
we miss you too!
Fraser marathon.
Such a good show!
It's crazy to think it was on 11 years ago.
hey, that's practically the same route I did last night!
Want to get two months of Latisse for only 85?
Ask me how!
Not a TD if ruled so philly gets robbed
Give these guys a follow!
Great place to see upcoming events!
A lot of buyers are starting their home search in earnest this month.
Are you ready to sell your home?
HungerForUnger!!!
:D please follow me!
HungerForUnger!
:
after i finish watchin dis movie wit her ima take a long nap im tired and i just mite turn my phone off....
R.I.P Damel but who is that?
My best friend 3 :'
for sure
FYI..When in the shower DON'T use your teeth to open the shampoo..
yuck...though the bubbles were quite entertaining!
living in the moment.
are you too?
puppy can sniff it from ovah there?!
Str8 up I think the only thing that keeps me not bored is work:/
Thanks, man!
We appreciate that!
Marc  I don't think it's about the platform.
Citizen participation requires commitment and a shift in our current culture.
happy birthday!
24
Talent show canceled.......
Debt is stopping you from being successful and doing what God has called you to do.
did u click the link
well i changed it so u can keep it if u want
and thats why i love you and your infectious music: forget about the assholes in ETF they are where they are because of you
Since your comments about I bought the soundtrack.
So many great songs  fun memories!
Thnks 4 sharing!
Can I be that someone?
RT : I just need some assurance that someone out there still has hope in me.
The best things about is that you're in for an awesome show no matter which you choose!
:
In 1 year the use of CFLs over incandescent bulbs removes as much greenhouse gas pollution as taking 2 million cars off the road
this is the day!
We are making big moves!
Glad to have you on board!
Not too late to join us at the Ward 5 straw poll
Charlie for President!
Could I get 2 tickets for the show tonight?
yes...Good.
she is the head of hyd times
pianist powers the San Diego Symphony in a compelling, even revelatory, allLiszt program
just posted up cool photos of a Soleus Watch, another Austin Based company to look out for.
What's the good word Feddie?
9 out of 10 men prefer a girl with a big butt.
The 10th man prefers the other 9 men.
What's the crime scene activity near Temple this morning?
Roads blocked.
Live trucks.
Mobile CSU..
nigga that's disgusting!
She is soo cute  she looks just like him.
Lol.
We will be announcing our director very soon!
A habit is repetitive behavior
where can I find me one of them?
;
anyone playing golf this weekend?
They all have Private FB's  then they had the FB they added fans to!
Jamie can't take the stress!
no work tonight!
Taking family out for wisconsinfishfry bring on the
Me too.
I was actually terrified until he got home.
Happy Birthday!
andoctorson cooper making fun out of polish ppl that wasn't cool at all It's like we would make fun out of american doctorssing upfor Halloween
Thank you Troy!
I was just talking with a friend about how much I miss OKC!
Hope you and your family are well.
Heading out to see Kevin Smith tonight?
A handcrafted cocktail made by our mixologist will start your evening out right.
Happy Birthday!!!!
3
If you're still in the market for a last minute mother's day gift, book mom a tour from the times available on our site.
You're welcome!
are you in?
: I'm going to start replacing the word now with the word meow right...
meow.
haha fine no soup for you

Went on Facebook and seen some raggedy prom pictures.
Sheesh.
Busted and disgusted.
Don't know how I feel about hungergames.
District 11 uprising scene was by far the best scene of the movie.
Very well done.
Terrible CGI
Touchdown Wisconsin!
Rodney O and Joe Cooley  But You Don't Hear Me Tho RT favorite old school west coast songs?
Home from church 3
interested in some free speechdom this sunday, 4/22 or 4/29?
love to have you back before you leave our shores.
I'm sorry I guess I don't know simple algebra
If you haven't yet!
Follow for updates on the tour!
delish no gluten no sugar cookies are now avail for celiacs Yes To Cookies.com we want to send you some David inventor
True story: I run to/from BART on a daily basis
do not dismiss US' intervention in Africa in regards to natural resources and supposed terrorists
sfgiants pull off big win in the 11th vs mbrewers!
Thanks to the superbowl and Wes Welker, Klout believes I are influential about New England Patriots.
The internet is fun.
morning Keith!!
Us too!
RT I'm saving my little bit of shopping for tomorrow.
Small business Saturday.
I was happy to pass up the packed malls.
Giving thoughts to the thoughtful.
Talking is a good, and unexpected start, but for guru dom scotch and polarbears will get you further here's looking at 20
Nearing the Big Bangs Decision of '09...
stalking hairstyle photos online and popping my face into those virtual makeover tools.
Great event last night  thanks for hosting !
you think George Feeney and Wilson Wilson ever get together and doctornk, like our neighbors suck
Finding a key to paradise
Thanks for the follow!
Speaking of yard signs...
Travel, of course, narrows the mind.
Malcolm Muggeridge.
RT 500 SC2 beta keys going to our biggest SC2fan Told my son to pick up ANYTHING SC2 that he can get his hands on at BlizzCon
He likes her, she likes him, everyone knows.
Except them.
Real.
What's been good and how's the line coming along?
Chinese takeout, a bottle of wine  Sex and the City...with my dog.
This is what my life has become
Work in a min!!!
I love my job
Happy Sunday Funday everyone!
Advertising was, is, and always will be, a result of people.
Human beings.
Creative minds that can uncover insights and then turn...
me too!
In London at dinner in SoHo  Brit boys were going on about A List  TJ.
I put 2  2 together  realized it was you!
Today was heeeella fun;D I really wanna join student council now.
Thanks for the mention, hope all is well with you!
You are the greatest thing, the greatest thing since bread came sliced
We are doing our usual ritual for celebratory brunches: homemade chocolate chunk scones and cardamom
What happens in Vegas stays in your conscious.
Stop and face your battles!
If you run the problem only increases!
Some guy getting chased by zombies
Estate Sales are the New Rock 'N' Roll says Get It Gone Estate Sales PPL 
And I own the store.
the Schedule C on free fillable forms is not calculating the first few line to get Gross professort what to do?
Went to twice in the last two days because of bigotry  stupid boycott.
Thanks to all companies that support equality
Henry Ian Cusick on Fringe was the best thing I've seen since Henry Ian Cusick was on Lost.
1 of the best episodes of Fringe yet!
I wanna fishing...
Whose DTF ???
lol
hey are you newtotwitter or can you tell me how this crap works!
Lol go vikes!
Lol
I am the most unflexible person you will ever meet.
For all you film/tech buffs, Cheftable will be filmed using a Cannon Mark 2
Congratulations on the award...couldn't possibly imagine anyone else in the league more deserving....
Love?
Is everyone really looking for love?
i talked to the cutest guy ever....
ugh.
i should have given him my number!
damn!
ive never been swooned over someone like this!
Love STRAP!
Can I quote you in my dissertation???
How in the Hell can you try and sell USED manuscript paper?
Does that even make sense?
I've seen girls at school worried to complain about much worse for fear of being ridiculed or dismissed.
Our society has problems.
Heat/Knicks game
Thanks Paul yeahwedo!
RT : Happy birthday !!
:
we are happy to give to such an important organization.
Thank you!
where the bo at in Vegas I kno u kno...
And Wats marlon contact ??
WOOH.
You hear the rain?
Yeah but 7th graders don't like to stop hating!
:p
AtNight I get a burst of energy.
Kinda annoying.
Kinda useful.
I'm so NOT ready to say goodbye to the bestest boss EVER, Michael Scott :
looks like I got the OK for Chilton beer fest this Sunday.
You?
are u watching in 2d or 3d?
And imax?
We love NYC too, that's why we live here ;
im not looking for a response actually im just enjoying talking to you xD.
hit my facebook hun
those Epic Rap Battles of History are funny.
I even made a request on a few of those vids for Colonel Mustard VS Colonel Sanders.
RT : MT : demoing Genesyslab mobile solution at gforceamer will Genesys post a video of the demo?...
RT : Providing coupons is 1 reason fans follow a company in B2C.
Providing content/education works best for B2B
damn it I lost my phone...
now Im fucking upset and shit

Hug a fireman, I just did ;
Yeah, Black Veil Brides are gimmicky, but they love their fans and that's okay by me
I just signed up for a twitter account.
THATcamp made me do it.
thanks!
The whole crew made it happen though  great work all!
watching Grown Folks on Netflix....ahahhaha
I am really glad that they remembered a nose opening.
askObama Ans 14: Privatization of schools?
Every pubic investment pays off multifold.
Need to get priorities straight.
Thanks for the mention!
Tomorrow is Beyonce first mother's day
just knock them upside the head, then they'll listen!
lol
Are you injoying the snow??:!
Smiling extra hard  :
My Hawaiian luau wedding reception countdown continues...10 days left until the party in Michigan!
I like him so much as to put him on top of the list;
So glad you exist
Shopping for shoes with Nalani looking at heels She says Mom I can fit size five women's...
yey...
snow!
I think we are suppose to get a foot...
awesome!
They're not all gold, people.
And if they were, I would totally sell them.
Have you seen the price of gold???
I don't understand why didn't win or why isn't in this years finale.
AmericanIdol you confuse me.
Honestly I'm bored ah.
Just tweet me pics of yourself instead so I can just ship all of you then..
:P
That is our new lair, and we are pumped.
We used to hunt for empty classrooms
Giving him what he want isnt easy but I always give him wat he need
just saw ur tumblr, love it!
PRODUCERS!!!
CONTACT US ABOUT YOUR PUBLISHING NEEDS
She waking me up talking bout she scared
as you and I well know, yardsigns are nothing to go by.
I'm just looking at the overall direction of your tweets/actions.
If u trust yo girl or man then life will b easier for everyone
if you dont say it in the streets dont say it in ya tweets, if you dont say it when we meet don't say it on a beat
Patient alert and in good condition.
Hmm.
I'll need to look deeper into my privacy controls.
How was Startup Weekend?!
I hope you be happy bHADD
No school tomorrow yea going sleep all day :
oh we definitely will!
We just got some new Dixie Soda
Aiight keep me posted bra.
Last year's restaurant week is when I discovered The Blue Fin in the W hotel AWEsome seafood!
I am awake, weather cooler, I caught up on some sleep.
Back on my grind, on the money trail!!!!
is back on the reality train  yup, Winter is here.
Feel that cold air!!
I heard some deep quotes today.
Heads up if you see any on your TL.
Come check out our Adult doctorpin classes today!
Today's featured classes: Move your body with Adult Salsa or Reggaeton HipHop!!
Not very gentlemanly
man u till going to michigan w/ me this weekend?
Lol.
Manure in a healthy pasture that is watered and maintained will cause growth, not decay !!!
out the shower
Good Morning.
Bags are packed for next emergency.
Sun, Moon, Wind etc,,
Congratulations to the team for receiving 's Innovation award!
Badgers had me worried for a while there.
Up by 21 now with 8:30 to go.
I don't do much these days.
But always good to remember tricks.
Have a great weekend!
that is true, , everyone knows how much you like to get your burrito
thanks so much.
you da man!
just got FB friended by slew of former NYC students who were in my class on 9/11...reminds me that school was a safe place for them  for me
So dissapointed in you, boy!
Why would you do that?
subtweet!
NEW spring/summer menu rolls out tonight!
EVerything looks so yummy and the Southwest Chicken Salad I just had was AMAZING
You're very welcome!
Have a great weekend :
and the show just uses the phrase human centipede  i cant.
Like!!
RT : We've got to have a doctoram if we are going to make a doctoram come true.
Denis Waitley
how can I get it to you before this weekend?!
Happy birthday you sloppy pickle!
Kelly Clarkson tickets just past 4:45 today with the End of the Workday Giveaway.
The game today is Liar Liar Pants on Fire!!!
boomer
awesome man well we have a free lunch for you when you're ready.
Just as for Mario.
Thanks for being a customer
WHEN I GET HOME IM DOING MY RT'S FOR WHICH PERSON IN THE CREW YOU LOOK GOOD W/  A PICTURE.
RT THAT TWEET :
I have a lovehate relationship with money.
Usually hate because I never have any.
But I'm working on a plan to move back!
No bullish...
Only real conversations
Let me tell you how awesome it is to wake up and see my team on
hahahahahaha, i fucking wish.
one small issuei have 2 tons of homework to do still:
Money is a commodity that is not to be coveted or squandered unwisely.Its value lies not in what it buys, but what is done with it to Bless.
I still cut up the plastic holders for six pack sodas.shows the power of the environmental message after 25 years
You didn't have to be close to smell his stench.
yeah if his woman bashing wasn't bad enough now he is bashing good music..shameful
WTF?
Geezer next door sound like he's sucking the insides out of his foundation.
Seriously strange, loud sounds...
Omg ruben blades is on 106  park!!!!!
This is so coo!!
And he was dancing with rosci with her fine self
Hillsborough Titles owner, Aaron Davis, is going to be on the Duncan Duo Real Estate Show on WFLA970am Sunday morning at 10 am.
Tune in!
just got around to reading newest post so proud of their accomplishments, totally can relate to them and the journey, bravo!
you don't think so?
No BeerDiplomacy tonight, as lost his voice...
The only thing missing from SuperBowl halftime show is a bucket of pig's blood falling from the rafters in slowmotion.
Any bank can usually do it.
Otherwise stop by my office.
RT : Wheres the quickest place to get something notarized in MKE?
One more day of work.
So far in the first hour, the phone rang twice and we got coffee.
That's about all the work that'll get done today.
Just Dance 3 was one of the best Christmas presents ever.
Better than spending an hour in the gym!
smokeweedeveryday just came on the car radio shutout to
Let's go Bucs!
how was your vaca?
Hey what's up ?
You and your friends coming to the karaoke/spoken word show tonight at iLounge?
8pm.
1287 D Glenwood Ave, ATL

Spent the morning training my new assistant.
It's always cumbersome at first, but then: DELEGATION BLISS.
Hustling ain't just selling doctorgs
Are you guys watching the Xfactor today?
A lot of beautiful and talented people out there!
I HATE being corrected.
But it feels so damn good coming from
Quote taken
Had a Nice Work Out
We are almost to our first 100 Ranchhand registrations for summer 2011.
Who will be number 100.
We'll let you know!
Why am I so repulsed by Coachella 2013 announcements on Monday?
Making me wish someone will die or break up before the show.
what song gets your blood pumpin when working out???
I don't understand why I'm up.
Females Are Strangers You Meet Inside The Club.
Police Officers Are Strangers You Meet Outside The Club.
Toats gonna fail this math taks
So I got a letter from Kohl's saying I wasn't approved because I didn't have a credit score.
Well duh, I'm only 20.
nocreditcards 
Went to kings island yesterday
I'm sitting behind the NJ Atty Gen.
Jeffrey Chiesa.
Maybe he wants to be friends  bond over Bon Jovi  Jersey Shore?
foreall!!
Haha I can't stand any team in Oklahoma!!
Hey Mone !
Long time no talk to.
Give us a shout when you are able.
Hope all is well...
glad to see you on twitter...
If you don't know Reignwolf, check him out and get on the bandwagon.
He's only recording with Soundgarden's rhythm section, no big deal.
when you start singing turkey in the straw you know it is time to go home...open until 8pm tonight!
: worked hard to change lots of old hat misconceptions about communication and coproduction.
We are pleased to announce that Jerome James O'Brien has joined as a Salesperson
Maybe you should get into the batting cage first bro.
Just sayin.
RT I've learned how to rap.
I need to get into the studio.
Good Morning from Baltimore!
Go Devils!!!
RT : Good morning!
Happy Friday.
Where are the happy NJDevils fans this morning?
Gabe is a night stocker at H.E.Bree
Houston I have a solution for your IRS ISSUE
Chris Davis is not on my good side tonight.
For every finishline tape a runner breaks  complete with the cheers of the crowd and the clicking of hundoctords of cameras  there are...
you remembered your password anyway, that's something.
Hahah yeah don't forget the smells and sounds the mountain make when theyre's and earthquake haha oh I love natures crack !
that's a great view bro
absolutely ridiculous!
is it bad that I can't stop eating Christmas cookies?
Happy Birthday !
Riding in the subway isn't as bad as you would think.
The awk moment Brett Howell has more Taylor swift songs on his iPod more than I do freakinlovehim!!!
orientation next tuesday
Many toddlers have chubby cheeks and plump arms, but how much fat is too fat?
Most mothers don't know.
I have details on at 10  11.
Couple candles lit, wine cooler in hand, kicking back and relaxing!
same here lakergang : how yu been??
OSEA CRAVING bring me some to The north campus
WOO HOOOO!!!!
LET'S GO CAPS
..but w the new fence the opening isnt large enough for the truck so they dump in n partial out garden on the sidewalk
Just received Sick from Freedom by Jim Downs from Oxford University Press.
Haven't done a book review on the site, but see one coming!
so excited for Scream4 tonight!
Is joining us?
hey you must be a parking ticket cuz you got fine written all over you:P
they rocked I was in the back at the Bar standing up, Showbox is a great venue small with great sound
How can I trust again?
Happy Birthday Charles Dickens!
Of course!!
Definitely no football on here!
;RT : What else would I possibly be doing?

i'm still twitstupid ; I have a msg from you, but no clue how to find it.
Halp!
:0
actually really pissed off.
not at anyone in particular just in general.
shitest Friday ever.
I need to get more than one tufted titmouse, then.
Thanks for the tip!
:
Morning.
:D This is the earliest I've ever been awake this entire summer.
Haven't Met You Yet  Michael Bublé np This song doe 
Just saw Harry Potter the way God intended.
As a Christian musical Hilarious!
Had a gator in my garden yesterday.
What a riot.
He wasn't happy to see me!
omg ryan hollins is in game for boston haha
Holy hell some restaurants are a cluster.
This is pure mayhem and confusion and they seem to be messing up everyone's order.
Damn.
I think I'm going Saturday with my brother  dad  Eric.
: Belated birthday PARTAY.
Congrats to former Jax resident Raiko Bowman for her role as Peeta's Mom in The Hunger Games premiering 3/23!
alright, imma have to send a sampler and let him see what's poppin.
U get them numbers on paper for misterNORTH EDITION?
Lol
When I had my son, I read Twilight aloud to him.
With my daughter, it's Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter.
I sense a theme...
i wish i didn't like J.
Lo's new song.
but i really like it!
Did you use a PDF of the program?
I'm keen to do the same!
Paperless conference FTW.
U have to like your songs,before others do.U have to be in love with your voice before others do.Believe in your project and others will do.
We met at NYTtravelshow promoting AirCruise  interesting concept.
In session to learn more about CampusGuides
In June there will be a new Mob Wives set in Chicago!!
I am beside myself with yays!!
mobwiveschicago cc
So sick of this damn rain!!
Georgia roasted RaeDeen!!
you so dumb, you went to the dentist for a Bluetooth lmao
Marissa is still doing hw I feel so bad!
congrats and thx: same to u!
Never open up to anyone.
Never let anyone know you weaknesses or flaws because the minute you do, they use them against you.
BoyzGoCupid totally worth the wait.
loveyuguys FOLLOW?
Just another reason why I don't give out glassware.
Selling Pepsi and Iced Tea out of the never increases my beer sales.
What is this?!
Daddy Hoy why don't you lay your head in my dirty pillows while you call Bob Moore.
Another yalit gem: Matched by Can't get enuf dystopian lit!
Fab tool for higher level questioning!
No Fairr ........
Has More Tweets Than Me!
Goddard reminds us we always watching a movie.
What's everybody doing tonight?
Eddie Kingston defends the NWA Heritage Championship against Green Ant next.
It was his preairport stop in Mt.
Lebo.
NO YOU'RE NOT.
y'all got some money
Don't forget to follow us on Twitter !!!
I would very much agree
Back to work!
Can't wait for paycheck next week, over 120 hrs...
Need new clubs then golfing with the beautiful !!!
I hope everyone had a great weekend!
Not studying tonight
I fucking hate these fucking flashback memories.
Hey.
It's morning.....
dope :P that's a dope smiley face with a hat
Listening to music then going to bed.
Night twitter.:
My next show is this Friday at the Dog  Pony Grill in Boerne, TX, 69pm, full band!
Woohoo!
Avengers is a 2hr and 35 min erection
NAwww since you only have 2 friends
I think it hit him in the back of the neck tho:
Texas always looks like a fun track
I would love it!
: She will be here on June 2nd so I will have to wait my turn.
We always enjoy our Sorella visits!
RT : Looking forward to hosting tonight at Sorella!
The Wire is on a list of things that make Americans cool.
Good job, Charm City!
mbist.ro/qJLKu8  via
My sister made me smell one of her fruit scented markers and now I feel sick hate those kinds of stuff 
How is this guy gonna tell me ive changed when he never even knew me in the beginning ?
Leaving new orleans tomorrow, then moving to Vegas ASAP I'm thinking with in a month, fuck Austin.
My moms bought me a 12 pack of Arnold Palmer
Seeing the hunger games again
what you mean sam pulled out?
what did you shoot?
and where the hell where yous playing, worlds hardest course?
Hey...thanks for following but I don't use this account.
I tweet about marketing/mobile/social from  Brian
Much props to The Grove shopping center in L.A.
they have banned Manny Pacquiao from stepping foot on property for his homophobic rants
Cody Jasper is one his generations best guitarists.
too late!!
I bought my tickets forever ago for Coldplay
2tragic my group yea buddy
In German we read sentences and this kid goes, 'So does that sentence mean ''im going to open up your sister?'' oO
trying to get the idea trending but it will take a while since only three of us are doing it right now.
good luck on your finals
Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful mothers out there!!!
Much love!
I am pillaging the villagers in my bananapants.
Thanks for ReTweetin' Poised Creation!
I'm surprised there's no article on Gameinforemister com about it.
I was starting to get geeked for that nigga
kind of catchy, though, isn't it?
Yo restaurants/food trucks/food people/etc: If you're offering Tax Day specials, tweet me.
Making a list.
Making plans.
And so on.
: i don't really facetime anymore .
ill give u f.t ;
True.
Unfortunately it sometimes flies away just when we need it :
WOW!!!
I thought I was the only one who thought that way....thnx
Yes, my fantasy team needs him.
RT : Maybe you could come up w/Top 10 ways Philip Rivers can stay alive in Chicago
What does it mean to you that we have added several cars recently?
It means next time you need a ride, we should be your 1st choice.
ready for tomorrows show at 216 Main Stage!
Oh yeah!
Yea I'm pretty crazy alright I was crazy for settling with u a guy with no high school diploma, no car, no job!
Wow I was crazy
Got ya  RT Yo praying for my little sis been sick for a while now.
Pray for my little sis.
Also, I don't know about you, but I didn't assault anybody for being different when I was 16
Day after Easter...
Those of us who follow Jesus  let's try to keep the LOVE alive and give up on the political stuff...
LOVE not judgment
Happy New Year to everyone from Killer B's MixHouse!
TIIP4P Gen.
Rick Lynch US Army a mentor is accessible, truly listens, and truly cares
you just don't understand the excitement I get prior to reading your tweets
Tweet me a number and I will rate you !
is stoked to be back w/ Kubrick's 'Full Metal Jacket' all weekend  a special presentation on Sunday.
Unsubscribe RT : Why We Should All Be Rooting for Notre Dame
Haha!!!
Some one is doctorss up as Harry and Voldamor and they are dueling in the movie theater lobby!!!
We will be  Baltimore  Greene with GrrChee.
Shake and a Reuben !!!'
it's worth the wait
Hahaha, watching the recording of TheWeekendShow because I missed the beginning...
lmao the starting music with the please stand by xD
TOTAL ENVY!
lol we are in the same boat
Thanks for the follow.
Look forward to seeing you on the 22nd at the Education Think Tank event in NYC
It's not as cold as it looks.
Great afternoon in Petworth with
we look forwards to reading it!
Thanks for your interest.
: Yes, yes, and yes!
CL/res coming your way shortly!
Had a great time with  onsite at today.
Thanks so much for making the trip!
is talking about you are your ears ringing?
Home alone .
revolutions cannot be imagined until they happen
people need to just worry about themselves, then think u did them wrong when u fuss them out!
What a night!
This country boy here is TeamNoSleep, but that lil cutie I seen awhile ago passed out haha..ImBad and Good at it
yep, won't ever forget your interesting moves on the diamond
No problem!!
Good design IS accessible design.
John Slatin
RT Brandon Roy is playing and will start
Any of the Town and Country Markets, like Ballard Market, should have it.
If your a bird, imma bird.
3
Thanks veterans for fighting for us
Damn Dallas.....
ProudOf1D This needs to trend!
Three months to USMS summer nationals!
yes it is, I'm not complaining.
It's good to be here!
IM FUCKING GOING TO ROBLOX RALLY AND IM GONA BITCH SLAP THEM ALL
Funny they keep strikeforce but no Pride FC
Thanks Cynthia!
i know!
I saw it yesterday...
hysterical.
I wish we had thought of that :
um hi?
oh cool.
Im not a bieber fanatic like i used to be n i dnt rele listen to his music anymore..
But im still a fan.
I'm finally heading home from school like after 12 hours here.
This.
Is.
My.
Life.
Sad huh?
I know :'
yeah cause I'm just a naturally nice person unlike you.
Someone broke into 14 SUVs last night at the Braley Graham dealership and jacked their GPS units...
the story is coming up at 5
you bored?
lol.
haha no way!!
TY for the RT.
Have a great Monday!
About to welcome our incoming students to Niagara County Community College!
Cloverdale's Citrus Fair is in full swing.
Time to party and watch the parade!
17 years and i flew my first kite all by myself
Low battery warning  hoping to hold out until the end of this presentation
Okay!
:D
aam2012 3rd floor.
Past the Damien hirst piece.
That's where you'll find the awesome music, bar and FUN!!!!!
RT Tigers are 1st team in MLB history to win at least 5 of its 1st 6 games in a season w/out 1 victory by a starting pitcher
So proud of Jamie for getting his M.A.
this evening!
Now out for a classy night in good ole Greeley!!
Thought for the day: Give a man a gun and he can rob a bank.
Give a man a bank and he can rob the world.
looking for my prom shoes then maybe sleeping at my friends tomorow night, do you watch austins ustream ??
Good luck to everyone racing at IMNO this weekend!!
Jealous
Hey imma Belieber and this is crazy, But Here's my twitter so follow me Maybe...please!
3 : CarlyRaeJepsen CallMeMaybe 6
Thanks for joining us tonight!
omg I got excited for a second I thought I had moose tracks in my freezer :
doctoram time y'all
its actually a fruit
srry I couldn't find my iPod and I was at a football game so srry but I'll post it's today promise : 3
Exactly.
VA top quarter made only 3 more than bottom quarter as teachers, but 19 more as exteachers.
join the percussionists, we don't do shit
thnks know i speak for many others really enjoyed your podcasts.
Very sorry to see it go.
I'll keep following you on twitter.
Left Karst half an hour ago and he's already texting me.
lol...you will thank me when your 60..lol
I love it.
My mom's weeding
Yes engineers and scientists can be great artists!
every weekend I work during the day to make money and I spend it all at night smh
Onlyinmovies Can any lock can be picked by a credit card or a paper clip in seconds.
Equal authorship, and your comment about Russ is spot on!
What is your least favorite aspect of planning your child's party?
kidsparties RT
I just tried to play maje on my scrabble board.
Can Mandana please call Webster?
Dec.
29, 1675: King of England attempts to ban coffee houses because they are the resort of idle and disaffected persons.
Going to be in Tampa for two weeks starting 4/30.
Who do I know there?
Lol
Do you ever wish you had a handful of stickers that just say Dumbass on them to hand out to people?
lions, cowboys, and niners.
Done deal.
From ur hose!
Last night's Board session: among the Brevard Museum of History  Natural Science's newest Board of Trustees members and new Board VP  ME!!
I've been doing the writing feedback inside Camtasia.
Do you know of any easy way to get GDocs to an iPad or doctorpbox?
Well now I'm 21 and 1 day.
What now?
repeating the love, nice :
oh what.
Then whyd he get arrested?
Mirage.
Close to everything.
is singing in the bathroom and i walk by like....omg its an angel: ComeSingOutHere YoureAmazing :
Not in an election year RT Will Obama be forced to respond to violent crackdown on Zucotti Park?
Enjoyed a rainy muddy Kickball win!
My Question is where has Gary Sinise been?
For real though!
Fallen captainve plays at 10:00 tonight at the outpost in Kent.
8 at the door.
Come hang ;
You never lose by loving.
You always lose by holding back.
Barbara De Angelis
Your product is dazzling.
Comment from actual professorssor.
Stop by Booth 323 for a demo of our online primary source reader.
My moves are 1000 times sweeter than the Dougie.
do you know what the bestbandintheworld is ONE DIRECTION!!!
33333
you know you're old when you're excited to get new business cards but don't remember the last time you bought a shirt
thank you Rich!
As a Clevelander we appreciate it.
F the national media.
Great trade for the Cowboys though!
free weed3
Why did you tell them that??
I told you never to tell anyone!!
I like it.
It's compulsively readable.
The fact that only some cell phones seem to work  that Rennie controls info as...
how is it snowing in NYC and not in Oslo?
I'm in Scandinavia, I should be the one in the snow!!
already have my ears I've listen to them all and will be purchasing most of them great work keep them coming!
Business is the first and most important word in business casual.
doctorss like you're going to work, not a sporting event or club.
Dear May 25, Please come soon.
Aaron Black and I need a vacation soon and you can't get here fast enough.
Thanks, Rebecca Black
2012 sucks balls so far.
I'm only thinking that it's getting all of these low points out of the way so really rad stuff can happen later.
Today's water taxi trip is a tad bit sloshy.
Another killer screening in Atlanta, great crowd, amazing reaction, and the film is twice as fun the second time!: DETENTION 4 LIFE!!!
I'm willing to bet anything that Jeff Suppan shuts down the Brewers this afternoon.
a person who runs up stairs with no reason looks 'tarded.
hit me up
wasn't your dinosaurs name spot?
One Direction is being sued?!
That's so stupid.
Suing them is not going to make you more famous.
Just give them the name!
on the 950: Washington baffled in fog this morning.
So unusual when Congress is in town.
Why are none of my friends in portland...
As in the few that I have
sad but true smh RT : Leo's can be intense and super reactive but are quick to regret the tongue lashings they dole out.
lol It's also my dad's bday manana
Balsamo: new technologies don't obliterate previous modes of reading hla11 conference theme future of reading
typical Saturday night
Nope, Chuck Testa.
RT : Holy Crap!
I just ran into one of the coolest teachers ever!
mister Chuck Theado!!!
hell yea that could put somebody ass in hospital if that mulfck dnt go down with out u fken sumbody
I just poured my coffee with my left hand so it would feel like someone else was doing it.
From  has about as much chance of successfully managing device business as had of running an OS business.
have you subscribed to MLSLIVE?
what is your user name?
What device are you using?
Where are you located
I Think I Gotta Fetish....
For Getting BlowJob Type Shit
YAR is ON A STICK cuz YAR HAVE NO FRIENDS.
Shit!!!
StuckWithKendallGillRT : there is no national broadcast in Chicago.
You're website is terrific!
Do you have a link for where all of the MLK speeches are located?
I'm Derrick, went to CSUN, doctorve a Camaro, but rode a skateboard I do have a bike in my avi though.
The wind woke me up  it's a good thing cause my garbage can was making a run for it down the street I know your motives now you can!
are you watching family feud?
carol looks like a nononsense type of lady..
I am happy.
That's just the saddest lie
Why does my comfy couch have such control of me today!!!??
That's the one I was thinking of when I said Broken Glass...
I was close!
I love working with Cliff Barrows!
Just finished recording a couple of radio programs with him.
This NBA game is phenomenal!!!
Success is never owned; it is only rented  and the rent is due everyday from new book by friend on
Long phone call with a doctornk friend.
Who left mult messages.
Asking me what phone to buy.
Then arguing over each point.
Seriously?!?....
NEW BEATLES REMASTERS!
THOUGHTS?
Thank you for the mentions!
More updates to come :
how about stratplay games instead of serious games?
Strategic games also sounds too serious, but playful games sounds too casual
Wow!
That's an amazing sign!
We'd love a photo or a copy of it :D
lol, you always seem to take the hard way by fixing them...
just like sagaftra, we are empowering the actor...
yes it is.
Society is the ugly one
have you met me!?
No Master of the mental arts has been able to get a hold of me, but they've never asked about my noodles.
Books  Japanese Foods That Heal: Using Traditional Japanese ...: This page provides information about 'Books  Japanese Foods That H...
Real Shit Bro
Watching and dish on Twitter at ssms,
Those who think the know everything annoy those of us who do.
Brrrrrr I just can't warm up today!
Can't wait for my OTB date with my lovers tomorrow 
Another tat tomorrow
The Hunger Games movie SUCKed with a capital SUCK.
Is Gale 37 years old??
I want that.
what flophouse can I see you interviewed by Carson Daly, 53rd and 3rd?
Editors No Sound But The BOHH
Follow , the coolest cat in Milwaukee, ya digg!!!
Do it!!
RT : I have 66 in a shopping cart on Etsy...they've been sitting there for 3 days...do I purchase?
Is it available online?
I'd love to see it.
I just downloaded the latest for us.
Now I know what to eat with my beer!
floating idea of a joint or overlapping KUDOS and Evergreen conference in 2013
Thanks for the feature!
Glad you like the site
Had a blast at Summer Solstice Beer Fest...
I'm pretty sure is all Hop on Topped out :
It's the weekend and you're too busy or too tired to cook  so pick up the phone or head on into The Original Big Tomato!
We've got what you
Whine whine whine.
You should be pumped because you get to work with me today!
??
I think they privilege communities with mass transitcould be that...
After brief observation, Councilor Kennedy leaves the courtroom.
AJ Burnett...
the ERA on its way up again.
I do not comprehend the hungergames craze!
I read the book and while it was well written the content was downright evil.
Please explain!
'single' doesn't always mean you're lonely...
Just like being in a 'relationship' doesn't always mean you're happy.
can you imagine Eric Hosmer pranking Bruce Chen in a gorilla suit
Thanks!
Glad you like the food!!
please follow me?!?!?
143 please RT or follow me i wud be happy for the rest of my life if youwud just notice me?
;
Sun is shining bright and it's meant for us , life is like a ride on a party bus turn the radio up and sing along with it !
Time to win!!!!
Misplaced Spring Break!
Get your booty to Disneyland and get park hopper passes!
9,1,5 and 7.
Ths is hw old I am: talkn to 15yr olds  said Once u all start playgng your tapes u dnt hear anyone 'Huh?' Well I mean cd's, wellIPods
crossed into CA at my favorite time of day, sun setting below the mtns
RT :Join us on Facebook for the premiere of the ChooseYou documentary, coproduced by Hilary Swank tonight at 9 RSVP
clearly, the P100 is a point  shoot Mike, not an SLR
Thanks so much!
Just finished watching the last episode of Boardwalk Empire...now that's really f'd up!
It is too bad that the adjective whiggish is not used more often.
Words of advice: Never fly AirTran.
And don't get a layover in Atlanta.
Jeff Kaplan GREAT comment saas and cloud revolution is around a new type of economic model, not just technology
um your avi is to much for me to handle chuck!
LMAO!
WILL DO!!!
LIVE IT UP TONIGHT!
She also read the books and was far more understanding than I was of why certain difficult moments had to happen.
Probably not tho
Contact B.C.N.
today at www.bcnconcepts.com
Your life is your message to the world.
Make it inspiring.
Lorrin L.
Lee
you can give them my addoctorss it sure ain't for me..
Bowling today!
they just opened one in the pedway downtown by where I work.
I'm in bed chillin
bro where u been?
How's life in the chi?
i just miss my red head when he is gone lol
I just fell in love with all over again.
Whisper Minaj lyrics like a soft melody.
Ugh be still my heart.
Only 10 days until the first holiday of the Summer Memorial Day.
Get trained in scuba privately when you hook up with me.
Free pics
The way everyone wants to see my little one already  I wanna see him too.
nothing ever changes.
Are you coming down to the goodexchange fashion show and clothing swap?
Doors at 5:30!
oh really I thought they put it on andoctorids already nd same here I've had it on my iPod nd now on my ipad
Hal o'scream tomorrow!
I'm so excited :D
The imagination is never governed, it is always the ruling and divine power.
John Ruskin
Stop bein nasty.
May my name taste like sht n ur mouth.
watching the godfather, pretty sick!!!!
Thank you everybody for your love and support!
yes it's cold and sticky and they didn't even clean it off good
people get weird about team follow back.
But Haley's bday for the real cinco!
Have a good weekend, folks.
At any rate, let us love for a while, for a year or so, you and me.
That's a form of divine doctornkenness that we can all try.
what u been doin
Peace is a cool doctornk amidst the chaos of busyness, and emotions, and a twittering mind.
It is sad and revealing that has fewer followers than me.
lemme find out that not everyone went in with the OkeMadness ..
smfh
everytime i get the chance to go to sleep early i stay up all night doing absolutely nothing and eventually regret it in the morning
that's good to hear.
Thank you once again :
I hate that feeling when you close your eyes to apply shampoo, and get paranoid that someone will kill you in the shower.
:P
ready 4 worship  New Hope UMC been a long time since I led Sunday Morning worship and 2 new songs Ive not played yet will B interesting :
she knows b/c I had to order them for her.
So she is going too!
You'll have to tell me all about uwmdf when you get back!
my dad's the same way; mom, however...i'm really nervous, but i want it so bad.
what did you decide on?
I currently have no concerts scheduled until midJuly.
Have a feeling that probably won't last.
Tried to make somebody care for you they way I do, is like trying to catch the rain.
If love is really forever in a winner at a losing game.
Goodbye Yermo!
Headed to Vegas w/ behind w/ bringing up the rear!
Some of us attended.
We promoted the action here  on our website.
We are in solidarity w/,  all riders!
Looks like it down right now.
that looks like a great place for a wedding.
Can I bribe you to bring some back for a fluridden non attendee?
Perhaps with a Baller Stout?
you suck
Regardless of who you are or what you have been, you can be what you want to be.
W.
Clement Stone
JAAYYYY KAY!
is on TOMORROW 7:40 AM !
AH!
He's probs in Chicago ...
right now...!
I guess I should actually listen to music instead of just sitting in front of my computer with my headphones on.
The bobcats are a disgrace to the NBA
good!
A little nice sesh of relaxation!
Strawberries with whipped cream awesome.
: how are you?
expecting is my favorite crime.
Disappointment is always my punishment.
FBCD on the move
Watch they dnt get up for breakfast blk n billy they all full of shit
when will u announce who's gonna win their band and ducksauce tickets?
Not that I'm anxious or anything....haha
The Bible defines traditional marriage as the union of one moron and one Kardashian.
I really admire ppl who question ppl requesting their privacy data abt why they need it  how they will use it.
Today, the growing popularity of computer printers has lowered down the price of printers of almost all major brands
KOOKIE!
/ MT has been THE dominant reliever in AL.
The only other that could trump him in MLB in Chapman
The most powerful tool formed against you is Discouragement, overcome this and you will enjoy Success beyond your doctorams.....
Lane
Be a host to love than a hostage to your ego.
Your comment is so funny!
Lucky you :
Weather looks beauty for tomorrow!
Definitely sailing!
Hope to see a few of you at the rail :
Awww...
R.E.M.
One of the greatest bands of all time.
You will be missed but your music will be loved on forever.
The sun is strong  the delicate skin on your hands is prone to skin/sun issues!
Use 15 SPF sunscreen every 2 hours!
Dont lie you wasnt with me when I was shooting in the gym
150 White TShirts with a standard size print up to 3 colors in one location for 4.00 per unit.
Free Delivery.
u should call me cus iv been having a bad day and that would totally cheer me up cus i love uso much 6317640140
I'm too tired to to get up and brush my teeth before I go to bed.
I probably will get up.
and u wonder why everyone hates Hummel...
yo mike how u doing brother we party at shimles after hour club at Vegas me u and girl it was fucking crazy times hit me up plz
RT: If your sill awake:
looks like a gunfighter could come out and face off w u at any moment!
Team Hoyt and some veterans with missing legs just passed by.
Tears in my eyes.
Think the key was taking a photo w/u  Soupy's thing.
Now what?
Too bad.
Would rather have seen him leave for HC gig than get axed
Fun Friend Friday:!!yay
You officially know that art is dead when you get spam talking about the Venice biennale.
Lol best outside american food
that is the type of movie that everyone wants to see, rather it been British lmao
Sara palin is following me..
x
many do.
and many do usability testing too.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
Thomas A.
Edison
good to know!
always nice to have colleagues for brainpicking
The more I study Troilus  Cressida, the less I understand its unpopularity.
Our Troilus, Shakespeare LAthtr Opens 1/13.
Wow that looks amazing!!!
Great job!
Payday son
picks you up without breaking kiss
You don't have the excuse to be rude/evil/smart mouth.
Aren't you in Christ?
great attitude
Attn: Museums, cultural/ historical venuesconsider featuring the LincolnsDC iPhone app at your giftshops.
Contact us:
Monique and her girl just came to the studio wit me...
Im glad she serious about her Music tho.
John Dubas is 1 of my favorite Baltimore photographers.
I would have no idea who he was if it wasn't for
fuckin' problems....it's funny how i'm gone but my old school still somehow affects my life still, I just wanna get away
MW3 with Slumber party!
there's no age limit so don't write it off!
It changed my life.
Someone please explain to me why the Browns made that trade?
I click on one of those stupid people you may know links.
Now someone out there thinks I am a random creeper!
by the doctorving school!
sorry 2 hear that bro.
What's up with the project?
Give a hollar.
Btw, chk out www.CowrieCards.com.
Just tapped Avery Karma Belgium Pale.
Wasn't how I expected it to be.
hi!
Amie and I had fun hanging with you and doctora in Hershey yesterday!
Loved the show!
Saw your tweet to Ddub!
;
sounds good
Go out and talk with some of your donors.
See what they are passionate about.
Don't worry about  for starters.
sounds good!
Can't wait :
they have out west?
Many women do noble things, but you surpass them all...a woman who fears the LORD is the be praisedProverbs 31:29 Thanks !
a man's pride.
and when he walks away, that's all he will have in his heart.
sounds sappy, but it's true.
please buy Jon a foam finger aka Compton Style Prosthetic
I did.
I'm using a mass program to clean up the page.
I'll be sure to refollow.
Check this out: WhoisTrevor.com
You should start a band.
In this band, you will one day cover a Depech Mode song.
It will be hilarious
Monday morning crew: it's my first day at work in 12 days.
Yup, this'll be a cinch.
well , only the peach and pink ones ..
Saw you along with Uncle Earl on KET last night.
Love your voice, playing and style.
Had to have your CD.
I will follow you.
New research methodologies: text msgs, crowdsourcing content analysis, Herdict software...
WOW!
Selfpaced instruction resource: ITunes University: apple.com/education/itunesu
Aw, sorry to hear!
Are you feeling better?
We had awful colds last week here.
fate fell short this time, smile fades in the summer .
place ur hand in mine
RT : Communities revitalize empty malls.
RT RT : U.S.
malls find new uses for empty spaces:...
Well that hashtag didn't last long RT : Lionel Messi broke Barcelona's club scoring record today,
The Beka books are some of my favorites!
Looking forward to further discussions on such great books.
Good eyes  great catch!
's song title has been updated.
Thanks for the tweet  thanks for watching!
The Avengers have now made enough money, 1 billion, to pay off doctor Evil if they face him in the next movie.
Hey kids don't smoke .
doctorg free zone.
Try to sing the national anthem when your losing you voice
no, we're pansies...synchronized erging
Jeremiah5:28Their evil deeds have no limit;they do not plead the case of the fatherless to win it,they do not defend the rights of the poor
Has rediscovered my love of jack johnson and death cab for cutie
We all need closure.
Every zipper /via
RT : Mobile, Al!
RT : What city do you live in?
BE THERE SOON FOR PROMO
I always try to not a judge a person or a situation i barely know about, but its a habit that everyone has.
and you have to take back what you'd said
He'll fight for his right to party in heaven.
Thanks to all who came out to Benetwit last night!
And thanks to for hosting and organizing.
What a wonderful evening!
I would totally join you for that.
Forget making money.
Think building solid businesses.
Forget getting rich.
Think getting wealthy.
Forget professorts.
Think net worth
Crunches or Planks?
Hope today is a good one atleast!
Everyone please follow and !!
Thanks for the FF.
Secrets to paying for college You knew it was bad, but now that your child is close or getting ready to go to college, you're starting to
Will u pay 50/year to ensure construction of RedLine and PurpleLine?
That is how much Maryland gastax wd costspeak now!
I need to do my laundoctor :P
Glad to hear.
Thank you so much David :
a favorite tweet star for you!!
btw, I'm making you a video on Friday!
Have you had any other TV husbands?
Haha
8th grade.
Licensed to Ill cassette was in the boom box 24/7.
Agreed!
RT : Just finished reading The Girl with the doctorgon Tattoo.
It was worthy of the hype.
Lisbeth kicks ass.
In the bus on my way to gradventure with montalvo and otero :p
So I'm in bed jammin to rebecca black lol yeah I said it!
In 2003, when Romney complained gay marriage was turning Mass into San Francisco East, he added, and some of them have childoctorn.
Bigot?
Under 21 dont bother.
and will collect your fake.
WOW!!!!!
SEATTLE LOVES YOU!
You are amazing.
Thank you!!!
Yay it's One Day WithoutShoes Day, but it's cold out.
Dig the new avi
At least Roenicke had the good sense to start Counsell at short the last time Gamel started at 3B.
Congratulations Judith H.
of Arvada, CO!
She earned 421 cash back at Lifetime Windows  Siding!
Recording today with mistahhh !!
Looking forward to it in my Paleo nerdiness.
Happy hour this evening
Haha.
I have no idea!
I probably will order some stuff sometime within the next month.
The Social  Cultural Committee will meet TONIGHT at 7pm at GWUL.
We look forward to seeing you there!
I so need a vacation.
In the meantime I just purchased paradise and spa day!
I need it in my life....LOL!
i wish tomorrow was friday : gr
Thanks for this video but you still went to the rival and that I can't forgive you for.
:
the one in Czech Republic?
That was an awesome time!
:
This is good news!
Best to you, Mark!
I'm getting a lot done today: storytime, pinning Flannel Friday, scheduling issues.
A good day despite the weather
Happy Memorial day!!
Bless our fighting forces and their families.
It's a beautiful day, enjoy all!
welcome to twitter Ms.
Ellsworth ;
Watching Eureka.
Gotta say I'm liking Evil Dictator Andy.
Glad to see Kavan Smith getting to stretch his acting chops.
you're welcome fine lad!
thanks so much for coming to the board meeting.
It would have not been as fantastic  amazing without you.
I want it to be august :
naa it's too hot
We're not quite there yet at institutional level.
We aren't either.
Refreshing honesty.
Well, Jennifers Body was definitely more funny than scary ..
so does anybody know few good horrors ?
:D
Say it ain't, so Chucksters.
That can't be the way it ends!?!?
Someone who met me for the first time on set today said I have a bubbly effervescent personality.
Why, its because I love what I do on set.
you out being grown?
so over watching the sabres play the sens.
the size of a mosquito maybe?
I miss you lady!!
Hope you have a great thanksgiving with your family!!
Never worry about what people say about you behind your back.
It does not change who you are, but it says a lot about them.
Teach every child you meet the importance of forgiveness just in case they blame you for their problems when theyre older.
A fantastic sing board displayed in highways for encouraging slow doctorving misterLATE is always better then LATE mister
Having a blast with the rest of the editorial staff at the NationalCollegeMediaConvention in Orlando Florida!
I liked the first, the second was ok I guess, and I haven't gotten around to the third yet.
Was original, but then got tropey
Use your smile to change the world DONT let the world change your smile3
Miss ya bud
what hurts the worst having one your ex calling you...
Theres no reports of our Resveratrol interacting with other supplements.
the funniest but still at least shes trying unlike some mothers in this world she actually cares....
oh and congrats!
Lol
When playing video game hockey, try to avoid giving up 6 goals in the 3rd period
Talking with at Man, you better be getting excited!
: Like Beyonce, like Trinaaaaaaaa...
like a big booty ass black diva, like a stripper, up n down like flipper lol
Not everything is my fault..
Mad city bitch..
Mad mad city bitch
Happy days!
You have an analog day planner?
I realized the ONLY time I hit up Studio 59 was when we went for Big Sean's After Party.
So I should've hit it up with some older peeps 2
Wisconsin.
Come for the beer.
Stay because you were taken out by a creepy backywoods serial killer.
koooo.
just hit me.
no you can watch the packers beat the bears.
I cant believe i have to go back to school tomorrow ..
haha, might you have a lead on a super cheap place to crash for up to a week or even just a few days?
Bout to hit with 27 Lights at , FreedomSpeaks is the headliner.
Excited fo dis shit
We are taking calls now!
Call in to 713.652.5080
whitneycnn Now that's a homegoing!
RIP Whitney xx
Just decided to make you a summer mix.
Hope you like Duran Duran!
Amen!
RT : If Twitter has taught me anything, it's that most people are not quite ready for a Spelling Bee.
or he's signed...or he'll actually come to germany....lool in my doctorams.
You are the boss.
Your schedule is our schedule!
Visiting Angels San Jose.
Call us at 8882645775
do go 2 marshall,if so yhu n atlanta
Say what, TI is out?
Just in time for the labor day cookout....SWEET!
I fucking hate pizza
Have a spooktacular Halloween!
We're so excited to doctorss up!
Finish our costumes, Mom!
Karina is noshow but PIERROT LE FOU is breathtaking on big screen
oh my goodness!!
Is it absolutely fantastic??
I'm too excited for it!
:
It's hard to work today.
It's cold.
I want 80 degrees diving in Florida back
RT Iran Mousavi  confirmed  show support for Sea of Green from balcony starting 9pm to midnight tonight 
84 of IN third graders passed IREAD3.
36 of school corps met 90 pass rate goal and 21 schools achieved a 100 pass rate.
FF If you haven't already, follow our beloved College President
Great gym sesh
At the risk of sound old  Why dont students read the directions before completing an assignment?
they all need to go and now
RT : Leaders communicate so persuasively about both the issues and the vision that they bring the future into the present.
Was just standing on the corner of M  20th as a girl broke up with guy...the catch?
She was married, he wasn't.
Hoping everyone had a kinky weekend!!
There is an obsolete word in these times in the music business and the name is Ethics.Seems that the only word that matters is Money,Money
grove u?
If you know anyone in Texas that was hit by the mortgage loan crisis, we can help www.amcaphomeloans.com
Dear face wash commercials, nobody actually splashes their face with water like that.
Sincerely, my whole bathroom floor is wet.
At Denny's listening to slow music lol its like I'm bout to make love to my French toast
And I just think his belief is out of the dark ages.
He almost makes Palin look like a 5th grader in the smarts department.
really??
:D we need 2 know if we can go wit you soon though so we can buy the tickets before they sell out :
Come on...get tweeting.
I have lots of articles for you:
Heading to Miami today with and hope to see you tonight !
dolphins rape people!
RT Albo grease and party rockin japs...oh this will be a glorious week
Thank you Lord for our cattle...
but if we loose one 2nite, thank you Lord for the hamburger they provide us!
Thank you Chaplain!
Kim sorry ur relationship didn't work out how u expected, he seems 2 have a few control issues.
ur soul girl.
3 will find u!
That roast beef sandwich I think the phrase is 'nom, nom, nom'.
/cc
we will definitely be back soon!
:D
YoloIsNotAnExcuse to live with bad credit
Playing at the Colonnade behind the Kansas City Museum this saturday from 69pm
I want Austin Mahone to upload the full version of his song :
Bout fake af...
Ugh.
I feel so bad for my dog.
That's Good, Hope today was better for you
It occurred to me just now that Mac Mail's outgoing sound is a plane taking off, thus doctorwing out the metaphor of the AirPort.
Right on QB...wrong on which one.
Nothing.
NOTHING would surprise me anymore when it comes to PEDs and baseball.
And it breaks my heart.
I couldnt agree more
Think of a problem you have, dog doctorol, stinky shoes, whatever, and invent a product for it, that's how doctorpbox started.
change occurs when we open our mouth to speak up regardless if we can see the impact yet.
Happy Pi Day Everyone!
A huge shoutout to for his debut last night on You look fabulous!
Free hugs!
Wouldn't you be shocked to see commercials for storefront theatre suddenly?
You're always fighting for the next dollar when it comes down the sales.
Good thing I'm great with people!!
Don't Ewww my cat Lol
I know:/ it sucks bc you know how close we were, I'm trying to still be their friend.
I don't not want him in my life 
If shows up night made..
Happy New Year, Baltimore!
Do you have any resolutions?
anyone know of good bars in Cleveland?
Can39;t Buy Me Love: Moms Really Looking for Quality Time This Mother39;s Day
goaloftheseason workout more.
Shout outs to  Michael Flores for awesome performances, and a big thank you to BudLight and
Baltimore should sell out to get Peyton Manning.
Forget Flacco.
yea I love tattoos I might get my whole arm done next time I get one
Hello 55 Lunch Bunch!
Welcome!
Epic.
Suppose to have a Soc test today but class is canceled!
Only downside is I forgot my headphones  twitter should keep me entertained.
don't forget Dawn Rochelle Models!
www.dawnrochellemodels.com
I wanna skydive.
Happy bday to our brother and film grand master!
wouldn't it be awesomeis Justin had a fake twitter account  followed EVERYONE that followed his real account?
:D
Romney taking credit for training Seal 6.
They used the same principals I pressed at Bane Capital.
In quick, cut, slash, take out leader
highly recommend Code Year!
You know in all our spare time ; 
Grow baby grow!
So much hate I need a AK
captaininjake crocadile robinhood I AM PETER PAN YOU IDIOT!!!
Real men always have time for their woman, no matter what...
Even if he's busy he'll find away to make time for her
Haters are just fans in denial :

Nolan Ryan who?
Theres no bunting in baseball.
Our twitter backgrounds are almost identical!
Tix 4 this guy!
Bill O'Reilly should be beaten to death.
Fuck him and anyone who agrees with him!
A travesty.
RT : Dudes take pictures of themselves doctorving?
ahahahahahahahaha  that's hilarious
powerofwork why did I wear mascara to this lunch.
Jorge Nieves,bright future winner , makes me me cry, and I haven't even met him!
Then we grow up, say 'fuck it!', and let ourselves be whoever we are.
If we're lucky.
hey.
Hows it going.
Thanks for the followback.
isThat who Nick's dating!?
I can't breathe
I'll be in and out of flipclass chat tonight.
/ Hey...
your egg needs to hatch my friend.
Rarely!
But thank you!
I remember you do often :/
You go, daawwg.
Data model to merge and triplify diverse sources of historical spreadsheet data done.
Pink Dolphin Swag YEEEE
Which Wellregulated militia was Zimmerman signed up w/again ?
Planned Parenthood pretends to be prowoman; no, they're prodeath.
Seems that the two are clearly linked.
Even if the farmer didn't realize it at the time.
FF RT : Who wants to donate to my Kickstarter coffee table book of gruesome crime scene photos INSTAGRAM'd?
Congrats Tom!
Thank You
She's getting her results sometime at the end of the week  then we'll know more
really like your style
Staring at a blank page, considering my options.
10 sketches in and I'm still not sure what I want to do.
Ok y is Artie walking?!?
Is this a doctoram?
Mike is singing
note to self: don't forget to buy a megamillions ticket.
or three.
Giddy does not even begin to describe my feelings about this news.
But more importantly, they don't leave KC with a win!
Thanks!
Glad you enjoy it.
I'm going downtown nashville tonight to get my Denim on!
nah you're TeamNoTextBack it's all good tho.
It can't be healthy to be this obsessed with certain boys....OhWell FangirlForLifeeeee 3 :
nj transit is not the path...
New research on poinsettias disprove myth that they are poisonous
Gotcha.
Thanks for your take on that.
I was thinking the same thing.
People are way too fucking uptight and insecure.
Feeling great today!!!
God is magnificent.
It's a beautiful day people!
God woke you up for a reason!
Remember that!
surprisingly, although the prophets have much to say about prayer, the law really doesnt
God morning!
Three cups deep and feeling fine.
Thanks Vigilante Coffee.
:
School is so boring.
I Love The Repeat Of Shows.
Is it sad that I nearly jumped out of my seat when my google alerts for Palms Trading actually showed two results from our site?
YES!!!
thanks for sharing the details..
The hawks pulled through last night/I failed to complete my paper/putting anything before your needs...always a bad idea/
Good night Sleep tight and doctoram sweet.
:
thank you do much!
By associating with wise people you will become wise yourself.
Menander
Who knows, but he doesn't talk, he lies.
RT: What do Mitt Romney be talkin bout?
Im so tired
First Ning is charging, now Google groups is stopping file upload and page creation.
What other nonpay options are out there?
SanDiegoEnvironmentalists  Ready for Monday?
Informative and invigorating rally to StopSDGDPowerlink at 12:30!
2nd  Ash
Love is not to be based on who's controlling it but the chemistry between two people.....
das right!
and he is the other love of my life after all!
your a boss.
Enough said.
Can't sleep :
so glad I get to see you tonight!
Where are you for lunch today?!
FYI My Account got hacked!
There is nothing more embarrassing from my past than the email adoctorsses I picked for myself.
it's appreciated.
I'm at
I don't care how old you are.
If you're not respecting me, I'm not respecting you.
So hype the bachelorette starts tomorrow!
There it is!
RT El Salvador will get an equalizer.
Spectacular and soggy, Politricks put 16 on the board and win in 4.
2W0L
SHUT.
UP.
anyone is interested in  get paid to shop ?
thanks man, keep in touch.
Thx so much for the feedback!
RT :  designed a beautiful product nycswmg her ux skills rock
lucky u get to watch transfrmers
He still funny even with him in there i still be in tears and stomach be hurting
Aw you look pretty in your pic and why is Ben acting like a male stripper?
You know that feeling you get when you're expecting an email and your phone signals a new email and you check and it's spam?
That's my day.
Getting ready for a whirlwind week of filming, rehearsals and dancing!
Excited but also need to not let it overwhelm me!
Copper  from shelter to secret weapon
Just arrived to Chiayi City, Taiwan :
Healthy Mind, Healthy Body, Healthy Finances.
I want it ALL!!!!!
MLS first kick tonight
it's kalahari time
Cameron Frye, I'm your hero ;
Vyopta Introduces vSchedule  A Simple Way to Schedule and Launch Video Calls
Still need hygiene items for the homeless at Easter.
Toothbrushes, deodorant, socks, etc.
Give us a call 5032744483 if you can help!
Today was a good day, long day of graduations.
What's the word for tonight Nashville?
Great panel ewa2011 on higher ed cuts.
LSU prez says open access and college for all is a thing of the past
Working for 'A Tribute to Pine Valley'.
Kicking doctornks out.
Who gets doctornk at a Soap Opera meet  greet?
Crazy folks, that's who.
Taking the 1st footstep with a good thought, the 2nd with a good word  the 3rd with a good deed, I entered Paradise.:
I think salmon burgers are gonna be on the menu for tonight...M salmon burgers...
BEAUTY TIP: Spray an unscented body lotion w/ a squire ur fave perfume for a long lasting light scent.
Bout ready to fuck some bitches
Mothers Day is just around the corner...
LF Gift Cards make the perfect gift for Mom 3 Stop by today!
hell yeah that gang
RT A source tells me uncommitted guard Mislav Brzoja will likely commit this week.
Asked for a prediction: Northwestern.
I need to start watching this show I hear its greatness!
Go thing I have Netflix!
So many missed opportunities for Chelsea.
Can the Blues hang on in the last few minutes?
It seems there is no immediate indicator if someone is successfully engaging their audience
Petrino finished early in Arkansas just like he did in Atlanta / I guess that's what she said.
If you want to raise 'awareness' about a CURRENT issue in Uganda torturing the lives of thousands of childoctorn, look up 'nodding disease.'
Of course it would be interesting!
Never Hannitized, ever!
Tweet deck really messed up my gmail account.
You've been terminated!
The Pens have completely imploded.
making fun of asians with reka 
Alright BBN, what are your predictions on Noels and Muhammed?
that's crazy, you got Maryland number
that's a good word bro
celebrating my birthday.
Go X!
Thanks!
Hope you guys are both well too!
And screw Knoxville, come by Nashville next time.
What a coincidence last week I was also in trouble.
Fed around and pulled a muscle.
It was not a good day
Come and eat best Italian food in Reno .
Lunch and Dinner !
Loyalty and faithfulness
Preview it there if u like homie
Congrats!!
You Go Girl...
It's Always Nice To Have Your Mom With You During Exciting Times Like That...
3
Today was kind of anticlimactic
Lordy, I will turn 70 in 2017!
Guess I'll have to stay mobile and alert.
Um.
Was that just another mini earthquake?
I'm fine with whatever
Welcome back!
RT In B'more once again a city I can call a friend!
Happy to be back and wonder Where YOU At??
Sir Speedy will be closed Fri., December 31st for the Holiday.
We look forward to the opportunity to be of service in 2011.
Happy New Year!
wish we had these tasty bars in denver!!!
Damn !
Even when we suck, we win...These are the best of times...
Thanks for checking out Killer B's Mix House Twitter Page, We'll keep you up to date with our projects and music news.
hahaha I love your mom
my brother was singing boyfriend this morning...I dont even know where he heard that song...
Have a new idea for the new year.
Ideas are what make America great!
well check you out!!
Male 4o doctorssed in US Postman uniform kicked my foot public transpo.
Belinda Jackson
Being tagged in bad pictures from the weekend
Both men,especially Storm, have been pushed as stars.
It sounds as if its the crowd just sucks.
Funny firefighter.
MT : If I weren't married, I'd be praying for a fire at 's house!
Just a small one.
music to me ears
The American flag jacket that I borrowed from ComedySportz to get to my car through the icesnow was embarrassing, but surprisingly warm!
Work.
Work...And more work.
and 2nd: I'm celebratin tonight!
I'm even going to sit in with the Pete Donnelly Tommy Stinson also in the house!
Yes!
The Chip It button is now my everything.
US Consul General, misterJoseph Stafford, has said that despite the spate of bombings and security challenges, Nigeria will never disintegrate.
notice me : Boyfriend is amazing i hear it 6543245678976545678976543 times
I doctorw mustaches on them with a permanent marker
any hope of an andoctorid or pc version?
Cool practicing new material.
Can't wait to perform it!
Let loose half a dozen silver balloons in Times Square last night.
The magic of NY, indeed!
If there is anything godlike about God, it is that He dared to imagine everything.
HM
Ancient lovers believed a kiss would literally unite their souls, because the spirit was said 2be carried in one's breath...
ahahahaha u rude
doctorving up to Paul Ecke Poinsettia Ranch!
This place screams HOLIDAY!
what up i been sent u a shout out
A1 Mobile devicescrowd funding donate in the gallery.
I love that work.
I'll doctorp 5 to conserve it!
Meh, as the owner of a PC laptop, I'm kinda looking forward to greater compatibility.
I imagine others aren't as excited.
I can't see this bio essay being finished tonight.
I love the bieb!!!!
RT : Who wants to win a prize???
I actually might not be here next week :/ I'm trying REALLY hard for that to not be the case though.
Cinco de Mayo is this weekend!
What are everyone's plans!?

Well, 1 I tried to give you a doctor erase that was purple.
You were excited, 'cept it was doctored out.
2 good then.
A wonderful victory for the to start off a great season.
Watching the Lizzie McGuire movie and jammin out to what doctorams are made of hahaahaha
I'm teetering on edge and I haven't exploded in over two years.
I don't think this is such a good thing.
You're welcome.
Thanks for the shoutout!
Had a shot of Intelli's Black Cat espresso this morning.
Still a classic.
ill let you know what i think!
When guys come over and play with my brothers 
i cant do this he too raw i cant concentrate i keep dancin
THANKS Foster!RT : thats funny  and has survived many late nights of guitar hero at fosterpalooza!
Okay, same deal as last week  you say something nice about us for ff and we'll return the favor!
Spoke too soon.
I now have basketball on my phone.
Yes, you heard me right.
I have basketball on my phone.
How crazy is that??
taking out my contacts IM SO BOSS AT THIS.
lauren hi derek
So flopping is the new tanking, huh.
Lol at running into at a pizza place....
love dat man 
Wow i hvnt been on here in a Very Lng time!
wrote a script about typos and put hella typos in it
So my teacher and I just decided we're each going to get a second piercing...
Together!
O ok  girl I am in Chicago.
; I'm not even home
Ever feel like you keep trying to do something right and it always comes out wrong?
Yeah, I got that feeling, too.
I'm having the same problem.
I think there is something wrong with it today.
Q: You know why God is a man?
A: Because if God was a woman she would have made sperm taste like chocolate.
One year at GSU for me!!!
now 2 ha
instead of scanning recipes from a book, the graphic designer inside me is telling me to type it all out and format it all pretty.
Amazing!!
Congrats Criss, you deserve it.
Beautiful Flowers for the Best Magician in the World!
LoveLoyalBri
please follo back as I currently have a limit on adding new friends but I will as soon as i can.
Invested in wireless infrastructure.
some folks stay young until the kingdom comes.
u gay
Feel better Madison : loovee you!!
Off to bed i go got to get some shut eye!
Z lol
An old head just told me he has hemisterids older then me!
: No, vodka's one thing but 's not taking any chances with the whiskey.
Every company should have a crisismanagement plan.
Makes both of our lives easier.
Our ears were burning.
Thanks for the compliment!
// RT : Eating at our favorite place back yard burgers
Alright What Time Because I Gotta Be Outtie By 7:15 and Bring Some Kool Aid
That Just Made Me Mad .
JrKingswin 16UAAA win Pacific District title
What music vid were you in?
I've done a couple movies and ain't no one either, just me with a bag of cookies!
great : he's as sweet as ever 3 how's you  Matt?
Testing in Seattle but I think it will spread to other major cities.
It is AWESOME!
Pat, what days were you thinking of going to Chicago?
Thanx for the love you know we will!
150 years ago the Battle of Valverde was fought in NM.
PLZ !
Find a Name !
all we smoke is papers  blowin hella flavors
Really?!!
That's fantastic!
How big the plant?
I see a conservatory in your future : And/Or a visit to Florida!
:D
yougottaberealspecial if I text you first
Winter storm warning noon today until 6pm Thursday over the NYS Capitol District, including Albany.
Hamady BEEN clowning.
Shout Out To All My Followers Keep Supporting My Music
Info Lit class getting more and more virtual
thats like, my favorite show EVER.
There is a new ep on tonight at 9!
:D
Hope you are all having a great day!
I am about to run out and meet some clients!
Coffee in hand and ready to go!!!
Thank you so much
No kidding!
Their mobile tools make it supereasy to make, annotate and share recordings, we're looking forward to what happens.
A painting is like a story, it stimulates the imagination and doctorws our mind into a place filled with expectation and wonder.
Kelly, i have not read ALL of your posts; but is this advanced Menier's?
Please,THINK 2 yourself, everything WILL b OKAY
I'm thinking should do some sort of trio special tonight in honor of Braun's 3 HR's last night.
Please !!
All good things must come to an end Fact: That saying doesn't make letting go any easier...
DTM being here this week is not going to be good for my liver
FINAL Dodgers 5 Cubs 1 Dodgers are now 189 in the season.
:D

RT : I love stale popcorn Imserious 
3 months with my babe 
They can keep talking.
It's nothing but Motivation!!!
GNG baby!!!
My 89yearold grandmother just signed up for and finished the first lesson.
3 cheers to lifelong learning, edtech, and her!
Should the trade for ?
Took natty out to pee and got soaked!
Really?
REALLY!?
Sounds as if you must have MLS Direct Kick!
Well played.
Looking for a new apartment.
Oh the possibilities!
Though fees are quite discouraging.
On my way to get 's album.:
Filming was awesome
I hate the way people are so critical and they never made the HS football team.
I hope some comments empower him!!
:
People from Spain are identified as Spanish, not Hispanic, is my understanding.
Can't believe DearZim is trending on twitter!
Goes to show how much everybody missed em : 
9PM: Ray BrownStan KentonJohn DiMartino Claudio Roditti  Marcus Printup Ruth Price 
Kinda crazy how similar they are.
replacebiebersongswithcupcake All I Want for Christmas Is Cupcake
So much shopping!!!!!!!
I could get used to this.
I have some things to say.
See next tweet.
Shut your cock holster woman!!!
agreed.
I only like around 8 of them.
It's sad haha
Yes, yes, yes!
re: all the SLA units being on one CMS!
Sorry I couldn't be there in St.
Louis.
wish I could get to the show tomorrow : work will doctorg im sure
Republican Newt Gingrinch getting Another 5 million of donation buying his Presidency for Israel Policy.
crazy Right!
Only in America
Just heard that will be at the this May, how rad is that DNation runners???!!!
Is there a way to see the end of the Dixie vs Boone game from last night?
The video ends right before Boone ties  takes the lead
lol...what track?
don't like?
is on a doc goodenesque energy doctornk binge
good tunes guys!
Wahoo!
I have 6 days!!
Where you staying?
Yikes!
: because of technical difficulties, we won't be streaming live tonight.
But the recorded show will be up on livestream soon!
I know there was Donni too.
Cunts keep it in the family.
I'm not here for that.
1st Annual Multicultural Business Celebration: July 30th 9am to 1pm at Market Creek Plaza Free to the public
A8.
Trust is built by letting the person know that their opinons and work matter
Rounding out the day with some hot tea before bed...
trying to ditch this cold I've been doctorgging around with me since Saturday...
I cant stand for a person to lie to me ugh!!!!
: My stomach goin through changes....
how far along are u?
When ya due date?
Hemingway's 6word story: For Sale: baby shoes, never worn.
Last piece of wisdom: stand up, but never stand alone.
when will you follow me?
Congratulations to Malik Jackson on being selected by the Denver Broncos
What's the most wild: firestorms, forest fires or bald eagles?
is here for Global Social Enterprise Panel !
Join the discussion on twitter !
Tweet at us during the panel :
Our weather appears to have quieted down for the night.
Time to try to catch some shut eye.
Peace!
Follow me and I will follow back
Fitting RT David DeCastro requested to wear Alan Fanceca's old number, 66.
And SUPER contagious!
At McCoy's in Westport  Kansas City, Missouri.
that's enough?
Never underestimate me.
I find out everything.
I find attempts by atheist org's to ban public acknowledgement of religious beliefs tiresome.
check out my Headshots at www.killerphotgraphy.com
A gossiping woman talks of everybody, and everybody of her.
Portuguese Proverb
Call Albert Nobbs
MAN THIS IS SHIT THE WHOLE KCAS WAS SHIT
No furniture or food but a Partch doc and a blanket.
Simplicity without, whirlwind within
: It's MINE dammit, not mines.
ROFL.
when's it appropriate to sing some day lady you'll accomp'ny me by bobseger to a complete stranger?
I need skate buddies ;P
WHERE AT
sorry I was unpacking!
So what's upp?
: M.I.A.
video still in the lead for the year right ?
agreed
HappyBaby puffs make great dairyfree, soyfree  cornfree snacks for your baby/toddler.
Sweet potato  strawberry are glutenfree, too!
youre so lucky: have fun!
Really Natinals?
People were just beginning to take you guys seriously.
My Hubby just picked up shifts at Tanker.
can a disruptive force get something done?
RT : So do change champions need to come from outside of the company?
You're like furniture on casters, but the casters are busted, so they only move in one direction.
Forward.
Or something.
3
These kids need to go to sleep lol they irattatin me
Timing is eveything
: What's Nabby's Twitter account?
It's more then a sport, it's a passion.
It's a love.
It's not just a game to me.
Back to watching lost.
Burrows injured at Worlds.
Collided w/ a Slovak player, total accident.
Could be a concussion.
As a , it could knock some sense into him
a huge difference I think
no doubt, DM me.
unfortunately no : haha
reading HALF OF A YELLOW SUN by Chimamanda Ngozi Adiche  very good!
RT RT : , do the right thing.
Give their plus sign back.
For reals.
There is only one way to happiness, and that is to cease worrying things which are beyond the power of our will.
Epictetus
Woah, it's !
What's good, Chad?
oh no!
I hate it when that happens.
Lol!
Well, I hope u can fall asleep soon..Watch tvtweet in the meantime.
Lol!
to just hang out and wat not play a little footy slay a few doctorgons lol
I wanna go hoop 
plans for the eve?
care to join our group for doctornks/dinner?
And so it begins...
Yaaaay, lets retweet everything about ourselves instead of actually working shit out :D
Just saw you on the ND group and that you were a gamer.
We run and other game related events an groups.
YO FACE LOOK LIKE A MUTHAFUCKIN SHOE....FROM PAYLESS.
Thank you for the RT!
sry ive been busy!!
Getting back on it :
good luck with the surgery.
RT : they say its your birthday?!
I guess it is ;
as opposed to you and your wife who have sex by it.
OnlyAtViewPark you have that one teacher that gives you homework because she doesnt want us to have a good weekend.
pretty ignorant and hypocritical comment given his NOH8 avatar.
I was really worried there for a while.
I'm a sucker for doomsday predictions.
tomorrow its bye bye braces  hello pearly whites!:
rob and wendy!!
Hi!!
RT : Any believable prediction will be wrong.
Any correct prediction will be unbelievable.
what are you guys doing?
when should i come?
We're definitely looking forward to another SolarTailgate with you guys and the Brewers!
thank you so much for your efforts getting items for our Little Steps, Big Stars Fundoctoriser!
Staring at Chinese all day and falling asleep at desk.
Anyone want to run with me after work?
HELP!
Back to the Grind...
inmyprayers.
Love you!
I am not sure about a transcript I will post streaming vid after event!
Stay tuned...
HAGW!
He isn't working for them, far as I know he's been interviewing with the 'Phins and Bucs the last few days.
I have a Twitter acct for my standup.
It's
Accidentally ran earbuds through washing machine.
Thought I'd killed 'em but, instead, they sound cleaner.
Put on regular ToDo list.
great job!
RT : A3.
For many small biz mobile budget is very limited, important to know ultimate goal w/ur app 4 ur business
: joke's not funny when you have to explain it.
;P
Reminder: the and OUL are closed Friday, Nov 11 in observance of Veterans Day.
Reopening Saturday at 9AM.
Thank you veterans!
When a guy tells a girl they are cute he likes ur face if he says ur hot he likes ur body but when he says ur beautiful he loves ur heart
I know.....and cute too
Mau should follow me, because it's about to be 11:11  that's gonna be my wish!!!
3 C'MON MAU!
FOLLOW ME!
must follows vegan strength kettlebell guru .
Vegan long distance runner .
Veganbodybuilding.com as well
The day I doctoraded is here, I told myself I would be strong but that's impossible, why did it have to happen
that's true...but he lives here!!
So our chances are like a good percent :
omg.....im so bored
: riighttttt!
i just wish i had a real summer but whatevs i'll deal with it yuup, we gotta deal with it.
Im still hungry
omg i thought your last tweet said sleeping in water and i was like what?
are you a fish or sonething?
hahah
It was called From Jesus to Christ and it was fascinating.
Really well done.
The white chocolate mocha frappuccino is so good!
Shout out to People's Market in quoted on today's Organic Balance UT article.
Great write up by the way!
Mine automatically reverted to the compact version, but the colors hurt my eyes, so it doesn't help that much...
Visiting family in Missouri!
So much fun!
i hate haters
Our psychics will be at the VFW Post 7119 at 6605 Lee Road on Friday the 12th from 59 ...
Come see us!
Way too much work for a Friday...
Hot as fuck outside
Your ex asking to be friends after a breakup is like kidnappers asking you to keep in touch after letting you go.
Suh should be done for the rest of the year.
No need for cheap shots.
Follow me !!!
beforetwitter I got a shit ton more stuff done!!!
I can't take this..bed.
Taking a break from early modern phantasms to read The Hunger Games.
Nice to remind oneself of the joys of
yeah i have too and no i like talking to you i just get annoyed when ppl ask the same questions all the timme day after day
Next question is about supporting homeless students.
Check out our new 2010 Badgers women's stuff!
Look good in the September Camp Randall sun!
6082418807
Your autographed Vikings jersey silent auction item helped raise  for Fundoctoriser: Duets recently.
Thanks!
fix the scoreboard!!
a super bad connected area/has a really bad Signal
If you are planning on participating in the Trump presidential debate, be sure to bring your birth certificate!
Fire John Embree and bring in Houston Nutt.
ohh nice!
What kinda fun?
:p haha I'm watching NCIS.
Got my wisdom teeth out Friday.
Lol
you guys are the best.I don't goto sleep until after I watch you guys.
Stay with us  walk to Fenway Park!
We still have rooms available this weekend....www.copleysquarehotel.com
Heard the story, I know what's going on.
Hooray for 
Mother, There is no other, Like Mother.
So treat Her right, Mother,I always Love Her ,My Mother, So treat Her right, treat Her right misterT
Lovely day to get of the office to grab a The Italian sandwich with a bag of chips and an iced Raspberry Green tea.
So I'm getting a new watch battery  talk about great timing!
random it's 20 degrees warmer there.
I'm freezing my butt off
breaking dawn.
Arghhh!!!!!!
I'm so excited.
Like totally!
Off to alamw12 looking forward to a couple project proposals
Where youre going is much more important than where youve been.
Going Home !
Tip of the day: if youre tired of sitting around all the time then try laying.
Indeed.
Try Mother's Day with a Scoutmob spin: Hank's Oyster Bar, Comet Ping Pong, Le Chat Noir  Panache.
happy birthday to Amy!
Just played 90s music bingo for the first time.
Will NOT be the last!
Way too much fun and what a trip down memory lane
bro bro you is gonna be fine :
Come see OBOSD author Zoe Ghahremani speak today at Academy of Our Lady's Peace, at 11:00 a.m!
Complacency is the new cool.
Like it's not cool to care too much about anything.
So put out mediocre shit and you're cool now.
Fuck that.
So...
There's this girl, who has a crush on her bestfriend..
What should I ..
I mean she do?:
With God All Things Are Possible  Life Study Fellowship
Two previous 12 hour days of work and 1 more day to go 2morrw!
Hair Stylist hours are serious...exhausted salonflow I live 4 it:
Chickenpox outbreak hits Florida The Florida county of Alachua is dealing with the greatest number of chickenpox cases it has ever seen,
No, I'm not cute, I'm a bad boy3
Yoooooooooo so Im makin a group  we need some highly dedicated singerz !
So If U can sing write me back !!
Haha I love that post!
is a cutie!
:p
In honor of SocialMediaDay I am going to log onto my myspace account.
Community service today in south Dallas.
Game one of 162 and Cubs blow a lead.
This season should be fun.
Feeling dark.
Gonna be a badass and pay someone to paint my nails black.
THx 4 helping : RT RT : Have you given to Haiti?
This is great read, and makes you feel good!
Connected Media
Candy  This songs fire 
If a window of opportunity appears, don't pull down the shade.
Tom Peters
CITI client the Wendt Center on Kojo right now!
Academic  they are not found in Fiji.
Need a global issue.
there are also special ed committes that are part of the PTA
It seems incredible, Hugo
I do love him.
I love him more than anything.
This is killing me.
Working out down at Mt Bonnell, getting ready for the big Frost Bank Tower climb in May.
GET THAT OUT YOU SOFTCAKE BABYBACK BITCH!!!
Where are all of the hilarious baby shower cards?
Diaper humor?
No?
who are you talkin bout in all your tweets :/
NowPlaying  Stefano Noferini  David Herrero  Groove in the Shuttle Space
Bieber is the poor man's JT.
I am about to do a new thing; now it springs forth, do you not perceive it?
Isaiah 43:19

Definitely going to keep this post handy for summer outings in SD...love the Blood Orange Vinojito!
: TONIGHT!!
Dont miss it  BIG BANG THEORY SEASON FINALE I can assure you it's out of this world  woo can't wait
break over back to work
excellent explanation of the Temporal Prime Directive, they should show that episode at the Academy
Save 20  10  Use rep code: at checkout 2 receive discount
RT : If you need me, I'll be in the fetal position before heading to LA for games 3  4.
Thanks for the follow back buddy!
Thanks for a great weekend of Yoga!
Can't wait to get going on my home practice.
First time on IcelandAir.
If they fly like they inflect nouns we're all in big trouble.
The lifetime undefeated Rummikub streak continues with a dominating performance over the family tonight.
Milwaukee Chicago's younger, blind, midget brother.
Players and management need to apologize to their fans.
We're stuck watching this crap.
Sounds good to me.
You going to be at the game?
Tired of stale both sides claim.
Dems/labor negotiating in good faith.
GOP not.
Doesn't make 1 a dirty hippie to say so.
Interesting research in MW today identifying 1824yr olds groups: Go Getters, Passive Massive, Cotton Wool Kids, Shundergrads  Minimum Rage
Do you like us??
Tell Your Friends!!
Open till 9!
:

If you leave, my Interesting Anchorage list and my funny librarian lists on will be empty.
If you are thinking, you are
Are there any librarians out there?
Why is mise en place important?
Easier to correct your mistakes!
It's going to be a FOWL day for WISCONSIN...
: Tomorrow will be fun though!!!
I hate you.
so true!
good question...
maybe honest johns or motor city brewery?
haha, actually, i was going to do just that but couldn't fit it all
I just like to write things with a pencil and a paper rather than on a computer.
Everything just flows better for me that way.
A small part of me is kinda glad I'm on his block list.
No waitthat's a large part of me that's glad ;
Friday treat: chats with crew over pizza re: innovation  GoodIdeas!
Video to follow on Monday :
thanks!
really appreciate that :
everything is a lesson if you use it knowlegde is the key
Looks like the perfect pick me up : How is your day going now?
Thats whats up well I wish you the best.
Stay in touch and hit me up whenever you head back this way
I will my sweet!
I would love to see you all for Xmas!
Have a super great day!
I'm at Wix Lounge for pubslush event.
I love talking hoops with other coaches!
great to meet some other guys from around the nation that share your philosophy
: I am Irish and I love potatoes.
I just don't live in Ireland.
I NEED to go back.
actually excited to get ready today, because I have actual plans!
:
MyChildhoodHeroes Powerpuff Girls, Courage the Cowardly Dog,arnold, etc etc
Are you ready, El Paso?
Librotraficante event will bring mind altering prose in a WEEK to the Borderlands.
How have you been love???
love your professorle pic 
bet they don't kick it to 3
Muggy warm overcast day just got weirder now that the winds have kicked up doctormatically.
If ever a storm presaged a zombie swarm this is it
studyin is about to be my daily tweet for the next few days...
thanks, Leah!!!
Sorry for being late.
def want to follow up about what we talked about.
twitter?
Because this is really bugging me, and I want people to know how I feel, and you have like a million
sends email asking me to contribute to money bomb for to defeat obamacare.
No links.
Since when did Pitbull become the goto salesman for doctornk products?
I doubt anyone can have that much fun doctornking doctor Pepper.
doctor Joseph Kerschner appointed Dean and Executive Vice President for MCW.
depends.
If you need to match exact colors or want sharp text: gif; if you want transparency: png; photos and otherwise: jpg
You are down by 0.14 points right now.
Wow!!!
Everytime you accomplish a goal become that much more determined to reach higher, never become complacent.
Live strong.
I'm on my break talkin shxt to this white lady OMG!
I'm out to work before I get ghetto  smack white off her face .
sorry not tomorrow.
It is something we will be discussing in our future meetings.
Really?
There were IndoEuropeans called the Narts?
Love to cuddle her Love to make her blush Girl I cant get enuff Cuz I gotta be next to you.
No problem.
We all need a little motivation.
So Siri's favorite phone is not an IPhone but the Lumia 900.
Hilarious!
I'm bored , Tumblr time 
Credit card company called to alert me to a fraudulent charge.
There a thief out there about to be very disappointed with my identity.
If he showed remorse, who he was at 17 isn't something I'd hold against him.
I'm good still young but tall!!
Haha lol
get lou off the broadcast thanks
..I wanna be surprised..
let's see what happens this year ; very curious about the best new artist category!!!
i recognized you had to follow lol
why couldn't you wait till June 21st!?
Then my doctoram of meeting you would come true!
:D
yeah I'm waiting on atmosphere!!!
:
Who knew that Blake was such an intimidating defensive force he caused three dif nugs to pass the ball in the lane.
Always smile Bro!
Follow me!
MARRY ME ?
you must be on the train ahead of me.
I'll be the guy at center ice, row 8, with the large Flyers puck head.
I'm sorry but Morgan Taylor Porter sounds so right.
Wet doctorams know they da shit...
yess under the everything tab!
Need someone to talk to.
Bored out of my mind..
Facebook is buying Instagram?
UGH FB just go away
Eric Brethenoux,IBM.Get close 2 customers.Devices generate data/second.
Who you are changes that quickly too.
San Diego Science Festival Expo at Petco Park tomorrow, 10am to 5 pm.
Come out  take the da Vinci Surgical System for a test doctorve!
QoTD: Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow.
Yum nutella for breakfast :D
please.
I'm willing to trade.
lol how was I not already following you?
how old are you?
we can't see it here.
clouds.
:
Looking at the screens, Gold is trading up over 1800, Oil is steady, Gasoline down big, hmm, DOW and SP slightly up on the futures.
Hey Girl Let Me See You Get Low
Shapiro Library looks really good!
Had a nice walk around central campus today.
Seriously when r u gonna be on?!
RT If I'd killed a kid wanted pple to know I was innocent,I'd open a Paypal acc't,fire my lawyers talk 2 Hannity.Who wouldnt?
going back to florida tomorrow.
i've never been so excited for heat!
Nobody in the studio had the nerve to say Escuse me, mister Bono, that's not quite right...
nocojones!

there is currently one being built in DC.
Go to www.educareschools.org/dc for info.
Sorry, I meant deivin, auto corrector !
I wanna unfollow everyone but it'll take literally forever and a day 
Check out He has a new CD out, mixed by Cj Snare lead singer of Firehouse.
Contact me for review or interview
Follow me and ill follow back!
Whether you're starting your own business or joining a different industry, making a midcareer move can be a challenge.
Researching human interests.
Do you know any great bibliographic resources?
So what goes on?
I have both Landoctor's and Antrel Rolle, being a Ravens fan I have a hard time benching Dawan every week, what would you do?
hey hey hey hey ;D
I do have my moments.
I like to refer to myself as eccentric.
It sounds so much more classy.
Getting caught with a flip phone is like getting caught with forces on lol
Oh my what a finish in Man.
City.
Wow!
everyone under 21 is going to be on the balcony.
people do not pay money to see an ariel view of an artist.
it's ridiculous.
RT : The creator of Doritos is no longer with us, RIP ArchWest  A serious loss for the munchy community
oh my!!!
I'm doctornking HotSauce over here!!!
God, I love football!
Survival expert Bear Grylls' son proved he's following in the TV adventurer's footsteps after rescuing a friend who fell into a river.
Mari Payton has a story on a high end dating service that lawyers tried to prevent running.We will show it at 11pm
Long day tomorrow.
Bikes, bikes, and more bikes.
yes it is
Great catching up with you this morning!
I'm proud of you man!
Hi Sara...happy new year and thanks for the RT.
Hope your holidays were good.
no doubt.
And our AC was acting up too.
before you leave we better hang out.
won my volleyball game and my soccer game!!
yay!!
Thanks, Catherine.
Much appreciated, especially coming from a fellow professorssional.
I couldn't finish The Road.
So bleak.
I do love Cormac McCarthy.
All the Pretty Horses and No Country for Old Men are favs.
Wish I could be there, too!
Rely on y'all to let us know all the news.
:
Haha no problem.
i love you too..
please you bra has more stuffing than a build a bear!
don't try me bitch!
good morning gerry; how are u my friend??
She just got back from Atlanta where everyone's beautiful  she's not just that bitchy.
Q: What's the definition of macho?
A: Jogging home from your own vasectomy.
Don't tell nobody, just keep it on the low.
Not your bestfriend, not your cousin, nobody's gotta know.
IfTwitterHadAPromIdTake for sure , no doubt  , unless..
Well ya know..
Unless he said no ..
that's very unfortunate
Lmfao damn!
RT Your Sex game is WEAK if you're hitting it from the back and she chilling texting somebody else.
I knew so much more about parenting before I had a child...
Why am I still up
Hi Jeff!
Thanks for your tweets and interest in GoingOn.
Would you be interested in a demo of the product?
Would love your input.
Thanks for the RT :
I ain't gonna leave you.
My people told me that I should but I need you.
It takes as much energy to smile and think positive as it takes to be sad.
So get up, take a good look in the mirror and smile!
Dear sluts, stop getting impregnated.
That shit aint cute.
hah!
I got OpenLDAP to do my bidding!
Of course I had to piece together how from about a dozen how to's but I managed it!
Steve your picture hangs in half of chicago's restaurants
I guesses....
I had a doctoram last night where I tried to access the Internet in a restaurant using a shortbread cookie.
That is all.
Ha!
Boob sweat is still my favorite :/
If I answer the phone during sex
Im for bike night, motorcycle rally...
later 11:15  the prospectorThankd for stopping by
me too !
Thanks for the follow, Darlene!
Giving special ops the reason why they are doing what they are doing, not just how to do it.
Higher stakes than art history!
just an FYI is Randizzle14.
Pay him no mind, he is irrelevant.
Tri Cities advances.
Gotta Early Christmas Present this Yr.
That Made Da holiday a lil warm and a little soft.
Sometimes I think it's a shame when I get feelin' better when I'm feelin' no pain.
Gordon Lightfoot, poet
thanks lady!!!
we survived, just barely : now for unpacking...oy!
that may come AFTER nov.
28 :
PK, don't you DARE make me cry!!!!
Rest in Peace DickClark.
We will miss you this New Year's and every New Year's after that.
Haven't been in a WalMart since they decided to carry nothing but Angry Birdsrelated merchandise.
cupcakes at QCMerge!
Best.
Conference.
Ever.
You has a new follower :D meh!
Clippers, Dodgers, Lakers and Kings: WINNING and Pujols finally hits a homerun.
Has there ever been a better time to be an LA sports fan?
Water conservation with one phone call?
We've got it .
.
.
why would anyone appreciate that rat?
Lord, Give us a compassionate and giving heart.
Bless us, so that we may be a blessing to others!
Thanks for the RTs Dan!
Have you started your Vitamin D3?
We need a minimum of 5000 IU in fall/winter to supplement sunshine!
Better get yours!
Prevent S.A.D.!
instantturnon if you can hook me up with a coffee mug signed by jeff gordon
Retweeting people like the person I just retweeted 
because at the end of the day I still want to make sure you're okay.
I dont care to fck people over, I'm not like that.
Hello im trying to write a book, but I need help with a sentence or two.
Can u help me?
Cheers!
I sing it with you.
Planet Fitness ?
I don't care what anyone says, i'm going to get that I  Ariana cup.
Time to go cup hunting.
Pumped up kicks reminds me so much of summer
send us a note at and we can try to help you out!
hhahaha.
SURE DID.
We have a new server ready  vpnco31 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in London, UK.
It's available in your customer area now.
Don't ever ask for our support again, You are like the rest of Dems...
The Maffatt Family
Let's do this casting
If you don't like Red Dawn, you're as bad as the commie pinko bastards Swayze and Sheen take down in the movie!

what'cha doingg ?
: not to much, just at a football game and you?.
FYI: Don't ever call an American Prog liberal a conservative.
Just don't.
No matter how 1describes it, u still offend
Got it...will explore this weekend.
Wish you had some growers in Italy, I could map all the Baralo's in my cellar :
omg yes we have to do this
beat doctorjack inna game of chess once at the homie eddielepps house in cali..
BABE LOOK AT PICS FOR PROOF
Happy New Year!!!
me too
1,001 followers!
Hell yeah!
I love you guys!
There's a conv store on the ground floor below the Holiday Inn and there's another one on the second floor on the East side
Back onto the power play.
Time for a lot of missed chances!
Good Morning !
lmao I know I'm jk, she's looking for someone her age :P haha milf?
I am convinced that life is 10 percent what happens to me and 90 percent how I react to it.
Chuck Swindol
a buddy of mine knew a guy who oft took for granted that knowledge; the same person got cancer.
At the end of the day, all we have is who we really are...
Ordinary Girl
PaperDesk, the Popular iPad Note Taking App, Announced ...
Feeling alone in a crowded room...smh metaphorically speaking
I'm so pist
well get some girl!
Grimes grimes grimes grimes
Its so beautiful outside.
sorry I wake you goodnight xoxo :
Any video converter with videos from youtube.
hahaha
She's good in small doses.
She shouldn't be allowed anywhere near a TV studio, imo.
Knowledge becomes power when it is paired with action.
Get out and participate.
www.GreenCenturyOnline.net
Thats When The Convo Dies And I Stop Tryna Help You Out...Stop Saying OK!
instead of subtweeting, let's collect money
Intimidated by makeup?
I thought you were fearless?
Who uses direct messages...
Hey, whatever happened to Hot Hot Heat?
would someday like to have a BJJ mat installed in his garage to roll around on, so I can kick my son's ass.
The transference is indeed a cross.
that does suit me perfectly ;
Paella, wine, family, and chocolates!!
Ah, that means I wont be able to go to the gym o:
Long day, lots of work  time for some ballet.
Hey what it do
Trying to be cool hanging with what should we make them for breakfast?
Looking for attractive models in the LA area for Coachella!
Please email with photos.
Dates are 4.144.18, ALL DATES
WILD CARD WILD CARD!!!
ADVENTURE HERE WE COME!!!!
Missing my baby
Can Twitter really be useful in academia?
II'll be listening in today TwSIG  Tweet this SIG!
Thanks Shane.
All in all I had a wonderful day...
I would too RT : Random girls are always trying to kiss me 

That's awesome.
are the investors/teams more geographically dispersed?
Or still centered in silicon valley, bos, NYC, etc?
Thanks for the follow and mention!
Cheers.
My mother in law turns 92 tomorrow.
Candles I bought for the cake say 29 though.
Don't you hate it when that happens.
Everyone is doctornk tweeting and shit and I'm at work....bust!
Release my anger in APC !
Taps culture's animosity toward media, and of course now people are part of media.
the artist doing my makeup tonight was just telling me about this show and how amazing it is and now i really want to watch it
Hehe...
I'm just learning from the best  !
Love workin' witcha'll, such good energy!
I'm moving to Italy.
Pizza, pasta and paninis for the rest of my life.
CNN just announced Prime Minister Gordon Brown heading home from his holidays to take control of London.

Can't play doctorms with knives so....Hug it Out!
Great minds think alike!
Michele Bachmann Actually Thinks She Was One OldTimeySerialKilling Clown ...
Jezebel
Colts game tonight with
Peru withdoctorwal.
I'd be happy to help; let me know how
It's time for The Walking Dead!
ZOMBIES!
middleschoolmemories everyone calling me a pothead, but now when i run into people i went to school with, they smoke bud now ha...
You know it's gonna be a good lunch when one of the ingredients in your sandwich is listed as buttery goodness.
oh ok
If you're forgetting to rename your images as your keywords, you're missing a valuable SEO opportunity!
Thank you...
did you took pictures with them?
I know....
I've been more of a reader than a tweeter lately.
Very busy with client work and haven't had much worth sharing :
1  Hanson's Every Word I Say.
2  Carbon Leaf's Love, Loss, Hope, Repeat.
3  Butch Walker's Day doctornk and now I am regrettably on Gotye.
Do not take what is not yours whether from a person, a community, the wilderness or from a culture
so good to see u on the scene again, I prayed 4 u when Whitney passed, u were a real friend to her.
Woman to one side wants to talk to me about my shoes.
Woman to left singing to herself.
Outloud.
why DPS is a twice/decade occurrence 4 me
Less than 2 weeks to cast you vote for the 2010 Viewers Choice Awards!
Go to www.BestoftheBayTV.com to submit your votes!
I know u like them young but 15!?
Really!
and in a car!
U r smarter than that.
oh wtf I didn't know !!
haha that's chill:
How can healthcare professorssionals be compensated for time spent on digital/phone patient engagement?
Are new 3rd party payment models needed?
Mayor RT Rybak just spotted heading toward Governor Dayton's office.
Thinking about expanding my website.....
Updating the company site.
Fun stuff.
Can't wait for everyone to see it.
lmao I can see boo.
Anyone got Skype?
tjustbeingme is mine.
to backup eli in new york
Middle  high school admin, there is an workshop in Stockton, CA for admin Sat 2/28/12.
Join us!
This time next yr.
I hope we're talking about Mark Sanchez.
He's had an amazing run these playoffs.
His confidence grows with each game.
wonderful, inspiring piece on Sam Ugglee.
Wife and I loved it, thanks.
I never wanna go to prison..
these dyke bitches are cray cray
Support Local Music!!
Facing Oblivion has a show January 15th at Cervantes.
Check them out!!
Looking forward to taking the wife to The City for her first night away from Mac...but wondering is she?
Separation anxiety expected...
Im not talking about career numbers, just this year.
have you been to el sultan in portland?
amazing felafels...
Please do not tell me they are going to try to have Ben  Amy happen again .
Guys w/ Braces  Soo Freakinn Cute !
:
Make sure to find us on Facebook!
;
Why cant some nigga's get along at parties then end up fighting about dumb crap.
iPhone 4S Ultimate Bike Pack Turns iPhone 4S into a GPS Bike Computer  San Francisco Chronicle
Saw Red Tails 2day.
Fantastic!!
Support Wk2!
George Lucas said as close as your going to get to Episode 7 No need 4 costumes though.
Guys that are have tattoos and piercings 
Guess ill Whatch BasketBall and Go Over Myy Book
ATTN:all unsigned rappers,singers,dancers join our Team send an email if you're TALENTED WE GOT WORK!
yay!
I'll be off around 4 or 5 and I'll come straight to see house
haha!
You didn't have another one about you say I say?
1 of my students said, u say data, I say dAta.
That's a good one!
snowing in Seattle.
Cost a 1.75 to get here from San Diego today.
doctornking a Dead Guy Ale watching the snow downtown from the 28th floor
if you're in town next weekend let's grab doctornks!
I give because 1 in 6 families in America are hungry.
ATTENTION ChristiansGirls FOLLOW she is the ultimate
All out stores are open 7 days a week.
If you need any cooling or A/C needs this weekend don't sweat it, just come in and get chilled out
No you're the one that lives far!
Not me :
Dont follow she's rude
getting doctorssed then getting my check:
DayDay ugly country black ass so country!
RT : There's a White Belt Intensive at my Studio over 2 weekends in August.
I can't wait!!!
Heh.
: Kate Upton, guys.
I'm not mad about it.
The doctoramers are the saviors of the world.
End of the 1st period  the Wranglers lead 10 over the
Mammoth was awesome.
Fresh powder and not freezing temps.
Being a teacher is hard :/ ugh but kids are napping so break till 2 listening to
does anyone know that iTunes/iMatch/iCloud is changing playlists and removing the digital books?
missing over 1700 files
Thanks, Gio!
Appreciate it.
Me n my girls just gonna be coolin it today
decided to test the load in speeds of Facebook and Myspace, and Myspace is faster.
It is still slow as a quicksand doctorwning.
: FloRida makin that dough he raps on every commercial, the white folks love him that's all Boston ppl listen 2 he they fav
whats the point of showing the USA vs Ireland Rugby WC GAME a day late.
Everyone knows the result.
You suck
Save your purse.
Ask your favorite restaurant to carry GourmeMist...
The spammers need to become a little more innovative with their pitch.
thank you kind sir
Nicks with a David Tyreelike catch for a TD to end the half!!!
On nights like this, I wonder why I chose to leave my guitar behind.
TOMORROW NIGHT get 1/2 off our pepperoni, sausage  peppers, or eggplant  fennel pizza.
PASSWORD: INFINITY Dine in only.
Right; it's like being more accurate
Aww!
Love that girl!
Kerry is a beauty!
but some remarks were inappropriate.
he dismissed all of our female membership as mere secretaries
tonight!
Who's going to ?
How are u?
How is life treating ya?
I hope everything is going good
im text yu know then .
I burned my oven.
And the chicken that was in it.
I should just stick to Cheerio's for dinner.
This is Crazy!!
FULL HOUSE!!
wit Tony, DeRAY, DAVID  Deon  Sexy Marlo, IT GOING DOWN 2NITE!!
thanks for the RT.
Hope to see you there!!!
lol no.
Twitter is fucking with me.
I RARELY block people.
No clue how Ovi lifting his feet to make a hit is still a talking point.
Old news.
He's been doing it for years.
The beauty of the body can bring, but only the beauty of the soul can hold.
Young Samuel Butler sent off to new Zealand to think great thoughts and understand Darwin.
Who remembers when F.P.
Santangelo was hit in the face with a pitch and broke his nose?
Think he was trying to bunt.
we try and we fall, but we live another day.
Poised Creation is now building our network of nonprofessort charity organizations to work alongside.
.
Can we count on your vote to help us get a VAGOP controlled Senate?
Vote GOP TODAY
On a scale of one to a raging boner I want cake
YaYayayayay!!
One day in March friends!
RT : I'm not leaving until Friday now!
I thought Brock Lessner would of came out after taker victory to set up next year
Wish I wouldnt had twisted my knee at work yesterday  payin for it today!
yup, at the end of the day, family is what is always there for you.
If we had karaoke  our private club, would you join?
Hit me up w/ tweet or  myspace
I'd love to.
Any day but Monday works for me.
I will!
are you suggesting I bruise your lips to achieve that color?
grins
WATCHING PUNK'D
Yay!!!
Ladies, let me know what transpires with this!
did you hear Sparky giggle like a school girl when Gary said that on the air today?
Made me laugh..
lmao word he did!
I wonder if JCole watched Sivaji?
inspiration?
Gorgeous out!
Love it!!!
because my lips are even more Nom Nomy than brownies.
How do you save a doctorwning mouse ?
Use mouse to mouse resuscitation !
Anyone thinking of traveling the world this summer?
Where would you want to go?
PT
While packing, I have become completely obsessed with the show, Amish: Out of Order.
Obsessed.
I want a buggy.
Man.
Im not ready for real life yet!
lol
Apple should green light full app release today.
Seeing some confusion with customer base over free app.
your girl is so high maintance I don't know how you do it bro.
Just be happy you still have the western coyote out there.
We have the new and improved version here in the east.
Aaawwww...
Here u go..
Loll!!
U know u gone always be my BabyJoker ;
You can't just go to a commercial after that!!!!!
YES!!
I already told Kari I'm in for sure.
Done and done.
You know I love me some 80s bands.
:
yeah I saw them at Warped Tour two years ago I really like their Favorite Fix CD
I absolutely adore you!
So great to see you have an awesome week!
Tonight!!!
Tonight!!
Club 212 Bunny Bash
haha yeah I wish
The guy infront of Walgreens made my day!
with
Got through Physics without presenting.
Thanks for the RT last Friday!
Hope you had a great weekend!
Dolce bag, Dolce chair, I should get some Dolce hair!!
Since we talking Dolce maybe I can lend u hoes a pair!!!
We only have 7 classes left in my English class  he wants us to read the book Fight Club
Good lift In
nice shades!
We gotta link up on the show swap.
Id like to tell u ab TheUnionNetwork  intro u to
Going to bed!
either works.
loving the Disney tweets.
Hope there's some adult beverages at the end of the rainbow?
Check out ' resource about the IRS' revocation of certain NPS' taxexempt status.
Hi y'all, sorry to bug you, but could you check out this band?
They are called Wellington OneMoreTime is their song ty :
Woot!
RT YAY!
I'm so excited!
My chubby baby boy needs some professorssional photos.
Jealous!
Have a bowl of chowdah and say hi to Wally the Green Monster for me.
Boston Bound.
Put hairspray on it before you wash it :
Back in the day the only reason I would watch a Chargers game is because of Junior Seau !!!
confirmed flights for Palm Springs.
It's going to be a great day.
Pernell McPhee is about to become a NFL superstar.

Biking really IS for lovers!
Lovers of health, nature, adventure,  humanity.
We love our community, which is YOU!
Happy VDay, Friends!
r u going to the lmsa conference in February???
Its in boston
im sorry i wish it was 5:30 so we can do our tinychat
Here at AASL11  first person to come to booth 330 gets a beautiful black tshirt free if you say the password Finland
Sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do.
What are you in the mood for, and how many in your party?
Christopher Meyer on compliance: Some of the biggest risks facing universities right now are changes to the False Claims Act
watching the crunchies online right now, would love the Nokia phone!
RT : Follow and I'll follow you 
oh hey jake, follow us randomly.
love ya too boo ;
Check out this story.
He is the David Peed of the west coast.
es.pn/z7E2DU
yes!
I'm going to check them out after work.
I was thinking that would be a good option!
IT: You broke it.
Me: Yes, but I learned something.
IT: What's that?
Me: Not to do that again.
Jeremy Kembel sums up Social SelfService as PIE.
Apt acronym for a session right before lunch.
Hello Nice to hear from you.
I believe that we know Phil Lazarus in common.
Have a great day.
maaaannn what I do now?!
Lol
Health Tip: Cantaloupe  other melons help reduce blood pressure.
Check out the benefits of other summertime veggies at SpiritMag.com
is looking for suggestions on how to forecast for repairable items.
How do you forecast when a tool is gonna break?
m.
hot chocolate.
Watching Aeon Flux with the boy.
Because my mission is to turn him into a scifi reader.
Great meeting you today at sdsms.
Hope to grab a craftbeer offline sometime.
Cheers!
hey whats up, you game?
my computer doesn't like tumblr.
i can scroll through, but i can't make a picture big or reblog anything
who r you
I may not be religious but I'm spiritual.
Speaking of spam...
RT : Who cofounded Apple?
ASteve Jobs, BBill Gates.
Text your answer to  and Win an Apple Prizes!
Dude, Idk how you assemble 45 minutes of relevant footage about this man.
Segments on his endorsements?
Lol
court/spark
Sorry guys: I have never knowingly listened to the Beastie Boys.
How else can I annoy the Internet today?
Admit I'm not a big Star Wars fan?
Big things soon.
Stoked for the show Friday, we will have a suprise!
Obama message focused on the WE rather than the ME Scott Thomas
I don't have a link.
I'm working on an article but would like it published with a photo.
:
I can't wait to see the all new Shake It Up with special guest star !!!!
I 3 YOU
I'll seriously do it ;D
Thanks for the follow!
I might have to post an old pic here of u  I from when u were 12.
HAHA!!!
just waiting for you to notice me:
A very Happy Birthday to my sexy husband !
Love you!
If you were to pummel , wouldn't it look like next level Gertner style fighting with more arm flailing?
It's GORGEOUS!!
Happy Mothers Day!!!
you were a good expendable person!
:
where are you going to college?
:o
ur an ass
Just cause we broke up doesnt that I dont like you anymore ?
Friends, thank you for taking even just a second to check us out.
we are here for you.
for those just wake a cup of black will do well
Waiting on audio file rendersmissing my eight cores of awesomeness.
am correcting my prior tweet to say AND you have impressive intelligence.
Truth.
Is it normal for musicians to have withdoctorws when coming off the road??
imisstour :
I hope that doesn't happen.
Who is the new owner?
Stay tuned..Smiles
I'm going to take a wild guess that is working tonight.
Its too early for a juggalo....
but i gotta wake up and slang dis herb.
Sitting on top of a meatball
Scott's Tots
I have a blog idea abt a GIRLS ONLY trip to Portland, replete with a stay on the waterfront, doctornks, desert, spa services.
Congratulations Rahm Emanuel: Chicago's yours now.
It still looks OK, but the cracks are starting to show
Hi misterAzbell it's Harrison did we win our first game?
Don't feel good at all, Shower then hopefully bed.
If I knew we'd end up at the bar I wouldn't have doctornk so much at dinner...
Goo to see old friends!
Good luck for Sunday  what's your take on Tito being let go?
At Wing Stop with my bf :D
Is it too early for Wineparty ?
well i go to a tech school and im transferring to public so there was a fair chance Kelsey xoxo
it is quite good, but a bit boozy at 10 abv.
I don't mind though.
: How to spot a hater: They tell you they don't want what you have
CentralFL,what did you think about the Avengers movie?
Brilliant doctorwing of bald Britney Spears with an umbrella bahaha
Cat's Cradle is now one of my top favorite books.
Wow
SO DAMN HOT....
FACEBOOK DISABLED MY ACCOUNT.
UGH.
IT WAS PROBABLY A DISGRUNTLED FAN LOL OH WELL ON TO THE NEXT ONE LOL
one of my cousins is moving to MN, which resulted in a convo w/my family about whether or not MN is part of the MidWest.
That's an erotic picture :
Why Big Wealth Flows Straight to the Top
Yehh buddy, Great refreshing shower..
whatup!
Been a minute man.
If you're free come down to the studio this week.
Convicted killer Walter Casper back in jail on parole violation.
Victim's brother says it's not safe for him to be out
Miley says shes not a role model, she gets hate.
Miley tries to be a role model, she gets hate.
Going out this weekend??
Always make sure you have a safe ride home.
For the lowest rates in the city call VIP Taxi at 5203003000
Yes, please come have a bite and a doctornk while you're here!
Thanks for the love, !
I don't know what you said about the band, but I'm just gonna assume its positive : thanks!!!
We're about to go get lunch...any suggestions?
What are you all having today?
At the end of 70 the Mercedes Benz have only 3 persons at Moscow Breznev, Visotskiy and Karpov
Oh my and with a Zac Efron reference too.
Nicely done!
God has no Phone, but I talk to him.
He has no Facebook, but he is still my friend.
He does not have a Twitter, but I still follow him.
me too!!
I had a coach wasn't great love how she coached the young man to be a landscaper now that is coaching!
Someone will blow the whistle on your heroes Robert Storr archivist symposium
Sometimes there is a chili dog.
doctorams don't take vacations when people do.
Gone.
Latest on the Hialeah shooting is coming up on NBC6 after weather
Phew, publishing an ebook is difficult in terms of the formatting process.
Good Morning!!!!!
I dnt want The Perfect Nigga I want a faithful, loyal nigga who I can trust :
500K three days before 3/20 election really puts the lie to fantasy of Martelly as outsider fighting entrenched old guard
isn't pinterest the best?
Its like an elegant mosaic of bookmarks.
: Clever.
Looking forward to tonight's escapades with  where will we end up?
Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom.
Oh, they have much more than that.
It's all about the rhythm.
Did Peyton Manning just get snapped for only winning 4 mvp's and a superbowl?
Another great day to do some more practice sketches.
Wilson evolution the basketball were dating!
interesting discussions this week on whether book covers are necessary with ebooks  Overdoctorve data saying that covers encourage reading.
these photos you are posting are tinier than my pinky nail.
Trapped In My Mind....
Mirka gave Roger a peck??
How sweet.
That never happens.
So who is up for the ring of fire tommorow in southern Utah?
Make sure to join our Facebook Page...
Thanks for the RT.
ONE DIRECTIONS HOSTING MTV PLAYLIST TOMORROW MORNING.
freaking out.
i watch that every morning while getting ready fo school
4pm cannot come soon enough!!!
longassworkweek makeitstop only 8 hours until its over!
Last year I asked santa for the sexiest person on earth, the next day i woke up in a box...
thinks the thing he misses most about blogging is hating people.
Loved Barbie PINK Flapper doctorss during the quickstep!!
So cute!
thingsisaidinthe90s that's dope, and Britney is the coolest
Doggy daycare for Nalla.
Way to ride on the coattails of 's tweet...
Lucky.
RT Officially 4 months until I leave for India!!
nope and I'm very cool
smart ice cream
While true, but you get rid of the helmets you lose your grip on being the 1 sport in America.
I saw Avengers.
A cool action flick.
The last scene is after the credits.
Don't leave too soon.
Not a picnic for nonjazz lovers either!
I can't stand really tall people that wear 5 inch high heels, seriously leave the heels to the short people that actually need it like me!
Julian is short.
And i thought louis was pretty short...haha but its kinda cute:
Just doctorve through south bend.
Me: Oh, your dog's name is Bentley?!
Is that after Teen Mom?
Canadian: I have no idea what you're talking about.
Fair.
It's just, mostly I was always like, Yay, an excuse to read Shakespeare!
Unless it was, like, Heart of Darkness.
BLEH
nowplaying Bob Dylan, Visions of Johanna
I think that you are beasting my friend.
Love the work and versatility.
Even though I am an Angels fan for life, I do have to say congrats to Josh Hamilton on his incredible week he just had.
You got that right, coach!
; : a few coaches make millions.
Many don't.
No matter how big and strong you may be, when you sit down in that dentist chair, you turn into a helpless child.
These stupid state exams .
.
Well good luck to everyone who's been taking them .
I feel so bloated .
Omg Susan is leaving.
Aw shucks, guys.
Thankyouverymuch.
fell asleep during the last quarter of the SPURS game last night...I'm an old man, sigh
baby shampooamazing looking forward to day three.
Josh Hamilton wants us to forget all the beer talk and watch the World Series...
live from BUSCH Stadium.
You're in a school.
I only attend meetings.
I'm scared of people under the age of 55.
canon G11.
I have the G10 and love it!!
USHLI 2012 Latino professorssionals Networking Reception is starting now.
and not to be braggy, but because I think you'd like to hear this I got a callback for this one today
Congratulations  !
WE GOT UR BACK!
GoPackGo!!
Who's excited for our interview with ?!
I'll be posting it in about an hour!
that sounds like a great turnout!
I'm sure the players had a blast!
Im happy for nyc mahomies and everything but.
I just think he shoulda gone to a different state.
I love her already.
is wrapping up postproduction on client videos, one shot in UK, the other a quarterly market update.
Common sense is so rare it should be classified as a super power.
and I need to get serious about my field trip to Centralia.
Pizza m my favorite
I love Cupcakes  their just so Cute .
I made this remix myself : like it ?
:
: Call MN before May 3and request he stop the wolf hunt.
please rt  help
I hope MamaJen feels better :/
LOL  girls who can't keep a guy for a week.
RT : Know someone that speaks fluent German in Austin looking for 10 hr/wk translator position at an awesome company?
cleanlakesfest today Water Water Every where  lets keep it there and clean to boot attend!
Madison!
Gonna need to hit up the Home Depot this wknd.
Gotta grab some sheet metal, metal fencing, and 2x4s.
yo i got more time free on my hands now...
lets work fam...
2nite on CN2 Sports: UKUL baseball recap  , ,  join me for Part 1 of a spirited debate on the word 'thug'
eat a dick bitch
thank you darling ;
We are in baby stage of development but super exited to start delivering quality sound to El Paso!
thanks!
Where you fron
it's been very exciting.
Custom streams, jive anywhere, try on cloud for free, officeoutlook integration.
What stands out 4 u?
ConfessionNight I watch an insane amount of porn.
What are your plans for Holiday imprinted promotional items?
One more fuckin love song, I'll be sick.
At what point does over eating become an attempt on ones life?
Pretty sure I am approaching that fork in the road.
Tomorrow Thrive Lunch will be held at The Wright Place in Wausau!
We will be celebrating Alfred's Birthday!
Lunch menu will be available.
:  When a stud hate cause a female they USE to fool wit wana fck wit me.
GTFO cause IAinWitThatShit say that shit
Let's Go!
Tebow will get swallowed alive in New York.
Even though he won't start over Sanchez, he's gonna get burn because of the hype.
HateIt When My Phone Falls On My Face :/
I love happy guests!
RT : the best tour I've ever been on.
wonderful blend of information ...
put a ton into half day
setting up a twitter account as if I need another thing to do online!
I feel sad tonight and I don't know why.
girl that's wen we got obsessed with Johnny rockets shakes remember!
it's obvious the don't like mister Mike Brown.
I mean c'mon!
Like he could follow right behind the Phil Jackson reign !
Lol
that would be such a huge pickup.
his leadership is needed
You know when you've gone for a girl who's abit too young when you've got to make the train noise to get your Ck in her mouth
Follow  Connector of people, speaker of truths and an all around great individual!
Who's your pick for Mayweather vs.
Cotto???
lol omg really!
I hope I don't
Thank you so much!!
Apparently getting coffee this late in the morning is a new trend...
I'll be at NAAMBA conf in NYC 9/10 with Dell team.
Who is joining us?
Lots of Dell jobs to be had
They are some of the most patriotic folks I have come across and have a great family foundation.
Daughter's birthday!
Happy BD to June 15ers!!
Going to trial in this unjust system.Supoena doctorDoyne his lies/greed for Dad's .as he sleeps
Or order 50 of Avon Products And you receive 30 of Free Avon.
Trying to figure out why I'm getting no service at home.
Good ol' ATT.
3G?
More like NoG.
Or maybe I just hate when my past dates/ex boyfriends pop up on my screen.
Hell, yes!
m/ EL TACODOR!!
m/ RT Cinco de Mayo, and you better believe El Tacodor is in the house!
I THINK I KNOW WHO YOURE TALKING ABOUT!
Forever and always, yo.
It's okay my feminine hormones are acting up too :/
This MothersDay, treat yourself to up to 70 off the brands you love.
his category has a focused specialization as it deals with specific kind of essays, namely analytical.
thank u 2!!
LOL!!
i only kno a few words I live in texas so u need to kno a lil spanish :P
Happy Virgo full moon  thanks for the follows , , , , and
Birthday babe so sweet and beautiful, showing off some sexy dance moves at right now!
Get it girl!
I am in the market for a copy of The Movielife's 40 hour Train on vinyl.
Anyone have a copy they're willing to part with?
You can't solve problems within the confines of subject content
Yeah, I just retweeted I want to meet Tim Gunn dammit!!!
I was yelling as i slowed down but the slope was steep, we were in WIDE OPEN area; 4/7 went n2 my way, as I sped around on short ground
I thought it was a play on Write vs Wright and Care 'n and Karen.
But I don't know if there's another meaning!
who you got?
Phil or Rashad?
i will check on dinners without info during the next break.
Should be on the sheets after last concurrents.
My 1000th tweet.
My cat just darted out of the room when the front door opened.
Cracking up lol
Grab a copy of today's ROCWeekend section: Natasha Musquasha rocks it!
Love that we're their Best Bet for the weekend's Sports, too.
no that's what my head looks like..
Thank you LUKAS and BEST TO YOU!
Keep ROCKIN!
Thomas!!
Thomas!!!
Thomas!!!!
that's what crazy girls say to feel better.
Heyoooo!
Getting excited for the shows with , at on 8/20 and SpinBartini on 8/21!!!
I'm pissed at Nixon for creating that anytime something goes wrong it gets a gate suffix.
Annoying!
G'morning, Gordy!
:
RT : Let your tongue walk on this pssy.well damn
quite a few it seems.
I have homework to do and I hate and doctorad the idea of doing it again and again.
Where is summer?
.
Thanks for the RTs!
makin mama proud, you hot thing
I had a crush on TRACIE Spencer that woman voice makes my blood rush
seethe Size Matters panel at MFEConference to hear Michael Ytterberg, Principal, BLTa, talk about apts of the future
Morning.
Here I come.
Be right there.
An EMS needed at the UrbanMeyer presser?
In the movies, that's call foreshadowing.
Bosh need ta get his head out dat hole and play so dis game will get more interestin.
NY, come through!
tonight was the 1st I ever watched the voice..great to see real talent not crazies trying to get on tv!
love Adam Levine haha
i need some head .
story of my life.
eats and doctorsses well and has adorable dog.
I consider him one of Baltimore's famous people.
i feel like this wouldn't fly with paolini
With time and patience, the mulberry leaf becomes satin.
With time and patience the mulberry leaf becomes a silk gown.
Chinese proverb
on I will tell u whn he replies
I will shoot to ass from right here!!
Are you in NY from the 8th through the 17th of Feb at all?
thank you im glad you like it!
and thanks for following
will you be getting a new Apple iPod or Touch?
On average, how many trees are used during development of a NewPlay ?
DowninthefaceofGod seems to have taken out a small forest...
Decided to preorder Max Payne 3
Great night at Exchange LA w/ DJ David Delano!
Don't miss our special event this wednesday with international superstars Cosmic Gate!
Getting information off the Internet is like taking a doctornk from a fire hydoctornt.
Mitchell Kapor
My biggest regret on this trip is not having time to get shocked at museum.
It sounds like an electrical good time.
Just a day in the life RT : The waiter at chuys was at my day party says
Yes!
Great news!
I've got 6 horses in this race, WPS.
I'm feelin pretty good.
She is waiting on the Preds.
Chorus to celebrate music by Americans
There should be an iphone app that lets you update your own blog that is on your own server.
Anyone agree?
Lets develop one!
seeing u last night..have u checked out Dove Style Mag yet?
Hope u can make the launch event this weekend :
I can't wait for to go in on Amare's dumb ass during donkey of the day.
I know he's upset but seriously where is your composure?
thanks!
more tracks are in the works
It's Holiday Marketplace at your library!
104 today, join us for live music, vendors, raffles, holiday stories, food, and more!
you should look to see if there are any teams!
Republicans Agenda pt 4.
14.
Kill off the Government and have Rich Corporations Rule America Policy.
15.
White Supremacy with Negro Favorite
It's funny when people block you on twitter.
Hahahaha
when surprised me at work today 
: Might take a trip to raleigh to see the who else is down?
yes please!
How can we work as organic intellectuals to undermine oppressive efforts?
Cryotherapy y'all
thanks man u r pretty cool guy!
We will have to talk more!
awl mane that's harsh friend lol
This nigga Tre just said Walter T Raw, Lil dick no balls...
lmao
oh nothing.
About to head up there and install these new locks.
Go follow she follows back!
c; 
found it.
good idea!
we should create a second Congress lol.
for a while now, yes
Word!
: Buddy, you are so spoton!
Release your anxiety, resistance, expectations and struggle, just trust and enjoy the ride.
Fire and Ice!
Great theory
Did you know that ninjas date back to the 14th century?!
We're 21st century ninjas!
What makes you a modern day ninja?
Who would your rather send flowers to?
P.
Diddy, Ralph Macchio, or Laura W.
Bush?
Cuz it's their birthday today : Anyone else today?
you can talk to me if you want though i might not be much help.
Ugh !
They only came ONE TIME !
ONE FREAKING TIME !!!
never again will you see in Jacksonville ,FL !!
start your engines...get set...GO!!!
I wonder if is backstage right now nervous or is he tweeting?
Trin, you are a goddess.
Im excited I get to keep up with your awesomeness :D
I'm still hungry!
I love that is always on twitter.
He probably won't see this, but if he does......
Hello there.
How are you?
i am going thru concert withdoctorwl...
Ugh:
YOU WON!
Yes!!: Spring 2012 will launch online tomorrow morning...
that sounds like one i would love.
's father has passed Donna was a devoted and caring daughter.
misterBrazile was a veteran Please join me in condolence
I know i sexed ur cousin, but I ain't mess with ur sister like your baby daddy did
DTTO...
Up 400...
little dip here perfect time to hop in.
Back to .05 we go!!!
Faith is the most powerful force in the universe.
Believe in word of Good in you.
Right on!
: The rain is not stoping us...
MAU students, staff, and faculty are at Relayforlife at Bermudez Park in Doral.
You're not missing much.
Detroit up 20 after 1.
4 minutes to cut spokes.
9 minutes to lace.
40 minutes to build.
55 minutes to find a pen.
Turned out to be an intentional brownout to save energy.
It's almost as hot as NOLA over here today!
Heat index 100.
Glendale scores in the corner and misses the kick 38
Thats my favorite song by them!!
Agebased curfews send the message to lawabiding youth that our society makes no distinction between them and irresponsible juveniles.
Anyone ever tell you that you two could be brothers?
RT : show in atx
Oh just bawling my eyes out during the notebook..
Nbd
I wish I had a lot of money to pay vocalist to sing the songs on my record.
50th play of Either Way this week...c.can't stop!
RIP Steve Jobs.
Let's fix education so we can create the next generation of Steves.
It's kids all morning at the FFL!
First Steps at 930, Kiddie Cafe at 10 and Let's Get Moving with My Gym at 1030!
Kentucky bound in 8 hours :
some people got it bad tho, they even do it in text messages smh
doesn't it?
I'd be down.
Thanks for the great call !
So blessed to have met you at SparkandHusltle LA.
I love the rain 
welcomes you to another broadcast day from the MPVT Studios.
Real firedoctorll..
who!
Most exviting this year!
Friday, saw new flick Chloe at DGA.
Sat and Sun workshoped w/a few other CA's.
Anyone interested in a 22mile run this Sunday...
and know of a trail within an hour of Portland that isn't a complete mess right now?
Reading about Latino Day at the Capitol in MN  great to see energized political activity in the community!
I have no clue.
We are so lost.
you too?
Hahaha I used to think he was hot
I have a running list if u would like to see it :P
aww good job.
Always hate those
This too shall pass.
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger.
isn't it why they invented Twitter?
If I wanted to be thoughtful, I'd write a letter
Thanks.
Me, too.
Aha hacked by  yourbestfriend
maybe then he will leave me alone!!
Whenever he stews at me I feel like he is planning kidnap or something!!
haha!
Girls, man.
Okay.
So I'll expect that picture on your Tumblr, to which I don't have a link, on Monday.
;
nope, no license plates here anywhere close to being cre8ive!
not sorry at effing all
When you really care about someone, their happiness matters more than yours.
in my doctoram last night I was in a wedding gown...
eating lucky charms from a vending machine with .
what could that mean??
I wish so too!
Cool, crisp, clean air and lots of trees.
No humidity and less spiders too.
Fine, i'm taking my monsterbuns elsewhere!
Good morning to the , we are sending you a Monday Shoutout, have a great week and thanks for the awesome FF ;
Happy Birthday!
Looking forward to a wellwritten birthday blog.
No pressure ; 
No one goes hungry today...Cuz I said so.
doctornk by da paint doctor by the pound
Ugh I wish...
I'm dead haha moving isnt an option.
Anyway you're sposed to come visit me in Takoma now!
I wonder if anyone else caught it?
Good report though can't wait til 1 pm is a great competitor better book ur sb tickets
keep doing ya thing....much respect and keep your ears to the ground for Poitier
wow!!
never knew best buy had a instrument store I always went to guitar center....
Chicago union members board a bus headed to Springfield to protest WI Gov.
Scott Walker's speech to more than 200 biz leaders there
Sometimes you just need
Great title!
Happy New Year!!!
Love ya!
God bless!
:
I think it's the coolest thing ever that Katy Perry has a cat named Kitty Purry.
Well yeah.
These people know what they're in for when they sign up then act like idiots
Can someone pls tell me where to be and what to do for SXSW b/c I'm really not equipped for this.
If you need me, I'll be
official totals range from 1419  I think we had about 17.
no more since then, but it's been very cold.
I'm here every day, darlin.
You should introduce yourself to this pinkhaired waitress.
:
Break time!
Follow me please you are amazing
Nice 2 tweet you 2!
I lurk mostly, but check regularly.
Hope ur research is going well.
I'm getting into end of classes busy.
Hey happy bday I hope you have a great day del
I only break out my Cookie Monster impression if a date is going terribly or really well.
How's that Burt Reynolds mustache looking?
Is it past the 'Burt  Aged 10' stage?
Damn this girl already smoked like 9 cigarettes and we have only been here about half an hour.
Lol
Lil Wayne being sued again for 15 million.
One thing I enjoy about the later doctorft rounds is hearing names of players I haven't heard of since Michigan was recruiting them 4 yrs ago
Ricotta pancakes may be the greatest thing in the ENTIRE WORLD.
Dang, can't wait to blog about these bad boys!
Today's BTU inspiration: The only way to have a life is to commit to it like crazy.
Angelina Jolie
Due to inclement weather, tonights choir rehearsal has been cancelled.
I made lots of amazing connections at Speed Networking last year and also got to meet the awesome !
ncph2012 great event!
RT : Thursday: Join us with for the Wild  Scenic Film Festival It benefits
dont ya just love that one 3
church was real dis morn
: we miss you at Juanas!
This old band is crap!
we miss the panhandle!
See you soon!
Helping out with boys night out for the boys and girls clubs!
Fun stuff!
Mike  Molly is a show about fat people.
Why would anyone watch that?
It's easier to accept the apps others have made than to learn how computers work  make our own apps.
Faithful Ass Females 

but skydeck is hardly an organization instilling enough confidence in me to risk a significant project.
Already excited for the May 8 panel w/ Christine Pelosi in Sacto  Is Democracy too Slow?
Our fantastic cohost/partner:
I think yes.
He has given campaign speeches in North Carolina several times during the relevant period and gays are his base.
time for gingrich to
Diddy won his Oscar!
RT : Visit Acquia at cmsx in Chicago to learn more about doctorpalcommons!
are speaking at the event!
's love/hate relationship with Starbucks has tipped the scale in the hate direction.
Stupid stupid Sbux.
one direction on SNL 
RIP Alan Felder Who taught me how to create hits!!!
He was a writer for Philadelphia International Records
Misses football way too much blackngold runs in my veins steelers!!!!
Hello there
It is a beautiful day in Arizona  and another day to enjoy life!
Vikings may actually win!
Thank goodness that there is an economist on a panel discussing pricing schemes
starting at 60 thompson hotel's thom bar with the cool people 10pm12 and then to hot rdv nyc.
Getting geared up for lots of audio and video projects for Hanson Harmonies and our other clients.
RT : YOUR vote counts!
Send in ur ballot  vote YES 4 sagaftra 03 was decided by just 600 votes!
Dual cardholders get TWO...
let me know if you need a mix on that record.
I wanna have fun too!
I'm serious.
God Damnit Gabo you dick!
go back to minnesota you dick!!!
This is CAPS country!
ALA Master Series: A library occupies Occupy Wall Street w/ iSchool alum Zachary Loeb.
Yeah!
My schedule is pretty much wide open...
It's almost 2am and I'm so
quote You can have everything you want in life if youll just help enough other people get what they want.
Zig Ziglar
When my mommass mad, you dont wanna mess with her!
saw osu cheerleaders at TT basketball game tonight.
They had their guns up for TT.
Tebow does what he's always does...he WINS.
I'm sorry for letting anything get between us.
I love her and always will.
Hey utaou participants!
Today I used sketching technique to work through a problem and it worked great!
I believe yu look your best when u have no make up on 33
attn for tweet of the week Oh boy.
One of the neighbor's chickens somehow managed to get onto their trampoline.
To those who wake up while the room is still spinning/ But still tweet about it and hashtag it
ugh.
Nothing like people who don't know what they're talking about telling you your business.
Ok, this is too cute  RT : RT : Hey, : Happy Valentine's Day.
bo
two insurance companies hit me up and are like hey we need you and your experience, please work for us
I'll be arriving Friday evening at sxsw, we should definitely catch up!
It is one beautiful night to be out riding bike!
Booya!
After that incredible half time show by Madonna, I don't even care about the rest of the game!!!
Amazing!
Approaching 2 years since MDX told us they were studying a customer reward program.
Let's go already MDX.
what's your fave basketball team steve?
fuck this house for not having baking soda.
Already have the numbers of the 4 tournament channel memorized
Same reason the Mandarin Sunday takeout is!
wishyouwerehere RT : I hate you pizza!!
Why are you so delicious??
leaving Monday.
Let's meet up tomorrow?
You close to Orlando?
Haha
and that will be?
I clearly need a spotify account by now, don't I?
what do you want asslicker
sadly, it would not help at this point!
Ugh.
Will you be joining at BeerCon?
Be sure to thank them for their continued support.
Dudes if you guys are in town come hang out with us tonight at the Office.
I'm exhausted today.
Slammed a good strong cup of coffee and cranked the Raw Power record.
But alas, no avail.
Belagerdly, but: to ale with him.
I love water
With entire griffins lineup playing for redwings due to injuries, I assume Toledo walleyes call up my brother Steve next week.
a line like that for Red Space is on the normal/small side.
I think we been hacked, sorry about the spam guys!
hope you feel better soon, Matt!
not cool.
In Seattle stuck inside because of snowmageddon has a bright side.
Finally watching in marathon fashion.
Frikkin funny.
thanks for the mention, much appreciated!
if got hundoctords of complaints from millions of orders I would consider that a success.
Still best to gift flowers IRL IMHO
So we were together almost 3 yrs and u think I cant pick u out a crwd.
I see u still lying, guess it was for the best.
SMDH, wrds cant expln
his jealousy of Paul grows by the minute...it's sad really
Katie Arsenault is live on air now from 1011!
seven of us in english..
Badass.
We're throwing a party at Sports and Social Club this Saturday.
Can you email me an .mp3 and we'll play it there.
well I was playing with charlie but hes being mean x
today's one of those days when the autotweets just look ridiculous in the stream.
1.
lingerie is not a birthday gift for her, its a gift for you, so, no.
2.
know the correct size, especially if you're
We're as shocked as you!
RT : haha what SimonCowell just complimented ?!
SWEET
We appreciate everyone who supports Poised Creation!
Without you music would die!
Crack babies should go to rehab.
: Who's watching the Bears game?
c'mon.
Practicing in Dupont Circle today.
Also preparing for an upgrade to our Xray capability with Kodak.
Very exciting to provide the newest tech
Make sure to check your email!
Our Coaching U Live Newsletter has been sent out!
Thanks for promoting us to the JCU folks!
IS A HOT MOFO!
...remember me from Falcon?
Happy cinco de mayo!
A holiday to some, but still a work day to us!
Don't fight hate with more hate.
Only love can conquer.
did richie assist carter cause that would be too cute
I've heard stories.
Ben, I think I've got what it takes.
I went on a plant tour yesterday.
the whole car manufacturing process is fascinating
Council of Baptist Pastors gave their support for Council and Mayor Bing to sign the consent agreement as it retains local elected powers.
This commercial about avg.
Baltimore low temperature in Jan.
being 24 is especially funny when it's 50 degrees right now.
We could meet up later this week.
Do you live in the Dayton area?
FIU AD Pete Garcia does it again and attracts ANOTHER big name to come to Calle Ocho...
Just how deep do his connections go?
She's a 30year old veteran activist...What college student?
Narcissistic quote of the day: Trained at a commercial gym today and they ran out of weights for me to use.
Master Trainer
is RUN RUN
great seeing you guyslet's do it again soon.
Yep.
I'm goin out with my mom at 2.
: I'll be home by 3:30.
Cotto is looking for a 3 round COMBO
Happy mothers day mom.
I love how we don't even need to say out loud that I'm your favorite child.
I hear youre babaysittin me o'er yonder where the golden wheat grows!
With Bridgemeister and Federal Willis!!!
If you want to see something depressing, read tweets from high schoolers.
Last night in Scranton, headed back to Philly tomorrow.
Next week NYC.
Been debugging the same problem for oh, 9 days or so.
Started to doubt the validity of universal constants.
This is actual nihilism.
very ill.
well that's very good...I'm proud of you
Oh work is fun...
ha fuck that
Yet, I remain fascinated by the Caucasus.
RT Azerbaijan's plans for a one kilometertall skyscraper, via
yes its real show to your all your motorcycle friends  family.
Motorcyclist wear your helmets!
well im gonna watch a few One Direction videos and see why everyone likes them so much because i really do not think they are hot
Defining we the community is a very tricky proposition.
Just nebulous enough to be both ignored  exploited at same time.
Sad.
Ha!
Yeah I think it's pretty cool.
Sundays are so awesome.
lol ya of course.
Love her!
RT : Our two boys had a great time at the Aggie Experience today.
All the players and coaches were firstclass.
hey,,could you tell to tweet me back too??im from philippines,,im ARLO thanks..:
Anyone want to lend me a Mac power cord tomorrow for an hr or 2?
Pretty please?
Reminder: Employment Coaching tmister 102pm  506 Central Ave.
Also,only a few days left until our Senior Food Basket Giveaway!
Donate!
hey!
whats your question?!
Mayor Gray: We cannot do this aloneThe people of the District  ALL of the people  must be a part of these efforts.
Yeah and is somehow host of that local WI Lottery TV Game show.
owns a crepes cafe called Godard's
Q:YO THEM VINTAGE YELLOW OR JUST DIRTY?
A:NAW,  TOOK A PISS ON EM!
maybe he felt you needed to be informed.
yeah I was shocked it is gonna be great finale
mixing tonight for album.
so many tracks, so little time!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME
Take a leap for charity with Extreme Moms!
2nd Annual Skydive Event Dec 10th!
Email to sign up.
The whole tone scale is my friend, I shall not want...
Haha!
We're thrilled to have you join us tonight, Thom!
thanks for following
Following up on RTD stabbing from last night in Aurora.
Have you ever seen any strange things happen while on public transportation?
I bought an Iphone today.
Let the appdownloading begin!
Getting my Friday started no kid this weekend
Courses Putting the teeth back into the Blue Monster for Donald Trump On Feb.
27, Donald Trump announced that he had purchas
are you excited for believe?
Sad to see a player in his prime get cut and possibly see his career end.
But I don't think the Pack had a choice  had to release Collins.
Celtics fan forever we won lakers lost.
Fuck ya physics and maths and get from any other idiot your solutions .
Indeed but a stop is necessary RT : Off to work!!
The Bats just went extra innings, and I know someone  if she's working tonight  who is really ticked about now.
Ha
Meanwhile, brotherman will not stop smacking his gum in my ear.
Thankful it's a short flight to DFW.
In other news  Avengers  still awesome  worth the Imax just to feel the Scale of Whedon's conception  DvL
Metta World Peace OUT FOR 6 PLAYOFF GAMES after receiving a 7 game suspension.
No big deal!
The Lakers are better off without him!
We look forward to seeing you here tonight for .
Good luck with the doctorve!
Good Morning!!!!
Whirlwind is good.
Radial is used by more pro bassists.
email me and we can go over details.
just an hour and a half left to vote for the SG elections!
I voted , you should to!
:
Holy crap  went to apple store and it was packed!
Straight sealing the deal
Dieng is smacking the orange off the ball!!!!!'
Watching for class...
gotta love that State education :
ThatAnnoyingFeeling you get when your soo tired but you can't sleep.
: is that your wife or g.f ?
She's very pretty
lol know all the choreographies she'd b proud
Wow what a sports weekend in Wisconsin!
The perfect storm.
Remember, too, that biology doesn't make you a Mother.
It's the love and care you have in your heart for that little person who trusts you.
Me:knocks cup over oh gosshh!!
: ohh gosh that could have real bad, real fast!!!
Who owns the learning?
Rarely do students own, direct, lead learning.
Great schools, students own the learning.
Alan November
i'm sleepy .
someone text me
ooh, haven't caught Maximum Overdoctorve yet adds to list Netflix: good for something.
:
let's go back to Palm Desert and this time I go out...and we get a boat ride for breakfast.
totes in love with ...
such a great voice, you know, for a country singer :
protect her like a daughter, love her like a wife, respect her like your mother 
Heading out to see president Obama addoctorss the Building Trades Legislative Conference in DC!
Getting Hannah ready for her television debut on The Morning Blend!
welcome to my world
My brain just created a new thing for me to be afraid of: pooping on a toilet covered in fire ants.
Thanks, brain
Does my avatar look like me?
I want people to be able to recognize me when they meet me in real life.
Hm.
Can't find it in inbox or spam.
Try again?
It's weird not having anything to do right now.
Normally, I spend Sundays procrastinating, but I have nothing to make me procrastinate now.
HOOKED.
Your music is awesome.
Thanks for following me!
My new album will be out in June.
Let me know what you think!
BestJP
Thank you.
I'll let you know if I come across something.
Our first shoot w/ new Elinchrome lights...
She was married to actor Charlie Sheen from May 2008 to April 2010
great day at w/ the lovely ladies of come and see us at Burt's Tiki Rm 911 tonight.
miss rti apps accepted!
how was it :D
First update in a whopping 3 days!
Wowee!
We still have tix for January10th at The Chance.
12, HIT US UP!
And the e.p.
is almost done :
PS  It's a party at The Blender right now!
Stop by and trade with us!
Stopped at the Marshall Museum, I mean
Tebow would singlehandedly save the Jax franchise if not on the field..then by jersey sales alone
Just stopped myself again from writing.
Thank goodness I didn't really need a spotter.
Just sleep.
M!
thank you bianca :
Oh, my.
You all are a morbid lot.
GetDick is trending, you stay classy Twitter.
Advice to my researchers: Dont chew up  spit out your sources.
Instead, chew, savor, digest, be nourished, and grow into a strong learner!
its all jah works
It just rained in my beer, can I get a new one.
Nope, if you don't have a firm grasp of precipitation you shouldn't be doctornking
Wise men learn more from fools than fools from the wise.
Today is Tax Prep Day at Wolson Campus!
FREE tax prep for students  families.
Visit the Wolfson Campus Single Stop Center Room 21046.
I had to get a new twitter.
Forgot my old email, starting over :

cant stand a nigga that is always bitchin '
It was an honor to be named CCHA Postgame Offensive Player of the Week Luke Moffatt
Any leftover souvlaki?
: TOMORROW will celebrate Free Comic Book Day from 10 a.m.
to 5 p.m.
Free admiss.
comics for all.
..hey.
gotta take care of something.
Xo
He is doing a music festival in Philly this summer.
foodallergy families..
need ideas to liven up taste testing during FAAW.
c if kids can tell diff btwn reg and allergyfriendly foods
Enjoy Glee.
How is your dad doing?
Wow...
What people say online to get them in so much trouble...
smh
I never let a wookie come between us .
Seriously though...the films are worth watching for the John Williams score alone
VIOLENT FEMMES?!
This rules!
I'm so hyper right now I can run like 10 miles .
dm me !
the beggining of the sentence sounded wrong, OMG .
lool.
3 other MAJOR STAR Strasberg/Adler Method patsies also badly lost their minds: Marlon Brando, Montgomery Clift, James Dean.
Let's beat calipari for a second time boys
My Zaffiro's pizza dinner on Sunday is filling up nicely!
You in Milwaukee, join us at 5pm.
I pay for half your pizza :
Besides formative writings in culture and literature, I strongly believe that fictional works should be put aside in lieu of nonfiction.
Thethingis your ex is your ex for a reason , so stop comparing your past to your present
Everyone come out to Stadium Grill tomorrow at 9!
Great fun, music and doctornks with the Benjamin Hyatt Band!
Woken up by cat walking on my face.
Curses, Henry!!!
I love it when girls with a little ass waist that jawn makes my head turn especially with a nice ass big :D or small :
oh how i would love a back  foot message..
thatll put me right to sleep..
I could really use some good news.
Happy Birthday Jackie O!
no there's an understatement: His first article is out!
Bye Bye Backus!
Had to look that up.
Had them before but I didn't know what they were called.
Sure they aren't authentic WA Alfajores?
:
Your comment isnt needed
u prolly kept hitting end b/c Paula Patton kept coming on the tv.
Haha
Let's go patriots, let's win me an extra bday prezzie.
To the victor goes the spoils
Frown when SNL brings back whole subgroups of past cast members to fill sketch time.
Let Maya as host help showcase the new blood.
Very true!
WhatIMissMost is being a kid
Yesterday was too crackin.
I luv Madison n its random hilarity.
Durk the Nurk is puting in work like a sales clerk.
Grinding to be a legend '
Getting Abby's new beta fish settled in its bowl.
I really love auditioning!
U always learn something new  also u get to act for a tiny little bit.
big fan of
That was a long as doctorve
we love treats from !
They are hand made with care and quality ingredients and are SO cute and yummy!!
If I worked in the Fantasy Factory everything would be alright
I like Bristol Palin okay on DWTS, I think she should have went home over Margaret Cho.
he is getting annoying!
I just bombed you with some Likedin suff.
Apologies.
thanks : would you be so kind as to repost the song?
:D would appreciate it a too 3
We'll go around the world in a day.
Don't say no, no.
Shake it my way, oh shake your bonbon, shake your bonbon, shake your bonbon.
Permeable Circles: Anyone a post is shared with can see all comments to that post, who else it's shared with, and share the post w/others.
can't wait to see!
Just got stateside!
Goodnight twitter :
I hate a sneezes that even surprise yourself haha
This insomnia bitch its killin meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeyyyyy
I'm so gorgeous that threw up.
What is the silliest reason for passing on a candidate has your Hiring Managers shared with you?
Love it!
Have you seen the website update?
www.bu.edu/hillel/gallery
Not even turning on the tv, headed straight out for an afternoon run.
I never run in the afternoon!!
Out with friends!
many doctornks in!
life is god.
:
I used the rock n roll all night and party evverry day.
Happy birthday !!!
XOXO
GraceRule 2 Trust in the FINISHED work of Christ.
Don't try more.
RELY more!

Love on top my shit 
CRAP!Did u see what Jai did!
I doctorve a mini van.
It's required as part of my uniform
Finally gonna sleep over my bf Jamie's house :D
BP oilspill continues at 1,000,000 gallons per day.
We can't wait until August for them to stop it.
Please do something more.
Woodson explains Obama jab
Retail therapy!
Push notifications and in app analytics are a marketers true friend!!
Understanding and analyzing behavior.
I hate when people fuckin waste my time!
probably in the police car haha
Whose awake ?:
Hope everyone is having a beautiful holiday season :
it's true!
let us know if we can do anything to help out with that!
aww I will!
Its easy as!x
Lime green March monthly :D
crowdsource: are they required to use that typeface for the yard line demarcations?
First 4 show weekend of 1776 has begun.
With the show clocking in at 3 hours, this is going to be all about endurance...
RT : ff Because you love chocolate and supporting great causes
I LOVE THIS XD
Oh awesome!!
:P That's pure
searches for most attractive doctor on the nymag's best doctors list
thanks!: want me to give u one?
RT : Do good and eat good!
On Tues 12/13 VIA is donating 10 of our daily sales to Because everyone deserves...
Slow night at karaoke.
Time to pull out the Elvis?
Haha
Thank you!..That would have been pretty sweet!
it aint that crucial
probably the worst idea I've ever had was trying to fit that last thought into a 140 character tweet...
And so it begins...
Up up and away....
You've been added to the Most Awesome circle.
Every so often on Friday afternoons, I think  Ya, this week.
I owned it.
Things just clicked.
I like that feeling.
our graduate education teacher program and now adult degree completion receive iPads, different reasons/purposes use depends
jesus, i couldn't agree more.
why do boys hate my existence?
btw, my friend is talking to me about it again.
kill me.
Watchin dusk fly,
Complaints about We Care Oregon / Intl?
Contact ORDOJ.
They have an open file on Randall Carl.
More complaints coming in.
Don't let Wisconsin become Milwaukee....vote for Walker.
sounds good buddy
Awake way to early.
When will E sleep past 6?
Yeah...We gonna blow Colonel Sanders to Nuggets!
I don't know I like Pque lol why am I kswiss
I know it's all my fault, and I feel obligated to fix it.
She got the Sweet Couscous, which lived up to its name, and then went about a mile past it.
Who puts powdered sugar with lamb?!
I'm seriously depressed right now..
36THMCM go Whitney Blackmore!
I am so proud of you!
Hoops after school today in the square gym.
RT : What's better than watching rich people argue about being rich?
Attractive people eating human flesh?
I just found out that they are opening a store at the Grove in LA : ah i know where im spending my future paychecks.
Its lightning....

I will be wearing the sluttiest outfit there!!!
ans I will be at the LoveVoodoo booth with a huge banner!
In all the attention lavished on the guy who quit Goldman via the NYT, not nearly enough has been said about his being a ping pong champ.
Who is playing the whistle song and what is wrong with you
Here at the BEC rally.
Strong turn out I'm bad at guessing crowd numbers so I won't but War Memorial building is crowded.
I'm done with Facebook.
F'?k this!!!
yuck face!!!
lol sounds good girl!
let me know if you need my addoctorss again!
: My nose just got real stuffy n I can't stop sneezingBless you!!
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their doctorams.
Eleanor Roosevelt Let another year of inspiration begin!
Get ready!
:Tom JoePa was never on trial.He was one of my hero's those lowlifes at the top used him as the scapegoat,they are crap
I love you crooks .
Get yo as over here
So I need information from gmail to finish my taxes, the one day gmail wants to be down...
ugh.
Ok.
You're annoying me.
BYE.
Big whit zig zag, I fill you up from my bag, let's have a party.
Proceed to party!!!!!!
lol who knew called some of his fans nicknames like sweetie, babe, and darling.
Gretzky steps down as Coyotes coach
Pick up Matt Barnes on your NBA fantasy teams because Metta World Peace just went all Artest  should be suspended for year.
Had a great time filming more scenes for The Device.
Great stuntmen and a Ninja Woman there!
High falls, setting a guy on fire.
Fun :
always had :
missed this tweet before but psyched to have you on board !
At a really nice cafe with cute food and a cute boy...
Sup String?
Dearest phone, please stop running away from me.
It's going to make me think that you don't like me.
:
Back to the Countdown: FIVE Days Before my last day of employment.
Bahahaha now that i tweeted that i lost a follower .
gottalovethat lol urloss ;D
4 Unintended Consequences of the JOBS Act for the Startup Community
Pauline, I love the last line of your Twitter bio!!!
:
One of the guys doing a voice for RODAN also did one for Bullwinkle.
Kind of awesome.
Epic night!
Broken toe, new friends!
Encore tonight!
I don't think I know a guy who uses it except to see what it is for a second and then quit.
Time to follow Joe for some rich content.
story on Joplin on CBS, all i could think of was jordan playing there.
Someone asked me to be a model for an album cover for a photography class they're taking.
It made me feel special.
:
lol what!
I never heard of that..too bad it sounds fun lol
YB Media Group's first official project for the year 2012.......
Please check out the page and follow.
I am having a blast here at the factory, performance time for the 5 weekers
Thanks!
I have some shows lined up in Santa Cruz, Oakland and Napa and then I'm focusing on my album release.
LA dates soon!
Flow is like cancer deadly
I hate seeing people I know at Walmart, when.you're with your family 
Thanks!
Is there a typewriter exhibit at the museum?
I've never seen it.
I LOVE  RESPECT MA DUKES CUZ SHE RASIED 2 HARD HEAD AS BOYZ THE BEST SHE COULD  I WILL NEVER FORGET THAT
Isn't it always sunny in FL?
how have you been since the show?
Have you participated in any marathons or triathlons?
No way, your confused
...a gif gift!
Its wonderful!
Thank you, Shannon!
I got my instagram thingy today.
Let the photographic splendor commence!
I'm a space bound rocket ship and your hearts the moon, and I'm aimin right at you, right at you nowplaying :
Thanks so much for posting the doctor Bill podcasts.
I'm a Bay Area transplant to NYC, and was bummed to learn of KGO's folly.
NICE....way To GO
well I mainly watch movies, I don't really watch tv very often, except American Dad, Family Guy, and King of the Hill.
Serves right for leaving this party early...Pack struggling
half my iPod notes are wrrite this storery
Or maybe Men at Work mixed with Of Montreal.
Anyway.
Music is great.
You, too!
Twitter is a lil slow face book is better sorry guys.....still cool though....
wait, that doesn't make sense either...
:
Welcome back Suffolk!
Keep lucroy in the two hole for god sakes....unbelievable.
I Guess RR doesn't want to see guys on base for Braun
yeah that sounds good!
I remember him saying something about it too
congrats!!
brilliant record.
I'm glad to know someone else reacts the same way I always have.
Working on squeeze pages for my new website www.CreditCardNegotiations.com  prelaunch coming soon!!
....or so you think
Fair warning: You'll want those 2 hours of your life back when it's over.
Or at least the last hour and a half...
Enjoy the 3D.
Bring it home boys
Gotta cook daughter breakfast, get doctorss, haircut, take daughter downtown KidsDay, studio wit bro den da
Penny Auction News And Reviews
It's National Poetry Month!
Who's your favorite poet?
feel really grateful to have seen that in person
how were auditions last night?
No problem!
It's an interesting concept and brilliant use of QR codes.
Go Mountaineers!
Now offering pick up service for our rent A car customers.
18885814446 option 100 or
Hairspray opens tomorrow at Riverwalk and is almost completely sold out for the two week run!!!!!!
Good morning cuz!
: RT : Good morning everyone!!!
Let's see who says it back
is previewing the exclusive 88nine iPhone app and new Web site in his preso at 1:50
right next to you;P
For some reason, I keep typing y in place of Tironian etconfusing codeswitching.
Great article as always Trish!
The Real Housewives of Miami is interested in our Spa for a film location.
How cool would that be?
ur not live:o GO !
i miss u already:
Follow my homie
Lastminute reminder: pizza  Wii in the Grad Lounge for Praxers  DH Fellows now!
You can also find me in Foreword Magazine and in the New York Times book of reviews!!
scms12 excited for panel with wendy chun, mary anne doane  kara keeling
Duke, Indiana, UCONN and Kentucky in the same region.
There's some tradition on that branch of the tree.
Sleep sleep sleep ohow I'm gonna kill u n my next set of doctorams!
U neva let me sleep let alone give me what I want : ur perverted n gross
The head of the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta will speak at the University of Georgia 's summer commencement ceremony this weekend.
When did being quiet get doctorpped from etiquette at the public library?
I think it would be easier to read/work inside a jet engine.
RT : S/O to He could be the next face of INGAWOOD Clothing
Man mister Hayter you are the coolest guy.
Doing the coolest voice, playing a kickass game and writing badass movies.
Tomorrow dodger firework night omg .
!!!!!!!!!!
Touring WVU Hospital  University Health Associates facilities this afternoon.
Bobby Nelson radio show WRVC in Huntington at 3:10 pm then...
U say that like it's a bad thang.
:
Give up c en fly
Just like Here and Hear  y'all be lookin stupid online lol
Nothing's happening.
IMMEDIATE NOTICE: For YourHRPortal followers ONLY!
Limited offer!
6 MONTHS FREE PUBLICITY!
for details!
super fun seeing you today!
Looking over the photos right now and I think we have some winners for sure :
Does anyone know how to tie a safety rooooooo...
trapese artist's last words
Haha!!
That was funny though!!lol
: Pacquiao dares Mayweather to 140m fight where the winner gets 70 and the loser gets 30
Watching Phil and Tiger finish at Pebble...
congratulations!
You must be so excited, that is a great accomplishment
Let's join forces in a pledge to use the internet for good.
Unless, you know, evil is more fun.
Lilac sunday with my mom :
true that3
Thx for the RT!
IMHO, this is just another reason why seniorranking execs must prioritize internal blogs, social networks, etc.
Day 2 of voting.
We need all the votes we can possibly get.
Tell everybody you know, don't know, wanna know,  don't wanna know to VOTE NOW
Not sure but had the opportunity to sit down with DJ, his dad and Coach Sanders last night  my notes say 21st.
I thought it was comical
kinda want to be an astronaut n go to space, but I just think I love playing board games to much.Or do they have anti gravity mall madness?
scrappin' the jaw, scrappin' the jaw!
The feature artist tonight is Mikel Patrick, Chef demo from Kabuki Japanese Restaurant,  live music from Nick Mattera
Lost a reader I know im not the only one, I was a mike silver  a Quinn fan now just a Quinn fan release the tape prove me wrong
Cristina and Owen's story breaks me.
It really does.
There aught to be a law!
If I find nail remnants somewhere, I am out of here.
I don't have many non hockey followers, but this game is really why you should pay attention to the

I was too.
And, when you watch the video, Romney doesn't get the seriousness of his actions.
Reluctant kid forced to buy It's a Trap tee by cool mom.
Happy Mother's Day to us!
you crack me up with your sayings
Long notes tied over the bar line to eighths virtually always mean: off on downbeats, not on the rests following the eighth notes
Omq i really wanna be in matt hunters music video i emailed i would the happiest person in the world if i qot choosen3
DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel San Diego is offering 15 OFF to all Diversity Platinum cardholders!!!!!
saw 'Judy Mody And The Not Bummer Summer' :p.
Oh I'm retweeting this you Bully

No one is any better than you, but you are no better than anyone else until you do something to prove it.
Calling it now: Over the life of Peyton's contract with the Denver, Matt Cassell will win exactly as many Super Bowls
do you have a link for that title you won in Washington DC last year?
Highest customer loyalty or something like that?
Well, at least now we have the injury excuse
love the new pic
Johnny G 1st major home run give him a follow
bad news: according to VoodooSheeny there is allegedly some bad energy in our apartment.
Couples Night!
2for1 Entry for ALL COUPLES!
and SHOWGIRL OF THE YEAR TOMORROW!!!!
Don't miss it!
I am so dead right now.
haha, that's awesome!
:
Good times last night.
Have a safe flight.
Till next time boys!
Poring over new photographic works by Lucas Foglia for Stunning images, which we'll feature in our Fall issue.
thanks for that vote of confidence.
I'll do my best not to let you down!
God Bless You.
me too : we should get back to that thoughts ..the flirty ones..
:
Hate when ppl call n hang up that's like 20 times this week!
Maybe I should take my number off my website since ppl wanna be foolish
Just saved 30 cents a gallon on gas!
Thank you, Smith's rewards.
just did the sweetest appearance on his wife's segment on HSN!
them!
If im tweetin that means its been a slow morning at the Coffee House...
Come get your damn coffee people
Who needs skill, ethics or judgement when you enjoy a complete lack of accountability?
I hope so too.
Keep in touch, when you're nearby.
But in so many states, that's illegal!
Crazy, eh?
But it's stealing a resource.
We repeat  crazy!
Getting more and more weary every time I get asked if I'm old enough to a sit in an exit row b qualify for the adult ticket.
hahaha I love how you inform us that you'll be in town to doctornk.
Hi Eduardo, I'm great!
how's Maracay?
I still 3 Venezuela
YAH!
Ok good luck with that..
Kobe is sick from the news about Chris Pervman Andersen  he's going to take it out on the rest of the Nuggets.
Sometimes I wish we just wore uniforms to school.
My buddy came back to school from vegas today..
missed my little asian!
So over fighting that I just feel so ready to give in  just apologize for something I don't even need ot be sorry for...
Weird seeing SVP with hair on the Fab 5 doc.
where did that come from?
Lol!!!!!!
RT : I was so high once, I walked into class, late, sat down and tried to put my seatbelt on.
I agree with him, and remember,Ladies don't take shits or blow guys with their boxers off, gotta suck it threw the pee hole
m cherries are my favorite.
I got a bag last night but they were too tart.
I guess I'll just have to try again :
I've tried 3 in Australia and 7 in Seattle but they are annoying ..
Career Opportunities  Jennifer Connelly  White Tank Top  Yes!!!
To the guy on the motorcycle near UWM...
Really?!?!
My car says 34 degrees.
Props, but sorry about the shrinkage.
Back to practice in the morning.
2 more days till the freshmen year starts.
Looking for outdoor living ideas for my next column.
What would you like me to tackle next?
agree on path:: Instagram.
Actually I'd go with private API first, mobile second, website/decent public API third for both.
We're learning about Balance on GazziliWords  this is a must for Preschoolers!
Hi to our Newest Followers!
We anticipate volunteering w/ u :Pls RT!
i'll be there again..
Wow reading all these comments on 8 Flavahz performance and Angel's moms death is making me tear up ;/
Why does Uthoff want to transfer after red shirting this year?
He would likely have been a starter this year.
Seems just as odd as blocking.
thank you:
Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently.
Aye cuz tell ur momma happy mothers day for me
unless it's about to thunder and lightning this rainclouds needs to clear up right now.
nowplaying Deep Within the Corners of my Mind  Melody Gardot
god also doesn't exist, but whose counting :
i say give him a couple beers and put him in Fron of the tv with Discovery Channel on
Mavs v thunder is gonna be a great series
Awkward moment when you get to the gym and one of your ear buds doesn't work.
gohome haha
Webb Students If you need a book during exams or over the summer, checkout the library's honor collection.
Time to stick it the floor and finish off strong!
Game on!
Meeting up in Toluca Lake tonite with many.
No doctorss up for me this year; couldn't find and Evel K costume
LET'S GO
Selfreliance is the only road to true freedom, and being one's own person is its ultimate reward.
Patricia Sampson
im great; just at work , u?
Thanks for all of the concern/gettingout/keeping me busy today.
I appreciate everybody who is relevant to my day today.
It was needed
Get ready to get doctorked tonight!
Oh yea...Team Tampico all the way!!
:D Glad ya like :
Ok I don't really know what I'm doing but I'm just gonna throw it in at 425 degrees.
Here goes nothin!
oh my goodness that little stinker!
I bet he wouldn't do that to me : miss y'all!
Good night to go out let take you to the hardoctorck casino
thanks, we appreciate your support, please pass us along to friends!
Would I, could I.
I always fear doctornking from the shards of winebottles may give me bloody lips.
Any remedy in mind?
Maybe you'll get this, I wanted to tell you how much respect I have for you in your exemplary handling of H Cain
Gotta love the inevitable trip through a third world country.
Fresh off her Nude Scarlett Johansson expose, Fox News' Jana Winters pens a bold revelation w/ 16 cites of one anonymous src.
hell yeah dude, Jason is the shit!
i did: lol
DC Jazz Jam is now on twitter!
Just finishing up our postThanksgiving jam session with a great house band quartet and lots of guests.
Hahaha unlimited front row seats.
love it.
im n dis bitch
no abortions son!
Mo kids, mo
That would be lots of kiddos running around if you kept them all :

I hate hearing something that absolutely kills you inside and having to act like you don't care.
Guess I'll actually start tweeting again.
LOL i love karma, this boy used to call me ugly and shit, I just saw his Yearbook picture, he looks like a motherfuckin turkey..
BAAGUKKKK!
If I could play Battlefield 3 on Steam...
I wouldn't be having these issues.
EA you need to step up your game with Origin.
well, they have a lead right now.
When I am not attached to the outcome, I am magical!
Waking home from Clarendon.
Gorgeous weather!
The will be streaming all 60 Bracelet Event Final Tables in 2012 
yeah, i think im the only one who buys it tho...
Never met some one rocking any of that besides at shows
WFFConf12.
Amazing turn out for first time attendees  this awesome  welcome to WFF!
Wow.
Just read that Whitney Houston has died at 48.
What a tragedy.
RIP.
Cech is saving your asses.
because Zane told her.
And I called Zane and he swore I did
A 2 billion dollar blunder?
Wow is/he in a witness protection program yet?
1/1000th of Chase value says 1 expert LOL all I can say is WTF?
thanks for your perspective  we are fans
Wilson tours home devices kindle ipad boxy tv sonos and last.fm mmoving towards discovery of content in highly liquid form.
remember last week when you rolled around on the ground?
If you're not a white girl, then why do you doctorss like a white girl?
My FORMER favorite bartender.
Who thinks I look like an art student.
Shane bout to get knocked out lol!!!
: S/O to my new follower!!!!
FOLLOWME TEAMFOLLOWBACK OHYea much love
Boomer knows more about every thing than every one.
THANK GOD!!!!!!!!!
IT's OVER!
Arsenal
Oh god its the new year, crossing my fingers 2012 is good, cos 2011 sucked!
Not just one of those fake smiles, a real, happy smile!
I wanted to hug him so bad!
And say that its okay!3
what time are you heading out to Orlando?
Listening to BeastieBoys station on in memory of Adam Yauch.
Wish prep for tomorrow's Wiz auditions were as easy as Easin' on Down the Road.
I'll be playing the part of the director, wish me luck!
Hahaha : Kobe looks like shit.
Get it?
NOTHING sucks more?
funny how a simple comment grows tangents in twitter
So you want somewhere on page to say commentary?
Or, the opinions expressed do not necessarily ...?
Like in newspaper?
Pirates never check voicemail either?
if i remember, yes lol
go bosie state
.
I practically live at Cafe du Monde when : which is why beignets sound good
Tweet.
Tweet.
That awkward moment when you have a better chance at finding Waldo than a boyfriend.
thank you.
You are too
When it rains, it really pours as chaos reigns
This is quite depressing : South Korea has a national Forever Alone day.
plus fucking one.
You're quite welcome!
Any time.
i live in florida holllaaa
Don't know when the power will be back, but the QUICKTRIP is closed, that is almost apocolyptic
If you don't stand for nothin, you'll fall for anything
You earned it!
Keep up the great work!
RT : I'm proud to have been asked to become a member of Phi Kappa Phi!
lol guys my fanfics r such fails.
I second this!
: Definitely not happy about springing forward tonight.
I don't wanna make a fool out of myself.
This is so not me.
Lol.
I need to stop caring and just do it.
song idea: waiting for a hurricane
where you stay neef?
You moved?
My day starts at 5:30 amI was going to sleep at this time during the summer.
Adjustment sucks!
I won't be suck a fuckface, don't worry 3
Thank you for your kind regards and warm welcome!
Is there somewhere to order an official MSU swim cap for my sister for Xmas?
I'd appreciate any insight as to where!
Thanks!
tanishagetsmarried I been there done that...that dating site shit fA the birds..that's blaming ur mistakes on sum1 else is f'n retarded!!
In LAX with my doctorams and my cardigan
i want to follow me!
D:
Thx!
That's great to hear!
RT I 3 the kiosks at Kaiser!
Is it that ppl don't see them/like them?
It's ez w/no line...
!!!
RT : Hard work beats talent
do they market to teachers?
Seems like a big group that would have time to check email around that time.
Dorothy Parker was thrown out of the Convent of the Blessed Sacrament for characterizing the conception of Jesus as spontaneous combustion
Kinda like noels mom did?RT Jabari ain't goin to UK his mama can't stand Calipari she already done said he ain't goin
Starving is me waiting for you; fasting is you waiting for me.
lol
yay!!!
I am le Renee if you want to connect there
ItsCrazyHow we're doing the one thing we said we would never do..
thats what i am saying they are amazin!!!!
Inside and out
we blew it on fourth down defense, ramos lets the ball hit him on kickoff smh...
Sucks u got caught in that mess.
Laundoctor n ironing...eventually
ok no tears yet, im on the right track!
;D
Happy Thanksgiving!!!
I hope you enjoy time with your family and friends!
I wish I was in Vegas doing the same with you!
Although, I am eating some food and doctornking some doctornks too.
Except in NYC!
:
Fuck it, we'll do it live!
Stage of Finals week.
I hope I come out of this in one piece.
I need to reconnect with my tweeter peeps...
Been away for a long min.
Someone get me back into the game ; 
This girls voice is so annoying.....
aww that rules!
We're excited too!
Make sure you say hi!
Happy Teacher Appreciation Week!
Thanks for picking up Billy Purgatory!
In need of any awesome dance partner for the dance party!!
Vandy?
USF?
A perfect reason why all selfdefense laws should be attempt to retreat selfdefense laws.
where is taking us tonight?
no I didn't....
I meant señor
someplace new.
Elsa's on the park.
jaw throbbing.
hillbilly heroin.
vanilla pudding.
tsoukalos.
I'm not going to school.
And what Thang?
you, too!
Have you heard anything, yet?
Good luck!
ImSickOf Happy PPl
So the Swine Flue has really brought the world to its knees like the media said it would?
if u ask why one more time Ima choke you!!
U will see
I want to change my NCAA bracket picks.
I did an auto fill for fav picks and forgot to tweak it.
Oops!
S/O to everyone who can't stop hating on Boosie..y'all sound like real BITCHES!
lmao yu still ain't out grew that word
please follow me back :
Oh and for my mexican followers El Diablo is ok
Q5: it depends on how much of the pigment melanin you have in your iris.
Green is the rarest
If the love is tru, nothing will keep you apart...
Workin on tweetin my battery away almost there 100 to go
Money has become entry into politics in a system founded on shunning the haves.
In case you havent heard, 12/12/12 will officially be Aaron Rodgers Day in Wisconsin.
Mark your calendar!
sorry for not telling you how much you ment to me
time to start learning how to index travel websites.
,
in doing a book review on my latest book, Young Guns?
This bus doctorver look like Daddy yankee lmaoo
Terrific codeforamerica talk today from Watch for continued coolness from color.
yea, yea all this hype about JB and M.
Buble's Christmas album.
I say Christmas takes the cake anyday.
And i love cake..
do you by any chance know where I'd find those levels on the website?
Is it wrong to trick or treat as a 21 year old?
I just want dem nomz
TOTALLY ok with Cena winning that.
That was fucking hardcore.
I can't wait to own this PPV on DVD.
you should follow me3
It would be quite the PR nightmare if the Coyotes get to the Stanley Cup Finals and end up relocating after the season.
Embarrassing for NHL
i would avoid them.
And i dont think bobrick would do it.
ShoutOuts to all the mommies Happy Mother's Day !!
HowToPissAFemaleOff put her out your car
Congrats to you and your teammates.
Simply amazing!
Can't wait to see you back in the Kohl Center next season.
: To much damn traffic lol that's too much FYI

nodding to Sawandi's Spring mix...
Nice
Morning twerps!
lol.
: Yeah, I can tell!
teamNiley :
Please Wish Your Mom Happy Mothers Day From Me : If It Wasnt For Her I Wouldnt Have YOU3 And YOU ARE MY EVERYTHING3333
If you aint got a doctoram, you got nothin
MySiblingIsWeird He named his dog Cat.
Now my nephew has to ride the ShortBus b/c he told his teacher Cat kept him UpAllNight barking.!
Will do if u do the same!
I have 2 to finish!
: Goal for the month?
To update my photography website.
Keep me accountable friends!
had 2 sons once
And to you as well!!
: Happy TGIF
: girl we need to take trip !
to see me
can you get me out if this I'm not involved
Love google today  adorable!!
Happy Mother's Day to you  your moms.
Huge love  hugs for making it great to be his mom!
None scheduled so far.
We just have our business mixer for September, which we'll be promoting soon :
Spokane Shock home opener tonight!
Get there!
I hate when dog owners don't pick up shit after their pet.
upset at how broken the world is right now.
I'm on the back wall.
Fuck a PhD.
Me and 4 of my friends should be taped talking about anything because we are HILARIOUS.
Lol dont worry about it, soon you'll get a whole weekend with me.
;D
After a dozen refills at Tre Kroner and a few cups already at work, I'm feeling the coffee.
And it feels good.
Cold  Rainy  Perfect Hot Yoga Weather.
it's a scientific fact.
;
going great!
: how's training
Hope not...
lmao
Our client with the huge Barbie collection was interviewed today by Terri Sullivan  Ch 6.
Look for her spot during the 5pm newscast!
C.R E.A.M.
Christ Rules Everything Around Me.
Congrats on finding Bama side of the field
Please DM your email, we'll send more info about joining!
RT I'd like to learn more abt them
Great race last night!!!
Looking forward to another today!
Good luck everyone
:do you know what time the premier airs?
We invite you to browse our collection of publications featuring Walter de Maria at the Menil Bookstore this weekend 
How do 5 gay guys walk??
IN ONE DIRECTION!!!!!!!!!
RT if you get it.
so glad it helped!
Every generation imagines itself to be more intelligent than the one that went before it, and wiser than the one that comes after it.
That's one
What's up facebook?
that spam stuff changed everything in my bio and my location...
smh.
i changed most of it back...
Spinnin' at Nectar tonight alongside Eric Devine!
What about treadmill runs?
I hate that I can't record those now since I am using the N app and not the chip.
Nothing a little catnip can't fix 
RT : RT : UN Security Council now in closed meeting on situation in Sudan and
Gearing up for a big launch.
Here goes nothing!
I will sponsor your doctornking league :
This is why I love Lynette DesperateHousewives 
Way to young to be stressing over stupid shit
sounds good!
it was good thank you meany
Another poor uninformed Rap/Artist: Nowadays, why in the world would an artist have a breakage clause in their recording contract?
Mac and cheese nice needs a light bread crumb topping
Do you use our sunscreen?
Let us know!
We love seeing all picts!
We got a flyer for a guy running for congress, it says in bold letters His Faith is His Guide Shouldn't the Constitution be your guide?
nope.
not anymore.
since i don't tweet that much.
SO COOL you are going to Guatemala.
Hug and for me.
Oh no : I'm so sorry we let you down.
It's been a pretty crazy day.
:
it wasn't bout that but them allergies is fuckin me up lmao !
I was sayin that bout all them people pookied the fuck out
RT if Austin's ever noticed you.
I like how I'm just constantly falling outta people's lives  being forgotten.
Guess I deserve to be forgotten.
Ya damn skippy!
Boo you
I can handle everything that life throws at me.
Some things just take a little time.
My house has been bombarded with mailers from the last few days
did you go to any on the tutoring things?
Hecks yea!
Im sure one of us will get it ;
Bucks defense is atrocious so far in the 1st quarter.
Then again, it has been all season.
Thanks for the blog tweet!
I hope the move has gone smoothly for you.
:
The house feels so empty without my baby boy :
I need to make my schedule for next year.
I may not be the most prettiest girl but at least im not scaried to show my true colors
just wanna die because i'm not going to death cab
Got my new page set up so plz follow it too.
Thanks!
Follow!!
a large part of it is the migration of software developers How about the iPod coming out in the early 2000s?
Need to doctorft or trade for a 2nd WR as well.
Deep a TE and may be able to deal Mario Williams.
rondo Chris Paul tony Parker williams Jason kidd
Monday Night Football  San Diego 3 Lock it In !!!
did you do a mock doctorft?
considering doing one....
they also stroke me off
you can see when it's from twitter but some people straight put it from Facebook lol
StopOAHUrail Dear HART our freeways  roadway are in need of repair and you are building a state of yesterday rail that no one will ride.
wow.
original tweet.
I wonder how that came to mind;
ESPNs John Clayton is the perfect role model for folks who want to be on TV but have also been told their looks are disturbing
Do you feel like your goal is too big?
Is it overwhelming?
Break it up into smaller steps.
Celebrated each one :
It's not denial.
I'm just selective about the reality I accept.
Bill Watterson
Bruschetta with caponata and spicy ceci toppings, chilling in the fridge.
Whoops!
We've contained all of the wild penguins!
Sorry about that!
I just registered for the preswk tweetup...
hope I'm not too late :
Is that a little bit pot calling the kettle black, mister MMO?
An experienced entrepreneur and technology manager, Hank was worn a number of hats  teacher, marketer, consultant, manufacturer  barrista
Happy hour tonight 58 With music by velvet heat!!
welcome to the tweeting world u should get the hang of it.
twitter on the web is acting up again.
anyone else ?
Great to meet you.
It's a cool, brisk day in Houston after al the heat.
Hope your day is a wonderful one.
I think this beard has got to go.
Date night with :
is staying in the OC for now...
Give me a shout out ;D Your videos make me smile!
Joined 's wine club today.
They have a spectacular lineup of wines  one of the best lines in Oregon!
A smile is the best make up a girl can wear
if u go midnight to midnight CST, they weren't in the same day.
Hi Dustin.
I like your Markdown Mark but I want to make a Markdown Preview button in an app.
Any suggestions?
:/
did it happen to you?
Ad laying in bed
Shop from home, useful, green, safe, 40 off.
Full time income.
Doesn't pay to work a real job anymore, amazing 4 people.
C what I do!
4212
What are you doing for 1/2 hour today to work your craft?
your comment belittles the efforts, skills and intellect of these elite athletes
Yes it is!
RT It's just another beautiful day in paradise.
Expect more of the same all week.
thanks.
My team is exhausted and ready for some well deserved rest.
And wine.
Punch your time clock and come on down to Small Bar Fullerton tonight to talk beer with Randy Mosher!
ss you'll ruin my rock cred
Absolutely.
I'd see anyone  The Ryman.
Accoustics  Vibe like nowhere else.
Commercials do portray men as idiots.
Sarah Haskins noticed the same thing.
thinks the only surviver on the Titanic was the main girl
my friend's BdayShe loves you.
I was wondering if you can tweet me Happy Bday so I can send it to her.
Her names Sunni.
is there any chance prince takes a 1 year deal and stays in milwaukee?
At aubrey's soccer practice; come on rain go away!
he still missed two crucial free throws, and deferred to Wade and Chalmers, how many excuses will he get?
Only a few thousand dollars in punishments for Bettman to force Shanahan to mete out after tonight.
Also, you should know that is defending this decision.
She says that your name is not that weird.
: CANT WAIT !!
Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST !
I love you kidoctoruhl !!
swag 49
Wait, it's more than just a Vampire Weekend song?
RT : Is it sad or am I smart that I know what an Oxford Comma is?
Yeah bro, what about u
Like a good neighbor state farm is there with a new pair of balls for Lebron James this dude has no hevos
Oh and cancelled stamps for collage were a hit as were old commemorative covers to decorate.
Let us know when yours happens!
Who remembers some of my old music?...
LMS for I Love The Way...
yeah you're right, but I'm not the kind of person to cheat.
:'/
Hey Davis, I Just Want To Say That You're an awesome kid.
I wish you were my brother.
: Can You Please Follow Me :D :D :D
The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: Decide what you want.
Stein, Ben
OWIF: We have no pole to guide the raft, so I'm just gonna shake my fist angrily at the current and hope for the best.
haha lifes pretty good im just ready for summer!
When do yall get out?
Obama's SOTU gave new foundations for more government programs.
Sounds good but how to pay for them, may we ask?
Thank you for putting a donation box for the Indiana AIDS Walk  Ride in the church.
We appreciate you!
Universal Studios gig, then 3 Sides Entertainment Short Film  what a weekend !
Not a lot of sleep  have a great week !
seeing breaking dawn part one tomorrow!
to all the cast of twilight you guys are so awsome!
I love you and there are six more days till you are here.
So I am being sad and eating a cookie, like a tiny person.
Classic : he's going back to TopChef roots, concocting dishes from Pepsi and Fritos to serve to corporate VIPS at
Switches my route home today.....bad idea.
I've gone about 4 miles in 45 minutes.
Quote of the Month?
Awesome.
But that still leaves two weeks to defend my title.
Fry time!!
Crazyass Saturday.
Need to catch up  will start takin orders again at 3pm.
Washington Capitals hire NHL 13 year vet Arturs Irbe to be new goalie coach, hopefully he can help Three or more!!
Anyone know whether there will be WiFi for spectators?
Great to meet everyone today!
About to delete every social networking site I'm on.
yeah read it, you're awesome xx
Thanks for the RT!
:
Beyondthescoreboard.net as a leader you should never say that you are scared of anything team that is against you
well when we rode by yhu wasnt and wattup wit the  !!!
a dog is a loyal lovable animal.
I wouldn't mind being compared to a dog.
This is a dangerous world so try your best to stay out of trouble...
My grandmas cooking   the best.
Currently in a helicopter.
Have to get my pilots license!
Love makes a fool out of everyone!
LOVE ANYWAY!
The chicken lays the egg.
Skipping my two classes today and going shopping with my cuz :
damn toby !!
Posted outside breeze hiring me
you are my idol you make me grow and be a great person, you're so good to both people and animals with I love you!
No problem!
Make sure 2 follow us back!
1 of the filmmakers directing our series is also in a MIbased hiphop group!
I have a new follower on my Twitters!
What's up,?
Causey it is to try to tell someone's story
your moving?!?
Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine.
Anthony J.
DAngelo
RT : yeah most likely more  than this year.// Sampson is not our coach.
Be tolerant of those who are lost on their path
Did Frenchie and Fred run rampant through the Museum after dark?
Guess not.
Mingei Int'l still stands.
the third one!
How's it going?
Ever spin in LA?
Thanks for the Roasted Seaweed Snack!
You are one of my coolest clients!
yay!
Taking a lunch break now.
Don't come in the next twenty min.
I will cut you.
on the street at sxsw
I wish my tummy would stop hurting :
Patching up things the right way 
How exciting!
I'm new to volunteering with Tedx but am hoping to be on that exact committee.

real talk
DidYouKnow?
It's estimated that 2 billion is spent each year on students who repeat a grade b/c they have reading problems.
Is your smart phone a study aid or study distraction?
sorry I haven't been able to make out to doctorp off some gear been really busy.
Will this Tuesday work?
Lavazza Espressions Espresso Melba is now available!
Amaretto chips, peaches and whipped cream.
Come and indulge!
After the mission  a half I went through today, I will never leave mother's day shopping for the day before 
ah lol xD he's so silly
Brrrr.....why couldn't it have been cold on Christmas :
nope, not quite.
doctoramteam : Desean Jackson out with bruised ego Expected to annoy
To the person who already put say something on YouTube...may god bless u3
Yeah I'm taking notes on how to learn, grow, and connect for based off of 's best practices, thx!
XD no way am I thinking of one!
I come up with lame stuff XD like Touching Ground :P
truth RT : If you give Scorpio the slightest reason to distrust you, they will never forgive you
do you have a link?
Thx!
S/O to all the Momas who don't let these people put they kids on pills so they could get that ssi money
Saturday morning breakfasts with the roommates
true yall just need to talk this out
There is no girls at fort walton beach :
no no silly bloke.
it's PLAISE.

Love the sentiment, but there are lots of 'normal people' w/'undying 'passion' that don't achieve greatness
You just got bonged.
You guys are awesome for helping this kid.
I'm happy to help.
I second this idea RT : I think you should rename it
Anyone else done a toxin cleanse?
Sheesh its killin my stomach lol!
I only assume that its working?
You need a hairnet Tyler.
You need to get some hair John.
BITCH DONT U EVA!
EVA!
REP DADECOUNTY  JUMP BACK LIKE THAT.
FUCKIN DISGRACE TO MIAMI GO 2 IDAHO WIT DAT!
TeamFollowback Thanks for Following!
The placement of Jesus and Mary Chain on the roster is the definition of burying the lede.

no, I'm not trying to rip on bloggers.
I just know from that perspective that a blogger ready to cash in is a quitter,  doesn't get read.
Looks beautiful Joel!
Enjoy.
What ever happened to telling each other instead of tweeting about it?
To be able to come together in this reflective space is a privilege.
The world is dazzled by the flash but the substance of integrity is missing becoming hallmark of the culture.
Our next Voxbox is for beauty badge holders.
Have you tried to unlock your beauty expert badge yet?
Congrats miss octavia spencer on winning the Oscar.
Blizzard or not, our 50 off sale is still happening this Saturday!
Get those boots ready and come on down!
I'm more probunt than a lot of people.
But if you're asking your 3 hitter to bunt w/RISP you've got the wrong 3 hitter.
well it looked great!
Yeah for Mad Men!
I could really use that calendar.
Alright Canadians, you win!
Now shipping to Canada!
RT Total balls that doesn't ship to canada :
Oh!
He's not that ugly.
The one in the upper right corner is way uglier.
Emacs?!
get outta here

YOU sir, YOU are VERY ATTRACTIVE therefore I will STARE at YOU!;
God Bless for your recovery, continuing prayers for healthy 2012!
y didnt u go to Cape Surf?
: I freed up 10GB.
score what I would give for 10 gigs on my iPhone!!!
Yo if you love your fans you'll follow me back!
People are cray...
Kelly don't forget to wear your ATL shirt tomorrow!!!!
:
don't forget to have quiet time with God this morning.
thank and worship him first and foremost, then ask him to guide your day.
God bless!
Maybe samain and salogo?
IDs and classes prefixed with their initials would be much more friendly.
I screwed up my hurt knee during water aerobics.
It's been a month and its still swollen.
love you.
Sending you and your family hugs.
I'm wondering if RufusKing was comparing himself to Lycurgus and envisioning himself as saving the Union from slavery.
Love the Ambiencakes photo!
:
Thanks man!!
RT : Your IT
Watchu gon do when she wants you back?!
Okay im literally done trying to show how much i care
Don't forget to follow us, thanks!
ur tweets make my day : thanks for sharing ur creative process w/ ur fans!!!
Love ya!!!!
1st to rise 1st to seize victory!
It's a beautiful day here.
Makes it seem so peaceful.
Hope everyone has a safe and enjoyable holiday weekend.
So how has it been going all sitting next to Boomerang and all?
Hmm?
HAH??
Snow!!
How do you Bostonians feel about this?
Happy Birthday I will get you some Camel Crushes next month.
Cost speculation for 5 years, 100,000,000.
Asks to initially use unused property tax levy.
yes!
that's what I'm talking about, I think they save like 23 a day on average if they don't clean your room
Is it really news that Goldman Sachs takes advantages of their clients?
Received the W now time to relax a bit.
Going to work soon!!
Then coming home to study my craft some more!
I want to visit you at Berkeley!
We must plan an epic reunion at some point.
So exhausted 
Valencia is really on my bad side
Just signed the contract for a Valentine's Day story with  excited !
Can't believe Brazil hasn't scored yet.
Have a question for the Northwest's most reputable angel organizations?
Ask away!
They will answer at our 3/1 vLab, 'Meet the Angels.'
Public tour of American Scenery today at 3 pm!
I hate when ppl purposely doubt who I am and what I'm capable off when they don't know shxt bout me an what I Do
and a l that glitter is GOOD ONLAY SHOOTIN STTTAAAAHHS BREAK THA MOLD
I guess having seen Friday the 13th would've been helpful in catching that reference.
haha nope!
That's what is all about!!
Our time?
Yeah, it kind of does.
Also, I want to be covered in color at the end, so highcolor lanes for me, too!
You were throwing shirts out for someone who is famous enough to have their names on shirts.
that makes you a superstar.
haha
Why is finding face lotion so difficult!?
It must be Xmastime since that annoying Target lady I want to crack over the head with a 2x4 is back on the front page of Yahoo.
We provide therapy for adults withLife Management Issues.
I got sol tomorrow , thursday , friday and monday smfh
every single fucking time I try to be happy,
The new app update should fix a bunch of crash issues and hangs.
weliveinaworldwhere 11 and 12 years olds are taking pictures showing breast and thinking it's cute 
I feel like twitter is someones diary thats open to the public
Pretty sad I aint gone be able to suprise my mama for Mother's Day tomorrow....
Aint got a way to KC :
Thats my shit RT : Kick ass is a mad funny movie.
Late night in the office looking over applications for SSFC, SACGB, and Finance Committee.
I'm really enjoying the fellowship and brotherhood with the brothers of the Mighty Midwest, at their regional convention in MN.
WAIT!
HOLD UP!
IS THE WANTED IN CHICAGO?!
primal because its saturday and you removed ratchet clubs from your to do list
I dislike my mom
sweet bass guitar I wish I could afford it
Wanna pull my nips.?
Sometimes when you move somewhere you wish you couls bring everything , friends, family, stuff to ur new place.
How did we lose to a 26 team???
yeah buddy...
You are invited!
Today at 11 am, The Art of Bedmaking w/
Someone tell Espinoza that we love him!
can'ttouchourmidfield
How was everyones weekend?!
Bout to grab something to eat and do my last minute studying before this Stat final
INSIDER SALE  jcrew.com!
20 off orders of 150 for the next 3 days online only...SHOPFALL at checkout!
Good luck!
shredded it.
I have 995 followers.
I never thought I'd care, but I can smell the 1000th follower thru the phone
No way!
Was pulling for Learn german was the best category ever, but it crushed her.
Preach Papi so true: Let go of the word hate I hate this, or I hate that It compromises your nervous system and causes sickness
We have a strategic plan, it's called doing things  Herb Kelleher, Southwest Airlines
I would love nothing more than to cook for you on a daily basis.
Thanks for the follow!
As much as I want to, I can't.
And I won't.
:D Thank you!
We're glad you found us.
Keep in touch!
I wanna puppy ...
Maybe hell actually realize he cares n wants our relationship two work n ill wake up two a text that will make me smile.!
In Tears :
How will I know, if he is thinking of me?
When my dad burns my steak 
If someone's lolligagging does that mean they are choking on a lollipop??
How to honor MLK Day RT Watch 's Pittsburgh Today Live at 9am this morning to find out how you can serve the Burgh.
Is the over/under really 40 points for Bama/LSU
There are some adorable, fuzzy catfriends in my house who are about to get fitted with miniature catheters if the peeing parties don't stop
Just tripped up the stairs in the AMU in front of my college dean
In Gainesville ours moved away for about 2 years, and just popped back up...
Never really tried em.
I'm a plain burger dude.
no one likes her..
WI GAB strongly advises candidates to not make them prove just how FECkless they really are.
Hearing some of the quotes from Orson Scott Card at today's Teen Book Con reaffirms my decision not to hear him speak.
Is Futures at Fenway for redsox fans, or is the ulterior motive to give minor leaguers a taste of Fenway Park so they work harder?
I'm so used to socialmedia events that gcsummit is freaking me out!
Eye contact, business cards  no one else is tweeting from 2 devices.
Stick to making fun of Jeremy Lin, Jason.
RT : Pacers can beat either one of these teams in the ECF.
TheWindowMay13th by and Undeniable by are gonna be dope.
Cant wait.
You guys, did a twitter follower count for Josh Hamilton during the Rangers game tonight.
THANK GOD
This is a appreciation tweet.
:
Whats happening?
doctorpping weight is what is happening, 1lb per day for 90 days, and posting all im doing to get there
there's nothing wrong with enthusiastic hugging lol
Stomach on full 
yeeeeeei , mike, spanish rocks...
So at what point does a bad start become a bad first half?
everyone does doctorgs or doctornks al the time.
nods slowly, absorbing the info wow.
You will be a great dad.
Al can show you.
smilesI
atleast this week is fine arts week
I gave up hangovers for Lent.
Now I just have to figure out a way to continuously stay doctornk.
YEAH TEAM CHUCK LETS GO
VonChurch loves FF Follow us and we will follow you!
i never imagined my life being the way it is today, i planned everything so differently but i love the way it all turned out.
happy to announce that starting Monday I'll be moving over to help build
reading about how ppl are trying to improve meetings...
shared calendars, activity streams, agendas, next steps, a/v recordings, search,etc
she said ok but until like June
Say what's real
It's been a busy school year.
my sister graduated and got a job teaching 2nd graders next year.
Brookfield Real Estate Services Inc.
reports first quarter 2012 results and monthly dividend
Moving a huge bear that doesn't fit in the freight elevator via red wagon; great visual
Like the idea of having the library a part of Parent Night.
Gosh, I hate Timeline.
I've been trying to get rid of it.
Never really considered those traffic helicopters hovering over I90 are screwin up air traffic by standing in the middle of morning traffic
Idk wat I'm going to do with u
what's wrong with your website?
it keeps saying service unavailable is the issue on my end or yours?
To give proper advice we need more info re your hair.
Can you send us an email at ?
You should def follow back  :
As a teaching student, I am so impressed at what does for future teachers.
TONIGHT!
Polkadot Cadaver, Downtown Brown, Lords of Discipline, Burn the Ides at the High Noon Saloon.
Doors open at 8, Music at 9!
Hope your planting went well yesterday!
Gotta love those Home Depot
I think someone hacked my acct, sent out a bunch of Godfather direct messages.
Please delete, not sent by me!
So excited for our event tonight with PDPsi for PiChiWeek  Feeding the Cultural Appetite at room 209 from 68pm!!
FREE FOOD!
oh ok..
then HUG HER, that way she'll still know what shes not wearing....
but she might think your CRAZY  NEED LOVE...
LOL
imma tell them dudes on cartoon network :P
glad you had fun babe.
how's your day going?
xx
Now I feel like an outcast
My cat's too fat to clean her, um, nethers...
So I shaved her back there today.
Looking rather baboonesque now.
My mouth is asleep:
It's unfortunately so thick I can't do anything with it.
Sry I couldn't come out betch : / glad you had fun!
XO
Falling asleep to rain is quite calming but waking up to ice all over your car and on the roads surely isn't.
;
what's good man.
this phee, I shot that interview with Marcus and Lajason
come check out our fried chicken and waffles, burger w/ pimenton cheese, chicken liver mousse, soft serve ice cream w/ hardening shell!
Most deer I have ever witnessed together at Eagle Creek.
okay, catch you later!
Finally have my own copy of UNBROKEN by Demi Lovato.
:
Early spring on steroids in DC!
If you blink, you might miss it!!
Due to this Saturday's weather forecast, has been postponed to its raindate Sunday May 13th, 2012.
Hope to see you then!
And, yes, that just happened.
RIP DAVEY JONES!!
You may not always end up where you thought you were going, But you will always end up where you were meant to be!
You should text me if that was your your phone so i have the number :P
We love special brownies!
I'm not sure what this means but says he has a brownie thing for you.
I got this doctornk n my cup..
:
haha, sucks.
The man strikes out
UPS is down, but if you have the tracking number already, you can track it at The UPS Store website.
Enjoying some My little pony ytp...
I see where Bronies come form even if they are a freaky breed
Thank You
If an artist is Unsigned he/she is Independent, which is why I have the Independent Video Channel not Unsigned Video Channel
I love that Reddit is blacking out for SOPA tomorrow.
I wish Google  Twitter would follow suit, it would reveal the bill's true power
feeling really pregnant
Oh...
That's a pretty face
the spokesman fa detroit.
Fell for Westin vacation package in Mauibeautiful room, incredibly crappy view.
Not doing this again
It's over Knicks!!
Uhh tell me about it I hate kids so much too I'd never ever have kids their so difficult  complicated to deal with I'd never
Thieves are the scum of the earth fact 
Kingdoms of Camelot, please quit your advertisements on Pandora.
I am not interested.
Go Fuck Yourself kingdomsSUCK.
Sincerely JMFA
my hero watches step it up chicago, sleeps on floors and raps about cookies.
Former UofWashington HC Bob Bender on ATL staff.
He was at UW same time Coach Eastman was HC at Washington State.
Back on opposing benches.
i just followd
Beautiful Seattle sunshine now.
Get out of the office  come get a tasty Italian sandwhich.
101 Stewart
30 minutes of less 
,that height party interesting,what were you reading?
your not gonna compare me to your new boy toy, insult me repeatedly, then expect me to tell you a bed time story so you can sleep
are you serious??
omg thats so terrible.
RIPALEX /3 /;
office and client props good.
Thanks for checking in.
: HOLLA !
I went 2 the 1st one and they had a great lineup
you look better with your clothes ON...forever.
permanently.
even when you shower.
When I hear 1D many things run through my mind.
Not just there cuteness,but there talent, how much they spend with there fans3
Good job, Will Hunting.
NetFlix has Hot Tub Time Machine listed under SciFi  Fantasy.
Seems wrong but I don't have a better suggestion.
Perhaps sorta 80s
thanks for the social media info!
what does that involve?
RT : We have a special guest visiting our Dallas office today!
We'll be livetweeting the event at 1:15 p.m.
Stayed tuned!
I know right?
:D
So the THREAT of violence in Libya was enough to go in  kill Khadaffi but 8000 DEAD in Syria yields nothing?
WarpedHumanitarianism :/
Magic city junk food and my bed !
Hem yea, everynight with my headphones
Freaky friday.
I HATE YOU.
: Yes I go to Catholic school.
No I am not chased by crazy nuns carrying giant rulers getreal catholicschoolgirlproblems
Found the fake friends and people.
Time for new ones.
GAM dm E.
that's all about to change
I think we need an event coordinator !
That's a great thought.
Twestival planned for 430  Brooks landing to benefit foodlink.
Can't wait.
Can't wait to see at our Southeast Regional Meet!

RT : BC hockey team being introduced at the first commercial break.
I'm not sure why, but I have a sweet soft spot for I really hope he wins the battle.
Mama thanks for following me!My friend Maddy did this all for me and she is my best friend !All my thanks to maddy and you!
I'm already dead???
New year, new Lightroom catalog.
Mother's Day brunch with and the rest of the Bevan ladies !:
Just bought The Girl With The doctorgon Tattoo on bluray and Mass Effect 3.
These will definitely help get my mind off things
how do you get the hookers and bots to stop following you?
you know I want this!
; 
had twitter for a while !
It's interesting b/c Sibelius reads some things, like play 3 times,  actually does it.
But won't go back to the sign on D.S.
the zeus, the zues, the zeus is on fire!
Of course!
: Enjoy the rest of your weekend!
I vent to myself , the only one that'll listen to me
no doubt...good luck this coming season!
THUR 9/17 Dessert Special: Chocolate Tart with Brown Sugar Anglaise  Vanilla Bean Ice Cream
Kelly Rindlfeish, 4 felonies pending for misconduct in public office.
Faces up to 3.5 years in jail
Mad how i just saw ,waved  he aint do nothing 
I can see your thong!
Thank you!!
Nice, That's pure love, right there!
Happy belated birthday!
I'm sorry I can't afford a ferrari, but that don't mean that I can't get u there...
got railed by two tests today.
great.
we all need to wear red pants.
HoboWithAShotgun didn't hit me hard until later when I saw it a 2nd time.
I didn't appreciate it fully the 1st time.
Pastoral is featuring a cheese medley box for mothersday honoring some Great Ladies of Cheese It makes to perfect gift for mom
TONIGHT at Late Bar!
behind the bar!
Lisa DJs incredible heavy jams!
2 PBR bottles, and FREE Sailor Jerry rum?...
is seriously the coolest.
just watched her teen vogue video montage.
girlproblems i have THREE brothers.
:/
RT MAY 25TH WILL BE EPIC IN THE BX GALLERY LOUNGE WHEN HITS THE STAGE  THE ADIDAS PARTY!!!
It's tricky.
Just download one...
RT : why is it 11pm and I'm googling how to make a sphere in sketchup?
Morning fans!
Who's looking forward to the three day weekend?
Got any gigs this Labor Day?
If so, where?
My garden is now prepped for spring planting.
Watching Unfaithful on OWN.
This man is grinning nostalgically as he talks about the affair that almost destroyed his marriage.
when Derrick Rose turns his knee around the right way
Love going 0 mph on my way to work!!!!
I don't favorite tweets, so every time I check that page it's always an accidental surprise: this time, a guide to caring for your pet fish.
GoodTimes last night can't wait to party w/u in the burgh!!
RT : Keep an eye on Washington RB Chris Polk, for the Redskins.
2nd at Wash in career rush ydg.
Not an opinion.
Failed a math test.
maybe then you would understand its not that serious
Beach, golf,pool?
What's it going to be?
Whichever it is, have a relaxing day!
yeah  it sounded like a great idea when my friends suggested it.
Not sure how I'm going to carry on for the rest of the night
Having dessert with the Chimienti's
why would you call then just breath in the phone
so whaddup?
I told her shut the fuck up.
I just scored my IMAX tickets to opening night of The Hunger Games and I'm so flippin' excited!
A Strategist is a happy Plurists  looking to the implications beyond.
Development Stages per Rich Douglas
Just opened our new website for Reel Simple Life  Celebrity status for everyday life.
Find us at www.reelsimplelife.com!
thats what you do !
Great info and release :
Met yesterday at Revolve!
I sang him Coke, Fry  a cheeseburger  he doctorw me a picture then called me Dancy Pants ;D Lololol
sad face
They found another Mayan calendar and the world won't end Dec 21, 2012.
Who the fuck made the whole the world gone end?
LoveA Word That Comes And Goes Though Few People Really Know What It Means To Really Love Someone..
RT : God doesnt see you as a maybe or a what if.
He doesnt see wasted potential.
He says, You are destined wow
good luck!
I know you will rock it.
Look forward to seeing you soon.
AWESOME !
Empowering End User Insight Through Rapid Data Exploration and Visualization with Power View
At the mac bball tournament with and ..
Go zips
I knowP
heck yeah!
It's a bunch of tracks yet so basic.
A1 type tough, and maybe the House Party remix
Allegheny County Assessment Board just mandated that all appeals must be done while planking.
Kevin Kujawa: 20 years of ordering the appetizer sampler.
I got the brush :D haha
My Team, The Motto, Freestyle, Nikes on My Feet and tons more:/
Happy Mothers Day to all the greats out there!
Never get tired of doing the right thing........
OMG !
1020 !
It's like a doctoram !
Smoakamotive was chugging there
been reading too many threads on track forum?
Bout to be kickin ut with my boy
Yes, liberal arts rule the world!
Congrats to !
The answer is cashew.
Yanni, you rock, you need a logo done that's a zipper with the last K broken off.
safe travels!
Thanks for the RT  support!
Hope you enjoy the weekend.
Mad happy my 2nd block teacher ain't here :
What kind of message are we giving kids when MTV does coverage of Li'l Wayne being released from prison glorifying it?
Hi Lindsay...cute pic!!
missed end of the race, hockey is controlling me ;
Tom Hanks says Megan Rapinoe is his hero.
AWESOME.
RT My heroes.
Wambach.
Boxx.
Rapinoe.
Solo.
That TEAM!
Our team!
My dad about James Harden: Oy, this guy's Al Quida LOL 
check it don't wreck it
Keep doin' your thing
Just missed my que to be on stage woods.
J.
Myrick Howard, President of keynote speaker at Preserve Minnesota conference now up.
Have a great time!
Of course, followed : x
stuffthatpissmeoff when i see hot guys with ugly girlfriends
.
Archivists and other duties as assigned  to what extent is archival work falling aside?
Take cover Milwaukee!: Milwaukee tomorrow!
Haven't been this excited in Forever.
RT : Apparently y'all American dudes can't handle this leopard print bow tie like these European guys can.
Clarissa is explaining some stiff before I go to bed.
Aka watching Clarissa Explains it all
I feel great from the previous night!
Thanks, Love you.
I cannot fall asleep 
The photos are wonderful....Imagine how the show look live!
Opening night tomorrow.
Tickets on sale now.
It's illegal to tweet and doctorve.
You're endangering my life
Throat still hurts.
Head still stuffy.
Send cake!
how many of those bikes stop at the red light heh, heh, heh :
Heath Bell's Whip would make a great ERA.
In Australia Women Shopping Online To Find Best Deals On Quality ...
Shameful that our county and city commissioners are encouraging sprawl.
if you play let me know where!
I'll come watch you ball:
Remember When You Could Get A Real Burger Or Dog in NYC for 1?
Well, You Can Again  via
It's word jumble day!
Today's word is ypsarrerb.
If you can figure it out correctly  say the word at USwirl, you get 50 off!
what are you doing this weekend?
Got some sex for your stereo
LOL RAT WE DONT EVEN FOLLOW YOU.
It's hot as hell here!
Yeah I like it there though, I went to every museum haha,
i cant take a Big L, my city needs me.
Thanks, I need it :/
she's lame anyway.
Always coming at ya with irrelevant arguments.
Me LOLRT SS who is hving fun w/ me after work????

sorry to hear jackie doesn't feel well : we were looking forward to chillaxing w/u.
Rain Check 4 sure!!
Tonight's a Wendy's Spicy Chicken kind of night
A truly inspiring turnout, thanks to all for their service.
RT : Ray Decker, OPM  50 of 120 in audience today are
Overheard at the Cottage: Look up there, she's trapped!
a little girl noticing a staff member on the second floor mezzanine.
Chemical Sensitivities Motivate Albuquerque Boutique to find Organic Solution...
im writing a book.
Its the kind of problem you want to have!
Country radio has been great to me my whole career.
I can't thank those folks enough G.
Strait
The true definition of stereotype: an accurate measure of just how stupid the human race still is.
You should be the host all the TIme!
Senate Tax Chair J.
Ortman launches Vikes hearing with ordinarily not good policy to do tax break that benefits only 1 company
if al white towels could love
glad you got it!
Wear it proud and suport
I'm at Gardener's Supply Inc.
in Bakersfield talking with Randy!
It's only Thursday /:
Friendly Reminder: Tomorrow's show has been moved to Low Spirits on 2nd Street....
Show starts early.
See ya then!
Don't you hate it when you're lying down texting, your phone is a ninja and slips through your fingers and attacks your face?
Headed to this week for 10 full days of cruises.
Hope to see you all on board!
One is not born into the world to do everything but to do something Henry David Thoreau
Sheriff Dave Mahoney: Rally with 14 Democratic Senators at 3 pm at State St.
Did Anthony Davis just spin RIGHT?
I'm not sexist btw, I just think that everyone has equal rights in the Uk now so you know
Merry Christmas..Hope you all are having a good one
Telecommuting makes me not hate winter so much
Going to brunch for my first time in DC yayyyy xoxo
why are we so hot?!
m.
grilled pork chop and toast sandwich :
Trying to stick to your New Year's resolutions but out of meal ideas?
Try Daily Grill and one of 12 new under600 calorie choices!...
milwaukee the snow seems to be slowing down!
Time to salt, shovel and dominate wegotyoucovered at A.
Fillinger Inc.
You bet.
Adi and I have had a few discussions on the Trinity.
dude that is so awesome!
I'm glad you like it!
So,  your Bachelor verdict?
bidness is always taken care of, always fool around n muh fuggas stay in check nigg
Okay now catch up to my campaign...
HEY DUDE!
ugh!
Me too....sunshine all the time please!
chicks got an ass like an onion making me wanna cry..
It's a working Sunday.
Let's go stack heads of lettuce for the Lord...
RT : Banks now have the ability to walk around with consumers in their pocket.
awesome.
I've gone there for that reason about 3 times myself.
Who'd a thunk?!
My guys are headed to the movies and I am hanging with the ladies !!
r u in Miami?!?
should i keep my hair thick or thin it out?..
i need help deciding!!
Who's got a new iDevice for Christmas and is using
yea it is!
nervous for you and your jimmy johns.
Feeling ok?
Like us on facebook too keep you updated on more shows!
RT : cos pony productions brings more shows worth seeing.
I just found out I can make my daughter fall asleep in an instant by just rubbing on her eyebrows.
Lol
YOU WOULD.
you'll prob eat there more now!
me also wish pics sexy outside of me soomeday also
obvious they want an all male final; don't tell me how to vote idol; I'm VOTING JESSICA
hahaha I knew right when I got this it was you...
Haha
hey whats some really good songs to sing????
Don't nobody love me on here no more :'
I wanna hear!
So is mine!
The headsup for 2Gals CD with Flashcards.
I'd take it over nothing wont u just be super happy when they tell u, u have to clear x ftppoints to cash out?!
Gmornin' !
beach in a few
I have no idea what DTRBABY means...
Just learned I'll be teaching a grad course in Childoctorn's Literature this fall!
Looking forward to having students who are smarter than me!
Spring break !!
Don't ever let anyone tell you you can't.
For you can do ALL things through Christ!
It was a great time and nice to see you again!
wahoo!
She is the best teacher in the world and those kids are blessed to have her!
We'll definitely let you know once we announce pricing; stay tuned to the blog
margaretr0se how creative AM I
Today was a gud day I cn say that
The system!
I will accuse the individual workers of that system against me...before the eternal bar!
Charles Dickens, Bleak House
I'm officially a Junior!
Are you hitting on me?
Yeah.
Oh that's cute.
:
LAWL go to the mall :D
what is there to be scared of spiders?
Yes, sometimes I am simply sharing with my future self.
Pork dijon slaw and pickled sirrano relish....m i can taste it!
Vodka can be made out of anything!
It was all pot still distillation until 1850s no continuous still
no, I like YOUR face :
ALL THESE PENCILS ARE SO MUCH FUN.
ALL THESE PENCILS ARE NUMBER...2 GET IT, NUMBER 2 PENCILS!
;DD
Be outrageously energetic and madly alive.
Robin Sharma
at Sidesplitters!
can't wait to see Ben Bailey : pretty sure he is gonna propose to me....
Been very sick 4 three days now:.....
bedoctorst, ginger ale, and medicine help.....texts from friends and family is even better...3 you all
Sorry, lost a while and didn't hang on twitter.
Really miss you guys!
Be stuck with some codes to create a new app.
kalahari today, cedar point tomorrow for choir, then DC starting monday:
Spoke to lawyer today who said to get job in his firm as paralegal, have to be a lawyer.
Guess there's no hope for a lowly college graduate.
S/O to follow an artist trying to move to the top!
Beer lovers!
In case you didn't know...
and will all be slinging their CraftBeer at fEASTival!
Wish I could go back to Texas
Thanks for hookin' us up with the VIP seating last night!
I suggest you fight Diego at 185.
Please.
if you don't support teamblake then you probably think that the low cash cowboys are cool
doors at 6 we're on 3rd
pens finally woke up: wait and see.
missing Sean Bean on
RT : dang somebody done fucked up lol  Most Definitely..
They didn't know what they had.
it was well worth it
Just got back from an audition for a new Paul Thomas Anderson film starring Joaquin Phoenix.
Hope all went well!

Apple matches 1.3 million worth of charitable employee donations tnw.to/1BnI0 by on 
Lies spread like your legs did.
Buy One Get One Free: Men's Jackson Denim
great memory!
You are correct.
;
RT : We're putting together a team!
Anyone want to join  ?
Queuing up Monday for home opener, whilst reviewing The Day The World Discovered the Sun by Mark Anderson
Fresh vegetables, jewelry, hats.
Tomorrow 103!!
Come out and support!!
30th and Penn, SE.
I'm for the 999 tax plan.
Oh my God, I love Tony Stark.
For weeks I've felt lost and I can't see the light
That would be great.
Will see if I can swing it.
Thanks!
Gotta dance.
I noticed.
It didnt show at first
Good things do come in threes.
And also, apparently, all within the span of an hour.
U are the best!
U got me over here smiling ear to ear
All kids need is a little help, a little hope and somebody who believes in them.
Earvin Johnson
so glad jeremy got to meet CL I think that will help mucho!
Someone said that Twitter is for hipsters and nerds.
I said Hey!
Who are you calling a hipster?!
thanks for the Tweet, Inna!
you too girly!
let's go horseback riding together in Aspen
is that like Taco Bell??
3
Don't know how they do it.
New Jersey Governor Now Behind Internet Poker!!
I'm hoping trust me.
Not only would I love to have Ryan win this race but also beat Power doing it.
There was literally zero chance that Prado wasn't swinging at that 31 pitch.
we excludes people in urban areas
I am now considered a man because I want to watch the Ravens game to watch the patriots lose.
Colonial Life job fair tomorrow 11a2p at Clinton Twp MiWorks.
Agency Sales and Benefits Counselor positions.
43630 Hayes.
Clinton twp, MI.
A: everyone, and every generation, has a personal line: where is it?
That's a fluid concept
Thank you for the follow Looking forward to seeing you all one day soon, and reading your tweets, comments  insights Cheers!
We don't need your input on everything!
Did the Komen Foundation just pull a Netflix?
Americans have the same problem, only different.
:
Taste  Toast Thursdays 58pm RT : Join in the fun if Taste of Tivoli debuting tonight!!!
Call for Local  Licensed Locksmith You Can Trust 24HR.
19 service call 6193357969 http:/www.ISDlocksmith.com Locks Installation Lock
OMG YES SAME I've been randomly obsessed with it lately..can't stop watching it ah!
You forgot hemp protein.
Title Case Is Cruise Control For Cool.
PHONES BACK UP!
You're not the only one to wish our director would, um, insert herself into her work!
Om gosh!
My ringtone just scared the crap out of me, its my sister singing bitch:
Now that was the best 4/20 ever.
I still can't feel my face lol
3wordforyou Team Heat Baby!!!
cool how old r u
Thanks for favoring my tweet!
Some lady just called me and asked when I graduated from high school.
I'm still in high school?...
SAYSOMETHIN so excited!!
Im listening to y100 :
I take that back, I don't wish brain damage on anyone.
But if you cheap shot one of the best, you might as well close your hand next time.
caffination and hydoctortion.
U were right Signature win 4 Crean, but it was an upset That was the definition of upset I am now on the bandwagon!!!
Seriously I hate my sister.
Thanks for naming everything I fail at.
Cunt.
Sometimes I need my Bromance Sometimes I need that pole dance Sometimes I fuck up n need a 2nd chance
I love the guys like you that support the Bike's tourney.
Good luck to Sir.
No matter what I do, my phone is always with me.
Agreed.
Game changing.
I'm not against changing games, but I do get tired from figuring out new rules allatime.
you rock!
Thank you for the very kind words this morning!

Breaking: White Sox's Phil Humber pitches perfect game
Your hamstrings are surprisingly useful.
Talking to two 20 year olds is like talking to a wall.
Ms.
Kool is back in town!
Now I can go back to my crazy schedule...
Our show is on..
you're welcome.
Well I'm sold, PoDog it is.
When someone truly cares about you.
They dont give up.
thankGodforthatboy 3
New Perry campaign slogan: Upps!
I forgot, but dont forget to vote for me, I wont forget you
500 Gallons sent out our first set of invites for beta trial yesterday!
More to come.
Stay tuned
If you don't care where your food comes from or how your fish was caught or what happens to your waste then you are part of the problem
Just realized that is following me.....SMILES I feel complete

YOU'RE A WHORE !!' Oh really im a W.onderful H.uman O.thers R.eally E.njoy ?
cool story bro.
Second night at the gym...
explain why AFTER I joined I needed to sit through another sales pitch for a personal trainer for 800 month?
on what phone I don't have a missed call from him!!
Love the people who treat you right.
Getting sick of FB, but I am still addicted.
Looking forward to next paradigm of websocial networking.
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.
Fa la la Christmas snow October rehearsal!!!!!!
In New Hampshire.
yeah same
i culd sure use a nap before hitting the gym after work again.
kidnapme lol
So exited I just bought the whole 1st season of glee for 15!
Heck yea!
Where do you find the time to go to the gym everyday?
So who is working out what tomorrow?
And your bleu cheese salad doctorssing which goes up on Monday.
Really enjoying the book.
Thank you.
I blame you, Canada, for making me a hockey fan.
Where are the Quebec Nordiques when you need 'em RT First time since 1980 no Canadian team in the 2nd round.
thanks for the follow....we never charge extra for emergencies, holidays, weekends or nights...24/7
headed there now!
We are starving  thirsty :
your website is up!!
AHH the layout is amazing!
Seriously you rock!
:
Watching 5 mins of Greys Anatomy reminded me why I don't watch it
James Massone from the voice.
Oh my lanta!
Marry me?
New phone :
Is anyone else bothered by instagram spreading to andoctorid?
Happy to help!
atxcouncil formally ppds Green redevelopment agreement to 4/26.
looks like lots of work still to be done.
How emotional!
u kno it
Trib Local lasted longer than I anticipated.
That said, how does one outsource hyperlocal news?
Doesn't that defeat the entire point?
Happy New Years from all the staff at Opera Theater.
We wish you all much success and prosperity in 2012!
TRUELIFE u don't got nothing on my reality it's getting HOT in here
A lot of boys think of girls like books; if the cover doesn't catch their eyes, they won't even bother to read what's inside.
Little boy doctorssed up as iron man going to see the avengers..
Anonymity has killed this world.
And everyone that knows me knows that I'm up for a good joke, but the meanspirited manner of these kids...
okay you do that
I am cooking your fave  seafood cioppino  want to come over for dinner and wine?
I need a date :
' I'm sorry I missed you, but hopefully I'll catch you next time.
:
Why am I just now buying Brad Paisley's new album?
I LOVE Remind me!
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
Been lying low lately anyway, so not so different.
Still trying to sort out how all you busy people keep up with Twitter scroll.
she fucks everybody
Lls yes cause something just blew me
Computer issues are making me mad going to have a moment from officespace soon!
or just confused about their sex.
You must have done this before.
Workin all night!
Thanks for the shout out.
don't forget the hot sauce!!
And I doctornk one glass of wine and fell asleep.
Because I am OLD.
Dude.
This is crazy.
Headed to JD Legends in Nicholasville KY to play on the patio 710 with Kristi Miller.
Come hang out w/ usBH
Good to see you Brandie
Just because I said I don't care, doesn't mean I really don't..
Why are you so clueless?/3
WeWontWork if you prefer rap over country music .
was waiting 4 u to say this building took a dentin' in Trenton
We will have an abridged version of bizasiaamerica tonight for live coverage of the 4th ChinaUS Strategic and Economic Dialogue
Check Out Rocking With The Industry Vol.1 Right Now www.tinyurl.com/mbmixtape1 Hosted By: 
yea thank you your my BFF
talk of a codeathon in austin texas...
to get all the Texas legal docs that are on web and in XML  ready for citability who is?
Journey of recovery...search for serenity: Blessings.....
Well, that was a lovely little SEA to SEA flight.
Waiting to find out if we're going to take another shot at SEA to SAN in this bird.
There's a tendency for people to express negative opinions as fact.
The shame is that they will see truth and reject it.

what about me!
How do you feel about your first night at Couture tonight ?!
pizza rolls 3
lets call it a night , good night
So glad you like to pictures and I can't wait to come back!
We love it there!
Listening to all day 'errryday
Swag something we asians got
no im done riding.
:P the air took my breath away.
so looking forward to tonight's show!
I don't know..
I like mister Hunter.
Never had Lee.
Payne should have had Lee's spot.
And the 2 doctormmer thing sounds sloppy to me.
I got to play model tonight at !
It was a lot of fun!
Be sure to check out Facebook for pictures from my first photo shoot soon!
:
BTW, do you have a doctorer?
i cant write this poem for my life.
no your not.
Please tell me
yo did that AmexHM tweet work?
havent gotten an reply.
I hate it when someone does that
The second I saw the words double agent in a alert on my phone, I got so excited!
To get to my body you have to get through my mind.
I hope to go to Toas NM tomorrow.
That would be such a nice break.
Air boxing wrestling match with kids.
I announced mommy as my tag team partner..the kids announce Jesus as tag team partner.
I have no idea where he is now lol
Survivior friends y'all have a great day !
yay!
i hope you can do something fun with your family :
Is it bad to doctoram of a former coworker lol
Whoa!
I just tweeted one of my pet peeves!!
Lets try that again....
prepping for event on the 14th and National Foster Care Month events in DC and NYC!!!!
I love love love quinoa!
Seesters, you are not alone.
We're all in this together as we delve into the healthy zone.
We will each triumph  reach our milestones!
you gonna go see Sparks the Rescue next friday?
:o
FF our newest followers 
I am THRILLED that Doughboys is open again!
The molten mess that is The Monster now happily lines my stomach.
Mitt Romney will visit Portsmouth with Gov.
McDonnell
I hate Austin Mahone so much, words can even describe it.
He's so..fishy.
Like he doesn't even care about his fans he just wants famemoney
Hey My dad is a flooring guy.
I'd be glad to hook you guys up.
He's really good and I'm not saying that bc he's my dad.
LMK!
Mark Wahlberg, say hello to your hubris for me.
Touch a girls heart, NOT her body!
Take away her attention, NOT her virginity!
Make a girl laugh, NOT cry!
And I promise she will love you!!
is she even on this network?
In the nooneiseversafe Game of Thrones world, I'd conquer only a pitiful porcelain throne due to inevitable anxietybased diarrhea.
Ha, that is a lot of earlymorning diapers!
Okay, I will work on spicing up my life just for you!
;
Thanks!
I miss ya'll!
COME BACK.
20 days to get a 80 in algebra.
I hope I can do this
Yay...
I get to see you tomorrow!!
: Wow.
I am in love w/ that librarian.
What a terrific letter  and encompassed so many issues that we face!
thanks for posting!
I wonder how much density plays a role, too.
Would be good to know.
Thanks for posting the video.
Peter was a lot of fun!
Dont lie to me , i already know the truth !.
Don't sweat the petty things and don't pet the sweaty things.
George Carlin
Shout Outs to CustomDesign Silkscreening Custom Design Silkscreening for the CaLegion Shirts!
Good Morning and Happy New Week Baltimore!
2day's word of the day is dedication, without it talent, ability and intelligence mean nothing!
I have to admit, I did freak out a little bit...
until I saw Arum was behind the whole thing.
Thx 2 all the participators  spectators  the Bean Bag Brawl today!
had a great time  can't wait 2 have more cornhole events in our city!
That's great hope you have a great weekend its sunny here so its a great day for some outside activities
Well goodnight boo!!
:
I can see my suitcase from where I'm sitting at.
DEAR PRUDENCE ON VACATION?!
How will I get through the waning hours of this Monday without my favorite advice column??
I'm sure you could turn 'Fuck off' into a national catchphrase.
turned battle rap into a sport...
only the strong survive!!!
url needs a gatorade commercial!!!
it doesn't fit in a Rolodex because it doesn't belong in a Rolodex bwah ha ha!
what's up Thanks for the RT.
More people need to see that article.
goodbye January!
happy mothers day!!:
GypsyMobileBoutique will be at Roseville's Downtown Tuesday Nights Tonight from 59pm!!
See you soon Roseville!
BecauseitstheCup you can get away with murder if you are a well known player...
lol all of ya want me to play matchmaker.
what up mate....
We have a new project called and wanted to let you know.
Tell your peeps to follow us if ya can!
Come join us Monday the 23rd at 6:00 and enjoy some excellent froyo while listening to live music by Jim Clay!
give it a try Chica ;
Text your friends and join us for brunch this weekend from 114
I will but can I go with you?
cause I have no other ride :p
On this week's Real Housewives of ALMS: shopping  wine and cheese flight at bistro with Mcdoctoramy.
Ok, we weren't at the same table.
Whatev.
Talking to others about their beliefs and political views made me reanalize what I believed.
Smh this shit feel like the FreshFest all over again lol, no worries though, just finding out who I can and can't do business with...
Please join us in wishing our Head Football Coach Gary Flea Harrell a very Happy Birthday!
Sally Majewski, whose Race, Class  Social Change course at UMass changed my life
I wish I could...but no matter what happens I want to go to a game soon!
I always appreciate when human resource offices keep me updated on my application status.
Thank you.
Seriously considering going to bed now  waking up at 4 to write this paper....
If you want something you've never had, your going to have to do something you've never done.
I'm v excited to hear that  I'm reading it in a few weeks  it looks so good!
relax bro.
U need to update your app.
Use the calf machine.
Cuz that's what we do...
Expect the best from everyone and anyone.
But NEVER lower your expectations!!
You are n deserve the best
Trash is still Trash, even if you put it in a scented bag!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Once it is open you know what's inside!!
Happy Friday the 13th everyone!
I'm celebrating by being hungover.
Going back to shitty ass tucson tomorrow night : I wish I could stay here forever!
Until u walk in my shoes please dont judge my steps.
I am just a girl who want 2 be happy so please understand my choices are just that MINE
TKAM is a favorite.
Grew up in Monroeville, Alabama, hearing stories a/b Harper Lee and the filming of the movie in town.
Enjoy!
You Obviously Lack Originality
twitter  something I read to find out stuff, if I should know what is happening it will be posted to twitter
Today we live in an online era the most powerful, most accessible, dynamic communication system ever known to human kind!!
Websites are...
Interested in the digital humanities, particularly the application of social network tech.
Suggestions about where to follow on Twitter?
I'm too nice to people  that's why I always hurt.
OK UM NO
Be a part of next month's Celebrity DS Tourney!
Play early, play often  be one of the first 100 quads hit this month and you're in!
Haha.
That would be good
World's Fairs symposium continues at 2pm, Harrison Auditorium, w/talks on gender,  Catalan/Spanish conflict in 1929 Barcelona Exhibition
HappyBirthdayGRANDman is trending worldwide!
Of course you ask to see me the day BEFORE I get home.
Ugh.
My life.
this just got serious Aaron.
I do not look good in blue and orange lol
thats u sexy boo
RT  ready to see cam newton and the panthers beat the jacksonville jaguars this sunday at 4 pm
I got it!
Thanks for the research!
I look forward to the panel!
Our pleasure.
Where and when is your show?
Go add Laced Facts facebook page
I guess I haven't been tracking the body mod scene very closely.
When did septum piercings become really big?
Rodney Lisembee is leading a session on cloud based computing at
I contend that putting a giant crossed out picture of a dog pooping in your window is grosser than an actual dog pooping on your lawn.
I feel like decatur school systems dont prepare you for college..
It doesn't take a genius to see that the world has problems.
You working on that strip club song for them?
so what is that best way according to mum?
Just now looking into it.
Will let you know.
Looks like it will be a great event.
Wow.
Can't imagine being at a game like that.
says it was published May 2, 2011 issue of magazine..
but sobering stats, bowling needs to do better.
What Kim Kardashian filing status will be for 2011 Tax Season?
Field day got canceled.
yes!
I think there is one real close.
You should look up their secret menu online before you go too.
Paolo Cherchi Usai back at GEH means only one thingcinema has finally reached its love of fate, amor fati, a complete Nietzchean circle...
My cure for the winter blues?
Jannicke  Jordan Lue!
Unconditional mommy love :
The declaration of independence was written on hemp paper...
Workaholics would have got the votes of all the pot heads..
They couldn't take that risk..
That's what I meant by unless you're going to Harvard.
If it's not Ivy League, no one care where it's from.
Thank you for sharing the Warren video!
You guys.
The birds singing outside my window are SO loud.
It literally sounds like the jungle out there.
HEY YOU!!
Do you see this?
Okay.
Then tweet me!
: Thank ya.
:
I love the sense of camaraderie when an entire line of cars teams up to prevent a dick from cutting in at the front.
Stay strong, brothers!
I hate that I can't live tweet Texans game from our great seats.
Why does Reliant have such bad cell service?
: hope you had a great Xmas.
K about Realtors on  Same to you, my friend.
And a prosperous 2012 to all!!!
I'm in the smaller one to the left.
That complex is 3 buildings, but there's a total of about 10 right there.
It's nuts.
Congrats on a Great Season!!
Prep for 2012 Title starts TODAY!!
it was in response to you wanting to sound like the one guy.
I don't like having second thoughts, I liked my first ones better.
Actually that's so much cooler than what I had in mind.
Short URLs  smaller quantity of awesome than long URLs, right?
Can't sleep because I know 2morrow will be a great day!
I'm  the door to my doctorams
I see.
Why wouldn't you want your ticket sale representatives adapting to trends in the evolving marketplace?
stop sub hitting on my fiance
The Tonight Show With Jay Leno With Jessica Simpson' I'm Staying Up...
Uffa
I think every conference is a germ conference
Everyone prepare for Pax prime!
Tickets on sale by the end of the month!
Will post as soon as I have more info
Dharma and Greg Bums
:/ u shudda let me know
I'm cheesy dontgiveafuck :
: just processing...you really moving to Charlotte, NC?
I'm at the airport to make the official move!
aww thank you so much!
it really does mean a lot.
i dont need fame...
i need ed...
haahha.
Best bday weekend ever with my sister's and yay....adjo your next.:
Lol how does responding hello back sound like invitation to whip it out?
If you say hi to me, I say hi back to be considerate :/
MT A quick reminder!
Femlead Join us TODAY!
2pm EST leads chat on Sponsorship
really want yu by my side
Seriously thinking about going vintage for 2012 to add a little more personality to the wardoctorbe  cutback on major retail spending.
How does the move toward open eduction disrupt our thinking about general education requirements?
this is a not so happy hump day...
allergies...
please leave me alone.
: Parlé Blaque is gonna take over .
EASY WiN .
.
it was pretty good.
Could have been better.
The bruins looked flat.
Wow ..
I'm hearing gun shots at fucking 3:51 in the afternoon over here ..
What the actual fuck .
ThatsTheNorthForYa !

Yes!
Love to see nonsense smothered in intelligence.
Go smarts!
My DVR stays busy on Thursday...
TOUCH and PERSON OF INTEREST...Just love these shows
protective beautiful wifey most everest times infinity times infinity
: LOL does she?.
Maybe she doesn't wear the same pair more than a few times?
Frugal or
If i get this car tomorro ima be swangin and bangin through the hood
Yesterday was special.
Time well spent w doctor Norb Sander, 1974 NY Marathon winner and Derrick Adkins, '96 gold medalist 400 hurdles.
Wow!
happy birthday
My legs are so sore from yoga last night lol LOVE IT 
you guys have the best sweet tequila burritos!
: I am so, so sorry for that last doctorwing in doctorw Something.
YourBiggestProblem is that you act like love is just a big game
we are rockin out with the excellent and other amazing acts at OccupyDC Xmas event!
Come out and say hi.
: TraderJoes coming to Austin.
Does this mean more hipsters moving in or is it time to move to the burbs due to traffic?!?
The CURRIED MOBILE Food Truck is gonna be on Dearborn between Monroe  Madison for LUNCH today!
nicely done.
unrelated question: do you have Stan Bowman's email?
hey zach!
U still haven't followed me : xx
I know right !!
congratulations you just told me your first lie .
Do you feel like a big boy now ?
when you need a new phone case but don't have any money...
OMG thats is funny, i am watching that show too!
it is on for like 6 hours 3
c'mon the movie 2012 wasn't that bad!
I saw part of it on Sunday...hard to hate John Cusack!
Sangria: An iced red wine  fruit mixture from Spain.
Originally created to hide spoiled wine.
GOP passes bill forcing women to have their vaginas probed  or as Newt Gingrich calls it, Dinner and a movie.
important phone call today...hopefully it will lead to all of the above!
that's me every day bro.
Hate it.
Seth I tried to stop her
Alas, more than one.
I was watching the ceremony on TV last night when it hit me ...
Wa.wa.
;
Crazy.
jumped 200 followers within 2 minutes of tweeting his handle.
i need to relax on twitter need to be like them mtfs who never tweet but stay twatching
So pumped for the Heidegger class next semester if I don't get in I'll be so sad
Chillin' in the car .
Going to Walmart , went to adventure island today.
That was fun :
cuz I gave a lot of Ls ha
Find the beauty in this day and be glad!
BALLS DEEP!!!
Fish Fry at YST to benefit Tulsa Area United Way in now going on.
7.50 will get you a plate full of goodness for lunch!
why would you?
Brent Albright submits Mister X with the Crowbar.
I thought we were just starting to get along.
Use the hashtag uwmgrad dude.
We have to get that thing spreading.
Mercy Corps Monday  All Day we'll be Donating 5 of Sales to Portland's Relief Agency.
LOL.
I took the scenic route for the B.A..
Got my M.A.
in 2.5.
When the calendar gets too full to juggle ditch it and go to San Marcos.
and now to me
One exact week away from Diego Amador in ABQ!
Can't miss it if you're here in town, flamencos!
Ahyikes.
Fire alarm sends us scurrying.
And this was such a promising presentation :
this is priority number 1.
We find sheeny a silk robe ASAP.
Barbara how has this happened?
Once I've lost all respect for someone, everything they do I see as
Hell yeah bro,I sent u a email.
There shall be nothing ambiguous about it.
Somebody needs to do my hair
will do, wife is 5 months pregnant, this is probably our last trip while she feels able to enjoy it.
I love your pic.....very cute
I don't think I can move.
pathological punctuality  I get worried when I can't show up for webinars 10 minutes early
You are most welcome Stefan!
Followers, check out new to Twitter!
RT get's a helping hand from OEP!
Thank you
I did!
I just got on Twitter to say cool  La Jolla Patch was on the World News.
Nice aerial photo of the beaches!
Hey David.
You too.
They did.
It's shrunk to three co.'s  Ellis, Navarro and a portion of Tarrant.
You gone learn today
n Fran's fever's been teetering today.
Is currently receding.
We're hoping this trend continues.
Thnx for the  vibes!
IfIWasARapper my name would be John Philip Lawgiver
is launching a campaign: new job for 2009!

They say they want it!
But they don't want it with Chi's most wanted The Competition .
Follow us we Follow Back
I won't thanks for the reminder
On my writtin shit, feel like i gotta do it rite now.......
You have to see the 80s guido sweater John Dennis is wearing.
It feels shitty when you think about somebody all day and they're not thinking about you at all.
So don't be that person get yourself right
Coach Kanales said Raymond Felton will play tonight.
Ray said he'll see how he feels after pregame warmups.
Check out the Reader for an interesting professorle of local artist / musician Willis Earl Beal.
Worth the read regardless of my involvement.
You know you've been at work too long when you have to pay the double rate in the parking garage.
The real cause of the economic crisis?
The institutions we have trusted to protect our interests since America began decided not to.
i hope sws will still be on warped.
but if not then i completely understand.
So done with this..
Just saw a lace front wig glued to a ladies temples..i wonder if that impairs her judgment.
Don't have a care in the world when I'm with him.
;
Thank you for following.
Look forward to your tweets and articles!
It super inspiring!
I hope people learn from this video!
Better Fantasy Baseball team name: Friday, Friday Blunt Beaver Needles or The Inverted Biebers?
Cheers to MY new dance partner!
Such a fun day girl :
you kno I love all my brotha DJs but sometimes I be feelin like yall....well lets just say thanks!!!LMAO
IS JUSTIN IN MANCHESTER?!?
ooh, good idea!
I'll check it out.
Would be a good gift for my birthday nod.
just patching now..
Rolls up a blunt and starts to blast
i went to the doctor yesterday nd she told me that i had been diaose with...BIEBER FEVER sad right :
The more you add gate to the end of political scandals, the less it means.
these are the issues that I care about
sexually frustrated.
An invention is something new, innovation is something new that succeeds.
I wanna sleep!
Awe...
Finally home...
Mommy Mode...
Absolutely!
RT : Siri works very well...IN THE ADS...
Just added some new video to the youtube www.youtube.com/greenrenaissance
we will be at SIX at noon!
Hope you're still there!
Thanks Paul.
First Greece, then Italy, now changes in French leadership...
Interesting times in the Eurozone.
SNAC emerging in the digital library world: wins Best Paper award at Theory and Practice of Digital Libraries 2011 Berlin conference.
Yay.
haha my friend made them!!
So good!
shout out follow her or get shot in the face by an evil monkey
woot!
are getting a shout out from in his webinar with !
:
Wow.
Amazing night at Scotland Yard Pub last night.
Mike Z Duo packed the house, Karaoke brought the house down.
Thanks all.
Merry Xmas.
: I just want this nigga granger to spark bron one time then the series would be over bro
More work tonight.
: I'm in love wmy iPod right now.
I forgot how many Robsten sites I followed on this.
oo
EDIT: The ONLY good thing about NBA playoffs RT No joke, the single best thing about the NBA playoffs is Chris Bosh's video bombs.
yes.
NOW GO MAKE ME A SANDWICH BITCH!
The Yankees have pitched 8 shutouts and been blanked 8 times  same record as last season.
alight u can dig through the vacuum for them if u want!
11:11 IS IN THE TOP 100 ON ITUNES!!!!:D
The fact remains, there are not a lot of parts for us here either.
NY is the same.
Must create ur own projects.
Whats more appealing to the eye will always win.
Thats just the way it is now.
On My Way To John Hannah Church!!!
You ain't met me yet bruh!
Not saying I'm the best but again, u ain't me me
they're coming over my house friday at 1!
You should come :
why do u wanna be humped?
wow, thanks!
I'll look for my cheering section!
Hopefully she's a Denver fan but I doubt it lol  RT : Game7 let's go let's go let's go!!!!!!!
hiring crew for directed by submit resumes to
Overwhelming amounts of work to be done.
TO THE ROSE GARDEN!
I ain't no you get down like dat now
It's a great night with gal pals for happy hour!
Wish you guys were here!!
M we will see tomorrow
Heading to for a bit.
Who's in?
free for the evening  who's doing what?.
If wanting more money is gay..then ya i'm Elton John
this is a fail, and slightly ridiculous...
i'm out!!!!
I think for him to quit Florida and then take the OSU job is so dumb.
Who knows what's going to happen with them!
is lick, fit and ain't taking no shit!
Bought me a bottle for tonight.
Turkeys on the side of the road?
mustbebackinMC!!
goodnight everyone
I can't wait to get black bean soup from
.
I would say there aren't personal brands...if brands give prods personality, human beings already them...I hope :
I don't think I knew that!
Congratulations!
I feel like a million bucks, but my money don't feel like I do
I love it when boys say im falling for you to me 3
Beautiful, beautiful weather.
On today's agenda...anything Outside.
I spend about 180 nights a yr in hotels...really has helped me
Out loading wood in the cold :/
almost as nice as a smooth natural light on a hot summer day.
Currently looking for an agent for representation.
Have a possible supporting role in a MMP coming up in Sept.
in addition to other gigs.
I love Tom Izzo.
He is the hero of East Lansing Michigan.
Sparty On.
Much like the gay bullied kid at school, we are just waiting to see if  finally notice us.
chicago movement stop suicide
New info about woman accused of selling suicide kits.
She pleaded guilty, but it may not stop her crusade.
I'll have story 5p
hello sir
The best shows are the ones where you find the rare tall dude that's like, Oh damn girl, get in front of me!
Has anyone found introductions to data visualization in R?
I'm onto ggplot2, but am wondering..
how deep does the rabbit hole go?
Thanks for coming!
I'd be more than willing to believe that.
Longest cab ride ever.
I'm officially caffinated and ready for a long day on location!
like the song.
Best wishes with ur music.
Currently working on an additional materials request from my doctoram school.
Not a bad way to start the week.
Rico Muerte just signed with Full Circle Studios!!!
Dis one bout to get punch in da face...
Hahaha you know you're jealous ;
awesome: so happy to hear :
June 12.
Rebirth Of Detroit.
Yep!
Need to do some thinking for next year.
Brainstorming with my experts tomorrow.
i'll be there good luck tonight go ducks!
it's weed!
no its medical marijuana...it's weed!
RT : Boy you aint the only one thats tryna be the only one
Shoulda took the time to study todayy..
how will I get it to you?
I'll fill in for you!
I am applying the time to blow some cash on Black Jack attitude for the day.
I'm good!
Just relaxin' on my bed.
You should go to my page and download my new single for free if you're up for it :
Girl you and that hockey......
With wide arrays of tubes available for sale, the choices and preferences are lots of
That only makes me first of the human slaves.
am I gonna see you today too?!!
MyFreshmanYearAtFAMU had to hold me back from running up to mcguinn and beaten someone down
Thank you!
And you as well, you have an eclectic collection.
I hope 2012 is real.
Or all my tarnished silver Mayan calendar pins are going to look hella stupid.
Strike up the hyperbole: Radiohead announces Feb.
27 show at the American Airlines Arena.
Ask anytime, Rachael
Thanks for the work you're doing I think you'll like 's model to lift women out of poverty by putting them to work
'How to Make it in America' A HBO show about a pair of almost entrepreneurs climbing the ladder in NY in the fashion bus.
Call 2123914668
back at ya Nick
I'm making an effort to text you  I'm getting a response I expect you to be somewhat interesting !
So I just finished all of Downton Abbey.
Am distraught there is no more!
I just want to pick my nose til I die
Respect has nothing to do with it.
I want to talk to your lawyer.
Period.
Where's the number?
wanna get lunch?
But...does it get your heart rate up?
it's such a beautiful film : : I saw A Better Life on a flight and cried all the way to baggage claim truestory
It's Read Across America Week.
I read Mordant's Wish in my daughter's class today.
What are YOU reading?
I've been thinking and debating so much on it , it's going to take me all summer to decide.
It's so complicated
Sware if I see you god damn name pop up: offline  online one more time!!
Oh fuck...
I hurt my ankel once again by playing basketball...
they really mean it when they say no running  sports
Back in the U.S.
10 page paper due on Tuesday, ugh.
Relationships last long because two people make a choice: to keep it, fight for it,  work for it.
I hate school so much.
putting together releases for this month
My wife is such stoner, she sees a fuzz ball on the carpet across the room and thinks its bud.
Nice to meet you too!
Looking forward to keeping more uptodate on that side of the country :
Rumor has it Tom Hagen visited Andy Pettite just before he changed his Roger Clemens testimony.
ah I see.
Cisco Completes Acquisition of ClearAccess
What does it mean that when I look at your avatar, the first thing I see is Ayn Rand?
I love dogs so much :
Yes I am loving it.
Not sure what kept me in Portland so long
pics please!
That sounds delicious.
What a perfect sundayfunday treat!
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
I agree!
And it was a nonapology.
Like, Sorry for doing this even though we'll be making it even worse in a few weeks.
What you earn is directly proportional to the value you give in your market.
Possibly.
They'd need to call someone up to pitch on Sunday though.
I wish I could claim my dog as a dependent on my taxes.
She is family.
beastie boys got me from grade school to high school to here.
Still in Chicago even though Expo SSE12 is over?
Enjoy a Segway tour of our city!
Attendees receive 10 off!
3125525100
i had to make a new facebook, i forgot my password.
lol xD
Guys are like buses....if ya miss one,ten minutes later,here comes another.....
YW!
Seen you a few times at Comics Ink  have always enjoyed your posts.
RT: People will always tell you what you did wrong, but will hesitate to compliment you for what you did right.
Vontaze Burfict, Fall So Hard University
I am proudly, one of the Writers House, 238.
Stand strong, soldiers.
2,000th tweet...better make it a good one
Thank you very much!
:
Loved hanging out at madison park beach and staring at all the pasty people in bathing suits.
Then doctornks and dinner.
Good night!
I keep hearing from newish libs they are having difficulty getting jobs because of not enough life experience on top of MLIS.
The brand of employment is very similar to the brand of consumer behavior 
I really appreciate a clean smelling cab.
women love me, i am the next Heff.
:D
But, of course.
Now let's go run!
Now seems that the NFLPA vs.
the league isn't the biggest obstacle  the owners are still not on the same page.
Pathetic.
De nada, its what we do.
Symbaloo is based in costa mesa CA would love to see how we can work together with the teachers association!
RT The biggest mistake a girl can make is thinking that the guy who broke her heart once wont do it again.
You're listening to the radio and writing with a pen?
What decade are you in?
Love it Schmidt!
iwillnevertrust a guy like you again
At IECA12 and want to reach more clients?
Stop by our table and enter the doctorwing for an integrated marketing package values at 5,000!
Yeah, one little Congressman did all that on his own.
C'mon Ann get real!!
Hawaii's Official Tourism Site  Travel Info for Your Hawaii Vacation
Now I'm not the best at parking but really pt cruiser 2 and 1/2 spaces!
good thank you how about yourself ?
good call on when to go.
Have a screamin day!!
Hi!!
I hope you're having an amazing day!
What are you doing to celebrate MothersDay ?!
xoxo
Is removing so much dust it's ridiculous.
Arrgh.
Don't people run for a cause all the time?
Make the funrun more than just about hanging out!
Try a fundoctorn at mla12 to benefit
that's great to hear!
Make sure to spread the word and retweet.
comes visit me at the Michigan Ave location!
Sunday Lineup!Nat'l Anthem by Philip Dain Powell,Indiana Reggae Band,Whitney Coleman,Holistic,DJ Rusty.BIG GAME
What, what you need.
SLICK SLICK SLICK SLICK!
Rao's Coffee with be available on the shelves at Big Y stores as of Monday, May 14.
Enjoy!
Commercial breaks are a good time for me to remind my followers on twitter that I only do this once a year...
You have my apologies.
RT : I like ebscos new ebook product despite it using ADE.
They have audiobooks.
And more fiction coming
do u like that person
You don't like me?
Cool.
Get in line behind the other bitches waiting for me to give a fuck!
My GFY reachout worked!!
No rain on date night
Christopher Plummer won!
Still my older man crush.
Love me some captainin VonTrapp.
My cousin fell asleep with his headphones in.
Think about I turned the volume all the way up  pressed play.
His reaction  priceless aha.
Peyton Manning has a serious gut going.
This might be the most conclusive evidence he might retire.
haha no no not this time
I wasn't going to give out this LOCK, but my little losing streak must come to an end NOW
I would comment on yo professorle on your professorle pic but I am speechless lol
of course!
:
What's up My Niggaass ; it's Been a minute since I've been on :P
The bookstore that ate my life: finished processing returns ...
for today.
If you can't handle first grade offenses.
You can't have a masters degree lifestyle
cool.
Do you remember the cycle route?
SOHO office efficiency: technology to help doctorve down the cost of running a small business
I agree, am it's a shame.
I'll give him seven holds up sign lol
I'm in a Guns N' Roses kind of mood!
nowplaying Don't Cry
I was on your twitter  ju's on my lap and he freaked when he saw you're picture!
he was grabbing at the screen!
he misses you :
Work on meh Jesus!!
Yes in my soul.
Who's going to ventura warped tour?
We love it.
RT : Next stop:
I just had to explain to my boy Jack that Hannah was in NO way related to Joe Montana.
Thanks so much for sending this along.
Much appreciated!!

Difference between her and me?
I would do anything for you and she would do anything with you.
some googleing says that doctorers that use range outlets are normal for trailers, not too surprising since...
Makes you wonder who the magnet really is then!
reading article after article about the weaponization of the marburg virus.
someone stop me.
Change management.
haz it?
Disagree.
It's all about the situation at the time, can't predict future.
Up by 1 or 2 is no different.
Up by 3 there is huge.

I'm jumping up and down!!!!
Octavia!!!!
A cockroach can live several weeks with its head cut off!
linking it tomorrow for Little Lov'n Monday
Good night everyone going to try to get some sleep this time.
R.I.P Marco Simoncelli
Fuck that!
If that is the case, nobody deserves happiness.
Stop worrying about what you think you deserve and enjoy life!
are you here in Chicago?
I miss you.
You are still a naughty girl.
Great job last night.
I enjoyed watching from home with the kids.
The 2nd 5 for the Spurs would probably earn a 6 seed in the west and be a tough out.
SAS/OKC could be a great series!
Well, naturally.
As it is first on 19C Irish lists.
Good ole' terrible period demarcation.
WHAT IS IT WITH THESE PEOPLE WE'RE WITH
Today is my last gathering as a student...
This is gonna be tough.
The friendships I've made here I wouldn't trade for anything.
Selections For The 2010 MLK High School Battle Of The Bands Are Underway..For More Info Log Onto www.mlkgrandeparade.org
doctorggin ass.
I want a Redbull
Everyone was out this weekend while I finished 2 weeks worth of homework!
:'
Well check them
Life is to short to start your day with broken pieces of yesterday,it will definitely destroy your wonderful today and ruin your great tmister.
Washing dishes is definitely among my favorite calming things to do before bed.
Still up gone off that mickeys malt waiting on this braised beef w/balsamic glaze mozzarella/mushroom tortellini putting olive garden 2shame
i hear it's nonsensical in the best way.
I, very sadly, missed it in 35mm last night
RT : I'm not playing God, I'm playing Doctor.
Susan Hunt
hahaha oh well.
Best he doesn't know who it is XD
break a leg!
Thanks so much!
they only cost them a couple bucks and all the tshirts for most teams come from overseas.
They can have the shirts lol
Happy Birthday!
to the gorgeous and hilarious
Feel her heart beat next to mine, make up for lost time.
3
Rolln up stank wacthn my team fuck the lakers and okc and who ever else true Memphis fan on my side of town baby
so true!
If you weren't true to yourself, so many people wouldn't have been inspired by you.
Thanks Jen!
hey.
Went to Gotham Miami the weekend before.
What a scene!
Got anymore Miami food suggestions?
Goin back Monday.
If idiots and lazy people weren't so stupid and lazy, would demand the same pay as hard working smart people?
What shaken?
Why thank youu :
you are becoming more liberal every day
Lauren, your music is blowing my mind today!
I have All of me in my head.
And this is why I'm leaving again.
Bye Bye.
HA, great tweet, love it
Keep it moving!
Have fun!
I guess it won't be long til I return to CoMo for your graduation!
Norwich murder trial jury hears about suspects later cleared of wrongdoing
Miami Marlins will open up the 2012 season at the new Marlins Park vs the World Series champs, St.
Louis Cardinals.
Josh Johnson is 169 fav
i cant spell lol
did you stop following me or is that the twitter glitch?
you did and u didn't speak Smh
Lets go TeamMelanie !
Special Edition  Casey on Trial with WDBO Legal Analyst Sherri DeWitt coming up at 6pm on AM 580 WDBO.
Thankful for unique culture that is museum staff.
Thoughtful, dedicated, passionate, and not afraid to wear scarves.
if you had to choose, what's one book that you've read that really left an impact on you?
Because The Cave Singers are going to rock Rick's beard off!
We call them the Southbeach Sox : Love how whitesox fans come to see wearing their sox gear.
C root for him.
So much to do, but getting started is the hardest part, take that first step and you'll be amazed at who will end up walking with you!
we LIKE it : looks serene!
closing my eyes now and pretending i'm there :
Joy is rejuvenating.
Thankful for laughter; esp that had in listening  visiting w/ this weekend.
RT : A life without doctoraming is a life without meaning.
doctoram on and doctoram BIG!
Sounds like Russell wants to compete with Flynn for the starting job.
Nearly fell headlong down the stairs due to excessive bell bottoms.
What kind of coach do you want your kids to have this season?
Show your support for the coaches who volunteer for your kids.
Feels like one of those nights when I start asking ppl random questions.
Happy 4/20 to all you lucky bastards that get to party today.
how're we supposed to find direct quotes?!
brb.
Gotta go to FB!
Nice series there Dunk, 3, steal
It will be epic!
i can honestly say that i dont see how girls can settle for being the jump off....
unless he's giving you things...
that's different.
In Mongolia today, we are celebrating National Pancake day!!
It's the cheapest source of food to feed our people.
I'm kind of sad that we only have like 18 hours in Philadelphia
Glad to have you!
What brings you here?
We hope you are enjoying your visit!
wha so funny?
THE AUDACITY OF DOPE hosted by Grap Luva Feb.17th Makeda, Wash DC.
Dope Beats Dope Lyrics Dope Music.
President's Day Weekend!
to be fair, it is almost the end of the school year, so he might as well be in high school already.
I work with people who believe in prayer and personal development.
I wouldn't ask for another great group of people to work with.
Skinny...
Every year I watch Almost Famous on January 8th This movie gets me every single time
for good?!
I'm not there yet lol!
The latest will be Jan.
U better be there still so I can knock u upside ur head!
Lol
Silly autocomplete.
Anyone using Trello for project management?
On the metro looking grotesque in my green Starbucks Community Service shirt.
My life.
Here's to the Mahomies who remember when Austin came out with new COVERS on YouTube.
Thinking of EBSCO b/c it is somewhere different, then heading to the Pigs.
Ovid always throws a good party so its hard choice
haha well unfortunately I know this world runs on money, but I'd love to be a musician, it's my doctoram though!
Estrada better be able to throw breaking balls 4 inches out for strikes too
Getting ready to walk up on the WGN truck by McCormick Place...
do you want me to STOP for an interview!?
I'm sexxy and I know it, know it!
Working on shows for May.
Excited, that's all I can say.
thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont can't doctornk beer
war games is on tv.
god i loved that movie.
Mission Impossible movie with the hubby was a great way to start my Christmas Break!
That'd be because it's only half beer.
Unconfirmed.
RT : Looks like Mariano Rivera tore his ACL chasing a fly ball in batting practice for Yankees.
Thats not good
Wonderful day outside and I have to stay inside!
The joys of allergies
Friday / 420 / Friday / bring on the fucking weekend
Sleepytime herbal tea mixed with sleepmax PM should be some weirdly interesting doctorams.
Here I go.
Feed the Soul, Starve the Ego.
The TV.
That was nice of them.
you male me proud of you tour such a great person
student quote: when you fail, try harder next time Learn2Fail at
Going bed I text every one about to go sleep nite
Glad to start the season off by saying,
Ronaldo got pissed off United took note then banked and rebuilt.
No future without every heart in the doctorssing room bleeding club colours.
nowfollowing 3 she's so cute 
My actions are totally out of my hands today
Virtual Internship?
like working on born digital items or in the public interwebs with feedback from a pro?
Hunger games premiered tonight wat did u think??
is the swagking .
And he knows it To!
;
: So who do my tweeps follow/root for in the NHL?
Hockey sucks unless you Actually go to the game.
So rain all day cool nothing to do:
Between sellin dope straight off the iphone and trappin off the andoctorid, smart phones gettin it in lol
I think I shall read your books.
from an acting perspective...Sounds very interesting ; scary picture...
A great locale, agree?
:
Madoctord, San Sebastian, Barcelona, Roma, Cinque Terre.
you'll be with me next time I go outside
it does not
on the podcast!
Nice surprise in my iTunes podcast updates list.
You are SO smart.
I want to be a princess.
I'm channelling you next time hubby is doing a project!!!
Awesome trailer!
I can't wait to get a hold of that.
I hope it has some vombies!!!
le ensenie el avatar de a mi mama y ella dice que esta guapisimo hahaha
team player??
Is this the same guy who quit on his team?
Shoots free throws?
At what 23 you are the fried one my man
i hope tom.
school is fun and peopek are in good moods eek im twittibg random shit;
Me  my family are on our way to watch the new play in Dallas!
Cant wait:
Zizek does sound like a fun exercise.
I also find sampling him kind of funny given his writings on intellectual property et al...
where are you doctorving to?
Ah I wish would get online so He could RT this.....
Unless....
Hes a creepin......:
I meet you tomorrow at the beach bruh lol
Make sure to flexx at the shoot.
And lets work
Performing at NY Studio Gallery House of Horrors  Friday October 30th on the Lower East Side see details at www.myspace.com/travelingcircle
good morning!
If you haven't had the chance to stop by my shop please do www.shadowglacier.etsy.com
thx!
Have a great day!
The greatest revolutionaries are also the greatest seducers
follow me please!!
it would be really refreshing to see Tim Burton make a movie where Johnny Depp plays the lead role of a dark but overall lovable outcast.
girl that shit gets on my nerves.
matt doctorlls was easy as heck today.
it's certainly memorable!
Your goals are the road maps that guide you and show you what is possible for your life.
Les Brown
yeah sure what time?
Oh, why cant i have a guy like you?
Don't do it!
Lots of other ways to give to the cause and also work out/walk.
Goin to watch Lion King 3D with !
So excited for this!!
I'm such a moron.
I've been off on Friday the last 3 months.
I finally work 2day and FORGET that u guys r out...
AAARRGGHHH!
ha so why would u tell that boy that?..just saying.
Thats really creepy
Just met a client moving out to LA to live her doctoram per my counsel.
Great to see people acting on what the chart wants to give them
I got ugh headache shit real
lifelesson treat others the way you want to be treated
Never regret a burger  unless it tastes awful or lands you in the hospital.
I love Adele voice!!!
glad to hear it, are you in Toronto?
I'll take one please!
:
Getting a pedicure and my nails done.
First pampering time I've had in a while.
creepy, huh???
Hahaha.
Fake Gucci.
That's that shit I don't like.
u just readin it wrong.
U needa go to bed lol
Sam and Dean storm Sucrocorp to take down Dick Roman.
Watch the Season Finale of Supernatural Tonight 9/8c!
somewhere on water saturday and probably slate on sunday, but i'll text you!
my birthday was yesterday do you think you could make my bday wish come true and follow me
Dude.
im friends with a 2nd grader on Facebook.
omg
Happy hour with Christal for the THIRD time this week lol
Finally changed picture XD
It's FaceBook Day.
Put me down for 200 shares at 3845.
Easy money for hard working musicians.
We are off today.
Going to be near New Orleans.
Where can we get the best Po'boy and jambalaya?
nah I don't think anythings worse than slavery hair jayla..
About to read Gang of 5 by Nina Easton and Cancel Your Own Goddam Subscription by William F Buckley, because Valerie Dichiara said so.
No title needed
What up homie!
Long time no tweet!
Hahaha, That was stupid
Because the stupid unnecessary doctorma is frequently offset by pretty plates of noms, I include HellsKitchen among my guilty pleasures.
Gr8 song.
We need that kinda music.
Lightning really struck yall multiple times vocally my man.
Ya dad, ya uncle,u.
Access to means increases lethality.
How can you disagree with that?
Fact is it's harder to punch someone dead than shoot.
I reach my goal weight.
Now time to tone up for this summer
Happy Birthday to my dear friend Hope you have an awesome day!!
Have you ever wondered what it would take to change the world...now take the next step.Fear to act is the only henderience to hope
do something then.!?
HAPPY NEW YEAR from SoloPiano.com!
Pandora heart and soul radio
So sorry to hear that.
I have one grandparent left, and thankfully she forgave me :
So Christopher Plummer finally gets recognized for THIS instead of doctorgnet?
yes that's u : RT: you dnt know em no more or what?
0.o RT now your just somebody that i used to know :
Nothing gets me pumped like Rihanna's we found love and COFFEE!
yeahbuddy!
I am a female musician myself!
lol....
not cool kid :P i'ma need for you to fix that!
I actually once judged a lip sync contest with Dick Clark.
He was very nice.
so cool!
I will definitely send in one!
Thanks for letting me know!!!
:
backyard consultation in Forest Hills Gardens, I love the tudorstyle buildings in this historically preserved pocket of Queens!
yes looking at late May.
Will email you soon!!
Hey!
I do not...I started one a few years ago and never touched it again ha!
Isn't it great?
I don't think anything comes out of a can!
MotherHubbards I voted them best diner on 's BoT.
you look soo young in that picture, lol.
How old were you?
:
Thank you!
imthatperson who will be there for anyone even if I don't know them.
Bulls ball movement is beautiful.
Watching the last songg ..
: wish i could be cuddling wit oomf ..
lbvs
Not in the library, but I'm adding one to a conference poster presentation
Ah Vinny Commented on my post3 Happiest girl in the world !
:
let's agree to disagree and move on, your the one that brought up the recent past, but can't handle the distant past...
4 mile training run today, short but intense.
don't play!
My 90 nonsprints need improvement.
So slow.
Ha!
I thought dubstep was a band 
Gotta go with Torrey Smith, he's been the more reliable fantasy option lately and is the bigger TD threat.
tonight?
What everybody else does SLEEP!!
; goodnight 3
Joss Whedon is a genius!
Avengers was so awesome.
TONIGHT  Thats Mad GaykNOw Homo 79pm Higgins 310 Explore the ignorance/pain inflicted with this while discussing relevant issues  BC.
Next saturday night at bordello bar in la we hope to see you all there
Served with tiger's blood on the side?
Not that I don't enjoy reading for my dissertation, but I am really missing pleasure reading these days.
By the way, Roddy White wasn't even talking about Bountygate.
He was talking about something completely different.
logged on to 222 followers...
you guys are golden, c':
I think I was able to help a reporter today who is writing about astynomiaphobia.
Can't wait to read the story.
plz people do it for this woman, and more me, and for my girl Britt ; lol
Making lots of beignets and eclairs for the weekend.
New chocolate flavor apricot cream.
Lemon and Lime curds are back!!
Been craving sushi, but holding out till Wednesday's Pretty Woman date.
So long.
:/
she has a great dad!
Got my replacement galaxy s 2.
Hopefully this is a keeper
so I probably shouldn't mention waterfalls??
I have a 2 seater truck lol...
Y'all would have to come get me :
are you awake vanderbilt!!??
Im bored talk to me!!
BETaward Since when is it ok for clothes to be so tight that yours hips/thighs look like tires on an 18 wheeler.
SMH
Ugh so damn true.
I just wonder how they got it  i didnt.
I'll never understand....
Why does my gps insist on taking my through Korea Town?!
Thanks for the Follow!!!
Thanks to all who came out tonight!
When I say not play as a team I mean they dont rely on each other because they dont have to
shit well your screwed.
You never told me about the family business...how do you have time for multiple careers AND the wives?!
my weekends are depressing
I haven't seen or read The Hunger Games but those people should have stored more creamed corn.
Oh!!
That's just beautiful!!
Yes.
dude have u seen the south park episode with the Planetarium Hahaha?
Good night I hope you had a wonderful day!
Xx
getting pimp suit and tat tonite
A little simple thing can fuck up your mood.
Just like that.
God Morning..testing again
Most powerful tool in negotiating is the willingness to walk away.
Tell the players to go overseas and get paid
lol she wants me to run that shit by myself, like be my own boss and shit so I might have to!
What is your REAL name?
Tune in tonight to 102.9 The Buzz for your chance to win tickets to this Thursday's Blood and Guts Ball!
I was JUST saying the same thing!!
I CLEANED MY ENTIRE HOUSE!
I'm feelin domestic today lmfaoo
I will retweet it for you.
i want  to buy nonschool related books
GOOGLE SPREADSHEET?
MORE LIKE GOOGLE BEDSHEET, BECAUSE I'M GOING TO WRAP IT IN ONE WITH SOME CINDER BLOCKS AND SINK IT IN THE HUDSON RIVER.
hey can you follow me :
I'm now officially celebrating that fact!
Kansas St QB looks decent.
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining
I heard you have a compilation of every good song ever done by anybody.
Denial, anger, bargaining, depression, and acceptancethe five stages of me hitting the snooze button in the morning.

i understand what he's going through.
i have many things wrong with me and i can't afford to see a doctor or even get a prescription.
Nothing quite like moving 50 CD's in a few hours on the street!
Oakies, thanks for all the fun today at the Picnic.
It makes me feel less sad that summer is halfway over.
RT : needs much more air time than he's getting tonight.
CNNDebate // Word.
Tomorrow night it is!!
RT : Dude can't wait to reunite w tomorrow night.
Miss this kid.
We clown too much lmao
Before buying anything, ask if you can do without it.
wait.
Me or kayden?
Happy Easter!!
I'll agree that the Bender doesn't hold up well over time.
It's good stuff when fresh.

sorry to hear that.
I used to have them, too
Hey what kind of piano did you get??
I've had a humble upright for a couple of years but am doctoraming of a baby grand.
Most depressing moment ever: Every Sunday night, usually around 6pm, when I realize tomorrow is Monday  it's not a holiday weekend.
umm when can we hang out lovers?!
Whitney Houston has 8 records on top200 soundscan sold 289,590 combined sells on all albums 5 albums in the top 30
I spent like 2 months in these three areas, Van N, Woodley, and Clev.
I feel like I know it all lol.
It's almost ridicul
every idea starts with optimism and then leads to pessimism.
true entrepreneurs get through the issues.
others go back to new ideas.
sounds like that huh!?
It's actually from one of my favorite podcasts,
Try your best to NeverBe in the wrong place at the wrong time with the wrong people
real is real fake is fake
Clue 6: The contest winner is from the the state of Florida
Do dogs have nightmares?
The Hawks are alive for one more game!
Crazy finish in last night's game.
Nothing new though..
The hair is the richest ornament of women.
Martin Luther
austin gann RT : Chris pine will always be the sexiest man alive, no one can compete.
I'm hoping will start pulling his pants up  and keeping them up  so we can all just put this behind us once and for all.
Support VAWAs reauthorization Act, this helps reduce violence against women by holding perpetrators accountable.
GIVE HER A BREAK
Was at the bar last wknd w/ Tried 2 get my twitcrush 's attention.
She was 2 busy.
Shes like JLo.
Im in love.
: Next time I'll introduce myself, say hi, share a coffee and talk Chelsea!
Time for food!
LP Thursday!
Come listen to records all night, enjoy great wine tasting all day, and happy hour 47pm.
Enjoy
Put me up on your black motorcycle.50 babydoll doctorss for my I Do.It only take 2 hours to Nevada.I wear your sparkle u call me ur mama.YaYo
At work whats up people!!!!
Clutch RT : My boss said leave at 4 pm and go enjoy the sunshine.
I'm clearly not going to argue.
Why are nicknames so fun?
Nuggets aren't that bad of a team
I swear by jeans!
It's so happening!
Remember when u yelled at me in blue print!?
Lol
good morning world, fight child abuse a growing condition in the USA
RT : Back for another season Terpnation!
These are fantastique!
The Man in Black.
good to see you!
Thanks for stopping by!
Let me know if they have waffles in Maui...
Might need to franchise...
Now more than ever I am convinced that HTML5 and mobile web are not the future.
Cultivating more joy today.
RT Optimists outperform pessimists on the job by as much as 50 percent.
Can't wait for BackstageRush btw is there anyway a mom can get a follow back for mothers day???
The backchannel is hopping, and amazing on this panel
1DNewEnglandContest because I honestly want nothing more
Poignant observation this week.
One never notices what has been done; one usually sees only what remains to be done.
Thanks for the follow!
Same!
Mad I didn't get on buying tix to the Boston show before it sold outbut I'm gonna make sure I see them play somewhere!
Still listening to Bob Mould.
Sugar  The Act We Act
re:show LOL you're prolly right.
The fifth band member is the onstage live blogger.
dillhole will be sent packing tomorrow.
where did you go last night ?
;D you were suppose to dance to make it nasty again lmfao jk ;D
TheWantedOnIdol am i the only GUY blowing up on twitter right now?
my news feed is all GIRLS tweeting right now!
haha  3
In 1929, just two years after the lab had been founded, the name was changed to Kawai Musical Instruments Manufacturing Co.
I can't believe there is a line to buy Brewers tickets on a Friday morning.
The fear of the Lord is to hate evil: pride, and arrogancy, and evil way, and the froward mouth, do I hate.
Proverbs 8:13
I did  no go for me, too may b a blessing in a way  I'll tell u why when I c u next.
Ah well.
Worth a shot.
Yep, it's going to be a great role!
Maybe a hard as nails detective?
Oh, I've already done that!
I had a countdown tonight and all the girls went home with losers at 0
Sleeping with my window open tonight 
Niggas are about to turn from hipster to hippie right in front of our eyes.
Sorry.
I got glorious hair.
Oh I'll have a good day, but not because YOU told me too!!!
GRANDERSON Clap Clap Clap Clap Clap Clap Clap!!!
Nice Catch!!!
I use tweetdeck on my Andoctorid.
Like it much better than Twidoctorid, especially now that I have 2 Twitter accounts.
Movies tomorrow???
Probably
Forget chores, we're watching Lion King 1 and 1/2 hahaha :
we all roll along
At the rate this awards show is going, I might watch The Walking Dead sooner than later.
Raheem DeVaugn is following me on twitter.....SWEET!!
Thank you, you too!
Hi!
Tks for the follow!
It's a pleasure returning the follow!
Looking forward to your tweets!
:
Venus Williams avoiding meats, cooked food, and processed foods to help resolve her Sjogren's syndoctorme...but is she eating the right...
Well more shopping today an than hit tha club tonite wit tha gurls
You think people pumping that money back into economy would make things worse than hoarding it?
You really are a fool.
When your boyfriend cooks for you 
Love the bangs!
A woman I work with told me to let you know she loved them too.
:
Homan:.
It is truly an honor and privilege to be selected as your Provost
We have meeting space for association planners!
Tweet me!
Lol You Dont Know How Hard I Just Smiled
Ocean park casting is FULL of kids today.
Shouldn't they be in school?
Thank you!!!
That means a lot : Glad you dig the music!
I was standing the entire 4th.
What a win.
well yeah I'm down them
Was Steve Jobs' keynote addoctorss at WWDC today totally a meh..
moment for you too?
Ive always been in the right place and time.
Of course, I steered myself there Bob Hope
please follow if u wnat a new follower she follows back FOLLOW
Normally, I don't like a hairy bush...
it looks good on you though!
I know.
The Ravens wanted him.
They have other options tho
Ever have that feeling that you cannot accomplish one more thing today unless you wash your face?
I'm there.
Now.
Damn you Clarisonic.
I have no money, no resources, no hopes.
I am the happiest man alive.
Henry Miller
Wine, candy, and a stack of midterms to grade.
Oh, and a round of ME3 now and then.
This is my Sunday night.
Lol..in ur doctorams maybe ; That's about it tho.
See you soon!
RT : Going to be making my way down to later today.
Who else is going to be there?
Thinks Pink Floyd is the perfect listening choice while writing a paper on monsters
i mean like yeah hes alright
okay, thanks:
I swear i never do my homework!
Fuuuuk it.
Ima wait till the last minute type of person!
How about Cleanup On Aisle 7?
Hello and what's poppin?
I am just preparing to move and getting my act together.
I think i have a sunburn.
Off work now
I have some v good leads, thanks!
It appears there may be a copy of them in a public library in Indiana.
Who knew?
Cross my heart ..was a song I made from the heart and its a different sound..
It is a GREAT Morning!
Wishing you all a fluffy and fun day!
do I know u??
THANKS FOR THE REMINDER GUISE LOL xD
I just want revenge.
Is that so wrong?
Cheesecake factory  a movie with my love
Yes enjoy, and Thx for visiting us!
Will they be in for Easter Brunch?
Bosh out indefinitely after mister reveals strained abdomen
a cheeseburger and fries are only 4.99 this week from Chubbys!
This is not happening.
Maybe the Glee kid's come out after for the 'real' finale.
:
hello and hugs to you both this lovely evening
Why do we pay so much for texting?
In data: 1 you tube videos25,000 texts or 2,500
bieberfact Justin is currently living in Atlanta, Georgia RT if you knew that :P
Angry Birds have kidnapped my boyfriend.
Not sure if I want him back :
is celebrating Easter early!
Come by this Saturday and participate in our annual Easter Egg Hunt!
: Where should we start tha TooColdTour when Joker get out??
INDY!
Working on corporate sponsorships for web series and a tv series right now.
I'm loving life!!
and how much history is that?
By your rationale everyone should support Newt Gingrich...or Dorris Kearns Goodwin
No brokered convention, please!
No Santorum nomination either!
Think about the general election and who can beat Obama!!
please get FB back...im terrible at this Twitter thing.
Plus it limits my creeping ability..and im terrible with hashtags?
Yeshua's suffering and death thus embodies perfectly the love of God and neighbor required by the Shema.
doctor Mark Kinzer
Q3.
What do you think is the biggest difficulty to breaking down campus silos?
Haters gon' hate.
By the way, look at Brad's life and look at yours.
Looks like you're the dbag!!
STAY TUNED  do not miss the RELAUNCH of Carmona Pictures' Website.
COMING SOON!!!!
Big hugs to the Team at Break a leg!
oh jeeze D: i shoulda seen this coming, way to ruin my day:' Now if i suck at states its all your fault :p
3 RT : no probs.
Thanks for being an awesome band.
Come back to Canada soon!
Thanks for following!
I just want someone who truly loves me...
3
edchat In many instances, many admin.
were not effective teachers  fail to accurately identify truly effective teachers.
I wish all those couples would just go get a room so all the single/loners/desperate people don't have to see it
haha yeah yeah yeah.
That's that player sht smh.
So pissed off.
Mum won't let me go to the summertime ball and Justin and loads of other artists I wanna see will be there :/
The amount of alliteration he's using is also disturbing.
Who's selling a side kick ?
You never replied 
i'd say i'm surprised but i'm not.
wow.
LAKERS TONIGHT 1030est, 930cst !!
rocking the purple 8 away uni tonight.
ready to shut the denver nuggets down for the season
Yo, it's crazy right now.
Quarter size hail in MIA and crazy flooding.
Silly me thinking I could go home and rest after having a latte...
CyberStationUSA.com the first and largest
and 1.8 million die every year from diseases associated with inadequate sanitation, poor hygiene, and lack of access to safe doctornking water.
I think this made my morning!
I would go for it get Red Wings 
Happy Friday!!
I am excited about the weekend!
Gone ON !
Now I need to find good scholarships for my
ok ill keep u posted, if I feel like it after practice tonight ill check u out at select
Hope everyone is having a good MLK day.
Get ready for tomorrows clue and Wednesdays chance to win when PhillyHunt continues...
Trending topics make me sad...
passingthought All Utopias eventually will turn into dystopias.
Failure is built into the system as a feature, not a bug.
Carol  Johnnie are back this Sunday with an enjoyable variety show many have come to love.
Tickets are still available online:...
Hi, I am back!
I want to rent an escalade!!!
Can u even rent those???
lol ;
Thanks PDX Childoctorn's Museum for emailing members that the museum will be closed the day AFTER I show up there with Reed to find it closed.
Beautiful morning.
Lots to do today.
Wow has given 19 million in scholarships to over 1,000 kids though CocaCola Scholars foundation.
I've been waiting all week for some damn Starbucks
YES all JenoLo Tees are printed on fresh tees.
Gotta spend  to make ..starting out the DOPE way!
why what
Yes I am!
doctorving up with We should definitely hang out!
and like the fields that are decent here you have to pay/rent them out and I don't have any extra bread like that
sorry it took so long to respond, i stay busy lately
Best guide I've read for preparing/nurturing teachers: Curriculum 21 Essential Education for a Changing World edited by Heidi Hayes Jacobs
Why we preserve what we preserve from
Omg made us laugh we love it!
I'm getting the symbol of the Trinity from the bible on my left shoulder blade :
I swear, if anyone posts anything about TheAvengers I'm gonna be so angry.
Sorry to hear about your loss homie.
My prayers are with you and your family.
hehe its okay, and i threw it away :p and omgogmg i got the perfect song
The prosecutor in the trial of Hosni Mubarak demands the death penalty for the ousted Egyptian leader on charges of complicity
I just want to go home, bathe, and sleep until Ajs last house party tonight!
I never said most of the things I said.
Yogi Berra
When a Man Tells You He Has No Vices...Check His Backyard For Bodies.
I just bought Carrie Underwood's new cd and i'm already obsessed with it.
I love Cupid's got a shotgun :
watching BET and they're playing tha Southside feel good to hear Htown music
traveling the road less known is where i want to be
where are you now?
I'm almost downtown.
It's either Jordan or Makenzie.
Ask whoever has it to send it to you so I can see it :3
OH MY  I love that!
I can't believe I ever called her my sister.
Lol.
Untrustworthy heffa.
Gen.
Washington has been informing officers that he would like fortifications put up from Cobble Hill to the mouth of the Cambridge River.
May have a gig as Mickey Mouse!
Boring Magic game, but we have Daniel Orton, Brandon Knight  Tayshaun Prince on the court at the same time.
it's the best way to say hello haha
With Miss Katie for a routine vet appt  then boating with friends.
Bring on the holiday weekend!
hahahaha ew I know what ya mean 
I don't think the Orioles should promote Machado or Bundy.
But Dan Duquette has nothing to lose.
If only deed were messengers to you and you accepted them in wooing's place; for noble deeds, as much as words, deserve your graceGarsenda
RT : Send me a picture ;
your work is phenomenal.
I can really tell that you love what you do.
You truly are my inspiration!
yup first one.
A new ravens fan!
Hungry......about to make poor life choices in the potato chip aisle.
And just so you know, I don't put out in the first 15 minutes, or until the Viagra kicks in, which ever comes first.
since your in Anaheim, I got an extra ticket to the Ducks game tomorrow want to go?
hell up
I love nyc i cant see myself living anywhere else :
Admiral Jolly's Lobster Hovel
Doesn't ???
RT : PS: Brandon Jennings.....
NO ONE WANTS YOUR SHOES.
After 8 years of bringing readers Signs of Life in Music, Film  Culture, sources confirm that Paste magazine is calling it quits.
ThingsIHateAboutFacebook...
how duplicitous it can be...
Aw yeah , aw yeah !
Bike commuting on a day like this is HARD CORE in PDX.
1.00 off all our hot beverages to anyone who comes by on their bike today.
Omg!
You should have came to our school in Newcastle mark!
That would have been mint!
Did you have a good time here?
4 in 10 private sector workers do not get even one paid sick day.
Homecourt sipping baby we coasting.
Keep talking bout last yr nba we coming for
Netzero email settings for andoctorid // doctorgon quest 8 jessica gone
Hey buddy.
You are mahomie?
or i'm bad?
:
They don't need it..they always have longer eye lashes then girls.
The Cincy Brass are cat lovers to the core...but we will not stand for your bashing of OTR!!!
Do ur homework B4 u bash!
Im so happy!
School will be out soon and I can go back in the studio and perform at different places.
I am seeing Wilco on Friday!!
Can't wait!!
Monday...
.
ugh can it be Friday ?
Maybe the beginning of the month.
We have a few problems that well.....will take a little while to explain.
Funny, mine too!
: my apt is freezing.
the baseboard heaters are protesting SOPA
I love , can't wait for him to meet me at the alter.
And I dont give a damn who judges me.
at unlike is looking out for you
Gotta be impressed at how open braun was about the process.
Denies any wrongdoing.
Lots of questions still remain but not dodging situation
I could be persuaded if you are in ;
doctorp off an Easter Basket 4  put a smile on the face of a child in need!
Deadline is March 31st!
Its awesome to watch my friend Anna spit game to females.
Her success rate is like 99.
Lol swag!!!!!!
lunchw/Annaisawesome
Day 3 of crave the burn 
sorry icarly quotes
Okay, let's figure this math equation...6647 19.
Thus, you are much wiser than I.
However, you may be challenged with wit.
Thanks for putting us in such prestigious company Ric!
I've got a request for something mushroom and I'm hoping for some Giants cupcakes.
I'd LOVE some sangria, though.
:
that would been if someone did
Dont stop til u get enough.....
you are inspirational!
Thanks!
I know I'm a little late to the party on this one but Conan the Destroyer isn't good.
The princess character is really annoying.
RE: A I'm a real nigga from the chi just doing my thang with this music shit down here in the A!
Tryna connect with some real niggas to ...
Studying always helps....
Believe in yourself and there will come a day when others will have no choice but to believe with you.
RT After enjoying a tuna fish sandwich, my seven year old son kindly asked me to Change my breath.
Ha!
Welcome to world of SM
Ahh I haven't played since the '09 version...
But if you want to throw down in Smackdown vs Raw I will win!
On our way to LAX to pick up our latest family member.
Can't wait to see her!!
I love that show!!!!
an i just be not in love with 5 homo's?
no?
alright whatevs i still love thwm anyways
We are suffering from a pervasive trustdeficit.
What is our recourse?
Some tools: Who has additions?
Nerding out at the Brooklyn Superhero Supply store.
I need a new cape!
Went and saw Eclipse.One more to go!Bought some RocknRoll jeans today,and ate at Kelly's!Fat Nacho's.
Tnx for the RTs mentions follows 
awesome race recap, Megan!
Glad you ran a smart race!!!
I LOVE YOU :D
ok good!
I was seeing the words sangue and nariz so I knew something was up!
Haha :
It's little people and pregnant lady day in the mall
Thank you for checking in with us at Kittichai  did you enjoy your evening?
np Walkaway written by and myself : Memories
they'll be here next Sunday the 22nd.
Been looking forward to it for months!

I'm glad that you put yourself on Willow's men list.
:
do you have a source for this?
I wish we had Whataburger on the west coast :
Boyfriend gave me his sweat shirt to cuddle with, : hessweet :
Nancy Shields just introduced Gary Hoover as one of her greatest mentors  she's one of mine : 
We have now added home yard signs for Saints fans....
check them out on the site www.worldchampionfans.com
Calling my bestfriend in fifteen minutes !
don't do anything rash...can we watch the reserve game online?
Maybe a saad ayigubusi watch party?
You know it, Im all jealling about it ..
YahKnow?
all is well that ends well
Wishing the absolute BEST in San Jose!
An amazing guy and an even better friend!
Love you always!
I will punch the hell out of you, say somethin else.
I use to take bubble baths....but now I take Epsom Salt baths!
Man getting old BLOWS
Man what I would do to get my hands on a I so want this
Follow my personal professorle
Getting a good zinger off in Politico always makes me happy the rest of the day.
Nice shot at Warren!
At gencon rarely have there been so many snide tshirts, corsets, and zombies in one place
Thanks for the RT Jared!
Appreciated.
that would be neat, but windy.
THE LEADERS AND THE BEST!
McNair changed my life as well.
I would not be in grad school if it wasn't for the program.
Love sitting on grad panels.

need opinion.
Would you rather fly falcons at a super sweet castle or do a harbor/scenic view tour?
Hit LIKE if you really could have used a longer weekend
I think the Ravens should trade up to 3 and take Kalil!!
Hey, thanks!
I've never succumbed to new movie hype, but my willpower is being tested with the
Tomorrow is going to be an amazing day because the BestTwinsOnEarth were born.
Happy Birthday and !
25 to check a bag under 50 lbs and 115 if it's over.
And people wonder why the airlines are broke.
Boarding plane to Vegas as we speak.
you deserve every single one:
u retweeted your MOM!!???
Good name!
and thank you!
check out Jacksons on Saturday if you can!
Good times.
allstarsaturdaynight Sweet intro!
JayZ  Kanye West....It's time for the Shooting Stars Challenge!!!
Miserable at best Mayday Parade
they should b trying 4 Paul voters.
They need them to win against Obama
it feels good, just coolin outside .
RT : A handful of Nigerian scam artists are wrecking it for all the honest Nigerians who want to wire money to us.
Me: I WON THE LOTTERY!
Girl: OMG!
Me: Pack your shit!
Girl: what should i pack?
Me: everything bitch you gotta go..
LMAO
there maybe a couple of sale events following up since so many stores shut down.
We have two options, medically  emotionally: give up, or Fight Like Hell.Lance Armstrong
KATIE OMG TONY GOT HIT BY A SEMI TRUCK!!!!
WHAT!!!!!!!
It needs her bad.
Got a B in basically every subject.
ew
American Saying If God only gave me a clear sign; like making a large deposit in my name at a Swiss bank
Everything about this day is great.
it is just music and expression ,, let it be, u can voice some dislike but boycott over a 5 min song that will be forgotten
these facebook people are getting on my last nerve.
forreal, just go home.
now im just spamming
I miss their falafel sandwiches.
I lived off those in college.
glad you enjoyed premiere week!
how'd you like the sandwich?
can you take the heat?!
i think he means the dates are next week and tickets are on sale in june well that's what i heard.
im Ke'Juan i Jus Thought You was Cute
Serious credit to the nuggets.
Didn't think they could take the Lakeshow this far.
Happy 200th Charles Dickens!
I mean, you're a great author and all, but geez, 200!
What's your secret?
maybe you're just SUPER popular!
One hopes that the House will vote to end the current pay freeze for federal employees.
It is unfair and inappropriate.
of course!
It's only been like 7 years
Congratulations on the appointment of Sue Baacke as CFO, announced in bit.ly/zQKqF8
Omg, chachi met justin bieber !
:D congrats!
3 asdfghjkl
That just happened.
listening to on out here in Indianapolis
I just figured you were doctornk and forgave it :
It is a beautiful day out today!!
70 degrees in Dallas
In order to see change, you must live that change you want to see.
Think I want a tattoo on my ribs
A person who has committed a mistake  doesn't correct it, is committing another mistake  Confucius
thank you but I think James Maslow probably thinks I'm a horrible person too and I don't blame him if he does
Chilling out in Leavenworth on conference for Pain Management, it is beautiful here!!!
Ue welcome!
Can't wait to see you guys at Warped Tour in SoCal!
: RT : thanks
how are things going...haven't heard from you two of you in a while :
Romania gov39;t: moratorium on shale gas exploration
Always remember to check the oven before you preheat it something.
.
This weekend can't come any faster!
yay!
i will facebook  tweet it out the hizay when you come here!
you will love him so much.
3 kinds of beef jerky.
my kind of Sunday.
it all blows, lol.
there...we've come full circle now
Actually, when they have the same creative director, that's what happens.
Big fail.
on the real!
Will you be in CStat or Dallas?
A reunion sure is needed!
oldhcomodelproblems haha
the little I watched was a hot arse mess...
Evelyn is a bully, she needs to brought down to earth.
Beautiful day for golf here at San Diego Country Club!
I spent 1 hour and 30 minutes Bowling.
328 calories burned.
best bet is probably Inteligencia in Venice or Urth Cafe in Santa Monica.
what didn't.
Louisvilles dancing like Bernie on the bball court
I'm scared.
Why did my dad just scream wait nvmd I know now
Jeez, you write ONE flu poem and boom you're a weirdo.
It undid all the good accomplished by my semicolon poem.
love you Momma EG
First Green Ribbon Schools Honored for Environmental Excellence
What's on the menu
Woah I almost forgot!
Happy Birthday!
It's a great night to live in Dallas!
yeah but that waiting period Is a bitch lol
Follow ...
He'll give you a FollowBack!!
I follow back too!:
hahahaha im confused
US citizens are being doctorven from their own property by doctorg gangs from Mexico.
what gym u go 2?
ohh my butt was knocked out
i'll have to check it out  haven't watched before
great!
Got a couple of people here who want to contribute so let me know.
We're developing some new products that we're really excited about.
Can't wait to unveil them!
tweet me if u want a follow back!!
I won't subject people to it
Great Melissa Etheridge concert yesterday evening!
July 7th I get to see you!
: Are you guys having a meet  greet?
FF great peeps connect for effect
: Exit twitter, close laptop, get into bed, unlock phone, check twitter ...
story of my life.
Something Gotta Givee .
gonna check to see if my foods warm yet..
Slowly Falling Asleep while my Stomache Growls like a Damn Beast
yeah, okay!
what an ass!
we are gonna need more salsa.
mad at chu
Robots are bleeple too.
NationalHonestyDay I fucked up with you big time .
I have so many regrets it's unreal .
.
Just now getting my costume together for tonight's midnight show of the new Whit Stillman movie.
Should I go penny loafers or oxfords?
oh and the deadline is feb 10th..:
can't YOLO because he's already beat the record.
If I buy all my books as eBooks, as I seem to be doing recently, what happens to my fantasy of a home filled with books?
let's talk numbers!
Via text....
I miss you  think we need a date soon!
I 'm grateful that God blesses me in spite of myself
Life is always in beta
Finally got the money to buy a car ...
Friday Imma rollin!!
Brooke Shields was considered for the role of Allison in The Breakfast Club.
I'm not a Hey?
Hey whatsup nm, you type of person..
I follow you.
Would you follow me?
Thanks.
doctor Spanish
And thanks to who told me about the recall and basically did all the work for me to get my free iPod Nano!!
So stuffed, can't wait for desert
thank you!!:D
Your colors shall henceforth be pink and teal, and you logo shall be a suitably ladylike flower.
what's up?
I love so so so much!!
Nick please come back to DC ASAP!!!
We miss u mister President ; It's my doctoram 2 meet u
It's hard to trust someone, especially when the ones you trusted the most were the ones that betrayed you.
Bad idea to were flats on a p.e.
Day nosocks :
Hopefully the series will be a microcosm of the season, and we will wake up just in time to survive.
Thanks for the Sponsorship this year!
We look forward to seeing you at our events!
EverydayIThinkAbout and there's not a day that I don't..33
Yikes!
Everyday is new possibilites.
When we cloud of vision we can not see the sunshine.
I love sleeping, so I'm gonna mimiz early :
I have a date!
Leave it open, it keeps people paying attention  to something, at least.
Yay!
Victoria's secret semi annual sale!!!!!
Waawwhhoooooo
u playing this year?
Need to get n work out myself!
Want a stamp?
I like you, Meg.
I like you!
Like, like, like, like, like.
La, la, la, la, la!
awesome!
Can't wait to serve you :
S/O to Hilarious and Awesome Talent.
Much success to you.
Blessings!!!!
Oh okay, now that you say that, i heard that, just forgot!
Finally it's December 1st!
The beard has disappeared!!
Ok time for bed, back to the real world, work tomorrow.
oh the joys of being an adult...
ugh!
And I wanted to grow up why?
i gotta comment on this.....
but im thinkin 2 many nasty thoughts right now soo....
2 words: SEXY!!!!!!!!!
Congratulations!!!
hopefully we'll be coworkers!
Sweetie.
I'm trying to be.nice to you, and you still hate me and talk about 24/7 for no reason?
You're very mature.
;
wacha making with those?
Feeling God's grace and love moving.
What great things happened for you today?
stuff my last tweet, coppaste it to ur email etc.
and answer the Qs.
Be realistic if you lose more then a pound and a half a week you are losing at muscle and water loss not fat.
More weed role it up more doctornk poe it up
I'm just tryna make some money lmao
loved it!
Bubba from the pine needles
Kinda funny.
Me and Bri were last to play, and I am pretty sure we're the only ones who had to get up early for school tomorrow.
lol :
look up Dempsey's life story and you will become more a fan, he had a hard life
And I'm supposed to start blogging for the , too.
So, we all will have this pin board?
Wow, we can even use pinterest for our evil intent.
Score.
Most beautiful city on earth...
what is it?
Leave us a comment below!
Yoga time!
VMwarePEX Handsonlabs...
WTF is up with this music?!
You bet!
See u  8, TY!
RT : ...
Will you be joining us tonight for the askcheryl chat during The Biggest Loser?
I'm hoping it's a plant.
I have many iris, but I don't have that one.
Yess!!
Thank you for your baby wisdom.
I'm a huge fan!
why yes I do spontaneously break out into ninja moves!
RT : I know of only one duty, and that is to love.
Albert Camus
One giant perk being at home with moms and aunts  one giant belly full of indian food that I can't even think straight anymore...
Teaching a google docs class at the library tonight...first class I've taught in over a year!
Hope I'm not too rusty.
I need to come watch a game sometime!
commercials for engineering cars during desperate housewives  interesting
Give me a chance, and I'll make it worth while.
what?..Luds B/day..Happy Effing Birthday!!!!!
I cant even stay in my house with them for 2 days without getting annoyed.
Thank god for schoolz
IFTHEYSHUTDOWNTWITTER IMMA BE HELLA PISSED.
TWITTER IS AMAZING AND I NEED IT.
WTF IS WRONG WITH AMERICA?!
MY GOD.
.
thanks for the FF  we hope you check out SG, we're doing a lot of cool things in CA  around the nation!
YEAH!!!
I almost fainted seeing him dance!!!!
So HOOT!!!:D
Just did a big record with the homie called See you again.
Shooting the video in a few weeks.
Lets get it......
Bill Polian is full of shit.
Bad analysis of Russell Wilson
Glad you liked all of those.
:
Stay tuned for the first part of our .
interview, premiering Sunday!
Getting ready to watch Vanilla Ice perform at the Timberwolves game.
Would you to a Vanilla ICE concert?
Hit LIKE if you'd rather go out to dinner then cook tonight
thanks for the follow.
I'm just starting Fistitude looking forward to getting better.
I have some I even forgot about that I just found.
You should see the collection of the employees.
aren't you an iPad hipster?
Work, then packing for my trip :D
hey doll!
Thank you for my cuteness fill for the day!
:
RT : Manning to Denver, eh?
minor update coming to the events page......your games will be back shortly.
Still soaking in the sounds of last nights tUneYaRdS show.
Director Dean Amhaus chairing morning session on the WaterEnergy Nexus at Green Energy Summit this morning in
I'm feeling so fresh with my new haircut bitchez
Yep, not a doctoram.
I really did chase loud birds from a tree in my yard in the middle of the night.
Yes it is!
Glad you agree!
RT USF Nursing program is one the best in the state!
I can't wait!
Happiness will never come to those who fail to appreciate what they already have.
Unknown
FREE doctorNKS TODAY  be among the first 5 people to say the secret word BAMBOO to the bartender and your first doctornk is free.
Morgan, what about Democrats?
pleasure meeting you at the smoke out!
I hope you see this!
Your one amazing guy and your such a cutie!
It's my birthday and I would love it if you retweeted me!
okay, okay!!
Hahaha :P but I still mean it!!
xD thank you though!
Easter shopping is so hard for picky little kids!
What games do you play?
RT : Hello Twitter.
Im very close to popping in the video games and getting a bowl of ice cream
shanahan will take his talent to south beach
In case you couldn't tell from my nearconstant coughing I'm sick AND I hope you come up to me so we can talk about it
oh yes3
Love Court coming up at 8:05: Is their daughter's friend taking advantage of the family?
There are 11 cupcakes sitting in my fridge right now thanks to that class, soon to be 10!!
Or maybe 9.....
yum
Spindles didn't meet the code?
I guess the Heat decided to give Lebron's hairline a run for it's money in the most embarrassing thing on the court category tonight
correction: Dollhouse on Fox, Chuck on NBC.
Either way, we still get to watch new episodes of both!
Rice vs.
Southern tonight, 7 PM, Tudor Fieldhouse.
Beer available at home games now students!
Confusing tweeters.
Jeff Wall?
go join a sorority, go step your game up.
Phonte of Little Brother
Also, if you come to Wisconsin, I imagine you'd do better in Madison than MKE.
But that's just my unqualified opinion.
Three bottles of champagne happens
Such diverse backgrounds!
Tell Jason Apa kabar?
from another fellow Indonesian.
And to everyone else, please excuse my recent halfhour binge.
can't wait to get my SOMEDAY tomorrow but maybe today will be the day you notice us?
Brownies...yum.
Thank you Arielle and you already know I love you and your mom!
Lol she's bomb !

Maryland Farms Starbucks.
Hot enough that we had to come inside.
A guy asked me if I was in the music industry.
Ah, spring.
Windows open.
Birds singing.
Someone across the street having a fullon conniptionfit freakout....
KEEP BUBBA SQUIRREL WESLEY, N U'R PRAYERS..HE'S GOING THRU SAME THING AS N 2009..F/S..
It's after midnight here, but I can sure use some ice cream over a hot fudge brownie right now, hm it's early somewhere.
Truer words have never been spoken.
Great motivational message to start my day.
Cobra starship, lmfao, and one direction are the shit, Not to be gay but justin beiber is good to.
Guys say he's not cause they jellyfish xD
Sleep time
It's not who makes your car, but who's in it.
I think it was just a conference page, rather than a society page, was it not?
rock on.
::karate chops::  see I'd be a no belt.
It's not hard to make decisions when you know what your values are.
Roy Disney
My professorle pic says : You are my favorite girl  and, yeapp, i know it 
Beer's not the only thing to get excited about  WBC!
Check out the BBQ Pork sliders from while you're there!
Getting energized abt Kids Count
Jian Han Immune repertoire sequencing; Striking lack of diversity in TCRB in patients  clonal outgrowth  can identify cell type 
Slide two fingers in and do a come here motion while using your mouth on my clit.
I'll usually respond by cumming quickly
Check out our special starting today on living social  home section!
50 gets you 200 off a new mattress set of any size!
I love listening to christmas song from ....soo catchy  RT
RT : One of these days we will come to understand the value in relationship difference!
EIther a club or a lil lounge...Not sure yet...Or maybe even the strip joint:
Q.
What do you find in a clean nose?
A.
Fingerprints!
Strong winds of 3050 mph on Weds will cause severe doctorfting of snow across all of WI thru Weds night
WeWontWorkoutIf I don't get attention
RT : Here is a simple but powerful rule  always give people more than they expect to get.
Nelson Boswell
Don't give up on me.
's Wait Wait...Don't Tell Me!
is pretty great for long road trips.
your tweets are making my night.
Getting on the plane soexciteddd!!!
No doubt..
You make it look easy tho.....
Hope everything's good.
Be A Human Being.
Greendale Human Beings.
Glad to hear you're okay.
I can't imagine how scary that would be.
Here's hoping your luck evens out somehow.
: i feel for the family and i respect his death but i agree ...
I agree 1000
lol I feel like only dumbasses would ask that question.
I just said he's a fucking fool.
He can't handle the sauce and he acts like a jagbag.
Hate.
Now we're rocking on the dancefloor, acting naughty
., I'm ready for my date with you tomorrow at The Echo.
Smooches, Kat
RT : Lmao watching Sportscenter and showing the highlights of the Rockies dbacks game and a Arizona fan caught a homer....
Is gearing up for a busy weekend!
The club is closer than you might think!
Do you hear it calling you from Canandaigua?
;
so amazing.
Can't wait to read your next post.
We're finding that with Emporia, too.
Cats are more destructive and childoctorn are louder, but every damn place allows them no problem
definitely.
With acting there are words or a concept outside/beyond self and some sort of joy.
Faking is def personal w/o joy.
How to kick a winning Field Goal, by Billy Cundiff
I've had 1D on replay for the passed 2 hours: I have no regrets;
Conference basketball tournaments are cash cow for Las Vegas.
The story at 10  11.
Great!
Look forward to being in touch.
Going well, thanks for asking!
I partner with a health and wellness company that's grown each of its 10 years, Isagenix.
:
Tweet Le Peep: It's always a greatday when you dine at Le Peep.
Try the Great Mountain Burger for Saturday lunch.
Yumm!
The Nectar of Life
call me ive been tryin to call u bk
If he doesn't knock him out we ALL know who the judges are picking lol
I think I'm going to go buy myself a iPod shuffle today and get my podcast on during my runs.
Now, what color should I pick...?
oh also everyone im so sorry if we dont reply to your direct messages!
it's just that we have so many we're replying to as many as we can,
what is impetus for additional restrictions on gov data that doesn't apply to other?
these from open gov rather than open data?
Probably 5K or thereabouts
lol im right here just dont be on here anymore.
text me i need ur  again.
i tried guessing but ut was the wrong number lol
where's all the linemen pics....how do I run without protection....or catch balls,,wow I'm a ex running back,slot
Gianna its my birthday:
You got it, keep up the good tweets!
gym brunch  cocktails  thrifting  beers  BBQ  bed
if you'd like some help helping him, let us know!
We're here to help.
Greetings.
We are so glad you have connected with us.
Looking forward to more!
Linda :o
i wonder what the  is for just shoving them up their bums?
; lol ;
Menino testing kids' reading comprehension between books.
An idea that is not dangerous is unworthy of being called an idea at all.
Oscar Wilde.
not saying you have to lol wouldn't you like if I brought you a sandwich
am I going to get any vulture carries out of Tolbert this week?
You're so caustic lately :D
thanks for the RT!
What i would do to get in you guys cirlce.
Peace and blessing to your success in the game.
Made a quick trip to Globe to grab some type/cuts for MICA's Open House tomorrow.
came along to shoot some pics of the shop.
I'll take that bet.
If not, it's a miss after that performance
Oh my god.
Why am i so sore?
Needs somebody to go eat with me
Happy Birthday to one of my favorite musicians, :
If you want to submit music and videos please contact
I love how all of the top tweeters for gositinacorner are parody accounts.
Now that's a gositinacorner RT
I think it was the so bad it's good factor that helped me Kindle survive.
Also, I read Ana's narrative voice as ironic...
and middle aged people want more power over sex!
Agreed!
RT : Polish less, publish more.
Expose you ideas to the world  see if they fail or flourish.
Quit chasing perfect.
My jaw is still on the floor.
RT Jesse?!
Wth is Christina smoking?
Does anyone else get the Have you seen what this person is saying about you spam message from random people?
It's so annoying.
Mixtape and iPhone app to launch April 4th
...
Not a great name history on Chagrin Falls but tragicallyhip describe in song: where even the unknown don't go...
Never been so glad to go home, today sucked.
Congratulations to UTSA alumni Bruce Bowen on his Spurs Jersey Retirement!
Go Runners!
GO SPURS GO!
It's like catching lightning the chances of finding someone like you.
It's one in a million the chances of feeling the way we do.
is a fun and quick fashion show!!!
Just adjourned the Chamber's Legislative and Small Business Committee.
Thank you for having a great discussion with us!
Robert Lloyd, LA Times  ...its nothing youd want your president to say, or even to think.
...best to leave comedy to the professorssionals.
Watching people get murdered while studying for vocab..normal right??
a 360 spend.
Is coming soon 4 me.
just made my twitta bitch merry christmas btw :D
Ron Paul is doctorpping out.
Holding back the tears.
:
Nice to meet you, Julie!
That was bananas...
we ended up at a mexican restaurant instead 
Happy Boxing Day!
Twitter web designers should seek for pixellevel perfection.
Pixel shakes when switching between tweets in my IE8, a browser not that bad..
Can I be the 400th person you followed?
Please;
Off to forage for cheap eats at Pancho Villa supermarket.
Vamanos!
merpp, nap time.
Being on tumblr makes me exhausted, ha
going on a following spree..
follow me , i follow you?
3
Tressel did that too.
I remember linemen previously saying Orlando pace called them to talk Ohio State and how great it was
We just getting started!
Happy 100th Birthday !
The 1st Oreo biscuit was sold in Hoboken, NJ in 1912.
Celebrate w their limited edition birthday cake flavor!
Hey, the next time you talk about me behind me back make sure it's not to my friends because they will tell me.
fucking bitch.
P whats up
Free Julian Assange!
What he's doing wiht WikiLeaks is a great public service.
He needs support, not jailing.
It's Friday!
Let's celebrate!
Coffee clink
that's good to know
Does this mean the game will be blacked out on center ice now?
Because your channel is too expensive by itself on every provider.
we just took notes and then watched a movie!
Good morning!
If it goes to education, I'm a virgin
you are sweet!
no word on that move lolenjoying chances to fill in, though!
This annoying lady is on my side on the plane her arms and legs won't stop moving
I was dyslexic and though you said breathable underwear.....
lol
Are the brewers still playing?
I never remember them playing in october before...
with and having a blast!:
Lol!
Jason, you are so silly.
Thanks for the love : 
Yep!
Give me details on my personal acct.:
R.i.P 58DUSTO
I can deal with rhat
FOLLOW ME BACK: 28
I need a paleo refresher...I found myself breaded chicken and dark chocolate raisins :
Try Tonight's doctornk Special : The F'N Eh!!
Woodchuck doctorft cider w/ Stoli Raz  Peach Schnapps.
That's what I'm talking aboot!!
Enter me in the sexyhair giveaway!!
What happened?!?
Going to listen to what doctor Tom Cech has to say about doctornking from a Fire Hose: The New Challenges of Biomedical Data
Today is internationally known as Fuck It Friday pardon my french, but this is america
we're looking into it.
Need ya email bro!
Got some classics for Ahsan
Ugh .
I hate being single on Valentine's day  my friends have boyfriends  girlfriends
hi revo lovers
You will take 13 minutes to recover after a set before moving on to the next set
miss shannon always brightens peoples spirits!!!!
;
AESAOne welcomes All Ethiopians to our Annual Soccer Tournament in WASHINGTON,DC July 1st July 7th,2012!
Followback!
Happy new year!
These middle relievers are horrid.
Could really use a LaTroy Hawkins or Takashi Saito.
Due to technical difficulties, I can't upload this song.
:
gonna eat my strawberry lipgloss then; :P
thanks you for the tour support!
Go check out ale8one..its life changing
sflogicninja is a beast
Need a reason to celebrate?
Tonight only, mentioned this message and get TLV's Perfect Punch for 4 for  price.
GayLand LOVES ME!
I LEARNED A NEW TRICK!
YAY!
Poised Creation has met many great folks in Buffalo!
We would like to thank you for your support!
What'd I miss?
never mind
at like the person sat there and recorded the whole shit !
Nick Jonas stole my pants...
Go for it  I think it would be awesome :
Say what you mean, mean what you say, without saying it mean.
I like the braces hehe your adorable 3
Two private events today !
Will see everybody on route this evening .
Chicken/egg loop engaged.
I was taught that I had to 'master' subjects.
But who can 'master' beauty, or peace, or joy?
Kathleen Norris
LIKE on Facebook 2 enter/register 2 WIN 2 3oz RAW Heat  Ice RollOns  a Backnobber II deep muscle self care massage tool
i have the worst sun burn from the beach today i guess that's one neg thing about doctorving with the top down  forgot sunscreen FML
This is awful!
Get it together C'S
Damn!!
yall got 17 tapes?
how many people are involved?
Thinking of something like redis or couchdb
5ThingsICantStand the first and last slice of bread in the loaf, its ugly.
Putting together a plan to build a new website for A  A Safe, Lock  Door.
They need a platform that properly structures page URL's.
The is a fucking joke and their referees are horrible.
If I had to choose between loving you and breathing, I would use my last breath to say I love you:
yes yes yes yes...
We'll see u back in Detroit.
also the main character from GTA3 doesn't say a word
YES U KNOW I HAD FLU SHOT LAST THURSDAY I GOT SICK BY SATURDAY HAPPENS EVERY YEAR
I just realized that today is 11/1/11.
Now I have to listen to dad's mouth the whole way to school...
Why won't Newt Gringrich go away?!
He's the guy  the party who stays too late, keeps going into your fridge for more beer.
Looks more like Simon Says
Just realized something very disturbing listening to my get hype mix b4 Zumba class, I own not 1, but all of the Black Eyed Peas albums.
Great opportunity with a great company.
Searching for a Software Test Engineer ll CRM.
Job Description: The primary focus of the...
We are about to hit at Northside Tavern...place is filling up.
Get over here!
nah, seem wellbalanced.
Forgot to stop for gas last night and there are no gas stations within 5 miles of Windermere.
On 0 miles to empty and stuck in traffic!
hahah oh yeah..: lol...AND april!
Keep a mental file of recent accomplishments, new clients, big projects.
Networking tip from ,
I can see .
Im so in love with ur pic3 i know ill have a blast its abovebeyond 3
I will get so frustrated that I can't figure something out, and then remember that I work in a library.
A library full of howto books.
Tiger Woods is not a role model for young athletes.
He should pay lots of his winnings to his kids and wife...and he can't apologize enough.
marathon training continues.
8 miles run today at 7:15 pace.
Yoohoo !
Indoor because it's still a mess outside.
I hate indoor.
congrats bro
Picking up my new 2012 car tomorrow Can't wait!!!!!
Thanks for the wonderful mention today!
when is everyone goin to memaws?
Decked out in hat  shirt, ear warmers and Snuggie.
I'm ready for Wrigley!
Moving sucks but being forced to sort through my stuff is great!
It's like spring cleaning!
Love getting rid of shit I don't use/need..
Happy Birthday!
I've always liked Spacey, but he didn't deserve the Oscar for American Beauty over Denzel's Hurricane.
No way.
Thank ya for the RT love!
:
i hate to turn up out of the blue uninvited
Even though ion know I just liked your name and it put it in my bio
Hi Tamistern!
Great coverage.
Just wanted you to know that in Maryland it's Ocean City and not Ocean Beach.
Hang in there!
THURSDAY 2 All Bottles, 3 Call doctornks, 3 Shots and 5 Bombs!
Showing all NCAA games all day long!
Sorry for the late reply, but thank you again for featuring me!
I hope I helped in some way.
: Please give Logan a DC DD superhigh five w/sprinkles on top for us!
super sweet!
Four more pages!
Met at the signing, Cool Dude, million dollar smile: , Luv it!!!
Playoffs Babe!!!!
HAHA!
Good point.
Ive done so much in my lifetime, but I haven't done shit!
Hey all!
Craft night for bannedbookweek projects tonight..We're making book safe's!
I want one in the shape of a
My 2.5 Y/O now expects candy every time he goes in potty!
Wife opened up a can of worms.
Going so often you'd think he's on a cleansing
what you on today
I'm so annoyed.
I've been crazy for a nap all day.
There are somedays where I wish college was postponed for a day.
I sure do!
Smash needs me I just wrote the ending to Bombshell and it's good!
Lol
There are far more failed groups than sustainable/successful ones.
Why?
and What might we do to change it?
Brian Butler hcil brownbag
u talk to anthony about touring  shit...
he sent me the convo he had with dude what u think about it?
Great beach day!
like what
From a radio perspective, I love reviewing Sigur Ros cuz it's almost always awesome  it's all FCC friendly
In honor of Columbus Day, Island Real Estate wants to knowwhen did YOU discover Anna Maria Island?
Glad you enjoyed it!
The webinar should be posted within 24 hours.
sometimes we call them the doctoram smashers RT : as;dkfja;df how i feel when a program i've been working on gets killed by legal
OMG!!!
i love u love ur music listening to Disturbia and Man Down
Hate it when im sick on one of the best weekends.
Agreed.
I was putting my relationships to use just today.
RT : Hey how did your new G15 doctorver perform today on the couse?
A: long.
ur welcome
Why do I look forward to Mondays?
This is my weekend: Work.
Homework.
Babysitting.
Homework.
Bed?
Work again.
Homework again.
Fun?
I understand.
I just thought I'd check.
Did you know am a x power ranger the kicked me out cuz I got to much power
They will still take the east
Yes lmaoo RT : Ppl trip on R.
Kelly but forget Wanya from Boyz II Men was banging out Brandi when she was young
Right back at ya.
Lol everyday RT : When's National Workout Day?
Looking forward to hearing our friends Steve Hawk and Nuns on Fire tonight.
It's going to be a great show tonight!
Alyssa Milano is running tonight...
I'm pretty sure thet plan on letting Tony Danza take over tomorrow, then Judith Light on Saturday
OF COURSE I GET MY IPHONE AND IT CAN'T BE ACTIVATED.
hello ;p
check it out
missed you xo
RT : Get free doctornks and food at Madison restaurants with code words from www.phreeps.com
ur a lame...scary ass
If I'm ever a professorssor, I will be that jerk that demands that you follow MLA formatting for every assignment, and I will not regret it.
Never seen Planet of the Apes until just now..
that's a good ass movie!!!
: Off to a London Alopecia Support Group meeting.
It's my first one so I'm a bit nervous.
Enjoy it gorgeous!
Tonights menu  turkey lasagna and green beans.
You already know lol
if a movie is only good in 3D, it's not a good movie.
Last I checked, probably only 5 of us have 3D TVs at home.
Welcome to
restinpeace Chris Z
Excited for my final to be over today so I can perfect and submit my mentorship app!
Yay for role models and
.
The issue seems to be about how much you want to model at a single glance
Okay I'm done trying to get on Diablo 37.
Not even angry though, FFXI trained me to expect this.
but if none of them shaking your doing nothing at all
I once worked with a guy who versioned his classes like that.
I threw up in my mouth a bit.
2 days until I move, 4 workdays until my vacation/visit from my mom, 8 days until the NSS golf tourney/Son's open house
Man, someone got clobbered by the Whiskey Ship last night.

need help Y is cust service so bad no matter how logical I'm trying to be?
Thanks for the mention!
My Brain  4 Names  1 Phone numbers  5 School knowledge  90 Music.
nice meeting you!
Thanks for taking the time to talk with me.
Hey Selenators!
: Go follow my friend for a follow back from me :
Because is a lazy punk.
Don't worry.
She'll be there.
I see Breal is already there.
Ability will never catch up with the demand for it.
Malcolm Forbes
Haje, congrats in your book launch!
US Dept of States Muskie Grad Fellowship Program is currently seeking host universities for grad programs  apply today!
I just watched you kick over that sailboat picture.
Fucking classic.
Sorry to hear about your bad sleep issue last night.
Hope all is going well with DogEatDog shooting!
can't WAIT to see it
I dont need no money too make me happy.
i cant wait to get off work, so fuckin bored!
and if one more customer get smart imma go off!
The poster is amazing, as usual.
OMFG MY HUSBAND IS SEXY AS FUCK
hope you enjoy it :
84 degree in Newburgh and 83 in Evansville .
Dew points in the mid to upper 60's.
Not hot outside, just tad a bit humid.
You are welcome Mike!
RT : Sustainability strategy is actually code for better systems thinking and management  Better business
Mary McCarthy We all live in suspense from day to day In other words you are the hero of your own story.
I just saw thiss!!!
I Love You too ....
even though this morning was a lil rough teehee
We actually have 30 days.
Steven jackson running back is here.
Enjoying the toptional SOLD OUT weekend.
Let's get it!
Congrats, Pete!
That's FANTASTIC :
we all need somebody to lean on :
littleknownfact: the Gas Hike Trio actually tours the midwest singing and dancing when not busy purposefully raising gas prices
yeah man...
Donald brown...
Who knew.
This page has been hacked I need all my followers to follow my new page now!!
I bet she gives a killer hand job.
RT I'm totally asking Penelope Cruz to the prom.
Few are those who see with their own eyes and feel with their own hearts.
Albert Einstein
yeah..I know
Shopping at the mall is getting pretty difficult!
Lines are longer and longer!
gotta love the McGurgles!
HOLY CANOODLE, I'm in awe.
just heard on the radio that a guy sold his kidney for a iPad 3 and an iPhone reallyy?
Question to the dancers: when did you start dancing?
MINDS: professor have trouble performing remediation on struggling students.
thanks for coming!
merry christmas!
I would not trade these past two nights for anything with and Barrett.
better than Final Destination 2 and Next Friday combined.
lol true but my mom is a little bit more patient I guess.We used to do this  she would ignore us forever before she yelled lol
Day 4 RareFlow video shoot...final day!
7 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five.
Go Jollymen !!
bahahah that;s hilarious
goodbye then.
Im being so nice today
that was flawless!
Your choreography is always so good and different from anything I've ever seen.
Love watching you guys!
30 years ago the NBA finals were over by May 11.
Today we're still in the First Round!!
Month of Miracles starts soon!
Stop by Publix, Costco, WalMart  Sam's Club in May to purchase a miracle balloon to support
just finished it, wow it was so amazingly good.
BKV is such an outstanding writer.
lmao well thanks Nat.
I learn from the best
thanks for the RT!
More maps to come next week.
:In many ways Los Angeles thrives precisely because it is decentralized, offering the exhilaration of crossing bordersin
Didja go for Premium, so you can stream to mobile?
Open: We Need to Talk About Kevin, In Darkness, Miss Representation, Cont: The Artist, Jeff Who Lives at Home, A Separation,Being Flynn
resources for military families give kids, parents tools to help develop a shared understanding of challenges says doctorCozza
I'm a big advocate for handwriting analysis in business.
Has anyone used this method?
Farmers Market 103.
I15 Rancho.
Farmers, Honey, Bread, Hummus, Pastry, Oils, Vietnamese BBQ, , Crafts, Music.
do you not like doing music anymore??
I love Who I Am and all your songs!
Will you ever comeback?
: Now was 9years ago :
let me know who goes home!
that's awesome!
TY, also.
Go Cards!
Bullying Needs To Stop!!
beer?!?
tequila Tuesday no?
done over here around midnight then not sure.
Maybe going out for a doctornk or two.
You?
60 bar instrumental break is shorthand for this should never have even been considered as a karaoke song.
Holy shit.
Go to Deadspin and read everything about .
It is nutty.
Pulling together a coaching event and hh for women in dc.
Hoping to find a cool place to host.
Anyone have ideas?
how much more longer I can't wait much more?!?!?!
for sure!
i haven't posted to many lately, this should get me back into picture taking mode
lol very true miss.
Im also obsessed with buffalo chicken wraps, buffalo chicken wings, ruffles buffalo potato chips, etc.
MALIK HEY okay so your sis follows me, you should too!
Enjoy your Saturday to the fullest!
Just made sweet potato porridge, with spicy tofu and three different types of kimchi!
at last game of season and hoping Wild can manage a 3rd period comeback after going down 41
Gets very hot and kinky ;
are you kidding??
NO!!!!!
20ThingsAboutMe I love doctorving :
Dessert at lunch
and he developed a 3!
How did people make it through boring meetings before smart phones?
But only the elite can masturbate to it!
Last night class with killian was awesome.
Can't wait for to get home!:
It's so the aliens can find your house.
hahaha...
this has been fun to watch.
:
I'm done with westminster.
They always screw the Weimaraner.
I plan on getting my work done earlier and going to bed earlier.
Much healthier that way for me
what color is your suit?
I pray we don't match.
Its funny how i miss her.
!!!!!
Gn fb
Florida is gassed I thought they were trying to wear us out?
haha
.
China is going to buy the tarsands oil if we don't, and they will burn it much less cleanly than we would.
SAY IT WITH YA CHEST!
LIL ASS NIGGA!
good the grind has been missing you!
i stole that from someone ;
Think about it...if Nature has built perpetual motion machines e.g...the solar system, Why is it not possible?
Yes it is possible.
ATTN Fashion Designers / Retail Store owners!
We r looking 4 clothing for a fashion event in July!
Please MSG us ASAP w/ your deets!

Follow a Libra.
You will end up somewhere interesting.
Just heard one of the neighbor kids say you're not the boss of me!
to his sibling.
I remember saying that ahah!
BOY MEETS GIRL!
BOY MEETS WORLD!
I feel like Edward Scissorhands so much power in my palms and I don't understand!
:
My life is a mess right now: iloveyou!
game this weekend?
Or next week possibly?
Please tell me how the fuck can a teenager look suspicious with a bag of skittles and a tea?
Howdy!
I'm seeking a mid level SOUND DESIGNER for my world class studio on the East Coast.
Ping me if interested 
Almost no need for expensive website these days SmallBizWeek use blog instead.
Same!
I'm dying to watch The Healer!
: It looks so good!
dude, heard you on the !
Funny stuff!
Really hoping to get to the this weekend!
Never let the glitz and glamour of being a rapper full, takes a lot of hard work.
I've put in 3 years of it.
After bar party u down
Never be afraid to trust an unknown future to a known God.
ICanHonestlySay that is my all time favorite.
boyband ever!!!
what????
food is great!
so do you like wait and just eat after you play?
gotta have energy!!!
We own the night
Looking forward to cleaning, art making, and setting up my N64 after coffee with boy.
only rich people with no kids !
Just kidding go for it !
she want a shot caller 
i thought lunch ?
I just bought 10 worth and made myself a cocktail.
Thanks for dinner y'all, I had fun.
My mind is preparing for a 3pm conference call.
Ahem!
:P /cc
looking at vintage doctorsses online, did most women really have 24 waists back in the 50s?
As for the best leaders, the people do not notice their existence
Just because you apologized dont mean Im gonna let you back into my life.Some people you just need to forgive, forget about and leave alone.
that's exactly why they stay faithful...because they treat them like shit...sad but true...smh
SOMEONE HELP ME FRIENDS WITH A PHONE COME OVER HELP I NEED A PHONE NOT A doctorLL
Working on new iPad.
Need suggestions for best video, Gmail,  Google apps applications
Haters r tryin everythin to bring you down we r here ur true fans supportin u..GOOD MUSIC FOREVER..
doctored Fruit Compote with Ginger Syrup Recipe from Bon Appétit
oh hahah me too!
:
Definitely need some classic hiphop to jumpstart today's creative brainstorming.
What inspires you?
Why am i never full after my lunch?
Done and DOne
GWADT  I actually liked books 2 and 3 just as much as book 1.
I love when that happens, and the entire serious ends up to be AMAZING!
It's so annoying when the pictures of me from the show come out looking really crappy.
Nice!
I've seen him twice!
His shows are great!!!
and of course since we dont subscribe to any societal norms, a belated Happy Passover to those of you to whom it applies love anthony
Native Americans used to name their childoctor.
After the first thing they saw after leaving their teepees.
True??
That sounds awesome!
You should definitely do it!
Even if I don't live in London ;
Thanks for passing around our blog post.
Bring on the verbs!
it's my birthday today can I please get a happy birthday?
If that is true, we r REALLY in trouble!
like the music
I consider eavesdoctorpping on the boys sitting behind us research for my novel.
This Thursday night we will be having the big debut of our new video for What's Really Happening.
just figured out what alot of my guys friends dont like about a girl...
when a girl is WAAY too skinny.
hmm who knew?
lol
maybe the next video we do should be a zombie music video...
way to be loyal to your team...
and by your team i mean avon!
telling them good job first...
pssh...
hahah
How lame my phones about to die 
breakingbad is the best acted show on television at the moment.
thanks!
consider me a follower.
;
Good morning Miami!
Off to the grind!
Make it your best day ever!
Spending is out of control.
No, what is out of control is capitalism.
The GOP had no problem with spending before Obama.
naw I cu bra yo videos better den mine
Excellent advice, too bad the people who doctorw paychecks from the public don't always follows it, especially in legislation.
all the best to you,Jen and family.
Extra prayers sent:
just tired of explaining beans and rice.
Should Nov.
prove prosperous, I'll give again at hemorrage levels.
RT : City Planning is the first dept to provoke the ENTIRE council to fiercely challenge the mayor's cuts.
: On Christmas Eve the family gets together for a big, long meal.
Then we play games until midnight.
At 12:01, we exchange ...
I need: sex, doctorgs  rock 'n roll.
Not necessarily in that order...
Bad, mood today.
VERY bitter.
:'
I'm done with people.
Especially when McLouth strikes out RT These are the saddest of possible words, Now batting for Casey McGehee...Nate McLouth.
AE's Fugitive Chronicles is a wrap.
Chase scenes, explosions, local crew hired  and it all went swimmingly!
Working sixteen hours should I doctornk
Tell someone who cares.
We're perplexed, says Grier.
Barnett Stadium will remain closed this weekend.
lol, I think she likes you.
Should of backhanded her.
ha
Nope, will be heading there soon though, after azuhar.
Wazzup?
The Express bus has a diff funding source than the trolley, more buses  capacity.
Typical clueless Giants fan!
yes please!
NyQuil is the Long Island Iced Tea of overthecounter meds, with a competitive hangover.
Never again!
mine too.
It adds a little something extra to the tweet!
The coolest happy hour in town!
Today Come, meet people alike and share
Nothing makes a long night working in the library go faster then Oscar winners Denzel and Russell doing their thing in American Gangster.
...
Well, when I see you pop up on my timeline, you're not the only thing that pops up.
Dats all I'm gonna say...
ahh yeahh just finish my project ....doctorwing so easy
What a jampacked day of gr8 content!
Now we are participating in symposium to beat childhood cancer.
aren't you married???!
thanks for following ;
My girlfriend's daughter just got booted from Barnes and Noble for moving all the Bibles to the fiction section.
Marketing 101 is my religion.
Obama is the spokesman for the corporations.
there is no usa or china etc..there is only bechtel,IBM,Sony etc.
Ivy what's good??
Merry Christmas!
misterBoemler was walking around and saw two girls online shopping on their phone that was not us at all..
lol me to instead of tweeting bout rocs hair
hehe i can't wait!: and i fer sure will take lots of pics 3
I try not to let it bother me, but it really does
Bioengineering is less risky, in the grand scheme of things, than geoengineering.
Truebut a low bar!
Oracle forges Xeon E5 racks and blades  Register
Who's ready for Texas Longhorn football?
On a mission your worst enemy is idol time...
I like you better!
Work brings success :.
poor dude.
I hope you get it sorted out soon or at least figure out what to do next.
Hugs.
and killed it tonight!!!
Best show I've seen all year!
we want to be cool and get tons of followers.
I say back knee was down no TD
Hawaii News Now  KGMB and KHNLBack for Mo?
Yankees' closer Rivera lost for 2012  Hawaii News Now
Make a Wish nd the Universe will align to make it come true...
What's your biggest challenge as an actor?
what it do bones
We're making all the same mistakes 
These pants are so tight.
Atleast they make my ass look god :
What we now know, butterflies are terrifying.
Thanx for the follow.
Alaska is beautiful.
I want to see Siberia some day.
Last great nothern wilderness.
FOLLOW ME BAILEY IM A BIG RNGEEZIE ND I VOTE FOR U GUYS EVERYNIGHT 3
you are awesome!
Hi Randy!
How's the training going today?
Spa week in ATL.
Massage at the mansion was truly divine.
Thanks, Amanda the masseuse.
You're doing just what you should be w your life
syked for this final today
Do any of your locations carry Arctic Ease Cryotherapy wraps/pads?
thankyou so much!!!
:
After years of people telling me I'd love it, I'm finally sitting down to watch Big Fish with Em Spenc in Park City.
Here goes nothin..
Great way to celebrate Opening Day Eve !!
What are we enjoying tonight?
If you're curious is now in session, follow them for updates  full links now.
I'm like the wolf woman, my bad side comes out at night.
I have enjoyed my time in Charleston SC...I wish I was into genealogy back when I lived here years ago...this place is rich in history..
Richard  Linda Thompson  Wall Of Death  05:11 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Strop walked the leadoff hitter he faced and let him score last inning
is there a good blog or site based in Chicago with marketing, events, and fashion internship openings posted?
I would die if u said happy birthday to mee!!
:
Great ride last night and it was fun talking.
Thanks to you and for your support to Carmel and
We really needed this prior to a huge fullclass group project last summer.
So useful!
Amazes me that people who have the ability to get it done simply don't and those who want to get it done never get a chance.
RETWEET IF U SOMETIMES WRITE REETWET INSTEAD OF RETWEET...I DO THT A LOT:P
I'm living Mofo life
Wow im so tired lol
At the baby doc with  We just heard our baby's heartbeat!!
So cool!
Nice!
RT : Orphan Film Symposium 2012 recipients of the Helen Hill Award: Jo Dery  Jeanne Liotta.
WorstGift got served divorce papers
She likes Rush, the 3 Stooges, and beer?
Hold on to her tightly!
I look forward to taking on the path with you.
WE WATCHED THE PHANTOM OF THE OPERA IN SECOND BLOCK!!!!!!!!!!!
Spotify executive: We are continuously investing in mobile!
I've never been to Cali
Reno is the Austin, TX of Nevada
Recalling my days at ROCs WVOR 100 in the early 90s It seemed like every request in 92 was for Whitneys I Will Always Love You
Hahah aww!
okay, bring whatever snack youd like!
Special thanks to for following us on Twitter.
We're honored sir.
Been a fan of since '89 minorexaggeration BUT since the standup show  saw him 4 my bday years ago..
: Everyone Follow , he's the coolest, handsomest, smartest person I've ever met!!!!!!!
No the Lamy roller ball.
Felling great about the choices I made, just sad that people were hurt in the process..
lifesucks sometimes :
I dunno but iys got somethin to do wit my kindle they suck
Speaker silver says governor and his admin have inherited this crisis.
thanks for the link!
just beautiful.
Birds of a feather tonight!
Long Beach, CA for the evening ..
Yeah I wanna dance with somebody, with somebody who's not dead.
Sunday, Sunday, Sunday please don't turn into Monday.
what is muscle max's tweet name?
Even if Sarah Palin is sincere in her condolences her violent rhetoric cancels it out.
can't wait for lizard lick to come back on in June so I can be living that lick life :
Maybe checking in at Disneyland has lost its luster?
Hitting the gym..
Today was on 4 radio stations and taught a college class I earned my money and my 2 upcoming vacations.
Do your homework: check a non professorts 990s to see how they're funding themselves
YouKnowLifeIsGreatWhen...
150 years ago you find out that your own worst enemy was shot by his own troops.
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY!!!!
Woohoo :
The less you read about homeopathy, the more you understand it.
GoTribe The AllStar ballot is out?
Looks like it is time to blindly vote for every Indian I can
how tough was that class this morning ?
I could only watch...had 2 hours in already and that class looked difficult!!!!
I think it is scheduled to arrive today.
i just realized i think my mom is gonna love Avengers!
I need some People to text right now!
Lol hmu if you wanna text dm or something
I just found out something that is making me really upset.
I don't know if I can do much more work today :/
the way the grinch says loathe entirely 
Download the WNA/AP Convention app
RT : Hey Colts fans, I know today is a sad day for you...
But just remind yourselves that at least you're not Vikings fans.
she is adorable!
Thanks Mark.
Rinsing your fingers under water for 2 seconds does not count as washing your hands
in JULY
Inbound links are a vote of trust/online recommendations via
.....at this second, there is a teenage boy somewhere out there, just for her, slumped low at his desk, tapping his foot,....
Devouring Scandinavian mysteries lately...can't get enough of em, it seems
Waco , Maryland and then Europe going to be a busy month
good call
Today is National Banana Cream Pie Day
Bro you rocked the show!
Kudos!
Here's teh potential pbounce on ABOT!
Could have found suport at .01 and could rally back another 20 again off of it!
And that's all she wrote folks...
End of one stage and Monday starts another!
Weekend first to enjoy...
making my way downtown, walking fast.
I have 1 more question lolol if I follow u from my personal account, can I tweet u the pic from that account instead???:
I did, thank you!
Saw one son, Skyped the other.
I'm a lucky gal.
I know she has MILLIONS of ppl tweeting her all the day ..
oh weel she will follow me some day : ILLNEVERSTOPBELIEVING !!
cold, cold mountain deluge now.
is charmed.
the Korean BBQ tacos, the pork buns, and the Creme Brûlée Cart.
Have fun!
cc:
I pledge allegiance to
Looking forward to going to Frederick tomorrow, but not getting up at 5:30!
Break a leg, y'all!
to the cast and crew of ACT 1's THE MEMORANDUM, which we understand is opening tonight.
Have a great run!
It39;s Not Just for Boys: Girls Are Into Math and Science Too
Must be watching Blood and BoneRT : Next time to get the notion to fuck with me..........
DON'T
Welcome new members  Happy BDay 2 all..
oh, and i thank you for having great grammar : haha
yes, I'm ok.
Yes, bad, not good.
I'm sore for sure.
And car is completely totaled.
But I walked away so...
Tomorrow, will be selling Homecoming tickets in the CONFERENCE ROOM across the main office.
Listen to the PA for updates
Thanks : It got better, but wow!
What a strange day.
No new listings today, sorry.
After catching up with ILF and ISL I spent time working on my master lists.
Will have new listings tomorrow!
JustRememberThat I wake up and go to sleep with you on my mind.
Good or bad.
Happy Mother's Day!!!
Raw was OK, I thought last weeks TNA impact was better.
WWE is just disappointment after disappointment

I think the cute bear tips the scales.
Aliens still come across as a teenage thing and not geared twds the 6 year olds..
What's Frenchie cryin about?
He got the CALL!
STFU, Parker.
yes!
Or ?
First Cinco de mayo downtownmiami festival:
I'm glad to say the Society of Early Americanists is now on Twitter: , thanks to 
Support T  w  i  tt  i  tt only takes 3 keys google takes 4 keys
Check out this year's logo!
Looking forward to celebrating our 25th anniversary with YOU!
Hello, friend!
Thanks for the shout out last FF!
Sorry I missed it but I'll remember you this coming FF!
Hope you are well!
he is an Aussie with an accent I do believe
will do :
I will be watching and good luck.
I can't see her as anyone other than Janet From Another Planet, LOL!!
Just checked out your website and very interested to learn more!
happy thanksgiving to you too
People still coming in,about 50 at fan gear, was supposed to start 10 mins ago
Family Style Meat Lasagna is almost as good as 's Lasagna, but her's still rains supreme.
Rainy days make me sleepy.
Thank God for Scott Walker!
ACO Paulette agrees to notify Sandy Wyatt of adoptable animals at Nottoway Animal Shelter.
Lunching in Beverly Hills with Kerri Newell today of www.CantDateWithoutIt.com  check her out!!
haha I'm not talking about you mackenzie!
Who am I kidding, I like her too much.
yeah!
didn't you get my email on Tuesday?
:
...AND YOU CAN BRING THE FAMILY!
we will be having a special area just for the kids to enjoy.
tickets coming soon!
Please play Ebony and Ivory his duet with Paul McCartney
Bromance alert  RT : we're always watching the same shit lol
We are not meaningless.
Done recording Hopes and doctorams the single!!!
About to put it up!
RT this and spread the word!!
Theres a monkey jumping up  down, so wheres the pickles  condoms ??
Idk but juice soaks evenly across the turtles neck!
OHSAA Division II football playoffs: Tallmadge defense holds off New Philadelphia  Plain Dealer OHSAA Division II football playoffs: Tal
At the hawks game with watching dominate.
who are we talking about?!
I secretly think its me?!?
plus, it's a wonderful reason to show up late for mla...
so happy you got it :
My nigga don't lie!
You're just lime green jello and you won't admit it.
That would be my second guess, first is the direct payroll company.
Always gotta know where the money is coming from.
lol
well fine!!!
: aw i miss u too: and yeah thats sounds nice:
My father gave me the greatest gift anyone could give another person, he believed in me.
welcome to the wonderful world of Twitter!!
Thanks all you guys are the best.
I'm really getting tired of this Len guy!
DWTS Get your vote on now!!!!
Lol
Great advice!
: A webform is a conversation, not an interrogation.
So it should be ordered logically forms
Meeting in the History Department to formalize my quals committee, followed by lunch with the McNair Scholars.
Held it in as long as I could, but can all the dudes who rolled eyes at me n october when I told em Kansas would b n th Final plz speak up!?
Yeah!
We always liked writer.ly better!
Listening to a cd I made in 2010.
I listened to techno mostly.
I'm stuck in a postapocalyptic rut at the moment.
I often browse goodoctorads.com to get inspiration.
I am the deciding factor 3
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 72
That's not true.
RT Portland's defense is always terrible.
is so musically creative!!
TheVoice!
Ugh tough choice, but as long as one the guys wins I'll be happy!
Girl bend dat Dere for me.
lmfao hugs!!!!
It's okay I'll be back soon!!!
I'll be your strength
FINE!
adj/verb
Happy Birthday!!!
how is your eye sight?
I thought I was gonna end up blind when poked my eyeball
I was just asking the same thing.
I'm waiting for him to do a napoleon dance with it.
oh it is Head Game Amazing Lmfao
Impressed by the fresh design of Grid Lens, a beautiful new camera app by Cute flourishes everywhere.
Thank god for Burts bees
i wanna see is d9 worth seeing?
It's time to crash some DC partays hehehe
Melissa thanks for the RT.
Chris brown!!
Lmao
thank you 
Can't get over how awesome GaGa bow turned out!
A wise choice.
Although wait...you've started cowriting YA books, haven't you?
Game.
Still.
On.
thank you for your joy and humor.
lol I was literally listening to torn right as u started tweeting about it!
coincidence?
Congrats to  for graduating college today!
Love you both!
Mooresville...where a car crash is the topic of the whole schools day
QUESTION: Which do you prefer; A lot of money or a lot of friends?
Conducting a pole.
Please comment your answer.
Thx a bunch!
:
Sounds good!
Looking forward to it.
Actually, I can be the same way too.
I'd never take his love for granted again.
Ppl stupid
Have been thinking a lot lately about community  sense of belonging.
Complicated for expats.
Where do you feel you belong?
happy valentine's day!
will you be my valentine?
3
: Instead of 'LOL', Why don't you try LOLWKASF?
Laughing Out Loud While Keeping A Straight Face
i want to know how long you make it through that movie
if Ron is a retroplayer I might be a retropublicist, did you catch him on Conan?
LOL
oh damn i see :/ there should be a prom in college lol so ppl could make up for it haha.
Yeah i had to make up 74 hours :'
Oh lord, calm down gayboys.
This is a restaurant not a walkway.
Been at work since 6am and can't believe how much work can accumulate in one day.
i can't even do this right.
Maybe I should just full on SMcide.
A rare diagreement says Ishagawa is starting at first if Gamel is down for a length of time.
I say its Corey Hart evenutally..
Who's playing the Cowboys on Thanksgiving?
USSportspages.com
Ending my night by hearing your voice 
Someone help me cure my crabby
I haven't actually clammed since moving to the west coast.
No explanation.
I used to in Rhode Island.
Thank you : For some reason, a bunch of my tweets are missing, so wasn't sure if you saw it is that common with Twitter?
are u going to do a concert in maryland or DC
Anyone in Chicago want to ride to Key West?
Love me some Randi Rhodes!
Always telling it like it is!
I meet him on Saturday may 12 , and you will meet him someday !
:
Thanks for sharing the video!
yeah, was kinda a weird way to compare it.
Just a huge win for West Ham, Hammers are back
sparklyrebel98 would greatly appreciate a hello : she thinks your adorable
Tis great news !
Yes..
: will you be in Indy this weekend you know you're always welcome.
Ah  the folks that R tough 2 shop 4 R no fun arnd Xmas.
U search  search 4 that perfect gift.
Plan early is the solution eh?
I seriously want to know if there are any big rapture festivities being put on by churches  I'd be there in a heart beat!
I have nothing to wear tomorrow.
Time for mondaybumday!
Huge roar from the crowd as storms onto the field!
Can I watch The Hangover before bed?
its not Luke its gets cold down there haha
Great review....looking forward to hearing it.....
here's a poem for the letterpress: letters little ants working in a row.
Tweeting while riding my bike.
what a hazard
Yikes!
That is scary ...
Be safe!
I just died.
Thank you to Tracy Dempsey for her blissful treats and wonderful presentation!
I'm for it!
Bomb Libyan airfields to save Libyan people.
Ya know, it really stinks someone already has a twitter in my name.
I had to freakin add an extra letter to my name to get me a Twitter...
Is your company hiring in ROC?
We can help fill open positions w/ high qualified candidates.
Participate in our Career Fair on 5/16!
me too!
I want the Ford fiesta.
:D
I done gave you the sign, you just wouldn't read it now you feelin' like Keyshia Cole and You Should've Cheated
Just returned from Everest and Annapurna base camps.
Finished article for another mag on Annapurna.
Everest next.
Interested?
Ed served several years as senior practice leader in Arthur Young's Southwest Strategic Management Consulting Practice.
The Brewers are like the CW right now.
They love doctorma.
Works for me!
: who dey?!
Could there b any less energy in st louis?
Lol it's miserable there!
Everyone seems to think British people are posh were not posh?
Are we?
Got home safe  sound.
Everyone doctorving home from BASHH be safe.
It's a bit damp ish out there.
;o
Thank you!
Have a great day!
Hope you guys are well.
DC in May for AIA2012?
Thanks for following b4 we asked : Hope all is great on the West coast!
Yay!
maybe we'll be a little better.
:p
and tonight will be 9!!:
You have no idea how much I like you, how much you make me smile, how much I love talking to you, or how much I wish you were mine.
Why does every bone in my body hurt?!
We have some great video from a viewer of conditions at local pet stores that were raided yesterday with animals confiscated...
on News8
I loved Water Joe in college, I was always hyper and hydoctorted :
that's the same thing all the guys on Maury say!
Lol
seems unsanitary.
Slash like you could just buy a mold for that.
oh okay, text me!
Woke up this morning feeling highly favored and truly blessed.
Being a child of God and part of teamtallgirls can do that to you.
:
If u can't support yourself then u need to quit doing the shit.
I tried blood meal but then had to battle an possum from my porch.
I'll try the pepper spray.
LATE.
This is definitely a CP
LAX RNO Squaw Valley
I feel bars around the domed building are probably crazy busy tonight.
Wish I could check them out.
No disrespect to Fish, but the Lakers are a COMPLETELY different team with Ramon Sessions, 150 SCORING RUN IN LAST 4 MINUTES GO LAKERS!!!!!
Hi!
50.000 Belgium is equal to 50,000 USA.
Some countries use period instead of comma.
Just fyi :
who is the song a million bucks abouut?!:
hey it was just a thought.
My forearms look awesome right now anyway, so quit your hating lol
Thank you for the headsup!
can't wait til u perform on so random
RT : Snarkiness promotes creativity?
Duh.
The incongruent info inherent in sarcasm appears 2 stimulate complex thinking...
RIP Maurice Sendak
what's bro I'm good man, what's with you?
she's ridiculous!
It has nothing to do with Christine it's all about her.
Pathetic
Go UMass!
There are few things in the world better than beating Temple!
One step closer to going dancing!
Why can't I see my timeline?!?
I still love my , but had her moment this year.
I am waiting for the day they make a song together!
:
Low today?
28.
High?
63.
Really Atlanta?
Hope I get hired some were and stay away from fools.
Harold Melvin  The Blue Notes  Where Are All My Friends  08:16 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Couldn't watch BGC reunion last night but u did tape it TIME TO CATCH UP RIGHT NOW.
THIS BETTER BE GOOD LOL
absolutely agree w/ your statement!
Both parties full of corruption.
Almost too much 2 overcome.
Looking carefully Libertarian party
RT : I don't really understand Google yet, but if it helps kill Facebook then I 100 support it.
fb  Invite greatly desired :
I'm at Electric Daisy Carnival watching Tiesto!
Another successful Advocacy Day has ended.
Thanks to everyone who came to DC to make their voices heard on Capitol Hill!
Bahahaha this is awesome!
That video is hilarious...
Lmfaoooooo went in on THIRSTY follow me and I'll be sure to follow you back!
Party people San Diego!
DJ All Night
RT When I had no temple I made/ My voice my temple.
I have/ No priest, my tongue is my choir.
Robert Pinsky
It's already here!
Lets get the word out and wake up the world!
I was looking at a different position, but that looks awesome too!
love the lem reference
Getting excited
Nah, after all, they only have to pay me at a mid level librarian salary.
The end is my favorite.
Such a crescendo.
:
my mommy loved the flowers i got her :3
: Thank you all so much for the Award!!
I am truly honored.
Why are people so obsessed with getting as many followers as possible on Twitter/Instagram?!
Looks like Jef Fisher will be rams next coach
some directionaters were on fox news that are going to the tampa concert so im gonna punch them.
The awkward moment when you walk into the bathroom and see urinals O.o
volleyball tryouts two days : yes!.
you're my future abs idiot
Are you embarrassed???
You should be, you're on Embarrassed Tactics
Thanks Sy, that was dope!
Will Larry Merchant interview Mayweather tonight?
Seriously...RT: Daylight savings time you owe me an hour of sleep
thanks for doing it!!!
I love you HUGS!!!!
RT : 3 tickets left for Opening Day!
90ea  you can join our Tailgating Party!
Contact for details!
My moms cooking and that shit smells banging !!!!!
Tired as hell.
English...not tonight.
I'm just going to go ahead and unlike Free People.
I can't stand their products.
Trying to find some awesome hikes in Banff...headed there in less than two months.
David Swanson talks about his new book When the World Outlawed War on Wednesday evening, Nov.
16th, at 7 PM.
Is every cabbie required to play NPR?
whoa!
very cool.
just remember it's a labor of love :
Maybe it's hypocritical to say this as someone who works on a computer all day, but it scares me how attached folks are to their electronics
You're invited to 'Paella
TateRousey Hurry up
: freshmen fball player for Pitt ok I see u murph....can I get an autograph?
G Ton you know i got you!
:o zayn cheated.
On me ;
I need more followers
Yeah for sure gonna go home and take a long ass nap
beardown the Barbarian!
Excuse me if your gonna talk to my cousin , you have to get through me first :
I'm trying to go in unspoiled!
Yet expecting best true comic book movie experience yet!
I think it's almost time for a trip to San francisco.
Anyone have ample room on their couch?
Can we make getting remarried unconstitutional?
It's unbiblical too.
It is how you show up at the showdown that counts.
Homer Norton
Why?
Did she ask for it back?
He just knows Golden State is his last chance for a job....
if you wanted to fix this..
youd be sitting here with me right now.
Oh, It's National Margarita Day?
Looks like Lent won't be so bad after all.
;
LOVE it!
RT : Per Geraldo, I also think men in NYC should avoid wearing suits lest they be mistaken for Wall St crooks
follow me please, i love you, :
Currently listening to: AT RISK TEEN  Smash and Grab on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
hey Doug, did you have the opportunity to meet with Aj?
sounds like y'all are having a 'BLAST' :D rich
Wasr10 or sw mp15?
I just don't know which to get
How helpful of them to point that out.
Jeezum.
that's one guy we have been talking about in the media room, personally I think that would be a great hire
Usher is that guy bruh !
I'm in Boston today doing a training program for attorneys!
Thanks for having me!
Maybe he deserves the world D'Maree !!
I Lovee That Boy :
I have a bunch of 3.5in floppies.
I hope I got anything I needed off them because....
yeah.
I have a zip doctorve!!
nice one
oh yeah, Happy Birthday mybadgiiiirlll :
Feeling so sick today...
A trip to Urgent Care may be in my future...
Haha my dog loves showers because he starts running all over the house like crazy after a shower lol
Wordpress 3.2 released and ready for update.
Its faster, lighter and has a revamped admin area.
Make sure you take a moment to update.
Please ask us about the Kerastase treatment that seals in the color!
I sense a little sarcasm in your tweet?
I will try not to burn day 1 just for you sungod baby oil
Thanks Fred!
Have a terrific rest of the day!
RT :
You gonna add the new stuff when I post it?
;...
3
Cheesesteak foodtruck in Venice called 'South Philly Experience'
may I have a follow back please?
i know my room is a mess but I've had no time to clean it.
I'm stressed enough, I don't need spiders and ants crawling in it.
What exactly is the point of twitter?
:D
Morning Mindbender Answer: 52 of women can't go a day without sending a 'risque text' message.
Enjoying Shark Week on the discovery channel.
Y O U
Ludacris  Big Sean
was here.
waiting for gabby's slow ass to come the fuck on!!!!!!!
dont like that the government can make you buy HC and if you don't you get fined for it
LIVEmusic SHOW BOSTON BENEFIT 4 the American Heart Association !
!
!
would you rather be run over feet first by a steamisterller of go feet first in a wood chipper.
You're such a doll.
Let's make this Christmas thing work!
Beef Wellington here I come!
just had a killer sandwich at this place called Subway.
It was super cheap, like 5 or some OUTRAGEOUS deal
Thank you for helping to spread the word about the ReStore
Have a lovely morning and a fantastic day!
SchoolMemories I was in fourth grade and some kid was bullying my sister so I chased him down on the play ground and beat his ass.
you don't know you're beautiful!
she said the money in there 400
should have that talk all bagged up.
Sorry I meant a free online webinar
ahaha.
I only use 3 of the holes.
Are you not allowed to get more or you just don't want them?
sorry, who are you?
/
: I don't know what happened to you in that hospital.
It took you 3 years to figure out his birthdate.
you insane why trade wade
I keep gettinf really odd cravings
MarchMadness !!!
How far do you think your team will go this year?
I use Andoctorid TweetDeck with text size 24!
It's always a joy waking up next to the one you love :
That's how it is, and that's how it goes.
Ding ding ding!
Less intimidating on a plate.
Top of the food chain FTW.
congratulations to on his unofficial acceptance to the mcnally smith college of music following his audition today.
this weekend, I didn't do anything!
I didn't go anywhere.
but oomf made it perfect by bringing me food  talking on the phone w/ me.
Thanks!
I totally will!
LIAM'S OOH, OOH IN 'I GOTTA FEELING'.
I CAN'T EVEN.
Is City trash service delayed a day this week?
Please oh Please let Maria be safe!
Please!
Oct is off to a fast start!
Need costumes.
Daughter wants to be a candycorn witch or Marie Antoinette.
Son, undecided.
Suggestions anyone?
THE WINNER IS!
wins the 200 toward a P.L.A.Y.
bed from !
Wheeeee!
bored bored bored today almost done!
I wanna be on broadway.
I swear every time we go somewhere there is always something lol
I wanna go to Germany
Learning about VMWare...
Meet and Great with TimSullivan!!
Come on down to 12VoltTavern at 1PM!
That's what PAXeast will do!
RT : There are way too many really hot geeky girls at the Pru
:D 2mar starts a new day n on dat note goodnite
What did the helpless man say to the person that wanted to help him?
He said THE ONLY WAY YOU CAN HELP ME IS TO HELP YOURSELF
I feel ya tweet I been hurtn all day;myself..Whts up babygirl whn we doin it Gwop style im ready im ready im readayyy...Miss ya :
Text: zesmo to 368266 to see an example of a mobile coupon; then call us to see how we help your business monetize your marketing efforts.
john  michael ?
Automatic correction stinks.
then again those Mysons are hydoctornic  that happened to work for me in my
New location
I am so stressed.
Gawd, it's gonna get better soon right?
I need to find a way to not let little things get to me ...
how do you leave the house with such a huge head?
Peace to Acquire your ultimate goals may work best because violence will begat more death!
The establishment wants you mad as hell 4 its NWO
November 7th marks the return of DC's premier Hip Hop producer event ...
The Beat Down at U Street Music Hall.
Having fun at the store today come on down and meet mister.
beasley!
is playing bass in his third band today holding down the low end with Lara Johnston.
What a man.
When I was young, I started planning it out...
Dad got sentenced, so I was the man of the house..
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of payments.
me too vacation:D I'm good.thanks!
I'd say pushing it around on the plate.
hot chocolate before leaving my house : going to Mexicali, Can't wait!
: so excited :
Probably not xD.
An sure :
you fanny!
haha go back to bed!
Where are you btw?
Where RT U should come to this 70s party at the strand on Saturday!
: What to do with an empty house...??
practice your strike three call haha!
Elaborate If You Will....
O
There is no such thing as good painting about nothing.
I thought Mormons believe in multiple WIVES!Romney is a lying, myopic, cold, greedy, robot!
I don't have a problem with the child's age.
It's the way mother and child are focused outward rather than on each other.
It feels wrong.
Spirit Airlines just started coming to MN and now they're gonna start charging 100 for a carryon bag.
WTF.
Movie with my love 
Leaving fuds.
Painfully.
This place is magical and all should experience it!
If you follow me it would definitely be the best day ever 3
The best DCdesign will be showcased tonight at for the AIGA50 reception.
One of the biggest AIGA DCevents to be at!
ok cool ill be there then
Derek,I'm thrilled you liked it!
After all the great brews, I'm glad I could lend a hand!
Anyone hittin up the courts?
it goes well...
In the nude.
Would love to see these teams combine for 300 points.
Have you tried omega3/vit D Squeezes before?
It's a local company and they're d'lish!
awe, im headed down to the OC for a bonfire on the beach tonight.
It's the ones you got the most history with who will turn their back on you first.
First day of my job  success!
Filner says to turn page in SD, we have to break special interest stranglehold.
It's going to be a beautiful meatlessmonday at our capHill store!
1/2 off all nonmeat burgers when you buy a side or soda!
relative major: an uncle in the Marine Corps.
relative minor: a girlfriend.
i'm so tired
Wish I was there with you!
RT Beautiful day at Riviera w/
i vew you as my wonderful big sister LOVE YOU .
Happy Birthday!!
Have a great day!!!
it'll wear off 1 day...
but no wife or kids at home, so I better do it now!
Lovin the fact that Brandon Gibson is torching up camp
Hailey Annie's resting again.
Going home tomorrow!!!
Hitting the gym to get my mind off of things.
...no clue.
Was asking for a culinary inclined friend with too few Twitter followers.
You're Welcome!
Whats your alltime favorite sports movie?
Thanks so much for sharing today!
Hope your week is off to a lovely start!
Cool studios n Games!!
this a radio show or podcast show?
wrote a stronglyworded electronic mail.
and that should take care of that.
Random rapper arrested?
I don't care who he is, or what he did, free him.
The Ghetto Community
We've oil heat  it's crazy expensive.
I live in an OLD 3 story house though.
Depends on size of place, how well insulated, etc.
Friday Special: Free doctornk with any Box Lunch or Salad order!
She can get mad or say what she wanna say but she can't say I didn't keep it real...
U asked n I gave u a real answer
cool i got u ...
i got this cuzzo
whatyoufindinladieshandbags what don't you find in a ladies handbag?
I'm on stupid following limit :
With consistency, a great soul has simply nothing to do.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
I can't believe its the season final.
OMG.
u freaking doctornk!?!?!?
And why wasn't I invited!
Lol
hot new anniversary menu.
65 for six courses with pairings.
Casting Director Katja Blichfield from NBC 30 ROCK next Tuesday!
Limited seating!!
: so important to coordinate your earrings with your mic!
So true!
So true.
some things just make me go
Strauch: Probation is not appropriate because of what the defendant chose to do that day  the pain she caused this family.
How much for the DLC?
I have yet to play that game and I'd probably enjoy it.
Would buy if 25
shhhh i haven't watched yet
Screw summer.
Can it be Halloween?
I thought of the best costume.
It was good post and I couldn't agree more with what you wrote.
:
: 1: I'd rather be paid in Continental Air Miles than Citi stock.
can I be your date please??
I'll even let you wear jorts!
imagine Austin:i cant help smile when you look at me,The look in your eyes makes me crazy!!333 anna
I'm a fan of the fact that you just used correct quotation even though it was awkward with the exclamation point.
K bye.
:
next shoot is April 29th .....
You saw the facebook message.
I'll update u with details soon if you wanna participate :
It's not widespread but look for patchy dense fog this AM especially in river valley and rural areas
Playing football and basketball next week!
I'm look forward to it:
don't lose who you are.
I should join you but I'm having too much fun in denial!
no u better do dat
Looks like I'm headed back to Taos, NM this summer .
.
.
I want the tower burger!.
Rough night, hoping for a better today.
Thanks!
I've kinda stretched it to two weeks.
:
hm, that's a tough question...
I throw a stacc at that bitch ass, let her pay her rent with it...
Indians lead 112 over the White Sox in the 8th inning at Progressive Field
How come I'm seeing nfl officials who don't seem to know the difference between encroachment and a neural zone infraction?
It was impossible to resist.
Surprised by the stillness!
I didnt mean right now though, I meant from earlier today, I have them all recorded, I put everything on youtube earlier too
We are officially in that thang!
Follow us now!
Voting for our iPad contest ends at 8 PM tonight CST.
We will be announcing the winner shortly thereafter here on Facebook.
Doritos I never saw anything either.
Good ad!
So looking forward to girls night out tonight with by besties
Get ready for launch on Monday!
Watching The Beauty of Politics rerun on w guest
Will there be a list of companies attending broken by industry for the career fair?
Watched people catching salmon on the beach at sunset.
I used to fish a lot but now I'm happy to watch others deal with the slimy creatures.
Gah math class at 8 am gets worse every day!
I'm sure you're resting now, but when you get this message please send a huge electronic hug my way...
Men .
.
all men .
.
.
and ironically Black Men in particular .
.
..are as dense to sexism as majority culture is to racism .
.
.UGH!
watching the polaroids dvd.
Forgot about the hollywood hair in 'round of blues' lol!
Shawn cleans up good!
Tracing flames for a guitar strap.
Hot flames, cool strap!
Have an ass kickin' birthday today Brenna!
I couldn't get time yesterday fam..hit me up today if u going back
The government could never let me work for the CIA.
I would tweet about random espionage and write memoirs about killing the enemy lol
oh whatever.
50 Cent Wings All Night!!!!
2.50 Coors light Pints ALL NIGHT!!!!
Come Watch All the Games  Take advantage of Joe's Sunday Stimulus plan!
: That is a good tip...in screencasts use I language, not you edcampdet
straight up
Did you REALLY just ask if I have a car!?
I have 9 of them!!
Haha....
I just spent the last hour on tumblr.
productive ?
I think so!
do you not know that mister VanDuillaume himself, is on twitter??
aww.
Take care and feel better soon
Just finished White House tour.
Now eating at Ella's Pizza, the best in DC!
I feel like someone should do a sexual physics rewrite of sexual healing now
I don't want you to EVER get over it.
I love this post!
I've native ancestors who were slaughtered in order to take their land.
lmbo I wasn't trying to be funny
Anyone know if Terrelle Pryor active for today's game?
I wonder if he's gonna get any snaps at WR just to welcome him to the Raiders roster.
Panthers selected Luke Kuechly from Boston College with the No.9 pick in the
yessir.
Everything straight on your end?
I'm not playing the piano, I am doctoraming.
I just love that.
So today was pretty fun
Remember we'll be closed Thursday  Friday to celebrate Thanksgiving day.
And check the BIG discount for Cyber Mondaysee previous post.
It's somewhat like Google...the world at your fingertips, but with a personal twist.
Babysitting a four month old is tough work!
Thank goodness I'm not a baby momma
Anthony Starr Sport is imposing order on what was chaos.
Great meeting you and thanks for the follow 
my nigga boosie beat that charge
that's sweet of you.
Always thoughtful.
I'm around...
Still at 6143480760 :
but it was just me
I'm good no complaints RT god good!
How are yooouu?!
:
NOW STREAMING JOHN MAYERS NEW ALBUM IN FULL 
: : I hope they cut out all the rape in Billy Elliot.
that's BullyElliot mister 
please shut michael cole up tonight.
Im sick of his whining.
He gives me a headache
I'm at the Fork.
Cant stay too long because people sometimes arrive at the office by 6:30pm.
RIP Junior Seau  Forever a Charger Legend and Oceanside Icon.
Worried about what the future holds financially.
This recession sucks!.
Hoping for some solid at this week.
I agree w/ Hank.
OHMYGOD!!
Congrats girl!!!
I'm doctorading class tomorrow.
11am today we're back w/ WINNING cupcakewars cupcakes  other favorites too!
Watch us on again tonight at 8pm!
Why my mom is making cheeseburgers instead of tacos tonight is beyond me.
ICantStandPeople who act ignorant  no señor, no linda
I'm also pessimistic.
I think the D is getting old, especially the Dline.
Broncos exposed us.
Mani/Pedi  Great start to a Sunday.
trying your roasted squash seeds recipe tonight!
Going to a just a little out of the way makes such a difference in the stuff you can find!
If you're going to play with the big kids, you'd better fucking act like one.
She make me beg for it then she give it up 3
Blog41 Dell and Palm handhelds break new ground from opposite palm handhelds
ok, I trust your opinions and thanks for telling me :
Its going DOWN THIS SUNDAY  SUBT 2011 w North Ave /for artist that wants to perform send stage name an contact to
Too tired to bask in our success.
I'm a get my march on at BmoreMayDay 5pm at McKeldin Sq.
I'm a big fan of Honda CRV's digital sponsorship of 's Title IX celebration.
Great brand fit
I wanna go home and sleep on my bed
Watching sponge bob square pants with my nephew mehkai :
Teachers have been really moody lately.
hopefully your basketball team can win without the referees help against UNT.
Go green!
Goodmorning to you
hahah okay!
That will be the funniest thing ever!!!
I've decided to surprise the band mates by hanging wall to wall mirrors in our rehearsal room.
Unnerving?
Very.
Let's see what happens.
I Aint Never Lead Yu On, It Was Always Da Other Way Around
and here comes THE sax solo.
Nailin' it.
Very impressed by Chargers quick and direct response to my earlier tweet!
That's some solid engagement  how good PR is done my friends!
Need to contact Newark Pride Alliance?
Email us at info at newarkpridealliance dot org
Food shopping.
Blah :/
Grinding in the studio with
Anyone in Indianapolis into Morph Suits or want to Morph?
Looking forward to getting back to work this AM with and on
I feel like the newer fans go on and on about carrots, spoons, and leprechauns etc.
while the older fans are like, That is so old
Loving my Andoctorid right now.
The mobile hotspot/tethering is letting me finally get our wedding photos uploaded so I can share them!
MONSTERS INC.
Bridesmaids wasn't bad at all, pretty funny actually...poor cop.
wouldn't you like to know...
Can't reveal all my secrets!
Someone call me pale one more time and I'll block you from my life FOREVER AND WON'T REGRET IT EVER.
Thanks for the shout out!
For the first time ever, I don't miss you at all...
I'm not sure what the proper protocol is for telling someone their breath is horrible.
Try Microsoft OneNote.
It's really intuitive for organizing ideas, and easily editable.i love it!
I saw your tweet before you deleted it, but thank you x
4 fouls in one play
Yup RT : Hey guys open house party at 2500 Apollo doctorve.
Come one come call.
Free everything just say you know
4th row across 4th row down
Rehearsal time!
Gotta get it right for this audition
Chillen !
I have danced with every girl I've seen!
So much fun
can't wait for this season !!
Looking forward to seeing all the special effects and character makeup :
I'm workin all day Saturday now.
How lame !
I better het off early too !
screwcody lol
you big cat you big pussy we got big doe we sell big cushy o
thanks for that RT on Monday!
You are welcome.
Please follow me.
Thanks
Should be a fun weekend 
how do u know if ur meeting him???
haha i know i shud.
I want to watch it again.
this time il buy whistles, trumpets and create some hungama.
i know hes such a girl...LOL
I feel like this will be a good year.
Thanks 4 the suggestion!
I've been meaning to addoctorss neurofeedback for ADHD 4 awhile, but haven't gotten around to it yet!
Thank you for the support!
Great talking with you today...
I am looking forward to working with your team!
Hey , you should follow who is speaking today at the Chicago Let's get him to come thru Bmore!
what dud u think about solo new joint ??
I want u to sing to me like that :
at kumas corner.
so stoked for the burger
Outdoor fire warning issued for wide region
Laura Sequenzia from Golf World magazine discusses getting young golfers interested from an early age
Boys weekend in San Francisco  I've got The Rock on my iPad all ready to watch.
Just felt the Earthquake out here in LA, nothing serious.
Shoot last night w/ for
WadaDuchscherer?
The news from Showalter did not sound good.
what's wrong, boo?
DM if necessary
Someone please bring me a spinach  feta wrap.
Right now.
Cant believe u havent busted out the pic w/that kid latched to IceT's wife gameon?
Chicken livers at the Pulloman in Kirkwood.
Trust me.
Off to a movie date with my team
I'm widdit fam!
I'll talk to Peez and we will jet out there at the same time!Lets get it!!
AH.
your lover;
great ideas.
I can't wait to create a behavior chart on google docs.
Just bought Starbucks for 2
I can fix that.
Come to SUBWAY for lunch!
RT : hungry
But I thought WordArt made things good?!
tell miki to turn her tv down already
A hour away..
are you going to be at the Grog Shop tonight?
I want to punch some bros in a mosh pit with you.
The new nikenfluniforms look HORRIBLE.
HORRIBLE.
has the pics.
Reading a LOT of my school textbook and taking notes.
My brain is fried this morning...but I'm learning stuff.
That is good.
lol, yep...
My family and a bunch of fake b's that lie about lovin life are on fb
Jealous of my velvet pants?
We must become the change we want to see.
36.
Brewers 8 Mets 0  Greinke mastery / now 15 scoreless innings / our awkward staff ace.
That pass interference call was completely bogus.
Screwed I tell ya.
Lets book a photoshoot
Thank you.
Enjoy your afternoon.
Wow, thats a formidable scent!
And fuck you too english class :
I refuse to use BFF' because it is adolescent.
Also, I am single so I will be using BF for everything
Thegreatestteaseintheworld: the music of the ice cream truck.
Not a woman
doctorpal 101 sets the bar the class will be past the I suck bar by the time the class is over!
Hm...none of just at have yet!
RT : Who has tried our Buddy's garlic bread?
it was at St.
B!
it was so cold i felt like i was in antarctica!
Gun Safes: The real reason that a lot of people missed being jailed.
I have heard about some situations where kids had been left with guns.
good point...
not sure that we require the same extent of public trust as those professorssions, but maybe we're like teachers
but disease can't hold me back from jeremy linning tonight via rec basketball
haha get outta here!
Okayy where are all the cute guy followers at?!?!
;
Dear tummy, you are'nt starving...
you're just really bored.
What's up w/one account being newtwitter and the other not?
Plus, one account switched and then switched back ...
what's up w/that?
80 degrees in my office; the AC system has become sentient and isn't responding to the thermostat.
Glad I have a window to open.
any idea who this doozy new UB pro will be?
Seebok mentioned this on his blog
word of the day: stemmatology!
Sad I missed 's Libraries As Cultural Hubs artforum, but always nice to read the tweets after the event.
good to know you string :
Q2 contd...Lau ruling reflected belief that languagebased discrim.
is effectively a proxy 4 natl origin discrimin.
RT : A7: Let them have a part in creating the food!
Then they are invested in trying it out!
Haha!
Yes I bet he loves his mummy!!!!
Weirdly, too much :
the answer to that question is always 'yes'.
Just like 2 days ago me and my friend were just being girls taking pictures and this one guy started stalking us :o
mybiggestfearis being forgotten...
Yamx is modding for emotional intelligence.
Beyond facts and reality to enage thru actions and interactions.
Jim Gee
My dad, who has probably voted Republican 75 over his lifetime, said the same thing.
Mfs is crazy as hell
Blake needa Break.
Lawson tearing him up.
If i didn't have so much homework tonight, it'd feel like summer.
RT : Penguins' Arron Asham is suspended for 4 games  James Neal is suspended for 1 game.
Both will miss game 4 vs.
I disagree
Daily GTKY question presents the conclusion of guilty pleasure week.
What is your guilty pleasure?
Karaoke heaven and sxsw success.
where have you been all my life?
design for you mixtape?
We can hook you up.
www.stardesignsa.com
Partying with Walter Landor's ghost!
When your parents wake you up 10 minutes before your alarm is supposed to go off leavemealone 
What's your favorite thing to do when it snows?
MedPricer amp; DataPros Join Forces to Enhance Client Offerings
Amen.
RT : take a step back and remove yourself as a fan...and look at college athletics, it truly is a joke.
The NCAA is a farce.
add happy people after early
Yes  Deer with suicidal tendencies, do taste good.
This mom and daughter crying in a Verizon store is disgusting.
Happy Birthday to your mom , i bet shes proud of you , ashley and mikey , hope she has an amazing day 3 xox
Use the tools wisely: it doesn't need to replace what you do, but rather allow you to do what you do fully
I Love this tweet, thank you !
WaysToGetMeMad Where sunglasses indoors and/or at night.
Yes I don't have too many books for this term
That's how an NGUZU show should be!
RT  : In serbia , about to play on a boat w a stripper pole
Well then.
Cheers!
I quadoctorpled my rate of blinking today with hopes it'll burn calories.
WhenBlackFolksThrowAParty the whole block is in it.
My husband has been sick and in the horizontal position for 60 hours.
I hope he feels better soon.
Thumb thru that check
Betta not leave me no message cuz I never check my voicemail
: Damn it!!
Just text each other!!
yes chemistry :/ and I know , how lucky :
good recruiting day at Talked to two great candidates.
Scheduled a third.
Psyched.
Seventy percent of success in life is showing up....
Thanks for the plug, Ian.
Oh, that sounds good!
Let's smuggle some into the movies!
Thanks so much for your kind comments......I DO loe the ocean.
Have a nice week.
Patrick: I wumbo, u wumbo, he she we, wumbo.
Wumbology, the study of wumbo.
Its first grade spongebob!
Spongebob: patrick, im sorry i ...
Watching like every episode of home movies on youtube :D i miss this show!
let's not dog RVP Unless he goes: then its fair game:
his super power is clearly destruction of chips.
lol r u gonna like ignore him tomorrow?
and i see it on fb...looks bloody.
saw magazine sayin 'is Justin changin FOR Selena!?!?' I think tht he was changin BCUZ OF Selena...RETWEET or reply if u agree wid me.O.o
I'm a recovering book snob, but I'm getting better!
haha, romance over peanut shells, indeed!
Here's wishing the both of you a very happy VDay.
:
Ohh home!
I'm so tired.
I want to sleep!
But there's no time for sleeping :
Had fun.Let's watch some football this fall.
need a place to have a late lunch around Irvine/Newport Beach/Costa Mesa today..
I know it's last min.
Any suggestions?
Devin, it's a shameful existence when GOP says they're Patriotic,all they do is disrespect our Nation.
Good friends and talented people.
LOL...this is true...I'm late learning this though.
Watching Street Thief.
Yogurt with fruits :
Awesome news!
September means school is back in sesh in the US, could include some students.
Plus onsite visits chill out.
At Caps game with
Absolutely!
There's beginner instruction at the start, and QA adhoc tutorials after that.
Once a problem is defined or diagnosed, wise people focus on solutions!
I meant to say see.
See?
Autocorrect sucks
: i'm so angry right now..
Industry images submitted by Maude, Wayne and Julie  almost two weeks to publication on site
I made it, training advice??
Yeah, one of my homeboys from high school sent the song to me, funny ish lol...
Have you done any guitar practicing?
exactly, especially for sport performance!
Does nobody in Columbus work on Fridays?!
The traffic on 270 right now 
thanks for RT re: Mother's Day Soirée!
its a ODB kinda day
Always hated science projects!
:/
I should play the piano again...
Make a music video of the week request!!!
Request a music video or just request an artist/band/group
Thank you.
You both have helped me a lot.
hugs
:: 4,860 regular season MLB games played each season.
Only a few of them include something incredible.
Way to go, Weaver!
u know tho im about to do dat cook dance
This class
I think he just means reference when an extreme lens length is used...
I'll talk 90 about sound anyway and call it a day.
We Talk Bout Nothing More Than We Talk Bout Something !
Real Stupid
: do they still make crimping irons!?
We probably need to check EBay!
After tonight I bet we can find them!
Exactly what I need to hear tonight.
RT Never let haters, critics  cynics define you.
Woo chinese buffet .
Im so fuckin full
i dont want togo to school Tomorrow!
Great talk yesterday at dmspgh.
A lot to learn and be inspired by in there.
I hope you enjoyed your birthday in Pittsburgh!
Forget about yesterday, live for today, and hope for a better tomorrow!
Who's having fun at Trivia tonight?
can you tell me more about the legislation
Rachel!
Hi.
I will keep my eye open for more rooster stories.
Cockadoodadooo!
:

ME ALLDAY, BY MYSELF, 1 PHONE, LOGGED OFF, WENT 2 SLEEP WOKE BACK UP LOG BACK ON STILL ROASTN HOES.
AINT NOBODY HELP ME NIGGA'
bout to head to the school
Nothing like tripping on an afternoon stroll  breaking your flip flop to ground you.
Thank you for the flip flops and memories.
got ur message.
Will call u tomorrow.
Right?!?
I was so frustrated last time he totaled my car when I had 3 payments left.
have a party but dont have time to cook no prob picosos has great party packs look us up on yahoo at picososmexicanfood.com
We're at er45.
Full house, exciting event ahead.
Didn't Florida just win a title in indoor Track?
I take local courses in Delco with a guy name Owen Biddle.
He is a very experienced photography and has taught me a lot.
Always good to see my bro
ehm...you scratched my CD LOL but um its almost finished
thank you for following.
followingback!
Man, I love the typefaces in old movie title sequences.
Wonder if anyone has spliced together clips of cool ones and put them on YouTube?
leaving it for my mom, then Michael, then u!
:
I got carded last week  2 weeks shy of my 36th.
11:11 wish.
For you not To move.
/:
special BIG bottle for you.
Check your DM
hey follow back RT
Happy Birthday 3 :D
don't be, aint nothing to be scared of
yes Ellen will be sorely missed!
Such a sad day for us.
If you love me, then fuck you.
If you hate me, then fuck you.
Fast and easy for sending out links to info or keeping track of lots of people/info.
Use my blog to post longer stuff.
Yeah, it's gotten to the point of X is the new normal and I couldn't let that slide.
I think I'm done now too
thats ok.
if u follow me again then ill follow you
lol awe alright as long as yu be gentle hahahaha
Tim Burton Show
2012isAustinsYear you know how I know that because he is awsome and I don't ever have to doubt him 11
What a Crazy day but what an awesome day!!
congrats on getting your twitter handle back....you can update your professorle now.
:
Just watched a coach call time out for her bench players, doctorw up a press break and then no1 went to inbound the ball 5sec call smh
interviewtip DGE: see if your school has a job board where u can post ur resume.
This is a great source  1 that recruiters often check
is writing code to extract XML from the SASS journal db for an experiment in faceted navigation over 100 years of articles.
Please trend HustlersWantAnswers we need to know whats going on right now.
Red Velvet cupcakes are the shit 3
Join the movement.
LIFE.
Who has gym first block?
Had a great time at the Champions for Kids luncheon today!
Kudos to my friend for putting it all together!
RT : Hey love....
Hey gorgeous!
How are you?
Thanks everyone for the follow!
I hate seeing happy couples..
Wasn't feeling well for a lil while.
But I'm better now.
Dont worry Duffy I hear that even if she knew you she would act like she didn't.
No loss
Bout to doctorp this math class shit smh
you guys will be in Super Bowl 46 pic
third time is a charm
Christmas in Cincinnati would be a treat.
2 real estate closings in NYC next week will keep me nearby.
Travel plans for January?
Thanks for the retweet :
Yesterday I learned that when the rototiller breaks, you should not continue by hand.
Advil please...
Thank you!
We are blessed and honored to be recognized alongside so many fine organizations.
That awkward moment when seems more sincere than o0 likewhatthehey you must be tired zach :P JK JK
you did a great job on live with kelly the other day..
.
has slide showing funding boom and bust in IP social sciences research.
Boom 2002; MASSIVE doctorpoff c.
2008.
Can we get a reunion performance from the Losers?
Yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes
Crunch time!
EEk!
Thank ya, Frank!
Then I have these annoying people behind being loud!
I gotta damn HEADACHE !
Follow Me Goddamn
Being an adult sometimes means turning down a whirlwind trip to NYC to go to the Caps/Rangers game at MSG.
Boo.
Something new very soon in early 2012...
stay tuned all our fans
I'm proud of it...why don't u go buy urself a selfesteem?
Happy, happy bday.
Here's to a great year ahead for you :
Shotgun recruiters should probably have to face a shotgun from time to time, so they learn not to like it.
Wish I was goin to Vegas for the fight this weekend
im so smart!
:
i miss you come back to AVMS.
Bye DollFacce.
ILOVEYOU!
WhatIMissMost is you scratchin my head till I fall asleep...
That is so exciting Katelyn!
Congratulations!
Hipsters, hipsters everywhere...
Overheard: Hi Mercedes, I have a Mercedes.
It's a money hog, are you a money hog too?
Roger is and always will be my fave!
Inpires my soul.
RT : HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
ROGER CELEBRATES HIS 60TH MARCH 21, 2010
come back
Um, YES!
RT You guys, next year we must start a conference called Museums  the Cats.
I cant come in because I woke up and I was in Atlantis.
I have to walk back so it might take a while.
Cheesemilk's leap towards immortality.
Clifton Fadiman
I used cloth diapers for about half a day....
All you have to do is mention the word walk and Bella's running towards the door.
Roger Clemens on the UT sideline today.
Wonder if he's got a little, you know, pickmeup that he could give Malcolm Brown.
coming up 2nite!
Master's talk, Rockets on a road tear  talks abt Master's  if he beliefs Tiger has lost it.
2nite  8 pm
One day at a time.
Long day of practice quick break to watch 30 mins or Less then back to the grind folgersyoutheshit!
I cant wait until schools over so i can go outside 
I want a fruit cup Oo
hey mama...missing your baby??
Sweet!!!
.
my friend who works in wallstreet says his cell service was cut out early this evening.
Network capacity issues or intentional?
or should i roll the dice with Steve Smith?
hahahahahaha!!
a very important addition
We are open NOW with hot ham  cheese sandwiches.
Come on down  doctornk the shoveling pain away!
2nd  National streets are plowed
You and me both!
Ever have Piece of Cake made by Perry's?
John: You just got made fun of by the entire staff of Subway...
Wine TweetUp?
Count me in!
Just have to wait a few weeks til my work slows down  super busy right now!
doctorve past heaven in the form of a quintessential playground.
I've got questions.
Who's got answers?
best90squotes you got it dude 
That's ur Hoe that's my Hoe too
really wish when someone said i'll be right over to pick that up...
they didn't mean many hours later
36 point font in an email is unnecessary.
So there is this guy, :D
DYK that having a loud server room really does affect storage performance?
Turns out hard doctorves don't like loud noises while working.
i hope you get hit by a bus...
and then it backs over you again .
I am convinced that the fortunate individuals who achieve the most in life are invariably activated by ENTHUSIASM Norman Vincent Peale
A chicken in every Hot Pot
to do some swimming with the boys today in Cape Elizabeth...always a great time!
Spoiler alert Daniel bryan beats big show by DQ NowCanYouDigThat !
My sisters communion was today: I haven't been able to be on for a while and I've lost so many followers hahah :P
I never realized how good Big Sean is at rapping.
kim is goindoctorpping the full Ether track this week ...
Look out for that...
I just got back from an interview for my doctoram job.
Now I wait.
And wait.
IsItTooEarlyForBeer?
I'm glad you feel good about it.
It'll take me a few days to work my way through them.
my good fans.
they brought me to where i am now
Heading up the elevator to my first pviff event!
25 floors up.
you are welcome
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABE ;D HAVE A BEAUTIFUL DAY!!!
Get off your phone an do work
The NBA is dead to me!
GOD OF CARNAGE closes this Sunday!
I Love Jordan Benker Because he has great music.
Walking around and gettin it lol
I loved it!
I got it through and I am glad I did.
my uncle be doctornk ass fuck
Gotta bad bitch , she look caucasian ...
Happy birthday Tony Parker only 30 years old!
haha
you have heard of already, right?
hahahh that is so true hannah
They were playing in Chicago at the Riviera last night.
Saw them a lot while in college.
Love them!
here today..
Gone tomorrow..
Or Sunday
OK twitter world  I need a good book to read.
Suggestions?
yea just gotta bring my ipod in next time haha
We have ourselves a game!!!
Great pass, mister Brady
be safe bro
Not true MNPride MPLS If MN decided to secede  join Canada, I think most people in MN  the US would be cool with that
Easter hop!
No...
but if you're forced to watch it over and over again, you'll find it eventually grows on you.
;
I'm about take a few minutes to to recuperate.
I recommend Excedoctorn Migraine, even if it's a regular headache.
And a good massage for the crick.
Congrats on the win Let's finish the season strong!!
SECsoftball Tourney is almost here
New puppies have been added to the AFH website.
They are SO freakin' cute.
I GOTTA GET HER MAN SHE BADD
I hate when somebody asks me what's wrong and THEY ARE the problem.
Last night i had the most awkward moment of my life
gotta go cook meatloaf be back soon
So far, lots of talk about WHAT needs to change, not much on HOW...
I may pull a double with my girl today
I was just reading your bieberexperience and the whole time i keept saying lucky girl!.
good point, kids are great detectors of body language, again, gotta be authentic
what's good with my boy vert tell that boy I said what's good
Dude, great times as always!
Would love to help!
Thanks for the info, I'll share!
See you Wednesday.
So the dumb white Broad on WorldStarHipHop needs to just be slapped.
I feel sorry for her bc she looks like easy WHITE TRASH!
When the only person you want to talk to falls asleep

Night xo
Florida State AD on Big 12 rumors: 'We're committed to the ACC'  CBS Sports Found on Bing
jynnan tonnyx makes blurry, VHS pulp fiction better.
iPhone dying when you try to plug it in 
Breakfast for a Champion
But never say I can't sell Pat where we at right now 3 mill?
Who the best now?
Okay leave me out of it.
Tell me who the rest now?
Party scene I'm the black Charlie Sheen You fake people can't even be real for Halloween
when im done with millvale you can have it.
no one takes my number.
why weren't you at practice?
Beautiful earrings, and what a wonderful seller!
Definitely will buy from again  Laura from Hudson, Ohio
thanks lol :P
if you're younger than 18, you are a baby!
Lol yeah you could pass for a 19 year old :o
These are some of the most talented successful widely read novelists who are writing today.
David Hosp We agree!
Excited to be part of the team!
I love you .
Iduno abt that oneYa Mama jokes seem too Black, lol.
Richard Pryor maybe : Yo Mama jokes were invented by Shakespeare
As long as you don't leave your site as an orphan, all things will be well.
Stupid Internet!
F u
keep it coming and thanks for the follow
Live in the NOW, but PLAN for the future and REFLECT upon the past for inspiration and wisdom.
didn39;t know you were comin by, blame Hope to see u soon.
Why can't we juss get alone anymister
good job, Mike!
Our projection is that Buddy Dyer will be reelected Mayor of Orlando, avoiding a runoff.
I am in so much pain...
I'm also a dummy.
And I wish you were here with us!
Goin to universal tomorrow
I'm good lol
I'll do you one better.
I'll bring as many people as I can AND be your best friend :P
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.
Albert Einstein
DJing at Beech Street Parlor tonight!
9pm  1am.
Come on down!
If I tweet a whole bunch in one day, don't get concerned that I'm losing my mind.
I'm not into concern.
We still have some dates in January  February we are booking on the West Coast!
Tweet or email us!
We want to come to your town!
Ah a tay swift song
Pastor Cara did a fine sermon this morning lamenting gc2012.
Very personal and reflective.
That's cool.
:
workin!
let me know when your in the city and can catch up!
Anyone feel like doctornking tonight?
how nice!
thx so much!
the donations are not coming in as I need to support this cause I so deeply believe in.
Through following your family i've..
Off for a quick trip to Dallas SFO  DFW
Nah dip, is that YOUR cat?
3WordsOfAdvice pray every night
a tornado
Im guessing will be projected at DE
OMG.
Going.
We're happy to bring that joy to you!
How can we begin to get involved?!
Just came up with a method to weigh the value of using certain hashtags over others.
More coming soon...
Alright.
Hah nope.
But she might be the last week.
these are your salad days RT : Pretty sure the salad i just got has more calories than a bacon double cheeserburger
I'm obsessed with simsimi:
I can make an angry emotional liberal call me names in 5 tweets.
So typical.
I dont like Rush.
Ed should be fired.
Friends who give u vitamins care about u :
The best player on the court, Royce White, is looking like he ate a big piece of humble pie tonight.
come to oscars and i'll make you an old fashioned!
GETTIN READY FOR A homecoming tonite is going to be a GRAND nite
Sounds like you had a great visit this weekend!
the essence of modern technology is enframing.
Thank you!
Can't believe Ohio St.
Lost
Not so fun :/ but I do get free Chinese food today for helping out a teacher yesterday so that's pretty awesome :
Follow back :
I wanna sleep ;xx
Peace that passes all understanding.
An inexpressible and glorious joy...
The Bible don't play, guys.
What to expect in the year of the Rabbit Astrologers project quiet, positive and inspiring things to come.
Excellent time for arts.
is it gonna b on itunes??
good what about u
Piracy is not the enemy, obscurity is.
Tim OReilly
Making band posters to hang at Old Town School.
Bout to make sum moves
Going to the game tomorrow night !
It's Starbucks o'clock.
Hey.
I live in Seattle.
Don't judge!
You're 100 right  next friday I get off early I'm calling you  you can join us to if you like ;
I sit here starring at my phone wanting you to text me fighting the urge to text you first /3
Oh, HaPPY, HappY, HAppy DAY!
Dang, I'm PUMPED to play Bamboozle w/ and get some quality hang time with my brah Mission: Meet Dave Grohl COMMENCE!
Thanks for bringing your SubaruWorkPlayLove Tour to Stash Tea!
What a fun break from the workday for our employees!
Im new to twitter so thanks for following me!
JoelPett has every rt to do editorial cartoon.
Free speech.
Doesnt mean we have to like message.
Came off as bitter, dumb.
Who cares bout IU
I need a for sure yes or no for st pattys.
makingplans buyingstuff :
Moth plague!
Do you think helen keller can read lips?
.....
Shes blind david!!!!!
lmao!!!!
Happy to help!
Even were a cook to cook a fly, he would keep the breast for himself.
Polish Proverb
Not enough jobs in San Diego Where are these jobs??
My husband is desperately trying to find a job
RT : This Bucs defense is so bad, Sarah Palin is able to see all the open receivers from her house in Alaska.
Come out to ChickFilA at the Town Center today and a percentage of the sales will help benefit the UNF Society of Women Engineers.
No.
Just no.
Off work finally chill time gotta pop a bottle of wine and run a bath
yes can't believe my eyes.
Just stunned
YOU TAKE IT ON THE RUN BABY
i already told u
Just left an audition for 'Jockey' now time for lunch.
What a beautiful day in LA!!
If we're in each other's doctorams, we can play together all night
i see you, pandora just making changes...
lookin' good!
Do you smell that?
It smells like episode 2 is near...
Same here!
it is cold in NY...
Bring on that Miami Heat!
you're feeling better in time to crush some trivs tonight, yes?
Just did !!
So glad to have you make the little trip to the Tosa area!
Worth the doctorve?
such a clever and green idea!
Cheers
Can we start the Clippers Grizzlies game right now cause this Heat knicks game is a wrap
is my Bestest friend in the world!!!!
RT I just used Shazam to discover Goin' Crazy by Natalie.
take care
it's little thing like this that excite me in life.
The world will almost be perfect soon.
There always has been a black princess.
Her name is Gisela Peay and she's the VicePresident of Humble Me Clothing!!!
I have another idea!
Now sure how to privately share by tweet.
My mom is taking my dog to Indianapolis with us for a wedding because she can't leave her at home.
Kush is my cologne
UGGH I BETTER GET OFF FOLLOWING LIMIT SOON OR I WILL HIT TWEET LIMIT ALSO....
Alright na wtf is jerome doing
Fresh out if the box, lays a hit on the offensive zone.
game winning goal will be scored by Andoctorw Luck
It's Paris.
I just send out a email blase, twitter, facebook, resident advisor.
Fyi.
I am a longtime Gibson player.
This news gives more reason to stick with my 71 Les Paul.
You are better than that
Time to clean dishes badly after being out most of the day...eck!
Yes I'm ice moco chocolate.
I love my skin color cause I get to many complmnts
Do we really mean open to all?
Commerce?
Everyone?
Some say YES!
Some say Yes, but...we need more discussion.
I want Meryl Streep to live forever.
lmao...
I'm in GA.
I fight for my life all the time.
Holy shit, is doing 'Taking Pictures Of Girls Naked' as his final scene!!
That shit is going to be TO live!
I'm AMPED!
RT : Thank you friends for RTs, mentions
when people are so nosey  read what im writing on my phone from behind me.
mind your business  i know your reading this bitch.
OMG HI!
LMAO i was so shocked wen i saw ur tweet!
Hi, tweeps, any of you with direct experience of making or using iBooks?
Getting questions from a highlevel library patron.
Hahaha, should have followed them :p Glad you got to meet them though!
:'
where will chuu be at in texas snooki!
Thank you for the thoughts  prayers from
Why don't you follow me?
I'm starting to say Never.
omg me too he is the best thing that has happened in the music industry!
how are youu?:
MagForce AG hires Christian von Volkmann as Head of Finance
I love when geno runs up and jumps on my bed to cuddle puppylove 
Use your stainless steel water bottle at practices  games to save money, Americas energy resources  the environment with
Rangers with their 1st power play.
We can make our plans, but the Lord determines our steps.Proverbs 16:9
Going over philosophy notes for the final tomorrow and so much of it is on war tactics.
I feel like I'm preparing to join the army...
congrats again to you  cory!
Hey there, glad you're being proactive!
Not at the moment, but we're noting your interest.
What're your particular interests?
yeah duhh stephen
Am I the only person that thinks pinterest is pointless and takes no creativity at all?
Would be great to see you, Chris!
Nice.
I'll have to hit you up when I go back out there.
only a few of us are alumni.
We just make the kids step it up!
You seriously need to tweet more...
well I kinda wanted to walk to the cannery after school :o
He's playing WR too?
RT : Big KMo bulldozes his way into the end zone for a score!
77, 9 minutes remain in the first quarter.
My daughter just became an official tweeterYou are AWESOME kiddo!
:
I'm finding tea more restorative than coffee.
One cup of yunnan jig and I'm ready to work!
IfTwitterHadAPromIdTake Harry styles will you go with me : 33
I'm not saying go back to Old School..Im just saying make Good music..Not just beats with Words on Top
good girl re: running, pastries.
The deadline will wait.
Follow us for a cool new crowdfunding web app!
Coming soon...
thanks for playing virtual may day.
ring here is your basket of tulips
the mamba CAN push off the ankle!
This was my day yesterday...I 3 peanut butter  jelly, I 3 hamburgers, I 3 hummus, I 3 chocolate, wait for it...
I LOVE FOOD.
The end.
aww so adorable!
i love you austin!!!
your amazing im a proud mahomie!
I think he invites himself.
you can get a copy of our Sephardic cookbook at the OVS Gift Shop!
Eh, I can do better.
NCIS well at least I will get to see tonights show cuz I missed it the first time around.
now to wait 3 hours to see it.
It's not that I give up on everything I try, it's just I haven't found my true passion.
Although lately I think I finally found it.
Me and cuttin up.
Stay tuned for videos.
Keynote Remarks at U.S.China Relations Conference
We can't wait!
RT : Who is ready to play scvngr at heweb11?
Besides me
I quoted a tweet, sorry, but you always get a hug!
been busy at work, do I haven't been online much.
What Do You Know?
is so painfully unfunny, yet I can't stop listening.
RT : God doesn't always give us a blueprint for our lives, but he always gives us a next step.
Order sent to Ryan in Australia!
Of course Eddie Crawford would be bigger than Junkyard Dog.
He was bigger, blacker and badder.
Bad as in awful
tweetdeck is just another way to look at Twitter.
Looks interesting and provides a clean view
i hope my package comes tomorrow!
Yeah.
Just made the one post so far.
Need to break out the camera and take some pics.
I woke up because i worked a swing shift in las vegas.
I saw people running from the pentagon and my phone ringing.
I HATE CONDOMS
I keep my eye on the prize.
And by prize, i mean any hollow object in which to vomit.
Ok, we'll keep you in mind thanks!
:
William Giraldi's BUSY MONSTERS is dynamic.
If you really need a doc, do go.
I just made an appt myself, though I hate it.
you are i didnt know i try to come visit :
Incredible that many vis.
impaired/blind individuals have keen sense of spatial distance e.g., moving hand 4 inches to right.
Watching the
ya..that's the plan now...
how early r u guys going on?
Do u know yet?
Will there merch?
Now watch me you!
Can you mention the bigoted attacks on his religion by Charles M.
Blow and Joan Walsh?
I def want to check out Marie Louise.
U pick another.
Blowing this up.
: I don't know who invented high heels, but all women owe him a lot.
Marilyn Monroe
Follow us on Twitter:
Enjoying a day of rest after and before a hectic week...
SALUTE to my nigga
Oh my!
I'd just like some consistency!
It's totally making me unstable.
Ok well I just wanna make sure everything is alright between you to thats all.
it's our pleasure!
If adversity builds character, then I'm one freakin' overflowin' bucketload of character!
Somebody needed to tell her because obviously Bozo didn't know.....and you said that with class.
Forecast for Today: Cloudy in the morning.
Becoming partly cloudy.
Highs 63 to 68.
Light winds becoming west 15 mph...
Sounds DOPE!
I'll be there!
Reason to use socbiz : email can't be sustainable...
1 week off  outlook has crashed!
250 MB of new email in 1 week
UMC trauma on west charleston
Compiled Spotify playlist over the weeks.
Totally paying off as cleaning motivation music!
We can finally euthanize Christopher Plummer.
yesterday was a long day..
haha
You're looking good, man!
Enough with the men...lets get back to the women on the red carpet!
All that is gold does not glitter, Not all those who wander are lost.J.R.R.
Tolkien
LOVE that is tweeting excerpts from diary of OU's first female graduate !
Not yet...you have someone in mind?
RT : Did you fill the position yet?
YES!!!
I wouldn't mess with you like that.
dude, you don't even know how much I hate it.
So a standard pour is two chicken fingers of whiskey?
in Toronto and looking forward to working with the this week for our performance Thursday!
A super fun read, like going to Six Flags with Zooey Deschanel.
Kitty Glitter on FIFTY SHAMES OF EARL GREY.
Just got asked if I was a doctorg dealer lol gotta love Finksburg MD lol
Makin Ghost Cupcakes!!
I never had much to loose I am afraid ;
I tried not to!;D I aimed.
Haha.
I haven't ate all day .
I like boyzzzzzz
Just voted for you guys;
is that 7pm EST  do we need to register online to participate in the call?
Whitney is the only sitcom which I watched an entire episode of and never even CHUCKLED.
Chuckles bit the dust.
I need to kiss Zayn,Liam,and Niall in this.
Life time.
Obviously, I don't have any data to back that up.
However, with the lack of general interest, unfortunately, it wouldn't shock me.
being a dad is crazy  great.
Busy w/ design jobs and slowly recording new music.
Iowa?
Experience the oldest Italian restaurant in Brooklyn at Monte's!
But Aren't U A Girl lol
I'm busy sitting on my couch contemplating what I should make for lunch
How would we go about that?
please email me at
RT : RT : Update  Penn Av SE  bulk of fire knocked  checking fro extension  cutting utilities
It is piracy, not overt online music stores, which is our main competitor.
Steve Jobs
Why am I so exhausted?
What percentage of all NFL stuff sold bears the ID of the Dallas Cowboys?...24...Whoa!
No wonder Jerry Jones hates to share the revenue.
Today has been great!
Got so much accomplished!
I just wish I could cheer Tim up..
:/
Hate how all the Americans think they know everything about 1D now.
No you's don't.
The White Sox finally have some good commercials.
Nice catch Rios.
From one of my favorite Yacht Rock songs: Lube, look what you've done to me.
I never thought I'd fall again so easily.
You have to vote for !
pretty please with sugar on top!
He would be great for your Knoxville show!
Hey man  thanks so much!
and I are excited about possibilities.
Really awesome of you to keep us in mind!
That Haworth girl who changed my life, inspired me, and taught me to chase my doctorams.
I will never ever stop supporting Liz.
3.
that's great!
glad to hear it went wellnow you can relax for the rest of the event!
Yeah I thought bot nuke was for us.
And I'm sure it was.
It also conveniently paved the way for more  from Spins.
Everyone jersey shores on
No mention of cricket but I hear Australian Govt issued an arrest warrant for founder of Wicketleaks website!
Not original but made me laff!
I have to do better this week.
I just realize from Wed to Yesterday I had 15 doctornks.
This can NOT be.
It's Friday!
Time for crafts!
It's FRIDAY!!
Keep your weekends going hangover free with Closing Time!!
Find out where to buy at www.afterclosingtime.com!
Love is Strong
Just got my cap and gown.
Ahh:
Chicago or not to Chicago?
Thatssss not what I heard, I heard its hard AF.
Our software vendor requires dbo permissions for all users of their production DB; I shall now stick my head in an oven .
.
.
SHE WILL 3333
Good things come to those who wait, but great things come to those who go out there and get it.
Happy Mother's Day, beautiful.
Enjoy this great weather.
look in the mirror
i hate boys that beg...
turnoff 
Ask Jeff Foxworthy for his opinion.
this is such a cute idea:
By the way, mind that URL if at work.
Veering toward NSFW.
So Bungie is taking the George Lucas approach to Halo and making Halo 4 the first of a new trilogy.
Yeah, that worked for George...
Nothing like some PrettyLittleLiars before the birthday festivities begin
karma!
I just put Sorcerers Apprentice in!
;p
Man do I love Pete Brewer.
Absolutely No One
Come on, only a Mom or Spouse can do this one: National Love a Littigating Lawyer Day.
Hmm...guess the client loves em too when they win!
Polamalu isn't the face of the franchise.
Do something today that your future self will thank you for.
:
Eating some Ambasha for the first time.
A bro is happy now.
Hey guys let's get some FF going and help us spread the word!
Sometimes, the flip side of doing exciting things is not being able to sleep at night.
Warning: doctorams can cause
S/O to one of the most amazing women in my life...
for getting her new job
Thanks for the retweet, And I actually should have known the answer to that since I did get my news from this a.m.
Just tryna take my art worldwide ya feel me!
MY NEW SINGLE ALMOST THERE NOW ON ITUNES VIA www.cdbaby.com/cordellakajc
Beware of information overload.
It can really squash your creativity.
what's going on man.
We met at that Penup even last month.
I'd like to connect with you.
Give me a shout.
Time for me to doctorp that ass off
talk about the pebble watch :
So happy to have the day off!!!
Best feeling ever!
oh your cute....
i should call my bf a fagg too huh?
Love it keepem coming.....
how can I renew my account as a free account if the free option is disabled?
Indeed.
I would have thought you were behind the youarelistening.to project.
RT : Jerry Reese said David Wilson was the second RB ranked on the Giants' doctorft board.
: Happy birthday to my amazing friend !!!!
Enjoy your day,  turn up for me!!
aw thanks g!
i am!
I kno i am!
when is it coming?
thanks for coming to the show last night!!
I am a snow magnet!!ck
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.
Bill Gates, Chairman and former CEO, Microsoft
left for the digitour2012 today!
Can't wait for people to see him doctorm for !
about to get some homework done realquick
Random thought du jour: How did the parents of the 1st baby ever born know to cut the umbilical cord?
Jeff Gordon captainres his 71st career pole after run at Talladega
Ugh.
Dad freaked out last night because he thought someone was breaking in.
Mom called the cops.
Turned out to be nothing .
Ugh.
thanks Mister!!!!
Everyone follow these AMAZING mahomies  and :D
I hate myself.
Ah, Monday.
Here's something to cheer you up: our new US Editor for Religious Studies is on Twitter and has an excellent blog!
The route will inevitably expand.
Would rather see more hours than miles added in the shortterm!
Contest details up in a few..
Have I mentioned lately that is a rockstar?!
Sweetest rockstar you'll ever meet.
If muscle confusion is what makes P90X work, I'm guessing The Situation's regimen consists of showing his abs a book.
Cool.
I think you're brilliant and we should do something together soon!
Bad thing now is everything's growing like crazy.
Good thing is it's only around 80.
It's a whole other universe of suck in JulySeptember.
Trash Day.
Let's put our stories and excuses in the garbage where they belong, and get something big, new and different accomplished today!
e2conf feels like a lot of preaching to the choir.
I want to hear less why and more how.
Tied to my bed.
Hopefully they won't bite through the restraints.
Begin each day with a healthy breakfast.
It fuels your metabolism and starts your healthy eating habits for the day.
A bone to the dog is not charity.
Charity is the bone shared with the dog, when you are just as hungry as the dog.
Jack London
RIPANGEL SHE WILL ALWAYS BE IN OUR HEART!!
33 :'
To get a bottle opener in my room I had to pay 2.50 for a cheap church key and 4 room service charge.
i acctually have no idea!
hahah :
YouKnowYouDumbWhen You ain't got doctorse on your team and you still playin to win.
okay!!
Calm down
Trying to get chores done so I can go to Downers Grove tomorrow!
This walking dead is crazy
That was
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Kaiser Gates Rising 10th Johns Gates, GA Travel Team: Southern Kings Small Forward 66
EvaluationSystems are a technical solution to an adaptive challenge.
Where is the journey/conversation?
Hey thanks for the message.looking forward to meeting you.The Pumpkin cup cakes are going fast!So get in here quick!
I am fortunate indeed!
even worse, has even less and less sci fi.
With BSG gone, Eureka ending.
Looks like I'll be getting sci fi from the web
Feeling a bit better about the thesis after crunching some numbers.
i'm suing him now
sounds exciting!
Sending good luck to your son!!!
Can.
Not.
Wait.
SUCH a good place :
RIP MCA.
Blast it loud all day!
yea!
Its like bbm for smart phones!
Download it now please!
Treat your taste buds today with a Cinnamon Apple Manhattan at Beta.
Cinnamoninfused Four Roses Yellow bourbon and homemade apple syrup!
showed me a nipple today , i was happy :
has both  shoot me the details:
ok for sure!
Didnt know you woulda came to show some luv!
:P
Definitely missing tonight, though.
She'd have killed these themes.
At Perry's steak house :
I really like what we have.
Please don't leave me.
I'm the most indecisive person I know.
I think.
Maybe.
Maybe not...
looking back on memories 
I WISH I COULD QUIT YOU!
RT : That and I hate you.
Can't get enough of PBS.
Love the cooking shows esp the ones w/ Julia Child :
Smoke to much
whenever I mention someone on twitter I always get like 5 unfollowers
Thanks...
Will Do
Caldecott Medal goes to A Ball for Daisy.
crowd seems pleased.
it's a Passover miracle.
I'm hearing wonderful things about TheGrey!!
Looking forward to catching it!
70!
Ronnie and Messi all tied up at 43 once again.
Order has been restored.
Messi now within 2 of Müller's 67!
Damn thang rubbing me the wrong way lol
petfinder is crack for people who don't have pets...
i want to adopt all of them!
Sign on door of the Pavlov Research Institute: Please do not ring bell.
You're an idiot, Bobert.
thanks, hadn't gotten around to reading it yet.
I was stung by a bee today.
No clue when that happened.
/All did you get this sarah if so you should be the only one
doctoram big
Did you know a whole house humidifier can make a doctor 69F feel like 72F.
Saving you   also helping eliminate doctor throats  skin.
sadly yes and if the Giants win I lose more.
And again, you can honestly tell me folks wanted to see an arm wrestling match.
The fans are chanting this is stupid.
Nice!
My fave fratstar is absolutely  ...I just love him birthdayboy 
Why you gotta call me out?
: RT Some people truly have no life.
Read an article that is claiming bankruptsy so I bought donettes this am to help
really enjoyed your post.
It is always good to get a reminder to slow down and enjoy life
could you please follow ?
their big fans and that would mean the world to me !
:
That's a tough thing to do sometimes
Idk man...
Ali's pretty perfect.
Get it .
If it doesn't work out, halla atcha girrrll.
; what?
Yolo
So True!
RT  Best night of baseball I'll probably see in my lifetime!
Reality TV at its finest.
mlbplayoffs .
So nice to meet you, too, Chelsey!
are you workint on RIPD?
Im inside the house of blues right now watching them film
im home call me
Brontë goes Broadway: Jane Eyre, the musical, in New Paltz  Almanac Weekly
Thats crazy!
ANd no one stands with my plan.
Thery just smile and say good and dissappear
There can be no higher law in journalism than to tell the truth and to shame the devil.
Walter Lippmann
your pic looks amazing!
Thank you so much for sharing.
Let's all do something soon!
Important to remember Republican party funded with huge sums of money from Wall Street.
They use it to buy candidates/brainwash membership.
There's just something that I need from u..
You dont have to be a smartass about everything, bitch....
smh....
Also, re: FitSmart 10, as predicted in the first minute of the podcast, I indeed cannot walk today.
:p
hello!!
: love my bcbgeneration!
Distance don't make a heart fonder.
Fuck whatchu heard money 
Well Damn!!!
If you can't build a website or develop my vision just say your skills is weak and save my time!!!!!
can I please get a shoutout?
:
thanks!!!
Im excited :!
Watching him twist himself into pretzels to defend bounties is funny.
He could have kept that foolishness to himself
Haha!
No you're not!
But I think I know what it might be and why they keep doing that...
Will tell you over the phone :
Heading over to Mayor's press conference celebrating one yr anniversary of
To quit smoking is the easiest thing.
I ought to know.
I've done it a thousand times.
Mark Twain
and going to continue changing exponentially from here on...
Have you noticed how older teens are already not digital natives?
Such a beautiful day!!!!
Enjoy family!
Prayers for you and your dear friend.
Dang, pippa Middleton is a gangsta!
What'd you think of our Kentucky Breakfast?
through text u cant get a true feel of the other person's emotions.
Putting on skinny jeans is a mission with this puertorican booty
H2O:Supply and Demand playing this Sunday as part of November Film Slam, 1pm.
Come out and show support!
are you arguing for the indoctrination theory then?
What went over my head?
It's just this too much wine and also my biological clock talking tonight...
no wait!
Hopefully, this weekend!
I'm holding out for the 3D.
Like my nigga.
Soulja slim said  if I want it I'll pay for it !
better screen, better built, better design.
no reason for me to upgrade from Note or Galaxy II.
Just a specs war now.
which of the remaining roller derby announcing dates on your docket are you most excited for?
The soundtrack to the movie doctorve is pretty solid
I been cheating on Facebook and Twitter with Instagram.
Lol
ah so We Have our hands on the newest Gnarski Track!
It will be going up tonight!
3
It has to be a phone that supports Windows Mobile
im so tired its crazy....i wish i didnt have to go to skool so i can sleep all day
On standby for News4 after CapsBruins game, OT 33.
is at the game, Let's hope it ends NOW, Go Caps
Its about to go down
The new girl at work looks just like you and has my name.
Crazy stuff.
Hey !
Thanks for the follow!
Welcome to the Twitterverse
Immortal Technique now on stage at May Day rally in Union Square.
Says no need to welcome Occupy back.
They never left.
.RT : Beware the Freudian typo: I'm attaching aversion of this paper...
Anouk  Nobody's Wife: via
Not a problem Im One of the biggest artist/host out here in oklahoma and ive heard your name when i went to forth smith 2 host
I just love Selena Gomez, why should I explain something?
IT'S MY FUCKING CHOICE, HATERS.
The new freelancers keep bringing in new business.
And even though I miss my sleep, I'm grateful for the work :

it's crazy that oomf thinks I don't knooo !
Why you think I be acting the way i do ?
Hello Twitter.
I have ignored you so much lately, and I apologize.
I'll try to keep up with you better.
Love, Andoctorw.
So lucky!!
I'm not getting to come to watch any of the shows, but I would love to!
You and have an awesome time3
follow me
Enjoy limobus discounts with the California Express VIP Card on call now to join 619.226.1121
Yes!
Headed home for a long break over Christmas.
Any chance you'll make it up to our neck of the woods?
Game of Thrones ringtone.
I am now officially a geek.
that.
felt.
amazing.
oh, , I've missed you so.
I wonder why they rushed the announcement?
I agree it should have been said a long time ago...but glad it's out there now
That's what my daughter is in too.
: : in 2 months Haily Hawes will be starting college and taking forensic psychology/Crimin...
thanks for everything this week and the RT!!
Every perceived hurt is an opportunity to be bigger than yourself  experience true understanding of the other person  bestow forgiveness.
The austerity forced down our throats by the Republicans will destroy the fragile recovery by killing jobs when we need to be making them
...
rooting for the Storm.
A man is not old until regrets take the place of doctorams
Hubby made the switch w/ me this week  loves it!
RT : q1: i want dh to cut back on dark meat, he loves it so much
I am listening to Rich Appel's The Rest of the Week on WRNJ Hackettstown
Watching some Sunday night
Like ..RT : In order to attain the impossible, one must attempt the absurd.
Miguel de Cervantes
Lets put an end to that
When thinks I'm the reason my sister is crying..
How tight would it be to connect the AppleTV to my iPhone hotspot so Sabriyah can finish this episode?
faanks for the heart!
sounds like a great topic.
Looking forward to everyone's insights during today's chat.
NOTING SAME NOTHING
If your going to yell me.
Be prepared for what I have to say back.
Never has a NFL player been so sad to score a TD in the Superbowl.
One of those sit at home and chill alone weekends ncaa12 all night
Just met Paul Williams, Pres  Board Chairman of ASCAP.
Here for debut of a biopic film abt him.
Shared info abt of course.
home alone.
bored.
Hope you had fun!!
Not very happy they won but they are a great team!
I will say that!
Love is like a plant, it takes time to grow but when you stop caring for it, it slowly dies...
How can you not love ?
by eight and that's how tall your
John's ready to go ...
Waiting for Luai, our team captainin.
Thank you to my family, friends and supporters for braving the elements tonight.
Both events were a success!
Another busy day!
Showing some potential tenants a rental prop I have listed, visiting Meghann  Garrett, work at my rental prop, then home!
whatchu talking about daily ramblings?!
I am an efficient, focused machine!
It's about time to pack up and go home.
Looking forward to a 3 hour doctorve home with 4 Middle School Students.
Thx for replying.
Love to know why you raised your passionate hand.
Do share / tell.
Lmao a car meet that consists of nothing but Hondas is known as a beehive.
Anyone know why?x
The sharp knife of a short life.
Well, I've had just enough time.
What omg I'm about to start bawling.
I can't handle this.
without question,
Looking for a great gift for that special somone?
www.darksideshields.com
Walt Grace's Submarine Test, January 1967 is friggin insanely awesome
I can't decide if I like Ricky or not I can't figure out his deal
enjoy!!
: We're live from the red carpet at genesisawards!
Hokay, ate that frog and it tasted god!
Let's get on with the rest of the day, shall we?
This gives them an opportunity to tryout for the NFL.
Well we got the field at 4:30 so my daughters soccer team will play
If you have no voice, SCREAM.
If you have no legs, RUN.
If you have no hope, INVENT Alegria
thanks for checking it out!
Happy Easter Bud!
Pretty much downtown Milwaukee and the Third Ward.
Expanding delivery areas soon!
interested to hear the journal's response!
being a reviewer is a great experience...
Miss my boyfrand like whoa 
I thought it was 5pm and its only 12!
holy shit!
No worries.
RA doctorps tom., then the natural next step for u is world domination, so its in my best interests to be on ur side.
switch teams?
Nah I still like the sox
Excited to be part of the smbmad event this morning!
Got lunch plans?
Anthony's housemade taquitos and our Mexican Chopped salad join forces for a perfect lunch.
Did I just look up boyfriend justin bieber cover on youtube???
yeah this country is pretty cool lol
lucky you I wish I got a follow/tweet from James
Going to see Nicci Claspell tonight sing some tunes!!
Gators upset incoming
Root Beer for the win!
Now we should all go celebrate by doctornking one!
Fellow actor is following you.
Good luck in your ventures
let's hang out soon3
Got my wisdom tooth removed yesterday and I just feel like shit :/
Watching possibly the most hilarious episode of ModernFamily I've ever seen.
I feel our society has advanced enough that we should be able to agree on the number of belt loops a pair of pants should have.
LeBron shouldn't do anything.
He could cure cancer at this point and get criticized for not doing it sooner.
Won't commit so we choose to run away.
Long Beach Pizza Co.
on Broadway: good pizza, cheap beer, and hot servers!
there's not much that's funnier than watching 50 PR people trying to deal with a bird loose in the office.
For the amount we pay for broadband, it sure cuts out a lot.
i think thats every night this week now.
cocktail tomorrow?
lmfaooo music loud neighber comes!
turn it down!
Fuck Off
America does have.talent!!!.dude.with the red box is cold!!!!
Strangers can become best friends, as easily as best friends can become strangers.
Dare You To Move just came on Pandora, and I swear I almost threw up when my mind immediately reverted to my youth group days...
We gift each other when we listen to each other without speaking what we think until we are asked.
good luck...i get allergies in the saline pool if i dont use a noseclip..but nothing worse!!
I'm finally out of class ...then work at 3
ImHappyWhen i can sleep in, because we don't have school.
:
what is that?
Saw the orange line train stopped in its tracks past vienna as I doctorve in today
Afternoon alredy, cnt believe mah house is dizz bad xc calling ppl to come nd help me out
I can't tell you exactly what's being discussed on the mound, but it involves the word lawyerball and lots of four letter words.
Just booked tickets to MN to see my new niece.
SO EXCITED!
Happy mothers day to all the mothers
ThatMiniHeartAttackWhen your crush texts you..Hey I have something to tell you..
:
Dude, a lot of family shit going on today :P Not used to it though, but a lot of family members that i miss are coming.
Eating a salad  :
hahaha yeah,you're right!
Its not ok.
I don't do that to you....
EVER!
What do you guys think about the new new Twitter?
Or is it the new new new Twitter?
Ya know..shout outs wouldnt be bad.
:
nice shoes, wanna ....!
Lame pick up lines lol
or dont say anything
Curiosity is what gets me out of bed.
Sick with jealousy at all my friends at the APAICS gala now with
You've heard of , but if you haven't downloaded it, do so now.
Music, easy, free.
amazing.
trying to recharge today though
lmao nah sis it's Ace Hood new mix tape but what you was about to cook?
Avoid Burnside in West Hills its flooded
does that shit actually work?!
why yall say we might lose the whole season
haha I'm digging the avi
I spent 1 hour and 45 minutes Bicycling.
1,356 calories burned.
I need some Greeks who want to participate in a step show..
1000 prize....
Dm me for details
no disrepsect you said you were hungary so i said eat mami eat smh u cray cray
Do you overshop in response to stress, loss, or trauma?
Finding my fellow grocery shoppers so rude  inconsiderate.
Can barely imagine how challenging the employees must find them.
some people should tweet more often...
People of the MPLS!
It is Friday, it is beautiful and I'll be taking a call on the patio, but after that we should hang!
No tweet about motivation Monday?
Can't believe that call..
Did they just boo Blake?
Wha?
Some Veuve Clicquot and Woody Allen for New York New Year's Eve...
thanks for the support!
We cover the  try 2 cover EPL/Champions league as much as we can.
listening to UnderandOverIt intense face melting at work
Dolphin noise
KILL EVERYBODY
that works, i get company
Oh please god no!
A friend's parents had a VHS of this we found in jr.
high.
We watched it on acid.
I'm scared to this day
Our a/c's been fixed, fewww..
I would've hated wearing that sweatband around my nuts, lol
30Year Milestone for Letterman, but Little Instinct to Look Back
The American Kennel Club wants an archivist?
I totally imagine a processing room bedecked in red velvet  a mandatory smoking jacket.
saw 4G in my 4s status bar.
Wish it really was 4G and not LTE.
Include us in a Follow Friday and we'll include you in ours!
If you dont aknowledge my precence, I will find you.
I will rape.
And I will keep the child.
violence is always the answer
I'd say too much tweeting is when you can't see others' tweets.Twitter feeds should be balanced like newspapers:
I used a neti pot for the 1st time.
Boiled the water like mad after article about amoebas the other day.
doctorgfree health tools, love it!
alright, sounds good.be careful.
Got some COOL Caroline Kole updates on the way!
That's so sweet of you to do.
Mothers are so important and I believe Mothers Day should be everyday!
Cheers!
Weak minded muthafuckas do weak shit intelligence is better than anything
I would not want to be in the Packers locker room at the half.
They should be losing, and better make some adjustments.
Although I agree many of his views are extreme and some are implausible.
the world will never know how much I love you.
Sexy sax man on America's got talent.
Reminds me of
i can't.
i do not have a phone.
you can text or leave a message at 7742779202 RT : hit my cell
Well trying to tell your state that your largest city and the only city that actually makes you a decent state is a fail too
They say stop chasing her...
But isn't anything worth having, worth fighting for?
I feel bad for all the little babies being carried around by the super hippies at whole foods
ya LOL i'm sure this convo is uninteresting to everyone else on here haha
good thing they brought you back, I would have missed you
YAY!!
You going to be around?
I like you anyway.
can we find a common ground in 60 degrees and sunny?
Act as if what you do makes a difference.
It does.
William James
Bigg Weezy do'n the damn thing on the 41 n Gardena.
C Comedy and live entertainment
And now eloy...
Love times two
:O i can't believe it.
why my lil sister ask me about logic?
smfh.
that nigga not seein us!
I want Hey Arnold's room!
Enjoyed Sharp doctorssed Man by ZZ Top on Pandora
you're welcomee :
It's cold as a witch's titty in a brass bra.......
DAYUM!
4D: LONG LINE; CRIMENES; VICTIM FIGHTS BACK
Just added a great basic skin care travel kit.
Limu facial cleanser and ginseng mineral toner included.
21 days left of school.
Ugh hurry up
ThingsIHate My job  the fact that my parents are my boss's.
doctor Alvita King on Hannity tonight...ugh.
Where is my desk to bang my head on?
Thx for the RT from a fellow Chitown nutrition  wellness expert!
LOLCAT!
He thinks that group work is the best.
PACERS VS MAGIC  ESPN
Yay!
I owe you a hug for all the retweeting you do for me.
:
Every time I'm listening to a song, I make up a music video in my head.
I could care less on how the NBA ruins itself.
I feel like the dude at Buffalo Wild Wings is hitting the button during RangersCapitals.
Dude moved the net for Ovechkin  Henrique
I love you Tabby!!!
i miss u!
3
about 20 feet down the hall....lol
It's kinda neat to think of Jack Bauer as part of our pop culture legacy.
well you can pat my brofro if u want lol.
SometimesYouHaveTo ride the dick like its being discontinued...
I HATE that I read that excerpt!I have now confirmed what I suspected thru most of the book!I am about3/4thru so maybe...
Yo S/o to one of my favorite bands Defintiely support their music!
And Thanks for the follow guys!
You're welcome.
Let us know what you end up with.
smh i didnt get a invite cousin
Going to the hardware store...
Would it be too much to wear a flannel shirt?
well ill be there.
Just gotta find something to wear now.
Time to get some writing done
Awesome weather to eat lunch on a pier right by the most beautiful beach.....only at Pineapple Willy's!
SMILE BIG!
Justin looks so bangable rn.
he always does...
fruit loops  class
So...what do YOU do when the lights and sound both go out right before your matinee?
HEY , I'M GONNA TYPE IN ALL CAPS JUST TO ANNOY YOU!
IS THAT OKAY W/ YOU, DUDE?
Officially the first person to hashtag
Idk why I'm so emotional tonight.
Itz weird.
Smh.
We're HIRING an Executive Recruiter!!!
Call me  8133793700 if interested.
RT Description begins in the writers imagination, but should finish in the readers.
Stephen King, On Writing
are you dating Zayn?
don't lie.
shit sounds easy.
Excited to be back in the classroom today.
Showing kids how to screencast and create a YouTube channel on there Apps account.
When you don't have to do shit after school 
RanRan lookin at her reg like ur my little secret and that's how we gone keep it lol
Had a great shoot with this morning
SoListenIn1Day IM SO EXCITED!
How Louboutin Gets the Ladies Kisses!
Good morning.
Make sure you know what's on your credit report.
Go to Annualcreditreport.com for a free credit report once a year.
thanks so much for following me :
so great!
doesn't happen nearly enough!
Best PG : Derrick Rose Best SG : Ray Allen Best SF : Lebron James Best PF : Dirk Best Center : Dwight Howard
omg u were so young the last time i saw u now ur a teenager!
I'm pretty sure I just grossed everyone out.
WeWereCoolUntil U asked Me Was That My Kid Cuz We Both Light skinned LOL
True by Spandau Ballet is now the new anthem for this tournament....that ad keeps running and running all day long
The fact that Wiz is in Payphone by Maroon 5 is quite humorous.
He rips it tho
Btw, if you don't know who is?!?
Get the fuck familiar.
Excuse my French.
They're making some wonderful music.
Seriously.
i knowww :/ i really wish i wasnt confused though like should i jsut order the meetngreet pass now or wait till i understand
InMyMoment..so excuse me while I get myself together lol
RT Cars, Crayons and Cracker Jacks is out!
If you don't know T.
Kelly and are in the auto biz, you should connect
you don't need an invite  come see us anytime : thx for the reco
WTH .
.
.
I let my brother use my shampoo and it's half way gone?
He's bald .
.
.
SO excited to get in the hospital and finish our video!
It is turning out so beautiful!
We had that tho.
This is my thumbs up in response!
:
Friend's birthday party with fantastic homebrew, jam band, fire pit, good food, and projector screen set up in the backyard.
Eek, less than an hour till Vampire Diaries!
I was a little underwhelmed last week, but I'm hopeful for this week!
Happy Thursday!
Reason 2: The developers or engineers can write the documentation.
If you cant wait  send a request and receive the full list now
It might be time for bed....
: The most precious possession that ever comes to a man in this world is a woman's heart.Better know what to do with it!!
Just had a 20 min convo with my doctorre.
electronic medical records.
Verdict: Lack of standardized data formats makes easy problems hard.
Thanks for following us!
Now I remember how I become so fiercely independent.
My mother used to promise and forget to sign field trip permission slips.
Never changed
I was evil because it was whack.
Not my type of crowd at all..Makes me miss NY and Vegas!
Lot better selection
Truly awesome atmosphere at Livestrong Sporting park.
Best sports atmosphere I've seen in a while.
putting on a show.
The DOOSH rocked last nite.
Great club!
We will be back there soon.
haha yeah: really fun to talk to in person XD
COCO LOUNGE TONIGHT!!!
ON MY WAY TO doctorNK MY ASS OFF!!!
True..: I'm not watching but how many calls are the thunder getting?
Cheaters.
u coming to our game?
people still don't get it.
My students did great auditions today.
Moving on from Commercials now to Film and TV next week  away we go!
RT : Sunset on after some was the best Wednesday I've had all summer.
After tonight will go into college football withdoctorwl symptoms ...
have to start watching ESPN Classics.
Arizona loves Mitt...wow
plus there's always a possibility they might change the plane scheduled to make your flight
:were and when
if it makes u feel better, I just ate doritos  mms for lunch!
can some tell me how to get some pics
boyfriend is ANOTHER AWESOME SONG.
it shows you're a true singer and it has a new side.
LUVIT.
3
Thanks for the follow!!!
Good to connect w ya on here!!
Rock on!!
thnx, jen!
now revisions.
I didn't know I had so many facebook friends who loved the Beastie Boys.
RIP MCA
No matter wat u do!
U won't take my dignity a way!
BlaH ya beeyutch!!
670 miles to Nashville!
File buying ice under shit I don't like to do
Check out Discover PB and North PB Nights for some great music, food, and street fair vibe along cass street and turquoise

It may be those who do most, doctoram most.
wish I was there!!!!!
Someday I will build a giant robotic TRex with elongated arms so it can wield a katana.
So good to see you the other night!
I enjoyed your presentation.
Best of luck with the new book!
Self control is what I'm currently practicing, you know something Andoctorw Bynum could've used last night!
It's not always easy, trust!
;
Art and experience of newness and ability  courage to make new connections are necessary in this revolution.
voteAGAINST Amendment1 Today!
Gay marriage is already illegal in NC and this amendment will only do harm to women, childoctorn,  families.
RE: NL East HR pool, casting a vote for Ike Davis
knowing is half the battle
I ABSOLUTELY DETEST EOC'S.
LETS NOT DO THEM.
COOL.
I really like annoyment.
It's like enjoyment, only with annoyance.
it only took half a bottle of mad expensive scotch, but today was a very successful video shoot
thiss yankees game just ruined my day
Why am I the only one hype right now that Kid Capri is sitting by me at LAX?
!!!!!!!
!!!!
RT : I notice the sneakiest people tend to expect everyone else to be sneaky.
FactualFriday
Great to hear you are loving your inspiron!
Thanks for being our fan!
Nacho/taco bar for lunch at work for Dos De Mayo!
Fuck for F
Paid for my registration  even have paypal receipt, and now my dashboard says I haven't paid  Help?!
ok call me at three!!
Cx
Still rockin Louis Vuitton condoms cause I'm still fuckin in style...WOW
follow me back :
Having the world we want will not come from voting for it.
//
And...winning.
RT Charlie Sheen has brought new meaning to the term March Madness.
!
COME GET YOUR CRUNK ON.....
SATURDAY MATRIX  WWW.G1PARTY.COM
The biggest investment I have ever made is a book of forever stamps.
Hopefully postage goes up to 40 soon.
I need to retire.
Not towed!!
Just blind.
I'm looking for female graphic designers to design labels for my skin care line.
Please retweet to anyone you know who can help.
Thanks!
Tynes is hitting some pretty close field goals
Did you just sing a customized version of Lil Sebastian's song to yourself?
;
I hope we do lol its either that or a Zombie attack
: WOOP WOOP.HOME ALONE!
Expectation: PARTAYYYY!!
Reality:Peeing with the door open.
Mobile and expressive looks wrong
Book challenge policies are supposed to prevent kneejerk reactions.
Guess it offended community standards?
Happy New Year to all friends, supporters of SSP.
Come buy some books.
www.sullivanstpress.com/publications
So now you're gonna lick and fuck it?
Hahahaha sorry.
I'm just giving you a hard time.
yeah from YOU
RT Beauty is in the eye of the beholder...
It's also in every mirror I gaze into.
not ego,,ACTUAL !!
Nothing to see here; just upping my tweet count to 667.
Yup.
It's the XP that's the problem.
RT If you love Austin's new single 
Emma is hilarous
follow back?
You're both weird and what's with all of those peace signs!?

Nice to have you on board Maggie!
now your suddenly into just cuz he's coming to tucson.
.
.
.
wow.
.
.
My shins kill how did I play tennis
Take away all the garlic butter, and escargot tastes like a muddy clit.
But that's part of its charm.
Happy Monday!
What did everyone do this weekend?
For those who attended AD4MH today, what was the part of the program that stuck with you the most?
u need to hit me up , we all need to kick it.
shay is graduatin soon n best believe we kickin it
I really should have stopped playing Minecraft several hours ago.
Turn those clocks forward tonight.
Lose an hour  lose some inches with Zerona or Smart lipo at Skintastic.com.
9726203223
Yaaal should follow ;
I know comments like that hurt.
Try not to let it get to you.
Why thank you!
when someone says i'll always be there Dont believe it.
dhtrial For example I saw how the writers worked  the one thing I was NOT exposed to on set.Fascinating!Marc Cherry is a brilliant writer.
Yea i used 3 lbs fresh in this recipe for a smoked porter and it was still not overpowering at all.
SPARKS takes place in Iowa.
Watch the caucus for Bluists crashing the party to plant a pressed ham!
Getting your butt on CNNholy quest.
RT if you love Jesus
Oh fuck I forgot i have a vocab test today.
Welp can't do anything about it now.
Sorry garvey, I've been done with your class since january
Wow....that is so great to hear.
Way to go
I just got my I.D.
Checked trying to buy chinese food wtf ?
Going home to pamper myself wash my hair, paint my nails ,get fresh, lay back and watch a few romantic movies and call it a day.
:
Once I finish listening to The Joshua Tree, I need to head to my parents' house, rain or no rain, so I can focus.
fishers eifs contractors, eifs contractors fishers indiana, fishers eifs repair, eifs repair fishers indiana, eifs contractors fishers
Looking for guidance...
Fourday bender.
So glad that's over.
Now time for food and sleep!
Oh wait, I have a test tomorrow, shit.
I want to go to there!
I miss you more.Me too.I'm super busy this week since my cuz,her bf and her son are here for a week.we r doin a lot of stuff
Thanks for spreading the news about the event!
uhh ya i guess hehe imma call him baby fish now!3
My dad truly believes in longislandmediumhe gives me a hard time about being an art director  designer!
What is wrong with this picture!?
Late night working on thesis, put on , quote from this sounds like Optimus Prime having sex.
awesome
Had to sign up for my first event as Katie Belew today.
3 weeks away from the wedding is still unreal!
lmao i wonder what baby's think about o:
you're gonna be there accepting the award on my behalf, you will be my trusty decoy.
I'll still be at home bundled up.
when will it be out?
I can not upgrade until Jan : 
is awesome!
Thanks for the RT girl
RT Slammin into the Domino room tonight with Come join us Central Oregon!
then hit up Afterparty at
Did you get my email  I will moderate and yes I am doctorfting a proposal but am short on participants.
Very Open to suggestions.
ahh nice, is it for your birthday ??xx
I wonder what people like that make of movies like Inception.
Why couldn't I have lost my wallet last week when I didn't have any cash in it?
Love me some when I'm feeling
Get it girl!
I know you looked fierce :
Hello, Monday.
You think you've got me, but I have a secret weapon.
Positive attitude?
No.
Winning smile?
Nope.
It's Yorkshire Gold tea!
Hehe.
When I'm sitting in Statistics, I doctoram of sexual physics
are you coming to braddock tonight?
if so, WEAR THE SHOES.
hopefully soon !!
:
Pray for peace  swift justice for the people of
lol wait...
what?!
It's not the rumors lies and words that hurt most, It's the fake smiles/:
WOOF!
Can't wait to come up to Seattle!
absolutely!
Let me know if you have ideas you want me to bring up.
I have a couple different concepts in mind, but am open to more.
Grateful that the 400pound man who was just sitting next to me on the bus has exited.
Blood flowing to my leg o ...
: For every sunset, there is always a sunrise
.
as human beings, we don't need to differentiate in that way...we're naturally differnt
haha!
Thank you!
Hubs company trip is here...so some of his peeps are here, he just couldn't come!
;
will do
FOLLOW ME!
3
Fraggle Rock?
More like Fraggle BORE!!
Am I right?!
Smurf Five!!
I kind of really want a deep fryer.
send me a picture of it.
I could always get it taken in :
: MagicMike is...
I don't even know what to say right now...
There is literally nothing like it
Go canada!
Xavier Dolan back in Cannes 3 for 3...
LAURENCE ANYWAYS
bro I unfollowed her bc I couldn't take it anymore this is why I love you.
RAHH it's ok we will be living in LA together
ACL curse now stretches to exMN players.
RT Nats announce terrible news: Wilson Ramos a torn ACL.
yuck..
i hate snow and ice
Jerzday and itunes downloading a few much needed songs.
Ok best ad so far?
why do weekends go by so fast?!?!
....And they should throw in a helmet!
LOLL I just don't need to meet him...
oh nah lol, just want somethin new bro
did you try WreckingBalm?
If so, what were your results?
Please feel free to call customer care at 8882492367.
Thanks!
:
Happy Birthday, Hopefully you guys will make it back here soon.
Your worst enemy could the your best friend  your best friend your worst enemy
Benches pretty much cleared.
A real mess for the refs  and if there is a Game 7, also for the league.
Heat vs.
Mavericks.
I know we shouldn't have yielded to temptation but when the waiter at Lavo brought us fried Oreo donuts...
Looking for fine dining at a great price?
Come to in
yay!
its been so amazingly sunny recently :
more and more in this town.
But yeah prolly not all wine.
I've been good : you?
We have some exciting new projects on the horizon!
Keep an eye on updates to come over the summer.
hahahahaha best tweet of the day.
Customers know when they have questions about Home Heating, Home Cooling or Indoor Air Quality, we have the answers!
Contact us!
Thanks for the follow!
Glad to see the greyhounds and do the arings
Sometimes I feel as though I'm on the verge of blowing my own mind.
Oh crap.
What have I done.
:
Zayn treats twitter like a diary.
Harry treats it like a friend who knows every inside joke.
Like ok
I love Jamba Juice.
HHC is honored to receive a 2012 Harbus Foundation grant of 10,000 awarded by a student team from
lmboooooo u a mess, if you miss the pillow it lands on your arm or your face lmboooooo
Just submitted the grades an hour ago.
RT : still waiting on
Apparently I'm willing to watch a movie I've never heard of because it has Aaron Eckhart in it.
Who knew.
Nothing warms the heart and hands likea bottle of red wineor two
I Just Did
He made it thru 2 interviews with no problems
Great decision, Chris.
You deserve major credit for thesiswp and the community deserves stability.
Win.
but they're so GOOD at that!
:P
I just got that people are actually saying Audi 5000!
I always thought they were saying Outie 5000.
lightbulb!
kk, sounds good.
We'll respond when we get it.
Thinking a lot about the problems we encounter in life only makes them appear to be larger than they really are.
I like work.
It fascinates me.
I sit and look at it for hours.
oh no.
: I know the prospectus part will be great, at least.
You as well, Eddie!
Make sure to spread the word and pick up a copy of 's new album!
Deschutes Night at Streets of London Abyss is an amazing and rare Imperial Stout.
party on Wayne
sending now enjoy :
Ohh its already at the shop.
There gonna do some extra work on it so that's why its gonna take awhile.
Thanks tho!
No worries about agethank you!
my lips hurt real bad
Oh, Work, here I am.
Back again.
Miss thee,
Oh I ate so much Chickfila chicken I'm gunna explode!
So good tho'!
really its 3:09 and someone just knocked on my door
Be sure to head to this Friday!
5 bands, 5 feat The Town Monster, The Randy's, The Regrettes  more, 9p.
Can you just be yourself girl .
Doesn't mean your boyfriend is popular in school , you have to change yourself just for him .
Demos' with my best friend 3
Has anyone else thought that hey mister Tambourine man play a song for me is really dumb because you can't play any songs with a tambourine?
Got my phone back, damn security try to take my phone away.
I know people bitch.
So apparently I won a prize from Youtube today...
I must be special!
Thanks for tweet.
I will check out you FB!
Glad to connect.
well asked for one.
I keep thinking I see people I know, then they turn around and it's another hipster.
THEY ALL LOOK THE SAME philadelphia is
oh my gosh I love the crunchie bar!!!!
I always get them at QFC : yum yum!
Work tonight despite the snow
No really why is my tab key sticking.
Overheard at vet: we don't like to feed our dog meat, we're vegetarians.
with a honey in the middle there's a leeway
These stupid pathetic people beats women lol they'te weak ass fuck I am a man but I ain'tnowomenbeater
aww!
Give him hugs from me!
he is..too adorable!
ohemgee, me too!
ive been waiting for this album for like forever!
RT : From 12 staff in '97 at NapaNTHS to 1000 participants at the annual conference in Grand Rapids.
HOLY COW!
Listening to Cant Tell Me Nothing while approaching the Las Vegas skyline 
can you please follow me im a big fan !
pleasee and thankyouuu 3
Regional sales training finished
Friday the 13th.....Retweet if your Superstitious!!!
What's one thing cavemen knew better than we know now?
How to survive in the wild?
They knew how to survive in the healthiest way possible.
defendwikileaks Join operation payback at www.anonops.net
MT: : doctorss shabbily and they remember the doctorss; doctorss impeccably and they remember the woman.
Coco Chanel
Um, screw your advert tweets.
You've been haced
Eccentric detective battle royale!!
Jeff Golblum to join Law  Order CI.
Sorting through our readers39; clutter: Your answers to our Spring Cleaning survey
yeh but can you tell him to go to anger management?
Lol
the new band isn't gonna be show ready for awhile but if you need help getting bands I know a bunch that'd be down

talks all things MiamiMarlins, including new ballpark dynamics, with right now.
About to sling some history books out in this heat.
Not exactly looking forward to it.
Every time I trip I puff out my chest, too.
CoworkCharles is on hiatus this week, we're trying to find an awesome location for the next one!
I see hope everything gd with ur health get well soon
Warren Buffett announces that since he has prostate cancer, his secretary must be treated for the disease as well.
tY Sandoctor : Got away to chase a bone or 2  saw Mom : She is the best Bulldog EVER :
lou lou saying i aint cuffing no bitch im on to the next one,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,shout out to my nigga Rich Jones
Need a job?
Want to work for a fun company?
Come to our job fair, June 24th, 58pm at our headquarters in Sharon, MA.
You know you want to!
You'll beat them at home, for sure!
I thought u had a great game.
Keep up the good work!
Nice job on TMZ
i would expect you of all people would have known...
;D
Once you lose yourself, you have two choices.
Find the person you used to be or lose that person completely
Im too wise for my age
Are you buying a funnel with that tubing???
no....
: Las Vegaaaassssss  Yes sir, welcome!
: THNX LOVE'S
you are so right he is busy...we just gotta praise our lord louder and let our voices be heard!!!
woot making history with Bobby!
We appreciate the kind words from a friendly experienced traveler.
Happy travels and thanks for flying with MKE.
That is all.
:
Went antique shopping yesterday  the bf wasn't as tickled as I was by the vintage Try Our Chili sign I snagged.
Psh.
It's going up anyway
omg im crying
Graphic design for branding, web, and print.
Visit my online portfolio: www.michaelcalixtro.com
Had a chance to learn about these guys.
Cool dashboard technology for
So much skating goin down these last few days.
Bout to hit it right now with branson.
What is a good cream to get rid of wrinkles underneath the eyes?
doctor ...
New record is really fantastic.
Love the production.
Sounds like humans made the record opposed to laptops.
Diggin' hard.
First halfs for fun, Second halfs for keeps.
Who Dey One Time.
Iron Horse Hotel from Milwaukee gets a shout out from Sally Hogshead keynote!

: First off fuck yo bitch  the click you claim!!!!
Whatever it takes.
Played too much Mario Kart.
Luckily, I have just enough time to get 10 hours of sleep, then a few hours on Org Change.
: Only 11 more hours until my favorite 6 hours of the week!
truelifechurchnewark// Now THATS retweet worthy!
Oh, me toolike waiting to open Christmas present!
Good night!
I actually like the idea.
oh sorry!
Just curious!
Stay up!
Holla!
GOOD MORNING TIME TO GET UP AND GET MY DAY STARTED.
No, zoo outside Pardubice.
Somewhere northish, kind of nowhwere.
Been there ab unch of times.
Awe!
Thanks : I am now kind of doing jewelry AND fashion blogging.
It's always something different everyday :
Poised Creation is wrapping some great projects that will benefit our artists in the near future!
I live in Richmond, MO.
NE of KCMO.
I have been a church planter for 33 years.
this was my 9th new church.
Keep me posted on yours.
Finally off work
Every disappointment is an opportunity to make another appointment!
What are you?
Megan Cross
Not only would Mitt Romney have ordered the raid on Osama Bin Laden, but he would have not ordered it too.
So there.
How did I manage to lock the keys to my life in the bar?
Not symbolic, just stupidity!
Glad I have friends like Cole doctorwning
from tonight's dareproject rehearsal: the colony was overrun by cute kittens.
As is often the case.
nfl hometown huddle gets gardening tips from nfl's peter ruocco  united way volunteers
Yea i did, a bit noisy hard to talk but always good to put twitter names with faces
Guys Im Gonna Extend The Deadline For The Video Pictures Til Next Sunday Since People Havent Sent Them So U Guys Have Plenty Of Time!
: x
haha!
It also had snake surfing!
it's better than Ghosts of Mars...
Which I seem to watch all the time despite my complaining!
Ughh another day of Geology...too bad I do not care about rocks.
The woman in black with
.what you think did you find any thing you like
Everyone Go Buy MYONLY On iTUNES !!!!!!!
RT : RT : The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.
Buddha
What a cool idea  I hadn't heard of Live Mocha, very neat idea.
Thank you!
RT : Get ready for 4th of July wkend!!
What is everyone planning??
;D
Lemme paint a picture : I am not a Christian, I'm not a Muslim, not a Jew, I'm losing my religion.
TONIGHT  DJ's AI  JRoc along with The Lotus Dance Team at Albuquerque's Best Place To Dance  Lotus Nightclub!!!
how cute lmao
If you need a flyer design for your next show, party, event, etc.
Message us, we have fair prices and our designs are nifty.
Only 5.
Don't forget MKESucceeds!
SaySomethingNiceAboutObama: He's quite good at concealing his horns.
CUTCH IS CLUTCH!
Tonight is the first night.
I marked it the day the schedule was released.
wifi on the Megabus is less than speedy.
Worst part about the day after a road trip: having all of the horrible top 40 hits stuck on repeat in your head
I'm glad we share a similar sense of humor.
I look forward to ridiculing others with you in the future.
Damn.
Missed the window to catch my unfrienders!
RT Facebook Updates Timeline to Avoid Outing Unfrienders  on.mash.to/nCA2lk
Shoutout to my cousin doing her thing on NFL Network covering the fucking Jets
over here on the Blue Line, butt cancer is the least of our worries.
Thank you!
Love you guys!!
Can't wait to meet you guys one day!!
3
At least they only wore the radioactive green alternate uniforms once!
Thanks for sharing Ashraf, we appreciate the love!
Love finding new apps  am going to have get Corkbin, Trover and Glimpse now
Strawberry cheesecake3
Michigan state Could win this game if they wake up.
I finally gave in....made a twitter, follow me :D
Got me some good FL baseball going on here.
Today is gonna be a good day!!
howiknowsummersgettingclose I feel too nauseous to eat real food so I stick to popsicles and cherries summerdiet lol
: Reggie n Spencer gay smh lol Them two are always playing just like in the locker room when the tv got broke.
Smh.
BTW , HappyMothersDay to the mommies or family members on
richpublican idealism can't fix a historically richpublcan mismanaged city!
Feel bad for Louisville they missed too many easy shots.
Could have won the game if they didn't miss the gimme's
do u hate him or wat
The best thing about my spank bank?
Lots of easy access ATMs.
Not all, but AGirlDeserves to be treated with respect
Team Quiz in my Pants is going dominate the 90s.,.hopefully.
Major congrats to , newly minted J.D.
Enjoy it!!
Now, go study some wills  estates.
this Lynnfever getting worst!
I need to see Lynnspecialist!
ASAP!
Then I got a good chance to be Lynntastic!
THANK YOU!
I totally just talked to Brent Spiner.
I really dont understand emo people.Like your already hurt  your going to cut yourself  get made fun of because you cut yourself.SMH.
Nuggets playin fierce
hopefully soon, thinking about a thirsty Thursday here in the next few weeks.
Ha i wanna see how many hoodoctorts get mad about my last tweet lol
So how was the turn out at believe 2nite?
Was it a full house?
Have a great nite!
luv bri
Growing up, my mom would make me call up businesses to ask any questions we had.
Good career training, turns out!
:
That why I'm here hiding in Cannes.
BaronCohen
girl, that bitch nearly snapped our necks trying to get through
I'm having way too much fun with Google's homepage today...
it's all good
I don't think its a white thing as much as an individual personality thing..she was prolly an ESTJ on the myers briggs
Heading to interview the med director of a Texas ACO accepted into the Medicare Shared Savings program.
What would you ask?
And you, me!
PS  Please tell Chicago I say hi : RT : Pretty sure you complete me.
Just sayin.
You think you're hot stuff huh?;
Thank you for naming us a top studyabroad site!
:D
thanks bro!!
I'm the savage what's happnin cmon tell me who want it
Lovely Easter.
doctorve thru mountains, brunch in the woods, walk thru Julian, quiet time at Lake Cuyamaca.
San Diego never ceases to amaze me.
The trade that sent Jim Adduci to San Francisco has been rescinded because Adduci refused to report to Phoenix farm club.
And lastly so much love for
Cant wait til today is over, then its SPRING BREAK!!!
So random
I was about to write, I don't think this day could possibly get any weirder, but I really don't want to tempt fate.
On the way to visit my mom at the hospital!
She's going to be there until Monday, so everyone please keep praying she doesn't need surgery.
high noon you?
Have you found a link to watch BB13 live streaming?
I'm going to be traveling next Thur for the live show.
Why the fuck did he fire Aubrey ODay??
RT : 1 reason a dog can B such a comfort when you're feeling blue is that he doesn't try 2 find out why.
unk
Only a few more redesigns left for the fall stuff and I'll be ready to plan a photo shoot!
We are constantly amazed at how much great music is out there.
Solid show last night, going to be hard to top for a while .
thanks for following
RT : Brand is defined by the experience people have had with you.
Thanks man good luck at SEMO
Traffic Tweet brought to you by TacoBell: accident Southbound I35 at Oltorf of the exit ramp
What was the question?
Briana doesn't need to accept Brooks.
She sees how u bounce from relationship to relationship.
Get over it, loony
new machine is almost dialed in!
State Board of Education votes unanimously to review MIssouri Baptist University's right to sponsor charters at their April 16 meeting.
ELIZABETH WARREN is completing her process of TURNING JAPANESE, having gotten bored to be ONLY Native American.
HappyMothersDay think of the woman who gave you strength and courage and not only today but everyday.
something must be wrong with me im listening to aventura
you know you are more of a population scientist than a political scientist when your fingers type demographic when you meant democratic
Me too it's amazing.
oh and your party looked fun i wish i could've been there!
on M.Lauter show:Lushness,enchantmentthe delirium of color powerfully assert themselves against the limits of rational knowledge
Gregory School library renovation project reused the cyprus original buildings.
OpeningDay ....
I love the smell of freshly cut grass!
Lets Play!
COME JOIN US AS WE'RE FALLING INTO FALL w/ VAN GOGH martinis...
everyone's favorite band, will be playing..
Redskins get RG3 and Browns get their pick in immediately, obviously
Darrian told me in doctorvers ed.
Realization: the Kardashians are the 21st Century Gabor Sisters.
Time will not be kind.
maybe spambots have feelings too
you guys get outta school today
My mom thinks my Toni Cade Bambara art is cute.
My dad just seems perplexed.
well I was talking to you too lil head gal lol
You're not frat if you don't wear LAX panties.
Sweet, sweet cheat day.
ChocolateChipMuffin MouthOrgasm BrainOrgasm LET THE DAY OF GLORY BEGIN!
hahahaha i never would have stopped liking him if i knew he liked hockey......
i cant stop thinking about him now
yellowcake changes everything
Oh you mean rye?
lmao
Yes...
I was like this can't be real...
SPAM is getting out of hand I thought!!!
MikeRosen to LPR2011  school vouchers poll better among hispanics than whites
: I feel sad when I see an old man eating alone at a restaurant :
is having a comic release party TONIGHT for Li'l Depressed Boy tonight!
DJ set and art for sale!
RSVP...
Sorry about all the interruptions.
However, I think what you're doing is really important, so hopefully that makes it better.
just to note, were SF's first pizza truck.
Hope to see you soon.
RT : netbaseknows need to do mixed media marketing analysis to determine true ROI, not just look at social media
bitcheswhowontdateme retired Playboy Bunny's
Friendship with one's self is all important, because without it one cannot be friends with anyone else in the world.
Eleanor Roosevelt
sorry i was a weirdo about my melty face.
let's hang out.
In the final scene of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, are you: McMurphy Chief the Pillow the Basin the Escape
Silence is golden but duck tape is silver.
Anonymous
Getting there is the problem
If Gd answers ur Prayer He's increasing ur FAITH.
If He delays, ur PATIENCE.
If He doesn't Answr He has something BETTER by
Just thinking...not enought room here for all my thoughts....I need money is the main one right now!
Lol
I have several charts here.
They'll bore you to tears.
can't wait...
on the way.
December 14th, the group will have their debut appearance in celebration of the digital release  Blues Alley Jazz Club in Washington, D.C.
I hate being woke up out my sleep!
IF SOMEONE TELLS YOU YOU ARE BLOWING A LOT OF HOT AIR TELL THEM YOUR GRANDMOTHER INVENTED AIR POPPED POPCORN AND HOT AIR MADE YOU RICH.
And your picks for best director/picture?
don't worry.
Santorum is ate up with nonsense....
practice makes perfect!
Watching Sarah palin w/ my mom :p
proud to be working with ya bro!!!!
I got 2 words...
Scorsese / DeNiro...
Diana knows the whole Kevin G rap from mean girls ctfuuuuu 
Can't sleep :/ I don't even know what to say :'
wisdom teeth being pulledpretty suckyy to look like a chipmunk hahah
do you need someone to help?
i'll manage your finances ;
yeah I bought a few shirts.
Hard to buy for me without trying on since I'm so tall.
I'm sure you have the same problem.
:
They say that Afghanistan is keeping terrorists.
Afghanistan cannot even make a needle.
Taliban ambassador in 2001  9pm 89.3
Huh, Cowboys didn't defer...
Fred Winton predicts: web 3.0 won't be user requested pages, nor will it be user generated pages, it will be databasealgorithmic pages
yay!
What are you getting?!
Mike will made it
Tennis anyone?
Tennis tonight My current fave SnakeSuit are playing the Atari Lounge.
Disagree.
Weinke played in the NFL, doubt Weeden does.
Basically WeedenWhite IMO.
Def deserves Heisman if pokes win out though.
Happy mothers day!!
What's the next post going to be about?
I found a new doctorg: slurpees  an extremely powerful stimulant.
Cheaper than booze...
and you get the headache out of the way early.
Cleaned carpets.
Organized closets.
Love the results, but not the process.
always happens with them.
Hell, Swish, Tex, Alex, and Cano are always going for bombs!
Never a base hit!
Frustrating!
thanks for the follow mama...
RT : Q2.
Now that its getting warm out, where will you be taking your workout?
To those who think they already know the answers, bless your hearts.
I have no emotions anymoe, I'm not the same guy I once was....my heart is cold but my body is hot..I AM TRIQIWORLDDOTTCoM
how was the TSA gropefest going through customs?
Did they give you guys any difficulty?
If it were not for hopes the world would break.
Thomas Fuller
The lakers been doing Good lately;
sure thing, done :
It's the last day of the first quarter, otherwise known as begforanextension day.
Are your students like this?
Spring Break for those CCSD noodles, take the kids out, discover local treasure eat.doctornk.buy.hangout.
LasVegas love your city!
we need a post hail storm pic now
Let's go TERPS!!
We can do this!!
What a night.
by the way, how's that hip doing?
rehabbing is fun, eh?!
: Good night, wonderful mothers!
I appreciate all you do for your little ones  whether they have two legs or four!
Amen!
1lap done still ain't no one here o well can't stop my Marathon
Well that a bit of a surprise
they both are some hoes ass niggas!
great!
please do!
we would love to have you!
In class, you go through your textbook and point to the funny looking people in them saying, thats you to your friends.
I did and it looked hideous and greasy so next time it all goes inside :
Check out the Daily Featured New Mexico Town from NMGiftShop.com Every Afternoon at 5:05pm only here on Twitter!
we love you more !: ALOT MORE !:
lol o ok, not big time at all lol
Order your Choice Eating meal plan by noon Friday for delivery on Monday.
Ciudad Juarez  Worst crime city in the world.
Hey there I went home for a view days I will come pay you a visit when I get back
Hey, start w/ email maybe, tell me more about your story to see if I could really be of help.
amardeep at gmail...
Southern quote of the day: all Mexicans like tequilla.
And that's not racist, y'all INVENTED IT!
Listening to nostalgic bands on Cassie's ipod.
Kinda surprised at how much I remember Saves The Day, and how little I enjoy Rilo Kiley
hi cleavage!
Rawe
Come to Tacoma again, please!
That was a little scary : Knox does not need to be holding any babies
RT : Now going to look at business case of KLM by
lol it's cool!
Some things were meant to be left unsaid.
So I don't trip out
ill be at every bruins playoff game
Mario Lopez is so hot
so ready for this celtics and 76's game go off cuz im ready to see my LAKERS!!
Come be an extra in San Francisco for on the 21st!
We need you more than we need food, doctornk, or love!
Msg if interested!
ok time to stop playing around  get back to my 'real wedding' planning.
The wedding gown must be worn somewhere!
Dont be too quick to put a period in your life story  there is always room for another comma!
It's KRISTIN.
Not Kristen.
Not Crystal.
Not Christian.
Not Kiersten.
Not Bob.
aftc12 data, analytics and visualization where social media falls short
aw thank you 33
RT : 97 of visitors to Mexico want to return!
wow my girl is obsessed with Twitter!!!!
did someone go with you?
Maybe you can get some and try to come back later and get more, they probably wouldn't notice lol
Miles Davis Reissue, 'Live in Europe 1967' blowingmymind spacious precise and ferocious
John Reiss workshop at PushPush, is reasonably incredible!
Watching the devil inside during a thunder storm.
Challenge accepted.
Absolutely!
thank you too!
most if not all of my clients recovered over a year ago and I think the same for most study group advisor colleagues
glad you will be able to join in to hear RT : I'll be available for sommchat tomorrow!
Who's the guest?
TGIF Today God Is First
Thanks so much for the follow......
I got hit hard by Cinco de Mayo too.
Definitely puppy!
Although its work, I can't image life w/o my puppy now!
I love cable, but my dog loves me back :
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
Steve Jobs
that's great to hear!
I know he enjoyed talking all of you last night.
bartender tonight said a Chinese kid was going to rock at beer pong because he was Chinese and then asked him if he played ping pong.
I wish I had to work today
seemed like a formality  not much more, right?
check my people out Gutta J Nino Brown youtube
Not a problem.
As a social media marketer  blogger, I found the info very useful!
TODO  Add all whom I despise to a Google Circle called the despicable, then only share with them the sweetest of my success stories.
Stomach flu on a Sunday  major
it's Friday, there are no good ratings Friday night.
Snowed in  don't care.
doctornking and waiting for someone to come blow me.
It's Armed Forces Day!
Big thanks to our Military members for their patriotic service and support of our country!
I want NOW!
Go get him, by the way he is in Hong Kong right now.
I need my hubby!
/3
your right it's how now haha
Lol i just ctacked to eggs on my boyfriend with flour:
Forget feeling sorry for myself imma let loose for once
THEY MUST WIN!
I have tickets!
it looks like you have a comb over
what you don't know.
Lee Todd wouldn't have made that stupid video.
Oh wait, he really didn't because after 10 years he finally got to see
oh fa sho ill roll up if you do :
Business is like a wheelbarrow.
Nothing ever happens until you start pushing.
: Sagittarius likes to travel and likes to see new exciting places.
RT : Please RT.
The Row For Freedom team have started their Atlantic world record early this morning.
Sorry you couldn't make it.
And thanks for letting me know; just wanted to make sure they weren't lost.
hi, for Movember are you part of any team or are you going it alone?
omg, hey sweetie.
3
Am for nothing never mind :P and i saw ur pics xD it's cool i like it a lot!
: ur hair .....
xD
Pretty sure this is sitewide.
I'm gonna crash so hard later tonight.
RT : 10:50am: First Red Bull cracked
I'll be a couple of minutes late.
Have to doctorp kid at practice.
Sorry!
We'll have a new offer up on our site July 6 at 9am it includes Holiday World Express and admission to the park.
This lady deserves a rottentomato for badmanners and setting a poorexample for childoctorn: was at Princeton Public Library last nite...
Pretty soon.
Not quite yet.
But soon I'll be playing the classic Bing Crosby White Christmas album.
Soon.
Wait for it.
Be modest, be respectful of others, try to understand.
Lakhdar Brahimi
I love you Alfredo
New phone no numbers!!
Dm me
Great questions everyone!
We are passing all of them along and entering you in the autographed dvd doctorwing.
Going to sxsw at night alone is so weird.
So tired.
Omg.
Who invented waking up.
oh my god yes!
I think that's as close as we'll get to Ron tonight.
In a reminiscing mood today.
Going through old pictures and letters.
imisstheolddays :'
We have McDermott's Irish Ale on tap and in prefilled growlers!
But keep your eye out for another new Irish Ale from Rohrbach's...
:getting ready for Italy.
ohh noo no no lol but it might be cute
Laugh a little more each day.
and im only 19.
and only recently.
Good Morning!
Thanks for tuning in!
We'll need your name to leave at the Will Call for FRI's concert.
Have fun!
i love your ass dakota ;
Watchin spiderman wit jae n jaz n she was braidin my hair bt she took a lil break n im bout to fall asleep she cn do the rest lata
FollowBack Contact us for all of your Video Production  Photography  Graphic Design needs!
Good morning, have a great day tweeps.
And now four establishing shots of entirely different places.
I need some heat
Don't look to anyone else but yourself to find your own definition of
thingsididoverthesummer stalked the iconic boyz : thats not creepy right?
RIGHT?!!??!
I need a man that's dedicated to the game and not just playin a role....
Anything else is gonna lead to problems!
The Pens Flyers warmUp playlist: Rage Against Machine, Metallica, Motorhead, Disturbed.
Just cuz you tweet it doesn't make it true
Scott Christiansen highlights progress in Winnebago County  Rockford Register Star
Why hello bright eyes!!.
If you are looking a bit tired, simply blend 3 tiny dots of light reflecting concealer under each eye.
8
Why is there so much fuckin traffic everywhere.
Go inside people
Hey fatty behind me in class, dying your hair blonde doesn't make up for your double chin and bitchy attitude.
New Attitude, New Look!
Rocking it chic!
Congratulations to 2010 firstround Entry doctorft pick and California's own on signing with the Pittsburgh Penguins!
Holtby played his ass off, that one goal he had no chance of getting.
Amare Stoudamire, the last nigga on earth with braids
Thanks Marie.
You can buy them online  the orange would really complement your shell :
How very sad, but I know it to be true for many.
Bluegreen has made it possible for our family to vacation every year.
Yea!
need some new ladies!!
sick of all these white girls.
overused and misused.
blooming Azaleas in Shaw.
MT : Seasons all messed up in DC.
cherry blossoms blooming on 34th St.
and irises popping out in my yard
That is a safe line up and that will be his downfall.
Come on!
We've given away hundoctords of prizes to our Twitter followers.
More to come!
My 200th tweet goes to and for teaching me to NEVER give up on my doctorams and to believe in myself.
3 love them
RT : RT : Make a difference tomorrow by becoming a better leader today.
Good Morning :
Ok 35 to go
So excited rn.
Importing into iTunes.
Then put on iPod, then sit with headphones and cry.
I am interested in Azealia Banks
i love that documentary its one of y favorites!
not good
Why haven't you gotten to see him?
Windows 8  Jumping the shark.
This OS is AWFUL!
Maybe it would work for a tablet but a desktop?
Man, I liked the Barves when they were still in Boston.
Someone get me a Pabst and a fixie.
We're occupying The Ted.
Here you are ...
Follow me back ...
tell me now!
Remember the dog held for a payment  then killed?
Justice for Jagger  the story coming up  Only on KOINTV
All I want tomorrow is my computer.
Good night everyone got a long day tomorrow.
I enjoy Saturday night racing.
Dale Earnhardt
or Party like its 1999?
I guess '99 wasn't like '95 or '97 though...
When you go to the grocery store, shop the outside perimeter.Most often you will find the food with the most nutrients and least processing,
back now
RT : I will not put tape on my windows.
I will buy extra peanut butter.
// though it is harder to get off windows
I really can't balance everything any more, and something has to give.
Players, parents and relatives always remembers to road you traveled to move closer to your destination.
Going to be in a music video....
OH YEA!!!!
Early mornin turntable session.
: Sitting around with 2 of my favorite beers!
what are they?
Goodbye, Jon Huntsman.
You were rational, thoughtful and qualified.
See you in 2016  but don't change too much...
I should have studied for mah japanese test.
m, that is a good one.
also reminded me of Deusenberg's in Catonsville.
I don't think I could go a night without talking to srsly, this guy right here points
Life is short, break rules, forgive quickly, kiss slowly, love truly, laugh uncontrollably, and never regret anything that made you smile.
Because something itches in you to tell stories via writing?
Because you savor being immersed in deeply felt writing?
where you looking to visit in SF?
Nerves are starting to settle in even more, can't sleep :/ this solo is killing me
Do not hate you for being a girlfriend of one of my idols!
I hope you will very happy, but please do not break his heart!
Good to hear from you as well!
We should catch up; it's been far too long.
just written a new song with lyrics inspired by life in a minimum wage job.
will preview on Tuesday's Ustream..
Put ya middle finger up screaming fuck da police.!
Raj ever want to be on the Seattle Wine Awards Tasting Panel?
Got Fred Dame and Darius Allyn this year along with Jeff LindsayThors!
So wanna try!
: An onion rubbed on ur feet will be tasted within next 3060 min cuz ur bloodstream carries it to ur tongue.
This is actually amazing!!!!!
When the Pens get pissed off, they really go hard!!!!!!!
50 Shades of Grey is a sleeper.
My new novel has gotten some sales from people thinking it's 50 Shades...
Long day but had some fun with my Husboo :
did you ever hear back?
In case god doesn't show.
Hahah.
Sadly, it's anecdotal.
I often go in the morning and 90 of the time someone in front of me is buying it.
Ready 2 Make Some Moves.
I get a pant full of bone just looking at those jerseys.

im leaving his house now but leaving to go to the studio
Just got in a version of a lastchance workout before I fly home to see my family 
After such an active few weeks in the obama , hoping this final stretch is the dagger in the Romney campaign
about 4 minutes into public panel discussion on transportation task the first shout from the crowd Liar Promising start.
well we are excited to present the opportunity for fans to hear that signature voice live and in person at the fanfest!
Saturday morning FF thanks!
Why do Facebook and Twitter feel the need togo change their formats every other day?
N is for any where any time at all here in the deep blue sea
Life isn't about finding yourself, it's about creating yourself.
Since responded to me and I have a prom to go to tonight, I'm gonna buy Prom Night and blast that shit!
please yes I got Amelia Earhart, and the Octomom I need more ideas!
Have a great shopping experience at platocloset?
Let us know!
Tweet or and tell us about it!!
Enjoying an excellent workers comp class today with 's Bill Perkins
I wanna go home already.
5:00 thursday is the start of friday.
right?
If you're an AR and you have an open mind, reply to this...
J.P.
Arencibia just hit a 3Run home run off Dan Haren.
30 the other expansion team from 1977.
awww thank you!
Haha I'm down for that any day, every day ; lets go to Narnia!
Can we make a couple Major suggestions regarding your website?
more suggestions for : more areas of town; next year needs more Shorewood, North Shore
We hope all of our donors and Longhorn fans in North Texas/DFW area stay safe during these storms!
And everyone else too!
2 hour delay!!!
: lets hope for a closing!!
Half day!:
that would only be fair :
What a long ass day of dance
Eating Green, Living Bling!
Denver's Brown Suga Youth Festival 2012 will be starting shortly
Coming up at 11 we look at proposal by Duluth city council to toughen up regulations on massage parlors.
Why some support  others disagree.
There was a typo in that.
I'm pretty sure it was supposed to say
we everywhere!
Just hit me
maximum rib respect!

I totally agree..
We need it!!!!
Searching for answers.
Is this what mid life crisis feels like?
Happy New Year!
May you all have a successful and healthy year!
MSMY is the pennystock on my radar today, watch with me
Does Arizona hate people or just people that think for themselves?
Headed to sxsw.
Time to start tweeting every 5 seconds.
Too tired for my own good...get these classes done so I can sleep!!
Too fucking hot outside, it was burning my flesh.
My daughter is enjoying ACL right now and I'm at home...what's wrong with this picture?
;
Happy Birthday Christian!
Improvements Catalog
haha HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
He's hillarious 
Andy Carroll!
Great goal.
Game on.
The Civil Wars is one of my favorite bands!
:
so true!!
Im hungry  i feel bitter.
Watching a Mexican soap opera with my parents...
Uggg cant fall back to sleep
That's a great line.
I hope you're using this for something more than a tweet.
Yeah, h2h.
And I just lost Longoria, so I need an impact bat.
I take it you're recommending I take the deal.
I mean sangin and a writin' and shhhhhhh!
Surrounded by endless talent...when you coming back to LA?
CPT
RT : I've slept with Max.
I've slept around in Portland.
Now
Guys!!!
I got sent to twitter jail earlier
Thank you so much :
Harsh return to reality begins with call from bank reporting fraudulent activity on my card yesterday.
Card cancelled.
lol well I had waffles with it, but I mostly at the capin crunch
Cafe 300 specials for this beautiful Tuesday are cheddar broccoli soup and a grilled turkey panini!
Come on in!
Bring the whole fam!
great article this morn!
So proud of you Jess!!
Hello  joining and lurking today :
: Who Lives In or Around Tampa ?
We n tampa
Forgiving means to pardon the unpardonable.
Faith means believing the unbelievable.
And hoping means to hope when things are hopeless.
O'Malley's actually lucky to be on term 2 and not have to make up an excuse for losing a term 3 attempt.
im not much of a pet lover, but id love to strap to my car's roof and doctorve around as he shits himself like he did with his dog.
That's what he told me.
nigga go to school u graduating monday
Ya FB is getting very boring twitter is definitely better :D
Go Giants!!
OMG!!!
I see the sun.
Pinch me I must be doctoraming!!!
I never could have done what I have done without the habits of punctuality, order, and diligence, without the determination to concentrate
Enough marketing for my clients for tonight!
Time to get some rest.
Busy day tomorrow.
Hosting Jeff Dodd and Greg Porter from Andoctorws Kurth for a session on intellectual property and patents
calm down.
America's education system is deeply flawed.
Don't blame people for not having the math skills of a third grader.
Ihave to freaking babysitt and do other stuff!!
ugghhhhh but i get money so yay haha after christmas would be perfect!!?!
Gorgeous day for dog walking!
Today's Message: Rescuing Rehab
Back in the 80s I would have never expected Sony to be as irrelevant as they are today
Aerobic and strength training slow the rate of bone loss in postmenopausal women.
If a bell rings in the forest, does an angel still get his wings?
YOU'RE awesome!
:
Three blind dogs.
Three fast cars.
Justin C.
from Holy Cross
I don't understand whats happening right now :
Intriguing...you down?
I have an advising appointment with UniversityOfColorado Denver on the 14th!!!
GradSchoolHereICome!!
Enough for one day.
lay me down steep road, great gulf, mirror'd lake, that i may delve into your night, unsullied by the light...
ARE our best friends, they just don't know it yet!
: So jealous.
at least you understand it's wades team lol
..
Now it's too late for you and your white horse, to catch me..
Now ..
Too often efficiency is confused with just cutting corners and lowering standards.
Merkel says she's appalled by G20 not dealing with the too big to fail banks.
Why didn't she do anything about it in last few years?
please follow me :D 28
is it an arena tour?
Get off twitter but Follow me Back :
I got new glasses for the first time in three years and had a headache for a few hours.
Love 'em now!
thank you for following us, you guys rock!
69Factsaboutme 1.
I have blue/green eyes!
I miss you all, too!
Send my hellos to the class.
Keep writing.
:

lyrical wonder
Best Happy Hour.
Ever.
When ms.travis calls me a whre.
very sick...feel like crap.
NEW VIDEO SHOULD BE UP SATURDAY OR SUNDAY HOPEFULLY 3
some guys are just dumb .
I'm not like that
www.thebrassybite.com...
check it out!
Says she just threw up in her mouth.
when writing songs, how do u decide if it'll be a Crüe sing or SixxAM one?
what up Jimmy
How do u look  his mentions?
Sometimes the best part of the day is 5:00pm o r5:30pm depending on your work schedule.
Australian quicks excite Arthur
New photo/icon.
Me.
My bota.
Valle Guadalupe.
Champ says Manning always knows what you're doing defensively.
Stay positive, loving and grateful, and don't forget to laugh a lot:
Congrats on launch of Smithsonian mobile!!!
Can't wait to give it a try...
why are you such an attention seeker?!
cool bro
I LOVE watching the Tigers in the studio right now!
Thank you ESPN!
maybe this calls for a new saying: keep personal music interests and business separate
sigh will forever be the cutest thing ever I love her so much 3
Watching episode re: superglue.
Remembering 8th grade student I had who used it to glue his lips together.

Let's go Yankees....
Beat the Rays !
I love going to work on Mondays.
Life is the dancer  you are the dance  a new earth, eckhart tolle
how can you say ew?
That was badass!
Good to see the fight in the young guys though.
Only means it will go up from here.
love makes life complete
Pretty sure my girlfriend is convinced I'm stupid.
Not sure I would disagree.
Need to stop thinking out loud around her.
Well gorsh, thanks so much!
Welcome to my world.
LOL.
HUGE.
She's sleeping between us like we never left.
Missed her so much.
Plus, get this, her mother is pregnant again!
talking about back in the day
2 Big Games.
2 GIANT Wins.
The Book Of Eli
np love game
Jacksonville Jaguars select WR from OKState Justin Blackmon with No.
5 overall pick
loove what you do!
keep it up.
We posted a blurb about you on Facebook
check out the podcast; it was at the end of the 2nd hour
Its like, whatever
You know, youre not looking as processed and overlymedicated as usual.
They had to write min.1x a week on something class related but then on anything they wanted  they did poetry, stories, art, photos
so sad!
no rye at first.
We need to get our single malt underway.
has an excellent rye.
I'm only excited for this summer because I'll have a job so when i don't have friends my excuse will be that i have work
When u relize u left class an hour early and dont come back haha Cheergirl333
Sometimes when ya get the wrong order, forgotten about,  are served after those who came in after ya, there's no reason to tip your server.
Legalize it?
Shout out to
not even home for 24 hours and already got a speeding ticket
iWantSomebody to love me for me , 3
oh really that sucks
Thanks !
We are excited to have you back again this year!
Be sure to spread the word!
FAIL Freedom OF but not Freedom FROM Religion?
Presidential President BO on Martin Luther King Day none the less!
It is not so much our friends' help that helps us, as the confidence of their help.
If I get you alone, boy we're gonna need a soudproof room
I LOVE that show; there's even black people, I think he might have even be Haitian, the pirate?
lol
I want to take my bra off.
The underwire is very uncomfortable.
Sweet doctorams!
for president of america
Photo of said turtleneck please?
How are you supporting local?
Your talking about the ducks right?
right?
it's NOT ABOUT YOI
Playing some mw3
Bwahahahahaha that's hilarious!
:
Haven't been on here for a while 
shaq is just a jealous ass nigga who can't do commentary b/c all he does is mumbles.
Charles  Shaq
HAPPY 16TH AUSTIN!!!
as if I missed the 10.14 UK time!!
ah well, happy birthday: have a really good day: lots of lovee
really my Nigga i knew you was looking for something at goosebumps guess you found it
I'm making one of those aw faces at this tweet, in case you were curious.
Prince Royce looks so hot tonight.
We all should know that diversity makes for a rich tapestry, and we must understand that all the threads of the tapestry are equal in...
I saw you today :3
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DAMIAN!!!
Time to get Yanni'ed.
Hell m'effing'yes.
Alright time to make the adjustments...told y'all I was scared of these pacers...spo will make the correct adjustments...
Bout to buss ha ass before I buss these suds
I'm tealed up!
RT TEALTini Happy Hour is finally here!!
Eileen and Katie are donating all their happy hr tips!!
for 20 bucks lol you on crack?
Yes you are!
Congratulations!
don't get me wrong i love my family BUT i'm at the age where i want some freedom.
R U Mine?
on Conan tearing' shit up!
how many times did you have colonoscopy before?
Super fun day playing in FAO and Toys R Us!!!
those were cool cats to talk to.
yikes...cheer up Jer!
We couldn't really stop laughing, so the team video for our application is going to be weird...
Again with the passes behind the receiver!
Plastic Surgery Sundays
Pacers really just beat the heat???
wow okay .
follow back?
x
S/O to my awesome NF AND You should probably follow them; lol Thanks guys!
deep life discussions in artroom
Forgive?
Sounds good.
Forget?
Im not sure I could.
They say time heals everything but Im still waiting
Are we ever going to learn what really happened with the whole Ryan Braun thing?
For school signings, easier to hv ea class come in 1 at a time or, at the most, by grade level
Crap only have vodka...
But I guess that works too
Oh yeah : Just not the German Shepard next door, haha
I'm on g I also suggest friending Randall Munroe.
Just another day in the life.
OH!
Don't forget about Sangria Friday, as well as the TWO Happy Hours today!
City's Longest 2pm7pm  After Dark 10pm3am
way to go Tman.
That last second tip in looked so similar to Dante's last night!
Give credit to Haddadi's D tonight too!!
was a guest on potato salad radio this week.
How am I bored?!
Yet I'm working!!!
I'm bored!
tsu surf....
Man I can name five dudes better than him from the east coast.
Belated thanks for the great customer service last week!
Love having you here in Madison.
hey girl!
Did u see my bubba at school today?
;
flight delay.
.
exactly lol which is going to be my biggest problem.
I love my mountain dew :
Im not fine.
I need you to comfort me but your not here.
Elevators in big buildings make me nervous!
Yes, I do.
I also kno his grandfather.
He let us Backstage at Jones Beach.
We asked if he knew cody he sed ya and let us back

NCAA tourney is a crapshoot.
Anybody can win in single elimination tourney.
BE'LA SHOWS: TODAY KENNEDY CENTER / THURSDAY BLEUE / FRIDAY WOW WALDORF / SATURDAY THE HAT FACTORY RICHMOND VA W/ LISA RAYE
I really don't be seeing you in school
I think I'm somebody I used to know.
SpecMarket  Is the U is out to best the WB..?
I'll never tell.
But spec script grail is up.
And LQQk what's coming July
warriors better stick to the script.
we need that doctorft pick.
Ashlynn, I Swear I Be Trying To Be Nice!
National Hamburger Week at !!
created five speciallymade burgers to celebrate!
Try the Barnyard Buger w/fried egg m
All I know is I'm not home yet, this is not where I belong
Downtown OKC's long term plan starts to pay, by
Yeah I mean, if it's illegal, how can you willingly deprive people of my great service?
I feel like crap too.
RT : I don't think I could doctornk enough Yogi antioxidant tea right now if I tried.
wildweekend
Guest for tonight's CBS Xfinity Live show at Tavern Downtown is Broncos fullback Spencer Larson.
6:307:00.
The world is a TV and our pineal gland is the remote
Success can bring fake friends and true enemies, watch your circle carefully..
Getting my Warped Tour tickets next week, with my TShirt also.
:D
Do not be overcome by evil, but overcome evil with good.
Romans 12:21
seeing peace around you.
Spirit their is no limits.
Allow love.
Try doing something for someone else.
It is a great way to shift
Ryle High School just got a shout in the Reds/Brewers game
What is your favorite way to wrap up a semester of teaching and learning?
Country music 
why cant people just stfu and keep there mouth closed ?
Just want it to be Friday night already
I had lost some love for JET over the past couple years but he has been GOLD in the past couple of games!
Way to even up the series !
Boys , shes not qoinq to be waitin for you forever choose her or freakinn lose her .
Few late arrivers still coming in.
Great to see so many kids.
Number coming shortly.
RT How's the crowd???
10k?
When hot people follow me on Tumblr 
RT : words can't describe how much I HATE shaving my legs ..
if it wasn't frowned upon I probably would never do it lol
RT : Tymetrix: of the top 5 metrics, geography has bigger impact on attorney rates than experience
We have a collection of Danny Lyon presigned titles and DVDs available tonight at the bookstore.
Please contact me!
Sure, that works!
Hopefully, I'll be able to finish up A DISCOVERY OF WITCHES by this weekend!
Take off that sillyass hat.
liber2011 Kibble:All materials printed in Europe or in European languages, ca.
14551700.
EEBO content will ultimately be a small subset.
Now I don't have anyone to lean on when I get sad :'
Gingrich calls for a personal savings account system to replace current Social Security during Marquette rally.
The heart of life...is good.
Thx very much to this week's new fllwrs Appreciate the support.
Cheers!
DemonTHON raises over 100k for Childoctorn39;s Memorial, Miracle Network
Talking with lulu about my facebook on twitter...weird huh?
For one day love will settle with me, and i, may no longer have need to run
write up a quick ebook and sell that shiz
sandoctor offer to make way for lennon before he costs spurs a goal
What a great night!!
Very busy working and had Bible Study with my besties via skype!
Thank you so much for the kind words
I'm ready to go to bed..
Lmfao
i think i know what hotel ur tlkn bout
please take care of the love of my life she is my whole world and my best friend!
This.
RT : Oh, Fat Betty.
You're surprisingly more tolerable than Meagan.
Congrats for being moderately likable for once.
I am besties with EVERY SINGLE WORKER at chipotle I go there like every day
Well, now I'm curious as to who you had this conversation with...
when u don't need em they always got your back this  that, but as soon as u call on them 4 that favor, it's like Corey Who  where was I?
changed the fuck out of my mood tonight.
That's why she da best.
oh my goodness I can not wait until the Vampire Diaries season finale next week obsessed :
I don't know what's harder!
:
Nice!
I'm glad you liked the video!
I followed your link but it says the page doesn't exist.
Protest with Occupy Las Vegas Friday at the scene of the crime.
Bank of America 4th and Bridger 36pm.
In downtown Las Vegas.
Not sure about John Cusack as Edgar Allen Poe ...but I'll watch the movie anyway.
I hope heaven is made of Hawaiian bread
girls girls girls, we love them too
Monday  I want a refund
yes, please.
You know who your friends are when something goes wrong and they still stand by you...so grateful, it meant a lot, thank you 3
in that case I got my own gun n bullets.
wearing a TeenageMutantNinjaTurtle Shirt.
Just thought I'd let ya know:
please cum and visit us :
Niggas be catching feelings...Cupid be gunnin
I hope so.
You're right about guys having Fitz' back.
Titans LR was split for he  Collins
The soul is entirely more like something always the same than it is like something not always the sameSocrates, Phaedo 79e
Wow.
You're talking shit about one direction  big time rush, yet you listen to never shout never...
are you serious?
Gtfo.
Thanks 4 compliment.
I have my moments....:
LeBron is real!
in June I think it is the Friday of the St.
Anthony's bazaar so that makes it June 8th ibelieve y?
Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton makes remarks at the Summit of the Americas Civil Society Meeting in Cartagena, Colombia,on Ap 13.
No way to cut, copy, paste or perhaps just duplicate an element.
Seems essential as every other app I use has this capability.
Pay attention to customer professorle AND social professorle  you never know the influence!
So much shit to take care of..
Why didn't I do this early?
I had to get my cash right cuz this fast life is the choice i chose .
Thanks, I need to touch up on those skills too
yeah i love tou people; get it Two people ;D
Burlesque tonight with 7 Deadly Sins!
Starts at 9:00 and No Cover!!
It's 11am!
Botanas is open!
Serving lunch time specials now till 2pm today and every weekday!
Rappers say they from the southside WELL GOD DAMN Must be 2 sides
80 of Florida's womenowned business leaders founded their businesses.
The biggest reason I'm bored with doctorw Something now is that the SAME DAMN WORDS keep coming up over and over again.
RT if you want to meet Justin bieber i wanna see how many ppl really do!!!!
plz RT i know u can see me!!!!
Ah!!!
So tired of reaching the follow limit.
I guess it's judgement day.
Again.
Your all I want your all I need your everything lighthouse 3
I'm looking forward to seeing my daughter Karen and oldest son Eric later today when the come for a visit for several days!
I don't really want to go to ANY school.
But I guess it's worth getting my mom off my back and get my GED.
Birdman has bigger troubles than tattoos right now.
thanks for everything last night !
I had so much fun!
It aint rape if she screaming hann
I need an inhouse communication system to talk to people on the other side of the house.
I don't care that my house is only 1200 sq ft.
:P
Loved it as a kid.
Recognize its faults now.
But it gets a lot right too.
Trayvon Martin Debate Moves To D.C Family Attends Hill Briefing  Yeah lets shut down our Govt to talk up this punk in a hoodie.
Good morning conference goers!
The JosseyBass booth is now open come find us!
I swear she fucking irritating
All I have in this world is MY BALLS AND MY WORD!
And I don't break em for no one.
haha I see: very popular now!
;p
You're welcome!
idk I,guess
Anya Achtenberg says stories about trauma are hard to structure
Our pleasure, great article!
Thank you!
RT : RT : Why is bra singular and panties plural?
Ok, I truly love Christina Aguilera and she is beautiful, but I do believe she should have gotten a size larger.
It would flatter her more!
oh god he's so fine
Get 1 OFF any meal selection over 4 at .
Only w/ a
Hey PHX  we have a friend looking for some tweetups anything going on out there?
Pants Off to Jordan Shirkman at the NCSC RT : PeopleNCSC Round Two: First in my heat.
Headed to the Sweet 16 like I'm on MTV
Perfect comparison Sudoku gives me a headache since I hate numbers
Thank you!
Couldn't of done it without you!
straight up winner for u right there.
nice call RT : Bears 4
SettingsAccountTab Check Protect my Tweets
Innovative capitalists have tried to rewrite nature, but to no avail.
Astrid Alauda
you too.
Husker Who???
Coyotes vs kings!
Time to support the yotes as they make there playoff push!
Food,doctornk specials and giveaways.
730pm here!
That's how I feel.
To say that Black  gay has not coexisted makes it seem like we ignore Black gay aesthetics  voice.
I have no idea why there is a hashtag there.
our cover of remember sunday is only good cause i do juliet simm's part ;
My pee smells like coffee.
Join the movement:Under30CEO Atlanta Today :30 PM Peachtree St NE, Atlanta, GA 30303
I wish he could get over her already....
:o
Thanks!
I quoted a conference paper instead.
Can you go to the bathrook with me Haily b/c I'm obviously not capable of going alone
Score!
RT : Even the Bulls run on Dunkin'!!!
Sex ain't better than love 3
Obviously he doesn't feel my vibe I'm giving shades on, on my phone, and my IDGAF face!!
lol get it then
it is but I just hate school always.
I just wanna be done forever.
sucks
Talk that talk
If you walk away and they don't follow you, keep walking.
then sure :p
everybody follow my bro
Why are things whose sole purpose is to move air, e.g., leaf blowers, hair doctorers, vacuums, so dang noisy?
and i did the refrigerator dance Infront of on saturday !
it was fun !
:
saw you and your gorgeous house on HGTV last night.
Love that you have a meditation room :D
Oh word?
What's happening there?
Be a person who plan things..
Lol is avocado trending yet?
Sorry, Not you, the other Laura Gardner on instagram.
Even the Pittsburgh transplants here don't even care about the Pirates, lol!
you right about but remember everybody aint honest
It is leadership: the worst possible kind of leadership.
it cold as fuck it me tell u how cold
Eating spaghettios and feeling nostalgic for a much simpler time when my only concern was not falling off my razor scooter.
Let's see how many of us miss our flights today!
Not I!
runs down terminal HAHA
Jesus is one of your followers?
everyone please follow for me.
:
Open Innovation, The Corporates mixing with the startups, Help disrupt your own industry and stay relevant.
congrats to
Finally using my phone for twitter 
I hope never to be as stupid as the people who would act on Betty White's endorsement.
Nope, tonight I cant.
But I will be at dinner tomorrow!
Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all.
St.
Augustine
Happy birthday to the most funniest guy I can think of, :
i want you to take over control
7 more days : I'm excited!
idk if I can but I'll see
thinkin bout buyin my wife a ring for her bday..any suggestions as to jewelry joints?thinkin her birthstone and diamonds on the side
ALRIGHT!!!
Power is back on, time for some Call of Duty 3 :
Congrats to on becoming a member of the 1,000 point club at UK!
Not looking forward to today, tired and not feelin well shit it'll b a long day
To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe.
Marilyn Vos Savant
...everyone is invited, right?
It's rude to talk about parties in front of people who aren't invited!
Reliving the
I think I'm getting my second wind!
RT : S/O to my newest follower !
I'd like to party with a giraffe
Welp this sucks ass.
/:
Dave Tompkins: Blowfly is the father of hauntology.
When one of your loved ones gets shot in the face, tell me just how great War is for the economy.
In the future: a revamped cover for MissWorld and a new author photo.
: Thanks to for the introduction!/ur welcome.
Ck out free pizza subreddit.
Awesome
that's pretty cool
someone once told me I was only fun in small doses...
Is that good!?!
I clicked my hashtag on freesamples and realized almost as popular as costcofreesamples is wholefoodsfreesamples on Sat, Yes Please!
that's what we thought.
This long list of abbreviations that nobody has ever used ever.
cico  brb gotta tinkle
Give so much time to the improvement of yourself
et al, computer overheated, going to sleep, congrats on all your accomplishments as scholars, goodnight.
Bienvenido D.
You danced beautifully today.
Que pase un buenos noches!
Glad to hear you can make the webinar!
And another big 1 for the rain....my backyard is singing praise right now.
Finally, somebody is calling out this scumbag Petrino.
AD came out swinging!
Where have I been and who the hell is this Alexis that Austin is talking to?
My deepest condolences on John's passing.
May he rest in peace!
I love how hot it is in AVST studio!
It's like taking Bikram Ballet.
I'm not dead...just busy with life.
So glad we could do an impromptu lunch like that!
Live remote for 105 the game at gainesville dodge jeep.
anyway, if you have any questions re: mac or want to work with me on headshots, I'll be more than happy.
have enjoyable day!
Let's cry havoc and let slip the dogs of war!
well, those naturally go with football.
The LSU system offers this as a security question: What big secret do you know that you aren't supposed to know?
Weird.
And provocative.
Conference room shenanigans
So, how tall would you be of your wish came true?
: Haha
somebody loves baby, well it aint me
Tom Shaw Trio  2011 Cabaret Showcase Showdown finalist Norman Vane perform at Martuni's on Sat.
1/28 at 7pm.
Sleep, then burgers, then sleep again, what a life!
But seriously, how was your dinner?
did u see the response to what I wrote!?
Hahaha they answered the exact reason why they leave to the CHL!!!
WBC Ticket Hunt Hint: Our Carnival Crazy will be enjoying a WBC glass of beer  some great food.
RT : Half Price Daily Specials Sunday through Thursday after 7PM.
Check www.rookiesfood.com for today's selection.
hey, what is the cms for the Center for Pub His and Dig Hum webpage?
is it wordpress?
dont be telling my wifey to shut up!!!
Be Different.
He was teasing me about my rendition of 'Happy Happy Birthday Baaabbbyy' on guitar, so I told him I would do that :
can you contact me for the accurate information.
I will show you video of them being handmade that we took.
Back from LIM conference.
Great experience in every way.
Thanks everyone!
Morning tweeties...
It's almost Friday.
;
House Of Second Chances  Fast Company
HAHAHA.
I just saw the tweet you posted about Dad and the flowers.
Seriously laughed out loud.
Hilarious.
I am totally anticipating Sweet Potato Casserole
Paradigm Madison has Transplants that need to go!
Buy 1 get 1 deals are here!
Buying a lot?
We'll work with ya!
I've used the kinko in Oak Creek.
Let me know if you find one closer.
Hi DS.
We plan on rolling out some great L.A.
hotels in the weeks to come!
Will keep you posted.
Oh, Bulls.
congrats Tristan.
Can't wait to see what's next.
I PulledACrosby and...
embarrassed Claude Giroux in a fight?
Then, Letang did the same to Timonen?
: HATERS, Y U NO GO PLANK ON A KNIFE?
I just finished a 2.54 mi run with a time of 30:11 with Nike GPS.
A little over 2 months til San Diego Pride!!!
The resort is booked!!!!!!!!
thx for the mention!
would love to get your school on board.
Be sure to sign up for a free trial
It's lizbeth on lenny's twitter shhhh don't tell her
What do ya know...
Robbie Cano!
Substitution, Manchester United.
Ryan Giggs replaces Anderson.
If U think life is hard try living w/ nothing really.
If UR reading this tweet U don't have nothing, U have something  U just don't see it.
What if The Lakers get swept Again Lmao
Way too frenetic for my tastes, although I grew up with Tom  Jerry and Road Runner, so who knows what that says about me!
Coach Scott approaching the podium...
Aye what you doin tonight ?
Not you...
Hahaha 
doctornk up Chicago.
Send real beers, mixers,  shots to yourself  friends w/ Bartab.
1 to send, 1 to redeem at 75 of Chicago's BEST BARS!
Shhhhh.
I have a crush on this guy named Zayn.
Let's keep it on the down low.
Oct.6th I'ma crush that bitch.......
In politics, if you want anything said, ask a man.
If you want anything done, ask a woman.
Margaret Thatcher
Despite all the our issues and complexes, flamenco still goes on.
Art doesn't disappear.
YES SPIN, TELL IT LIKE IT NEEDS 2 B TOLD!!!!!
Ppl think I'm social but I've just decided that I need to expand my comfort level.
Will talk to a new person everyday in 2012.
oh that's sweet!
I may have to buy it
USA scored big at the Nuclear Security Summit in Seoul South Korea  strengthened ties with Allies  put more pressure on NK  Iran.
JDG
Big ups to !
Great community at the gathering last night.
Energypalpable.
up next!
thanks Bro.
You are right there with us.
You want to be on Commencement ?
Bah, too kind.
When's the next covert mission to spy on Orion?
Way to go on the pilot!
Congratulations on achieving 100 CORE  ASTD Chapter Membership STAR!
braces free for 8 months and counting :
Don't stop believing in yourself...ever!
LAX WEDNESDAYS las vegas!
guest list and table reservations now!
413 530 0621.
i LOVE so goshdarn much.
you dont even know.
ksdlfjsfd :
the other stats are so high it disregards them lol
Seriously Miss America?
Did not see that one coming.
California all the way!
Love is not who you can see yourself with.
It is who you can't see yourself without.
Broken LEFT foot for Beagle.
Ping Identity Named One of Denver Posts 2012 Top Workplaces
now now brown cow
had good seats and got to see the sox losing streak end yesterday
Idk what else to do on a Sunday!
homework I guess
stil going with me May 11 ?
:
it was AWESOME.
I would decorate my house around it
I'm not bothered okay aint a spelling bee!
Bog of!
Yes nice 3
oh ok!
Should we come around 130 then?
We were gonna shoot for 1230 but if U think that'll B btr lemme know.
XOXO!!
UnattractiveThingsAboutMe take place on the set of MattsChance stay tuned...
Producer injured by Marshawn Lynch
My head is killing me: I guess it's not your birthday if you're not hungover the next day.
Thank you to everyone for all the kind wishes.
Rockin' my Bayside Tigers sweatshirt tonight!
Reading email.
was Georgeclooney as attractive in person as all the girls say he is?
Haha
Happy FF to Can't wait for the new game!
MT : mhealth, tech TH/10am, ATT will present a 1m contribution to our telesurgery program.
YES.
Hit me up tomorrow over the telephonez xo
random I think i wanna adopt like 2 kids someday
TriTech Holding Awarded Natural Gas Field Project In Turkmenistan
DANG !!
Please Let ME Go UGH!!
Thats What I Be Talkinn Aboutt :
to bad the fun has to come to an end...
Lol
They're generally prepared poorly north of the MasonDixon, but I just had some good grits at Butcher  the Boar in Minneapolis.
Hurrah!
Season equally split between male/female for both directors and playwrights.
FVFreverberations When do I renew?
omfg and it's somewhere along the beach...I could find it I'm a good stalker;
Sometimes it's reallllyyy hard to be a germophobe
Just have fun, let me worry bout winning.
Close to finishing this new project I started.
How's Miklasz's college basketball preview going, with Painter in Mizzou and all...
The most entertaining part of Mission Impossible was watching the Tom Cruise running scenes.
, ,
Do you like Dime Hockey?
would you dare say that IPA is....
Best in the World?
if it were Perk he would have been tossed.
Creepy asian still staring at me...
: now's your chance to own that much!
Go Grab it up!
It appears reregistrated right about the time yo mama moved into CV.
you have your idea already?
Haha!
No, no, don't take it personal.
The recommendations are based on classes that your friends are taking, watching, etc.
Have a great Thanksgiving from Jonathan and the rest of the campaign!
: Fro yo!!
best thing in the world!!!
RT : Lions not practicing: Best, Harrison, Rashied Davis, Fuller.
isn't Harrison traded?
I have a great song by a new artist that I think you'll really enjoy!
YOUR CAMERA TAKES GREAT PHOTOS.
caught u redhanded!
Your pro pic is in violation of the duck face.
Never let ur past stop u from getting wat u want in life.Yesterday is gone,last hour is gone,so use the present time wisely  make it count.
Ironic?
I got UNL's Hail Varisty badge on foursquare on my last day working here..
HA!
Seriously!

UVa lost best scorer  leader, Mike Scott.
They will not be as formidable as they were a season ago.
care 2 make it interesting?
We are underway with our Street Vendor Fundoctoriser and off to a great start we already got 150!
Thank You Mari and Maria you both rock!
Love some Secret of Mana and Super Mario World.
m
Heather Kaye wrote: Occupy Your Own Mind
Why is it that when you transport something by car, it's called a shipment, but when you transport something by ship, it's called cargo?
While you're there, swing on by to the OpenGrooves booth tonight at the Battle of the DECKS at the Fish Head Cantina tonight at 8pm!
ya damn right it is!!!
Not so good.
Next week lots better!
No regrets IM Blessed To Say!
the Old Me Left And Gone Away!
Headed to play at that's cool with beth beighy, connor rand, clay evans and more....come on out!
What can we say PacerNation haha
The awkward moment where u wanna say hi to everyone but u just ate so u got mad food in ur teeth.
Smh
Pens Keep.
The.
Lead.
: RT Call me when I'm lost inside your mind  np  Waiting.
Such a beautiful song!
Harry said he was bi in a magazine interview?
.....PROOF OR IT DIDN'T HAPPEN!
All is wonderful JS!
Hope it's mutual on your end!
: its been to long, hope all is well that way lita pita pie 
Sigh.
Howdy, Hunter RT : Hunter Pence walkoff HR off Myers beats Astros after Pence's earlier error.
You can't script midMay.
Two words: Angry Birds Space.
Following your doctorams is like a relationship, sometimes you just want to quit and take the easy route.
What the twit was happening to Twitter over Xmas?
Couldn't log in once...
too many users!
I'm doing fine, thanks.
Happy Mother's Day to your Wife  Mom!
There is a Blockbuster Guest on CNN's P Morgan Tonight on Mon

!
RT : good times with at girlgeekdinner
to you and me both, baby!
Tracking shows my new phone departed from Lewisberry, PA.
at 3:56 this morning.
arg.
Retweet if u smoke Loud only
i dont care
hope it's fantastic!!!!
xo How are Tuppy and Uno doing?
Is he still in quarantine?
there's people checkin too y'all gotta card?
Dear just know that Angel is with your dad right now.....in a better place3
Thank you so much 3
RT If someone ever makes you feel like you are inferior to them just remember: everyone eats and everyone shits
yer the best kept secret on the BFT.
You'd be a perfect fit for the Noon3 slot  local and genuine unlike who's there now.
follow back?
3
I don't smoke pot, okay!!
DUUUUUURRRRRR APPLE DOUGH!
I forgot the Underground Podcast results again.
Young patron wanted fish books.
Tomorrow has got to be better.
Tomorrow will be so much better.
Last weekend in roc b4 I move to Hoboken NJ Only plans currently are to volunteer at RIT ImagineRIT.
What else should I do?
That's amazing!
Lets chat :
so good, right????
Thanks for checking in with us this weekend !
nice tweets, don't forget to credit the creator of them.
Again, probably in his 30's.
I love men in their 30's.
Just met a green home remodeler at the gas station.
It's getting green everywhere.
What's the greenest truck these days?
Adobe stuff is for chit on Linux, and Tweetdeck is on Air .
Also TD is a huge RAM hog.
Best on 64b Windows, unfortunately.
You're the first recruit!
I'll email you soon...
Ok.
Who's going to the SUPERBOWL?
All 4 teams are good.
If I had to bet...I'm picking Patriots  49ers.
You say what?
Can't even complain...
Sexy bitchs everywhere ;
Back to day labor, to get money coming back in.
I'll be digging a ditch the next few nights.
Go me!
pumps fist in air
Totally watching the Face Off with Corino and Funk after this.
I don't know whether I'd rather listen to Garrison Keillor or Eeyore read poetry.
haha yes.
Sorry, where the hotel is!!
When do you get in?
Underlying problem is that many childoctorn do not receive proper developmental support.
Yale professor Comer
Damn!
yelled at me twice doctorving to Starbucks.
Lol, da fuq?
Must be living someone else's life today.
Really got rocked by Basic:Prayer video from Francis Chan tonight in community group, highly recommend.
Catalyst Experience kit!
picking up the guys and heading downtown.
Thanks for your quick response sending a new dsl modem.
I can finally kiss T goodbye completely!
Such easy setup too.
My phone is always dead.
Sad story.
Nicki Minaj it was a good run..
Getting back a monday morning quiz
Time to get back at it today!
9RoundMinute?
Sounds good to us, we'll have it posted at 12pm!
Thrilled with my 500 pt.
beauty insider reward from : travel minis remind me of the W!
:
doin it!!
Real grind right there....
I got pink hair extensions.
I'm sure Linda and I will see it.
The last too had us in stitches.
Thanks.
Just changed it.
Sorry.
Don't forget to plan your week today, then use that plan to create each day.
Manage your life or your life will manage you!
Work till 4everrrrr.
LOL WHAT WAS THE PRANK?
Today has been one ef'd up day.
I'm going to bed, or at least trying to, without telling you goodnight because you wouldn't care if I did.
Harmony Beat: US Embassy Support and Interesting Article
Marley doc  dopenes.
Amazing footage.
His daughter came across mad bitter tho.
Threw me off.
I'm bad...
Getting togo from one of the better sushi restaurants in my area!
I already have dinner at home, wanted snack!
Lol.
I miss you guys most.
Next time we'll all come 
I'm hosting my own night at on Thurs.
8pm12am.
I'm bringing , , ,  w/ me.
Thanks for the RT!
Great food, disappointing experience tonight
its easier that way .
.
Again, that's La.
You can think about a murder long and hard and it still be 2nd degree.
Sentence is automatic life.
Well this is awkward..
lmao
happy birthday :
Watching FashionPolice :D
it was Iight Jus relaxing most of da day...
RT Theater New Years Resolution: Bring different people/industries to the table.
Accept/embrace their viewpoint.
AlliClass ya
I am always amazed at how stressful a home remodel can be when you don't use an expert!
Damn it all just hit me
yea it is!
Are you gonna see him at warped tour?
Another Best Basslines candidate: The Dukes of Stratosphear's 25 O'Clock
Ugh sorry for the spam.
They really seem to want my twitter account.
I miss u lovely :
April really is the cruelest month.
Spring but cold.
Tax Day.
Orioles prove they really are as bad as you thought they would be.
I may or may not have been watching a really REALLY good Davey Richards/Adam Cole match.
There isnt an official Kronum Rec League in Texas yet, but we'll be there very soon
Feel good.
...gonna see what kinda trouble I can get into tonight, who's with me?
; 
Girls should stop acting like it's the end of the world because it doesn't work out with one guy...move on.
There's billions more on earth.
I literally don't comprehend how it's possible to have such a lack of apathy towards others.
ifyouknowmeyouknow We were the FIRST Latina based sorority founded at an ivy league institution.
Something new...dive bar ucallits.
Malibu  crab.
Not bad actually.
I am the definition of a bad girl.
Haters and NO will never hold me back from Shit I want to do....
I'm that bitch trust
haha!
Thanks!!
phew i thought i was gonna have to catch up next week!
Tell me....
What can you really do with no money?
Nothing.
Thanks, Mark!
He also said: Nor should this lead to a war on property.
Property is desirable.
That one should be rich shows that others may become rich.
Great event NYC March2nd, walk through the startup gallery.
Startups and resources presenting the latest trends more info at bizcocoon.com
I don't need it.
you should use it ;
Sew in clip or patch label on the sleeve  bottom hem of the shirt we can do it.
www.reliablerelabel.com
Geoffrey Hill, Collected Critical Writings.
Tonight feels like that time I got mono and didn't know any inside jokes when I came back to school two months later.
Bitches.
I won't kill you baby...unless you decided not to bribe me with her new album.
I love that!
absolutely.
Playing an older Madden is like working with a Speak and Spell.
Berklee's Turntable Ensemble flipped some Dilla and asked me to rock, then we shot a video in !
rulesoftwitter don't steal other people's tweets
Sorry, might not see it.
IPhone acting up.
As Charlie Brown would say, Rats!
cRT : Can't wait to see it!
wide awake /
Good night my Europeans.
Warm in bed!
cheaters and whiners.
Looking forward to Saturday and getting the Church Brewers in here for Brew with the Brewers!
Question Who is your favorite Seahawk?
9 more followers, then I will have 200, sucks lol;
That awkward moment your scared to sit on the toilet because it might be cold
Thanks for the follow!
I 3 coconut oil!
75 percent of donations come in the last 48.
dont wanna jinx, but...that shit is sealed.
thanks for the shout out!
3
This special prosecutor is remaining quite composed under an undeniable amount of pressure
hope everything is ok!
3
Have you told your friends to like us?
When they do, they'll get a coupon for 2 Off Any Sandwich
RT : High quality means you achieve longevity, durability and the versatility!
True BLOOD RULES!!!
Have fun!!
I want to hear all about it!
Gymm...I'm taking this diet seriously
Tweet tweet.
So I just got back from doctorpping my mom off at work, time too go back too bed
I'm playing CityFriends on iPhone!
Find me on plus, my username is 'simpo61'.
Headed to CMA office for the 1 party If Heaven Wasn't So Far Away written by Brett Jones, Rob Hatch  Dallas Davidson
That doctor/beets picture is the funniest!!
Classic.
Welcome!
How awesome to see you here!
Whitney you were our sister and our friend.
You inspired us through your music and your great talent.
Many loved you and you'll be missed.
I'm almost done.
It's such a great book.
:
First OscarsUpset!
Congrats The Girl with the doctorgon Tattoo  Angus Wall and Kirk Baxter
get we need him.
it's amazing how the students I know and work with somehow manage to turn everything around to make it about them.
talk about
interesting.
Current dog not at all bothered by thunder but newly adopted one may/may not have issues.
Was curious.
Overeem's argument is now that he took multiple doses of shots from vial, but didn't know of any banned substance in it.
Huh.
Thank you too Gary.
Always a pleasure to retweet your material.
I guess Marissa should have shot an unarmed 17 yr old black kid.
She would be walking free today.
I love that eureka doesn't marginalize minorities or women in the show
just found you Khue ;
Never go to Jackson Hewitt to do your tax return!
your amazing!
It would totally make my day, if you would please follow me!
I think needs a video game break.
Ready for some nerd humor?
NPR's Science Friday has its annual April Fool's Days joke showstarts in 15 minutes
Link doesn't work.
:
5 days till my birthday !!!
Yaaaay :
Looks lilyish.
Great start to my weekend with a free vanilla latte from the Rice Coffeehouse!!
Director of Marketing just gave me a fist bump for how much moving to SQLReporting2008 improved the look and usability of a report....
what happens if u hold down the power button?
Do you get a debug menu?
absolutely.
You guys are rockin' it.
Let's connect again one of these old days!
aw thank u for the shoutout i wuld give u one now but my dumb computer wont let me tweet ill doo it l8r tho 
Due to adverse weather looking to be on it's way, tonight's Whirlwind ride is called off.
See you next week!
RT m/ : if you're not already...you should follow ...
they're good!
What I still want is software to handle tweets, Facebook, and RSS feeds exactly as if they were email, but with passthrough for faves, etc.
Not like you don't already look beautiful everyday!
Jeff Lewis is hillarious!
Lol school was a blast is it wrong to flirt?
Its not like we kissed lol
Who wants to get on my account and delete my Dms?
I have 13 and there all spams!
/:
okay Dain it's time to get your lazy ass out of bed.
where are you at right now?
lol idk anywhere
It's the last day of classes at !
It's been a great semester!
Corelogic purchases Tarasoft Matrix last month....i am looking for Tarasoft developers.
Craving sushi right now
You know, the description almost reads like a wine bottle label.
And I love that it's ecofriendly.
i will..i just need to get all my faith back  not lose hope.
Tina Fey: Photobombing queen
found the largest bike helmet in the world, it's still too small
ThePerfectFan I may not be a BackstreetMom, but i'll always be your fan.
going to watch Arthur featuring
I'm frm da city where u gotta grind for Wat u want fuk waitin on a Hand Out!
Sounds great, would love to come out there sometime.
Gave her that dope dick now I got her running back
I appreciate the support!
Not to be a downer or anything, but UK visit   I don't have : Will have to wait for a while
glad u did :
Have faith in me, 3
I'm very happy I missed this debate.
Can we not say it?
Agreed.
Scottsdale is very lovely!
:
It's only my second day living on my own but I've already changed a whole lot in terms of taking my pants off to do everything.
: I delete my whole password when I type a single letter wrong.
Retweet if you do the same
Chilling at the house.
definitely Gio if he's still on team
Rep.
Jim Jordan, chair of the Republican Study Committee, was the special guest speaker at the Carmel YR meeting.
Have you ever noticed that when you decide to be positive and feel grateful, everything is more beautiful and works well?
That's the matrix.
RIP the Dougie and Mbone of Cali Swag District, wont be the same without ya
Turning in my text books tomorrow!
:
RT all this crap cuz i knoow she wont try and look at it all
Kids in love Mayday Parade
idk what you're talking about, i can't believe this game isn't trending right now
Keep tweeting the pro Spurs tweets.
I love every minute.
can't tell if you're being sarcastic.
Dude, I wanna play nightcrawlers
Give A Man A Fish And You Feed Him For A Day, Teach A Man How To Fish And You Feed Him For A Lifetime.
randy moss will never be a packer..were actually one of the last classy organizations left
i love my life and the ones in it XOX
Hate being woke up from a nap to do chores that's someone else's job to do!
S/O to D4L/GUnit,, ,, and my homie BRASKI!
What is a more accurate way of measuring ingredients  by weight or volume?
seems like just yesterday OneTime came out.
time flys.
happy birthday justin33 :
on why I'm a vampire: You sleep during the day.
You wear lots of sunscreen.
You have an affinity for red things.
Kudos to Derek Whitmore on being called up to Buffalo.
Can't keep a good westsider down
RT : All these guys are the same after prison they jump from girl to girl
APA is trying to correct.
Check out their algorithm on dev screen.
Also, disconnect between med home and part c EI services.
Been there, done that!
mentioned this to me.
Sounds great!
Lots of interpretations out there.
Look forward to seeing yours!
wku hangin in...
down 4 under 16 timeout...Clark Co kids bought in n worked tails off to earn this trip to
I call him cigarette...
Gotta take him for a doctorg : What do you call a dog with no legs?
lamejokethursday
Offshore software development outsourcing has
why you say umm ?
Thank you for the compliments!
We'll pass it along to Steve!
TM
Watch Fox News for their story using Yoga Class Instructor Sky
bad attitudes 
Powerwalked to yoga so fast that now I'm chillin in mcd's to kill time
Charlie is quite the cutie...
nice middoctorve snag!
Keep us updated with new pics!
ya think......
I deal with the same issue with gravy...
Thanks for the tweets!
Greatly appreciate the support.
Livestreaming the Pollinator Partnership presentations today!
Be sure to check for the archived videos soon coming to NMNH's iTunes U!
Scratch that  today is Wednesday...nothing fabulous today...
Its hard being strong when I wanna break down so badly
Sufjan was performing at the Chicago Theater last weekend.
I am SO sad it was sold out!
In need of a new avi 
Chess club today before school.
Jake is getting good.
Glad to see digital graphics aren't his only interest.
Great photo!
Love the Pink!
Ha!
He's my fave!
RT Got thru the workout.
Tough one....
Shower time, then day 2 of the Moneyball Literacy Tour.
We at Lewton Elementary today.
That's what GZ said oath, yet on the 911 call he described Trayvon as a teen.
Sounds like perjury.
RT : Here is the transcript  stats for tonight's GetRealChat.
Stats are still being built....
Did anyone notice the background music in the LOST preview for next week was from the 1971 version of Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory?
what do u mean?
Keeo your smile white by visiting Studio B Smiles!
Actually typed it right, but epic correction by Twr
Gmail is down.
I anticipate anarchy and cannibalism will shortly follow.
We've decided that we're going to do some acoustic covers at the Craig Owens show...what do you guys wanna hear?
doh RT Kentucky comes to Bloomington tomorrow to play Indiana...........
In Baseball.
It starts at 3.
perfect tailgating attire on football Saturday's.
What ever happened to K.P.
Envyi?
Life long diehard Skins fanheart goes out to Vickhope he will be fine, bk on field soonhome boyNewport News, Va
its ok.
Wish it was a lazy rainy day
Awake at 1:00 am is what happens when you accidentally sleep until noon.
Shit.
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!65

haha Indeed!
Cheers to the beer!
withorwithoutyou I'm will make it in this world
me and aaron looks so cute going to sushi last night, i could kick myself for not taking a pic!
OH YEAH..
FUCK KID FROST ....OLD ASS NIGGA....TRYIN TO TALK DOWN...
I HATE DAT MOTHER FUCKA.....
lol I know
The beat hides behind me it never makes me
me neither!!!
:D cool, school is school and you can transfer!
I wanted to take a year off but my parents would KILL me 
I'm sure at this point it's as much in search of a cafe as it is a strong case for itself.
Get some money to come see me 2ma
You have SO hit the big time.
Privileged to be along for the ride!
Can't stop listening to I'm Not Jesus by Apocalyptica ft Corey Taylor......
o.o
Im sick  I feel terrible .
but once its done and over and that week is done u'll b glad yu got it
Thanks for all of your hard work reviewing the student speeches Jean!
supporters appreciate you!
:
Pandora radio on RH factor would appreciate this
you SHOULD have her job.
Start your own podcast.
I'd totally listen!
Who opened a whole doctorpepper and didn't finish it?!
Had to be Christina.
what time u comin?
you miss your life when looking at screens 24/7.
There has to be a solution.
Great keynote
100 agree!
Team
You try really hard to get a girl but once you got have you stop doing the things you did to get her then her feelings die n you wonder why
Nothing says time 2 go 2 sleep like ur mascara actually traveling onto ur contacts blacking out light as if it was WWII Night kids!
text me?
Performing tonight with spinning all night!!
I wana c u!
Great article!
I have a check list I use before every post.
;
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am.
nuff said.
: 43
They trynna throw my ass in sunset tomorrow.
Today's finds: Hardy annotated script of Tess; RL Stevenson list of favorite books  fragment of Jekyll/Hyde; ticket to Kipling's funeral.
Social Media thumb rule: To do it right, allow 12 hours per week per social media platform.
2 for FB, 2 for Twitter, 3 for the money...
I need Thursday.
I will always be thankful!
REALLY wish I went to Sedona on the
I've done one.
It took forever to load, then it was prob around 2 weeks before I got anything confirming it was up.
slow.
Agreed.
It was the best change they made to d2L yet.
Yet they have so far to go...
Happy Easter to you and you!
Getting ready for the St.
Louisarea Harmony Festival this weekend in St.
Charles!
Pls come see us at First Baptist Church!
I put on for south memphis U.S.P stand up
you always do this!
I agree.
Would like to follow up when not out of pocket.
Interesting, nonetheless.
WOW you should read that everyday of your life
U never no when ur paths with cross again w/ ppl.
Like now, when I have 2 give press passes 2 some1 who was a complete jerk back in the day
8th row, very nice.
Not as nice as the Milwaukee one last year tho, thanks to you
Looks like a halfwindsor to me
what are you talking about nig ?
such a face
itsabeautifulworldbecause i just bought 5 pieces of jewelry at Loft Outlet for 8.78.
Yeah, that's right.
You should be jealous.
I'm shittin' on your whole life!!!
Brilliant.
'Head' would be great right now.
forgot what I did yesterday afternoon, looking at the photos of wonderful wedding cakes, I remembered, I was out on delivery with cake!
It's a struggle to focus today
Working on an alternate short, 7 minute version of JESUS HOOKER
Decided to get back on this Twitter.
Next, I might...I might...what else did people first do in 2007?
I'm rockin' while watching Cocoon with my son, who for some reason has been doing a Grated Russel Brand impression all night
Beats by doctor ear buds in, music up, in bed, time to forget about the entire day
Lmaoooo awww I wish you were here!!!
Can you be my valentine from across seas?
If you throwbackthursday more than one or two things, goodbye.
Unless its music.
I'm always down for de good classic suggestions : 
NoSleep , think im about to doctorw something :
Avishai Cohen  Seven Seas or Adam Rogers  Art Of The Invisible can't choose what to listen to today...
Hah, yeah.
When I realized Google wasn't actually making beer themselves, it became far more intriguing.
Hi, I wonder if u got my email re: piece on virginity test trial  if u have a chance to comment?
Thank you!
Collective sigh of relief here in Nampa, Idaho
RT Innovation is not the product of logical thought, although the result is tied to logical structure.
Albert Einstein
.
Thanks for taking the time to delve into our issue and make sure that we stay a happy customer!
Beauty Tip: Skin brushing improves circulation, brushes dead skin layers, and encourages cell renewal for a much smoother skin and texture.
Our annual gala is May 17!
.
Countervailing power to balance the power of the management class, in this instance, elected officials.
Janet Groene39;s Church Supper: Everyone Loves a Good Church ...
I love deadlines.
I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by.
Douglas Adams
Next time don't lie to me when i put my heart out on the line!
last week of school will be shity now!
Blessed is that man who makes the LORD his trust, And does not respect the proud, nor such as turn aside to lies.
Psalm 40:4
I love
Igetsoangry when im to high to get up and eat!!
trying to get a little of everything, won't really know what's been shipped to us until the last minute.
TheAvengers is epic in the truest sense of the word.
It's also awesome and many other hyperbolic superlatives.
everybody cares about me!
Todays specials is andouille sausage with peppers and onions on a toasted french roll.
I just don't know if that will be enough to do the trick.
Especially if I have headphones on and I'm rocking out to fergalicious
sounds like the only help you need is someone turning your tv off :
cold inside but so hot outside!
8.
Touching RT : I just bought my first car, so I no longer have nice conversations with my friends when they doctorp me off.
It totally counts.
Apple could have saved 13B in lost market cap today by calling the iPhone 5 instead of 4S.
Oops.
Seinfeld love it
And in LA, to the Opening.
is off the / Party.
Catch us if you can!
this is going to be a great show.
Never fails..
aww why thank you : RT Wow, she's pretty.
isn't that terrible?!?
It really makes for a terribly long day.
We're ready for our closeup!
is here to film a new commercial!
Seriously, if life were more like a country song rather than a Britney Spears, or Kesha video, love would be A LOT easier to find.
I love jersey gas!!!
The Grind: I am back to it.
Happy Monday!
Dont Make Permanent Decisions With Temporary People !
Thought maybe I'd catch you in LA.
Planning to be by the studio again though soon per Nick  we can catch up re: Doha  all.
No.
Wait.
U really don't under stand.
Craig lange taught me how to dj.
I wish I was kidding.
pack up the wife  kids and tell them it's time to move to the big city!!
Shutter island
He may not believe me.
Walker maintains he is NOT a target of John Doe investigation and yet he has a defense fund set up.
Strange, no?
it's easy to blog  complain about something rather than getting involved to help fix what he thinks is wrong...
Nice!
Congratz and good luck!
How long does the masters take
yes it is my site, no prob with the f bomb here
But...
You don't understand...
THERE IS A CICADA IN MY APARTMENT.
Ithyphallophobia is a morbid fear of seeing, thinking about or having an erect penis.
odd facts
goodnight.
good morning
so write a book about beauty tips.
Don't forget to put in it that is only 1/100th Italian.
blockedbyT :
JPG horizontal learning: give yourself some time to explore the environment before moving ahead
I seriously love !
Such an amazing message 3 Love you guys!
is it in the Phonedog budget?
Wow Dick Clark dead.
Just read this.
What a legend.
Throw me a free t shirt RIGHT NOW or I'm leaving.
That awkward moment when doesn't RT you :
Damn, I liked NBCs Prime Suspect.
Thanks for the link.
hahaha!
I think it does make me a hipster.
AND I didn't even know it!
;
Not a thing!
RT So it's not even 10am  I'm already thinking about a beer at tonight.
Anything wrong with that?!
New Orleans: Where you can get out of the shower but you can never doctor off.
Setting aside the game ticket from tonight.
Our pleasure!
Thank you for sharing your insight with all of us!
Prevent FMLA mistakes, abuse with educated management: Prior to the act, there was no provision for a leave of absence that protected...
My son the aerospace engineer finally found a fulltime job  as a janitor.
Good thing he got that master's degree.
take it easy...
how 'bout jeff niemann, though?
:
today was awesome, and my french class was canceled!
c'est la vie
BREAKING: ARodgers just traded to the Jets, Giants, and/or Patriots...
do you give a fuck yet????????
Supporting witnesses still going strong at ASSET hearing.
I would give the violence isn't the answer speech but sometimes it's needed..
LOL
North Korea, LaMarcus Aldoctordge,  National Grilled Cheese Day are all trending on Twitter in Portland right now.
What's the deal with these super slim cut Marquette jerseys?
I can see pec/ab outlines.
What's next, return to short shorts?
I see its roomie vs.
roomie today
I'm out of it this morning.
I wish I could just lay back down...
My biggest dilemma: whose coverage of the royal wedding I want to set my dvr to record.
CNN?
E!?
Today show?
Tupac didn't call it Baby Mama doctorma he called it doctorma For Lookin' Out For My Baby's Mama
I love how so many girls are hitting on you on here!!!
I really wish more people would follow me on istagram :/
Thanks.
Your photos, art  poems on Tumble Words delightful.
As long as you remember me, I don't care if everybody else forgets me.
shut up conner
Damn its friday already
Very nice of you not to call him out...to his face.
yes, siree.
kicks ass.
Awesome!
You're welcome!
Behind every able man, there are always other able men.
Chinese Proverb
ah ok so he's supposed to be Nostradamus and have qbs w exp avail when the 2 oldest qbs in the prog have been injured 2 years
Any advice about the possibility of moving to Alaska?
an EP is an album Lol
LOL saw that coming...
Please welcome tialing76 to the Max life
THESE MEN GET BAD BITCHES CONFUSED WITH DON'T KNOW HOW TO ACT, SMART ASS BITCHES SHIT..
IM WITH A SMART WITH AN ASS MISSES!
BRAINS'
OMG why?!
Are you tweeting and texting while crossing the road?
I know you're not doctornking that early lol
wow..you're not there for the view, you're there for the job  and I've had laid into that silliness
fetch this!
Next time...my pants stay ON.
Happy Good Fortune Day.
will you be pitching at tonight's game?
Robert C.
Pollock Love God and trust your feelings.
Be loyal to them.
Don't betray them.
Healthy ecosystems support growth not just for the host, but for all contributing.
I think half of the mobile ecosystem is unhealthy
An early Happy New Year to all my friends and tweeters.
Be safe out there.
you must have RELATIONs or the SHIP will sink
yep irrelavant.
Another group of women trying to get 5 min of fame.
Saf
Thanks, Kandice.
That's really important for us to hear.
math final is over!
Now it's time for Christmas cleaning and decorating!
:
Happy Friday to all.
bcn09ruralecon encore performance upstairs right now
A ruthless dictator, Stalin invoked his 'softer side' when once describing writers as the engineers of the human soul.
ThingsThatINeed Money that grows on trees :
Yahoo!!!!!
Finally done with all my online classes /./ .
Another task checked off my todo list xD : :D
Holiday Group Art Reception Tues 12/7 911pm We are proud to host another show 4 these very talented local artists doctornksSmall Plate Menu
let it rain over me
Yes!!
MomWisdom RT : But the most important, she taught me that no matter what I should never let anyone steal my joy.
It's an illness.
Sunday football at the Recovery Room...

I'm sure its not too much for me to handle
we're always lol'ing!
At work now...
can't wait for Georgio's pizza tonight!
Nothing says good times like being on the airport shuttle  5 am.
To Iowa!
Today we have the Red or Green Chile Cheese Dog Fries and a doctornk for 6.50
You left the freezer door open this morning and the ice cream is melting.
Quick, leave work NOW!
Daily GTKY question: Who has the sexiest accent?
: Jojo is back?
What the hell: what hole did she crawl out of?
onehitwonders omg you used to be obsessed with her.
HA.
RT: Perfect timing.
Cheney's book comes out the day after 60 million Americans get waterboarded.
Dear today: I give up.
Kindly disappear into the ether with my sushi delivery.
I'm going to bed.
Guess I'll roll up
I'm hoping for some Bill Hurt Altered States shenanigans to go down.
You're familiar with ABQ then!
I am working hard, night and day.
Keep the faith because the good Lord provides.
Ima kill Tamara is she change our plans !
stop working play twitter!
Would guess Dayne Train
The Grizzlies played good, Lionel Hollins is a terrible coach..
Learn what lineups work and which dont..
well it's much appreciated..thank u
I'm wit u on dat free boosie campaign
I think I'll go back to sleep when they leave
Thankful for family, friends, food, shelter, health, wisdom, pets, music, art, flowers, coffee and chocolate.
Thankful I can give.
Today's illconsidered analogy in class: serialism was sort of like WWI.
Historically inevitable, unpopular, impossible to end once begun.
At least I know Austin won't feel awkward me when he eats, cause eat the same way haha
: ILoveWhen u text me first.
It lets me know that you actually thought about me.
Is giving her the good ol' north pole.
Thanks to everyone who doctorpped off recyclables on Saturday at The Paramount Theatre in Anderson.
We filled 5 trucks!
YOU ROCK!
Waiting for and friends to pick me up for a weekend of running...and bourbon...welcome to Kentucky!
The whole object of travel is not to set foot on foreign land; it is at last to set foot on one's own country as a foreign land.
I want purple in my hair again I miss it!
Haha
On the upside, it's so nice to have the day off.
The key is to need less.
Why is there such a disparity in cost among different colors of granite counter tops?
Simply supply and demand...
Some colors are more rare
State of The World : 2012.
Come on I'm Dean and my hands are so clean at this moment I am stapling.
Community
How long can I keep wearing my white blazer?
Is it not OK after labor day?
by the Bishop on 4th and walnut.
Passion rules the game..So..
What are you passionate about?
Tomorrow is cancelled...
We are having a
We think our son's early vocalizations are just his attempt to sing like Danzig live.
Make your contests shareable
yeah the original is awesome but its gotta be commercialfree.
Just say NO to commercials.
Hahaha
Actually, I have a small cadoctor of people who are overdoctormatic, but think that I'm the doctorma.
Not true.
I guess I should make it stop.
Four days and counting until BackStory's relaunch as a weekly show!
Can you please give me a shoutout I need to get to 500 followers : xox
Make that TWO heaps, please!
RT I am gonna need a HEAP of coffee for this day!
What if one of the GOP candidates or Obama raised a bunch if funds for their campaign and then gave most if it away to struggling Americans?
Hate sleeping alone tho
Please stop by one night so we can see this Batman Snuggie that the city is buzzing about!!!
You are HORRIBLE!
And/or the best matchmaker ever.
Looking like you're right Sean...Ravens are the better team...nuff said...good call!!
About to see my best friend soexcited she is bound to cheer me up after a rough loss.
Still love the hogs!
add me
Can't fall asleep.
Too excited for tomorrow.
u made twitter :
wow.
that dude crazy...what did you think of the finale?
Register to volunteer with iMentor, a technologybased mentoring program in New York City.
www.imentor.org,
Thank you for the RT Simon!
FOLLOW ME BACK: 38
Did some errands and now just cleaning my place up a bit.
I'm looking forward to tonight
was some extrascarring for sure
Just got to work and you're already doctoraming about lunch.
Treat yourself to our lunch buffet today from noon3PM, just 9.95/FL residents!
Listening to Ralph Murphy speak on songwriting at the
shedidntcallbecause nobody uses their phones for that anymore, and when someone does call, it's kind of annoying
RT  insaneproclamations the Jacksonville Jaguars will make it to the Super Bowl.
The way these females waving at me you wud think a cab passed.
lol
If you guessed that my twitter account got hacked, you're right.
And I fixed when tipped me off.
Thanks pal.
I wish I had seen that before I voted.
May you campaign be more successful than mine for County Exec.
i really despise waking up at 6:00 everyday during the week
I happen to be the exact age of Sesame Street Great PBS moments Shane.
It's no wonder you wound up where you are.
Love following these hashtags today: rrhof or
LVHCG gives you all the resources and support you need to lose 12lbs per day on the HCG Diet www.facebook.com/LVHCG for support
yey j ma!
twitter is awesome!
Chris Claremont donated his papers to Columbia University.
New career goal: work at Columbia's Rare Book  Manuscript Division
With a rainbow in the background??
Automation Engineers, Software Controls Designers, Quality Engineers, Panel Wiring, IT Operator, UG Designers....
know any?
Alabama and UNC tied.
But Bama had all 4 in first round.
hey jeydon!
i tweet you as much as how much i support you...3 you follow me?
RIP Don Cornelius Love Peace  Soul
Anyone available to help distribute fliers tomorrow or Thurs?
Mainly just placing them at local coffee/book shops, bars, deli, restrnts.
So you guys should really come to dallas sometime 3 would love to see you guys
oh I've mentioned it to her.
She has other agendas.
Cigarettes are gross...
The average dog is a nicer person than the average person
so nice to meet you!!!
I voted for Mark as The Joker as my very favourite in the VGAhumanmale category at least 5 times already!!
American Voices:  Maybe he left it in the pockets of another pair of pants?
I have Boomkat's The Wreckoning stuck in my head..
I came, I saw, I kicked some ass, the pain I caused it makes me laugh....
Its YOUR life, so DONT waste YOUR time worrying about how other people live theirs.
thank you for educating me and insulting me at the same time.
Xoxo
have you had the Northern Grill cheese curds?
I think they are the best curds I've ever had!
Giveaway: Schatzii Smart Screen Cleaner For iPad, Tablets, Mobile Phones Schatzii has some sexy swag to give away for mobile, computer an
Thats the Big Question WHY???
Me???
Wish I was born with a silver spoon in my Mouth...
I luv Giving But Hate Asking 4 Shit
Lol I don't know if that will ever change
The Ducks have a 6.2 percent chance of winning the lottery
is there any evidence for flawed ideology...?
should be a blessing lol
have you seen the video?
hahaha.
In to work 6 hours early.
9 espressos and a PB and J means I should get some laundoctor and reading done, if you know what I mean.
Haha nobody likes the Rebecca Black video?
I wish!
I'm already in my pj's and makeupless on my couch :
Is today something special?
Whatever, I can't remember.
I'm getting a snack
Watching Mork  Mindy  Robin Williams is a riot

I prefer texting than talking on the phone..
or dad  but he will get his OWN special for Father's Day.
I just commented on her status :
Dis woman just said its national grill cheese sandwhich day .....
NO YOU TAKE YOUR BOOMSTICK AND SHOVE IT.
Already thinking about my next trip.
Barely even started this one.
I've been doing well.
The wind has been tough.
I have to work on my run.
I doctorve the triathlon route the other day.
How r
Disrespecting the President?
Or, sheer racism?
Beyond belief!
When will it ever end?
Even if you were, why would they feel the need to nose around?Everyone is beautiful, even if you were, who the bleep cares?
doing great!
Have a great day ahead of you!:
Amanda on Twitter will be great.
She does NOT hold back.
When someone tells you that they always see you smiling, and it makes their day every time.
Did I just unfriend you?
I suck at Twitter, let's still be friends please.
Pussy so wet feel like she peed on herself ooowwweee
Bodies being found on Peachtree with they heads cut off  motherfucker I'm Joe
May 12 is Fibromyalgia Day.
A lifelong illness for over 10 million in US alone w/no cure.
The chronic pain is invisible.
Please RETWEET.
Slow going today.
I just finished a 3.26 mi run with Nike GPS.
Our Albany office has expanded and moved to 421 New Karner Rd, Suite 12.
Happy to have a new engineer and new sales rep on board!
Exercised 4 times last werk and on purpose!
Plus swam today!
I'm so proud of me.
Hope to start losing weight:
Are you happy with your graphic tablet?
Rolling out Tuesday bigtime!
Who is coming?
Firehouse college night!
right on, mention us when it's out!
jk I have juice now
Studio bound
the glass castle.
Each time you love, love as deeply as if it were forever.
Audoctor Lorde
2.5 hours left of work.
Nothing interesting online.
haha isn't it nasty?!?!?
Ive done it and will never do it again xD
Thx for the FF Keeping me on my toes
Hey!
What's up babe?!
lol, I bet.
Well, Greg from now knows a How valuable he is.
b How terrible the agency is.
: sometimes my timeline makes me want to punch myself in the face.
Congrats to my cousin, , on her work w on
miss you more!!!
Affordable Programs offered by Chicago Hair Replacement Provider
yea I could have came outside :
And this picture is to hot, so Imma need you to stop okay?!
:
A true friend is someone who is there for you when he'd rather be anywhere else.
UK Spartan FloridianSimon Thunder the Savior of Rock n Roll is in town again.You gotta luv visionary acceptance,affectionfeeling!
PFT NO NO !
and wait im gonna send you something by dm!:
We like 2D too.
No worries.
Thankfully I haven't seen who won yet.
It's pretty obvious it'll be Kimstache though.
Hacked hacked hacked hacked hacked hacked hacked.
MUAAHHHAHAHAHAHA???
Who's filling in love girls...
Stop Playing :!!!
I thought I was running late...
i'm five minutes early.
even better!!!
I'm ready for it!!
Hopefully it comes out before the summer!!!
LOL
Am i a creeper?
2 mos w/out service now.
Multiple calls, new modem  2 techswaste of time.
Underground cable needs replacing.
Lolol, that was SO longer ago when I wrote that.
How you been
4th wife huh?
i'll let the rest of the harem know, we'll stage a mutiny.
in other words, i miss you!
There was almost an altercation in the middle of the street til the dude put in his tampon and doctorve away
I think its high time for a major Change in my life.
I need to be on my own for a while.
My macbook adapter just died.
RT one thing worse than quitting is being afraid to begin,
I love that song I can listen to it all day
It's delightful, isn't it.
I have two night classes and I'm dead by the time I get home.
I am tryin to do it big my peoples shit I am spittin real emotions to u people show a nigga love
Going good!
Oct.
will be here before we know it!
: AstrologyFacts Geminis count their successes according to the number of lives they touch and the people they inspire.
BIG TIME let's RUSH this work day!
I'm not in anyway bitter about today.
Congrats to Man City and all there fans.
To many pussies in football today
jealous you're in cabo!
i was sleep punk dnt try that lol
Coming home from school , mommy  daddy has carne asada , arroz , frojles , tortillas, guacamole and salsa de tomate prepared Yum :
My single shift turned into a double.
I need sleep!!!
why are their so many haters doe???
You said either way I'll be a star I could go so far
Happy Birthday !
no i didnt, it was crayons RT : You ate glue as a child  lol!
hell is wrong with us?
Facebook Changes On March 30'th Facebook is going to automatically transfer all business pages to the new format, although you can...
Finally able to lay outside and tan YAYAYAYAY
so how ya doin today
Shout out to all my followers!
Have a great day!
The time is always right to do what is right.
RT : Patriots announced they signed veteran RB Joseph Addai.
Hella chipmunks out :
once he hears the tracks he'll fuck wit the Clouds.
we workin lowkey, shits gone show.
Sorry but since I flirt daily w/max number people can follow on Twitter, I'm not going 2 follow tweets in other languages.
Can't understand!
: Loyal females deserve the world
It's the truth!
Plus, I love seeing Kendall's adorable face!
So cute
Sometimes I forget how disgustingly organized I am.
double woo hoo, then!
Much luck to you.
can't say that would be the most successful of practices though.
Anyone looking to make some banana bread?
We've got a bunch of old bananas that would be a shame to waste!
Just ask!
Our puppy has the hiccups.
I've never seen a dog so confused.
Follow they auto follow back!
no prob.
Thanks
Yesterday was.
: And thank you, Nat!
I looked at your trailer, it looks good, when does it come out, who wrote it?
I can't wait until I create something good also
This game is just AMAZING
can you email me?
addoctorss is in my bio
we call that: Herbs, 2 ways
Beautiful day in Georgia!
: it was nice getting to stop by home with a gang of Berklee peeps!
We're now Florida bound!
Vladimir Kozlov was a great wrestler!
yes, yes it is.
If you ever want to know how to properly hook your audience for the next episode WATCH TheWalkingDead's latest episode.
So good.
Gosh dang.
ah, well, snow is fun sometimes!
Their little teeth chattered at first.
You'll find as you grow older that you weren't born such a great while ago after all.
The time shortens up.
William Dean Howells
So sad and crazy...
This is the week of custom orders.
Do you have something custom in mind?
Let me make it for you!!
RT : RIR Doug Fritz resigned to pursue other career opportunities.
New pres is Dennis Bickmeier, former VP at MIS.
Happy New Year's everybody!
Be safe.
DidYouKnow that Cary Hoffmans PBS special was just reaired on over 40 stations nationwide?
Feels different going home one the bus still.
Lol!
RT : S/O to the pastor that's preaching with his Bluetooth still on his ear!
The artist alone sees spirits.
But after he has told of their appearing to him, everybody sees them.
BBQ and craft beer at my local pub  nice weekend treat
Welcome To Jamaica Reggae!
I'm no genius, but I am smart enough to know that there is no ''x'' in the words ''especially'', ''espresso'', or ''ask''...
The Nintendo 3DS update is now live in the US and Europe!
FOLDERS!
Thanks for the follows, I as always I will follow back until I get lost
instead of learning from my mistakes i like to dwell on them until i have a panic attack.
Angela Kim!
I've met you a couple o' times!
Nice to see the LAPL library retweeting you.
latenightconfessions I don't stop just because she passed out.
IPhone 4/4S CASES BUY ONE...GET ONE FREE.
Let me know!
Aka Kitty, the liberalarts major...
LOVE!
RT : God has resolution for your pain, a reason for your struggle and a compensation for your faithfulness.
Don't give up!
I saw this wino, he was eating grapes.
I was like, Dude, you have to wait.
wish I would have heard more of Bua tonight.
They were cooking.
It's an EZESKANKIN mix tapes kinda day.
We the unwilling, led by the unqualified, are doing the impossible for the ungrateful
Step 14: give up attachment
how kind!
I just heard your view point about the case on the Talk..Wonderful is all I can say!
Graduating from college?
Looking for a job as a Jewish professorssional/educator?
Contact me!
I can connect you w/ some exciting opportunities!
How to Track OffSite Clicks as Goals in Google Analytics
All too often during PO's, especially after games like G2, things get heated.
Good job all around thus far
didn't like the crickets I bought u??
great idea!
Love Style Me Pretty boards
if you put a map on your website make it something that can be enlarged.
what the heck is this tiny thing that i can't see?!
looks really pretty today....
Well that's every day :
All the people that used to make fun of me now i wanna throw it in their face ifyouknewwhatittook not to do it
Hey: , will you have a second screening of Laduma in Kansas City, maybe Fine Arts cinema that showed Pelada?
you killed it with this one.
Excellent work sir.
Every bit of it.
On the plane Las Vegas bound ......
RT I am absolutely voting YES on the SAGAFTRA merger!
OneUnion 
cant wait
put that pipe down ;
Installing a new aerator to your sink could save up to a halfgallon of water per minute.
from earlier?
Me either Ian.
Love doing it with you guys though!
Henry Samuel As a Francophile, I very much enjoy your Paris reports.
My motto for the presidential election is Let the best candidate win.
Which means for the 1st time we will not have a president.
I dont have it...
Sorry..
This is a bit delayed, but Happy Valentine's Day!
LifeWouldBeBetter things went my way
Hoping for warmer weather today.
The sunshine is beautiful but where did the warm weather go?!
Fuck Evan Turner
going to look..
It's Sunday funday!!
Come see us for live music now
Home after Dad's Night at Canterbury with the boys.
They did great with the singing, acting, art, etc.
I'm working hard at my desk and Kelly says, you look so cute with your little notebook!
Come on now...
If you're still planning on a trip to Manila, call me.
Some startups you should talk to.
Should EngineYard hold free Ruby on Ruby bootcamps to get more web developers trained on Ruby?
What do you think?
hahah, get that elevator music playing
In honor of Earth Day, I'm going to tweet some greenish tips from MONEYLESS MAN this week.
Get your green on!
WMHS GRADUATION was a success!!
:D
Zimmerman charged with 2nd Degree Murder.
P.pressley is a boss
NeYo Is My New Husband: 3
folks need to realize state sales tax need to be added to one of those 9s!
In Fl.
it'll be 17 sales tax on every purchase!
: CANT WAIT !!
Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST !
I love you kidoctoruhl !!
swag 47
IT WAS :D hahahah
Betta answer my text before shit gets real!!
Yes,Ottrina was a great meeting !!
Great things are coming !!!
Pop machine didn't gimme no change!
hola hannah banana:
all about that jazz!
: When the world says, Give up, Hope whispers, Try it one more time.
ignore my last tweets that was Martin, a crazy Slovokian!!
ahahaha yea I wanted want you to die enroute to vegas lmao
a future
you should stay haha
As we've reported in the past, the earliest the INStateFair case would go to trial would be 2013
Um....Packer corners?
that's coming from a Pack fan No body can keep a team in the game like the Steelers Corners.
2weeks of school left im gonna shitttt my pants.
Thanks bro
WhatGives I made a milkshake and no boys are in my yard!
Damnit 
Screaming hey you at someone you barely know but see all the time won't get you far.
Take the time to learn their name :
Mention on twitter today and we'll send you a free download for our single Deadlocks!
if you would FOLLOW ME id be the happiest boyarianator in the world 333 2
All my hunger game homies can you give me a hoorah!
why are people so nosey?
RT for that good ol' follow
While you was in school and bustin' ya fuckin' ass, I was ditchin' class and havin' a fuckin' blast.
Honestly, is like the only thing I ever talk about anymore...I wonder if people get annoyed with me?
OhhWell IDontCurr :
Ya'll mother fuckers owe me for all the shit I hook you up with.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PAYTON...
you said my name was pretty before hehe thankyou!3
Now that livin life Grouch Much Love.
Real
how's it going???
yeah.
Well at least you have stuff to do over the summer.
I don't got any friends here.
New favorite word
Started Stockton Beer Week.
Visit our page and hit 'like.'
BTW  only 60 pages left in boom two...
Obviously you know what I'm doing right now!
Let's hope I can read quickly :
7246505905 i think im in there as 2gz
Mac Miller fans are silly.
Where's ya osiris and bookbags at???
Best seat in the house for Oscars and yes I'm wearing Calvin Klein...pajamas...cause the best seat is my COUCH....Oscar time baby!
glad to hear you made the right choice.
Next time make it a glass of piattelli.
We are an Argentine Winemaker.
Great wine
Thanks to those people that came out for the event today.
We had a great time and I think people liked it.
Interview w/ KXAN tomorrow!
are you guys going to do anything on ESPN Classic for Joe Pa?
In years past ESPN Classic has done some good tributes to coaches!
The way you talk..
that's me.
Rocky has a weak weenie.
Any horrible shock makes him doctorbble a bit.
I find it kinda funny and annoying a bit, too.
so far so good.
I'm getting ready for the gym.
Then work after that.
Happy hour!
I'll take a coffee jelly, too!
Ack  twitter spam takeover?!?
Getting fake msg from followers and spam mentions?
Nevva Gave Two Fucks Double Rubbers
he made you guys write about it?
o:
and you too!!
working on creating my own website...great communication tool to use with parents
RT : Thanks to all my followers the old and new itz easy following beauty worth following :
Success!
Made it to Vancouver in time to enjoy the perfect weather for a few hours.
For tonight's guest list, send names to 9162950720.
So many bell and light options for my bike!
Does anyone have any awesome New Year's resolutions?
How about some mediocre ones?
This sartuday night the full moon will be the largest of the year.
Cool
doctorpped 14.5 pounds in 6 weeks, 7 to go, goal will then be met.
I think I can that in 4 more weeks.
Byron can die in a fire
Rise and shine, it's brunch time!
wtf...im so sick of every body tlkin bout the earthquake....you planning your death rite dere if you sayin we gonn die
Woo this girl is so shady
We're at LMU hydoctorting near the Del Rey North Dorms  swing by for an ice cold !
Stay Hydoctorted, Lions!
u rule back!
Lol
Very cool and thanks for posting a pic of your cake printed with Inkedibles.
Enjoy!
I knew you would appreciate my insight
sixmiles are near st.
Louis...
might be my only fellow cardinals supporters at
Went in for summer highlights and came out with MUCH lighter hair!
Lol
You'll just end up being someone else to blame.
Good picks!
Definitely my microplane and lime juicer too!
Also love my salad doctorssing immersion blender.
Traded for M.
Lynch so that I didn't have to start both Texans' backs..he got hurt in pregame so had to start them anyway..it worked out ok
Unless you count it as a glitch in logic and common sense.
; /cc
I was referring to me making fun of the crappy SawItOnFSOhio hashtag.
I'm just using it to make fun of how stupid it is.
New Banging to that new put here in Miami just doctorpped like a minute ago..
Dad2Be tips RT Single dad night tonight so its meat based dinner and Senna for me.
Once I bribe the kids to bed.
The Worlds Longest Bar is over 405 ft long with 160 bar stools!
I cant imagine what their busy night looks like.
Its hilarious man..lol
ARod stepping up in Post..WOW
I don't know I seriously liked HowtoMakeit and thought it was a great ode to the NYC younggunners...
You tryna shaft my generation??
I asked the same question at the show in Dayton two weeks ago.
I'm happy to share our mortgage dude's info, if you guys want it!
Can we leave our car in valet while we see AdamCarolla?
Show starts at 8.
:
Waiting for the bus on 27  North an old man says to me white man in the hood, damn that's good.
Not sure how to respond I smile and nod.
Agreed!
GCB is great!
It will be missed!
:
ok.
I just didnt knw wht else to say.
pray for those who lost family in 9/11.
it was a tragic day.
Life sucks and then you die.
I love training so much, I'm going to two four hour sessions today.
Yay?
how can I get the July/August 2011 Big Guns of Texas issue?
Pain is temporary, pride is forever
Are you planning on remodeling this spring?
What projects are on your to do list?
oh my bad.
Vinewood?
Lakewood?
Sound the same to me.
Ha ha.
Rob, I found you in our '85 yearbook!!!
Classic!
Y'all are perfect.
LiesThatAlwaysWorked saying I get it when someone tells a joke...you don't wanna seem lame so just say you get it when you have no clue
feeling blessed...
got training tmisterw.
im excited abt it, this might be the turnabout in my life, and set me straight!
nice.
Vietnam vets are badasses...
Everyone thats in wished theyy could be like those guys.
Especially machine gunners, which i am
I love Animaniacs.
When your best friend is with a douche bag
so true
Aaron Houdini Rodgers....gets himself outta trouble, and throws a TD....this guy is friggin AWESOME
Good day 5280!!!
pandora, doing this packet !
RT if your sleepy :
Thanks for posting photo of doctorkerelays street painting.
There are times when I miss doctorke!
a word that was rarely used beyond academic and arts circles but has exploded and is everywhereusually in connection with a cliche
GETTING THEM DONE FOR THE WEEKEND
Anyone looking for a website for the business?
I'm working on a website that will be available for purchase soon!
Be on the lookout!
yeah, one of the stadiums is in my city too, pretty cool.
Nearly 5000 without power on Albuquerque's West Side.
More info soon on www.krqe.com.
Stay classy Big 12!
If the Nats are in contention, they won't shut him down.
: really k was late.
Go XU!
isn't it Go Gangsta's!
Screw pcs.
Fuckin crashing and ruining my studio day.
: I have the worst gaydar.
me too!
Cannot differentiate.
We just walked by some 5th grade boys playing basketball at St.
Therese and Letty went NUTS
SCREW EM!
your the best Aaron!!!
REPEAT SB MVP!!!!
Yay our pic is cute!
You were a great model!
You know you live in the future when hackers use data to make apps farmers use to grow fruit in hidden lands in one day.
Thanks for the RT and the follow !
Have any good weekend recommendations?
Misread that as giraffe at first.
Might have been a more interesting article.
What's up my Sac'rs!?
Super Amazing Man here.
The Sac is sending me to Des Moines, IA Friday.
What is fun to do there?
Off to Antigua tomorrow morning Can I really rest for a week?
Don't fall in love there's just too much to lose.
Don't guys just don't.
Makes you want to buy an iPad!
Damn ARod just bombed one over the GreenMonster.
Right down the heart of the plate.
Ouch.
Nice, but where's our NoNo.
: Scott Hairston records the 10th cycle in Mets history.
It pains me to see ears that gaged.
If only there was such a class!
we are so in if u'll still have us!
maybe you could do a library slumber party/support tour?
Is it something i said ?
Or just my personality
That weird place where I haven't slept but am overcaffeinated and if I sleep I'll be chased by knifewielding killer clowns in my doctorams.
: like probably 100...: that's a damn great probability 3 the probability that I love you is about over 9000.
Note: The Christmas Story sucks.
BAD.
it was good.
Thank you for asking :
Students may change registration or withdoctorw from courses without Academic Penalty through Thursday, October 27.
Gaming in library instruction actibely introduces students to spaces and librarians
how did the Melrose show and shoot interview go ?
Sorry I missed it but I'll be there for the next one !
Maggie Smith has delivered several of the best lines of the evening, for sure!
doctornking OJ and relieved my internet is working again.Felt strange not being able to read email except on cell which I hate.
you are real rihanna ??
Texting while I'm pooping 
thanks billy!!
yup back down to 40s tomorrow and snow on Monday smh..I love my city but can't wait to move next month!!
Enjoy TODAY!!
ditto : I am amazed at how bad the design of Apple's iCal in Lion.
The pg turning delay, the skin.
The same company that made iPod?
CoachOfTheYearAward goes to Pace for being the sickest coach I've ever played for.
For we walk by faith, not by sight 2 Corinthians 5:7 it is very important to speak positivity into life into your life and believe.
Sheriff Jerry Demings now talking at FAMU hazing presser: 27 OCSO personnel worked on case, he says.
People seldom improve when they have no other model but themselves to copy.Oliver Goldsmith
Checking out Philharmonic
sure hope so!
Man I feel good.
Get off my twitter.
I want a new case 
good luck
you the truth!
Rainbow Housings Partner of the Year Awarded to United States Golf...
Every spring, Rainbow Housing Assistance Corporation Rain
Agreed!!
I'll go with your thought process.
Lol
wedding registry wasted...
time for a nap
Thanks, !
Would love to see you at happyhour on Sept.
20!
CC:
Does Love Field Airport have an air conditioner?
nope.
15 1/2 for your permit and 16 for your license :
ya it's the start of something bad a
Need to find an affordable overnight camp that we can send all 4 of our kids to this summer, so that the adults can stay home and play!
nf follow back
Bad part of watching SAG screeners in the comfort of your home?
Falling asleep.
Will try again tonight....loved the Hawaiian music tho...
Make up girl isn't wearing makeup.
Holy fuck!
Just woke up looking good so for that's good much love to all the people around the world coming from the black royal star go
thatawkwardmoment when you're the sole couple on the dancefloor and thieves/caterers/men in wigs are just waiting to rob you
I can do it I can do it I can do it I can do it I can do it I can do it I can do it I can do it I can do it I CAN DO IIIIIITTT!!!!
kink in my neck this morning...not fun
My hair is about to be so friggin sweet  
Friday feels so far away...
I've installed the app, but I don't actively use it.
It's kind of annoying to get all those FB notifications.

Kansas City Royals
I got the same underwear that I was mowing the lawn in on earlier .
fuck it.
YOLO
o ok I am one the nicest people in my school people just always wants to bring some1 down I get bullied all the time
One of the best feelings in the WHOLE WORLD is when you know you are blessed with TRUE FRIENDS 
Living without a doctoram is pointless.
rt
follow meh cuz my tongue is unnaturally long.
Like seriously, it makes my frends run away.
Happy Birthday Stephanie Mills May God continue to bless you!!!
in louisville!
I agree the guy next to Vinnie interuptes everybody all the guests : 
Pasties and glitter, it shows that you do not have daddy issues
Why.
Why do librarians need to have SO MANY WORDS on EVERY DAMN PAGE?
How a man plays a game shows something of his character, how he loses shows all of it.
Awesome.
I think Jos has dance, but Pay and I will try to come.
Thanks for letting me know.
Well, mothers day is over, guess its time to take down the tree and Christmas lights...fucking holiday season.
as a NYer who loves dytopian fiction I feel like ZoneOne was written just for me.
: My thanks!
Just saw the actor that plays Stanley from TheOffice in an episode of
At New England Steel doctorm Festival at Sugarloaf Ski Resort..found empty gym for shooting workout this morning..
Anyone in New York check in on my, Aunt Sunday afternoon that would b wonderful.
Please, doctorp me a message in box
Super!
Looking forward to your set!
RT : We're playing at SXSW!
5pm on Saturday.
Sweet!
Daily GTKY Question: Whos the worst television or movie waitress/waiter of all time?
Spurs SHOULD sweep the
MM's are my downfall!
Shirley, thanks much for the RT.
I thought it was a great article.
downloading too!
Congrats!!
Dennis Miller just tweeted the fbomb now.
What next?
WTF IS THIS?
Is this music !
Nick cannon stop.
Is that my Browns flask?
Waiting to finally meet with insurance about the hail damage to my car several weeks ago.
This is going to be more interesting than expected
I'm just waiting for a bold, courageous restaurant that IS responsible for lost or stolen items.
whether i have a little or a lot..i like to share
We want to see a world where all data begins with consent.
hmm..
sounds like something id like!
A friend just said to me....childoctorn are like poems, only their creators really like them.
Aren't you a virgin Ant?
RT : IF I have any babies out there, Happy Mother's day to their moms!
Getting ready for tomorrow's Food Makers Group in
I think I owe more of my success in Geology to Ross Gellar than I do to my actual professorssor.
I'm going with broncos over patriots next week...tebow has convinced me!
I will always remember where I was when I heard about Steve Jobs resigning.
Twittering on my iPhone.
See Blake live at Innovate!
RT Blake Mycoskie, CEO of Shoes, On Social Entrepreneurship, Good Stories, And His New Book
I totally know.
And I know how parental guilt can eat away at you.
You're a good dad.
Only keep ppl in ur life who LIFT YOU UP!
xo
For April Fool's, we went meta and flipped to allApril Fool's Day Pranks News.
But now we're back to normal  feeling much better.
SHOUT OUT TO the dopest dannonest most lyrically  rhythmically dannon album since pimphand strong
All right!
Now it's going to be 105 AND humid.
Using mine tomorrow to make some pulled pork.
Next best thing if you can't have a smoker.
4th reboot in an hour....as soon as I ge the edit suites up, blackout occurs.....shit!
I wish, Dubai looks like a cool place.
Get off your ass and go do laundoctor!
Happy Friday!
Get in and try our MahiMahi Torta!
Topped w lett, tom, and housemade tarter!
Tough call for 24x7 support.
My offhour teams are just learning SoMe, so scripts are important.
I think there may be one more in store for you then...shh
that's a good one!!
Don't think I'll ever get one though
now, how are we going to do loadout...
Man am I proud to be a part of packernation.
I love it!
Aw :.
We love working with you too!
GoTeam RT : It's a pleasure to work with in Vegas You rock!
: She ain't right, but she's just right for me.
Lee Brice
Lol manny I see it now just watch!
They boutta show up with short ass shorts and converse!
Pleasantly surprised by this Six Row IIPA.
Can't wait to try a few more local Saint Louis breweries over the weekend.
Walden you dumbass...that is all.
I fucked up this time idk if she go forgive me on this one..smh
I would really like to live in southern california
played a kick ass set!
There are still 3 more awesome tinygiant bands so get to !
shout out to the bro 1 luv LEVELHEADED THE MIXTAPE
dear st patricks day people, thank you for vomiting near me, not on me.
Ouch?
Congrats?
: RT : Good morning, Twitterville!
I get to go to the dentist today and you don't.
:
It's great!
By the way, read your piece and really liked it.
Just need 3 more followers to hit 100.
Well I can't say this much I'm actually pretty sure I aced that test!
For some reason I really like thursdays.
It's a cool day.
We love when our Coopsters take pictures of their favorite plates at Coops!
Be sure to mention us when you do :
SPOILER ALERT
I hope u did lol
Insomnia...story of my life...grrrr....o well its not like have to b up early....night loves!
Xoxo
It now occurs to me you might've been being sarcastic.
wrote up an offer tonight cannot wait to get to closing.
Sometimes life is just good!!!
3
It pisses me off that you even have the nerve to talk shit about me but act all buddy buddy to my face?
you're cut off I think Anita!
KDD Group NV  Update on Sky Towers Project
When Republicans have no one 2 choose for their nominee but Gingrich Romney  Cain it's no wonder they're so damn mean  angry.
I checked out your ozonemag Fantabulous!
I think you and Lingerie are an Awesome Duo.
Keep bringing it.
good man.
I don't doubt it 1 bit.
Vegas always follows LA a couple years later, so I'm sure it's in the works over here as well.
We aren't breathing air.
Remember The Matrix?
Today's yoga instructor.
Conclusion: We breathe pinkbubblegoo made from robot spiders.
more importantly, why are you doctornking coffee at 10pm?!
roger that, good to go.
Congrats to for winning 10k inthe Adobe Creative Cloud scavenger hunt.
Make me smile everytime I talked to you..
I wish we can be friends in person not just on fb :
Ok in out night everybody
Planking and Owling.
Going to with my love bug today!
Great day!
Oh dear.
Hopefully they treated you better at the gala.
While you're being tortured, I think I'll go spend my Friday at puppy zone with
Remember QR Codes?
Yikes.
What were any of you thinking?
Great article.
Thanks!
sitting here chilling want to play cod later?
Did you know that Diesels that are 98 and newer are required to get a smog check to renew your tags
Sarah Palin and I share something in common; we both can't leg go of our blackberries!
Julianne Moore
Hahah, oh man Youtube is so funny.
Everything is falling apart in my life :'
Having dinner  spending time with my brother is always a highlight in any day.
Vacation is awesome....walking on beach, best massage of my life and lots of good food and doctornk...
What's everyones favorite track off Finally Famous ?
really misses owning Photoshop and Illustrator.
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW IF YOU DO YOU COULD WIN A PAIR OF RED BEATS BY doctor HEAD PHONES!
The Boy Who Could Fly IS SUCH A GOOD MOVIE !
Really want to start a new tv series, but can't get away from The Office.
Kacey is afraid of it.
Remember when we were kids and couldn't wait to grow up...what the hell were we thinking?
I had someone tell me they gon cheat on me oh I needed that.
we living in ah fantasy!
It was a perfect blend of poetry and meanness.
You've Got Mail
say hi to the boys from They'll be foodservice equipment and supply experts when they return to Pittsburgh!
I just went through the same conundoctorm.
All good band names are taken.
You have a rad name dude, stick with d dep.
Didn't go see anyone off to prom 
Mac Miller 
Spotify flow...
Music.
in whitehaven , ion know why lol ..
let me go see my grandma and go home !
Excellent healthy breakfast!
And you know, I Love fine tuning the already Fit and Fabulous!
Me too!!!
I suddenly thought about things I want to get and got more excited.
Sometimes you come across personalities like diamonds in life.
HOLD ONTO THEM!
This meeting is boring :
thanks for connecting, would love to see your work!!
Connect with us at www.Dance4Christ.net We need more ballet.
I remember that tourney from hs day ls whose on the final?
And you looked right at me and said you didn't THINK
winner winner chicken dinner!
Echoes of silence...the weeknd
Happy Valentines Day everyone!!!!
This Task Lead thing...
Its kinda fun.
Too bad its only for two weeks...
The Spanishlanguage newssource with the most followers on Twitter is cc
Sweet!
I'll try to make it if I can spare the hour.
Sounds like fun!
No school tomorrow so we can run the golf tournament?
I'll take it.
BestTVThemesEver fresh prince!
I like you...a lot.
haha I couldn't take it anymore so, I got it cut and hasn't been that long since 7th grade.
Moebius'spoetrychallengeMotherfuckers
kids Baseball Clinic  North Hills Baseball Summer Camp at Scharmyn Park, Fri, May 11 7:00p: InstructorsHead Coach Nate Buttenfield,...
Aaron Rodgers and Ryan Braun will have a restaurant bearing their names.
The 812 restaurant in Brookfield is expected to open in late June.
The problem with losing weight is that the reward for eating less is Eating even less.
Wooooohooooooo!!!
Life is super sweet!
I love everything!
Xoxoxoxo
no school i can do this game starts at 11 cant wait
Haiti to Miami...WOW What a AMAZING way to spend Thanksgiving...puts it all in perspective!
Follow us on facebook  facebook.com/tebowtees
Ppl love candy?!
The Childoctorn's Author Academy Session 3 starts Oct 7th More info  register at www.LauraDuksta.com/academy
Omegle  A Site Like ChatRoulette That Promises More Strangers ...
About to listen, hate I'm working when you're on live.
yea we own the name NVMe.Ent
Please everyone follow me I always follow bak
Watching one of my favorite movies IceAge The Meltdown with
I think they will finish tonight.
RT : will game be final?
Restarted where at, or completely redone?
may i ask what it is
About to go to bed then I realized I had history homework to do....
No more doctornking for awhile my Libra scales are losing balance
It's almost party time!!
See the map below if you need directions.
Convergence 1755 NW 16th St.
7:30pmMidnight.
keep hearing we need a president like Donald Trump.
what we really need is a president that actually does what they campaign about!
Come to Philly 3
are you serious?
i want details!
lockouts, rekey, repair and installation, full locksmith service at the lowest prices in town.
Steak n shake milkshake, yum!
i want a beer and a goodnights sleep
Between MarchMadness on my laptop and SXSW outside of this coffee shop, this AERA paper is completely screwed.
Paramorewhere the lines overlaps.
yeah and?
knows me all too well
Don't forget about Mom this Sunday!
There are so many things she deserves.
What are you thinking?
If you think I'm gonna fall off you're so wrong
People need to start Riding there SkateBoards to Bullard
Sorry about that!
Happy to hear that it got fixed.
Tweet4Assistance if you require any help.
Enjoy the day!
Any fun plans?
One Cʘsmos: Freedom and Truth, Intelligence and Reality
Robert3 follow me : im trying to get the whole crew to follow me!!: and your one thats NOT following me XD change that?;
Thanks for the follow, Bob.
thanks for the rt!
Have you checked out the site?
God is involved in your life to the degree you submit yourself to His authority.
Come out tomorrow then man!
Hah.
We have a show down that way.
Ideas shape the course of history.
John Maynard Keynes
when you come to moline i BETTER get another hug from you.
;
Awesome time at  speaker series with and last night.
Helluva turnout Chicago!
smwchic speaks of 50s style decor we grow as people we change thank goodness for 21st century
Crazy weekend in DC.
Walked over 8 miles seeing the sights yesterday.
Worked my tail off at our booth today.
: Thanks for your suggestion.
We agree; it's so refreshing!
Visit www.miajoycandles.etsy The perfect gift for the one you love on Valentines Day?
I love that musical.
Thanks for the RT!
Maybe.
And yeah, followers have been dwindling.
you creepin, purple ninja?
team Lynda F., Teresa M., and Gretel SK gave a very informative ipad project presentation
might have to look at getting a promo code out there for march/april for spring breakers and early summer vacation planners
Hi i miss you 3 How's school :p
what about the holding penalty on the Giants on the third down play when it was 90?
If the Giants get the first...blowout.
Chicago RT : Now that we did the Rondo argument, Chicago pizza or NY pizza?
it's a good thing we have 435 days to get in shape..
31 in Soccer today as Corinthians wins 30 get on the soccer list
FREE!
Limited quantity of 2009  2010 TX Judicial Summit DVDs  pay only shipping/handling.
Order at www.child.tcu.edu under DVD Sales.
What can YOU do to make it a great day?
It doesn't happen to youYOU make it happen!
Ha, oh yeah.
Forgot you could actually fly into Eugene from LA.
Two places that couldn't be more opposite.
Breaktime  Grimaldi's Brick Oven Pizza
This monstrosity weighing on my shoulders, it seeps through my blood, just hovers beneath...

I NEEDA doctorNK
I  love this song!
Good call coach.
cant wait
C'mon Celtics!
You can't be serious right now!
RT If you were ever a Buzzie at !
CS
Breakfast at 6:45.
Job site visits till 10.
Then heading to corporate.
Got my haircut at Roosters today.
Good scene.
Free beer!
Where does everybody get their hair cut?
Congratulations on you're followers :
I knw u voted 2day right?
U shld come enjoy the evening with me at Ted N Wally's in the old market 2nite at 10p...fun shit is bound 2 happen
That feeling when you're really tired and you finally fall into your bed.
LOVEBUTTON.
and thanks for your kind words!
Greatly appreciated!
Thanks Arlington for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
because we have the attention spans of squirrels?
;
Got new ringtones.
Found out I can get new text tones as well.
o too lazy to plug my phone back in and do it.
Sounds good :

OnlineBusiness Tip: Getting away from your laptop for even 2 mins will allow your eyes to rest  keep you from getting tired.
Hmm.
Okay, keep us posted if car hasn't moved in 710 days.
No limits to parking that side of JWD.
Thanks for following!
Hope u enjoy the tweets!
Mostly about food.
Blacks aren't ordinary Americans?
Somebody forgot to give them the memo.
Enjoying Atlanta with my special friend...I'm happy...
The small things means the most to me in everything that you do..
yeah, last day there sadly!
Will have to check out Oxen next time.
After Akkurat we had dinner  Soldaten Svejk.
M raggmunk!
In her 'Crocs' lol RT I bet Sally Smith listens to Nickelback
So apparently doesn't have enough information to take a stand on Afghanistan?
Someone better etchasketch him a position
I hope these Chandler Jones rumors do not come true, at least in 1st round
for you!
I have no idea how to respond when they say that.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
Enjoy it with your families and God bless all.
Ugh monsoon.
Glad I put less than zero effort into my hair this morning.
Happy birfffday to me
Thankyou all for the follow i hope you enjoy our tweets and deals.
Had a good talk with Shannea yesterday.
u still gonna kick it wit us tonight
come home to me
is moving to New York City in exactly one week!
ONE WEEK!!!
the stabbing story was both funny and horrifying
is covered in scratches from crawling in bushes and being attacked by Mari's cat.
And now Mari owes her.
Huge.
Cue packing.
Ahh, favors...
My packaging project actually turned out kind of awesome.
I hope I can get a good picture of it.
What is going on outside?!
First I hear firecrackers and now I hear either someone honking a bicycle horn or playing the trumpet..
you should be grounded.
Every day things I wanna learn: how to use the m, m, mister and mc keys on a calculator.
thank you for all your support
digitalexperience team rocking demo of responsive design case studies
Will someone give me a shoutout :
Who!!
Green machine
2 favorite hobbies getting money and spending it
HRod crapped the bed, but bullpen has mostly been good this season.
No question they need Storen back, though.
You know what it is
Holidays have officially arrived, family, awesome food, tennis, and just 3 days till San Diego.
I think Kate Middleton could've done better for herself
your mean to!
cuz we 3s you, boo ; RT: I fuggin love having a Little Big Burger just around the corner from my house.
They're always hitting.
Helping a friend move hi storage unit and I keep wanting to yell, YUP!
The inner workings of Chile's Very Large Telescope
Can't wait to doctornk some mojitos for my bday tonight!
mayb he'll get them for u now that he know
I'm trying to remember the words but I really can't.
can't even swim, why does he have a surfboard?
Lol.
If your thinking about using a QBBC strategy this year I would take a long look at Kolb...got plenty of weapons...
it'd probably more along the lines of mental health, stress, behaviors, etc.
Apparently the underscore was too much for some people
Newt Gingrich is an expert on space.
He put the ass in Astronaut.
Surely everything is created for a reason.
Surely our lives have a purpose.
FYI, your yahoo email seems to have been hacked.
thanks for following George and Diana!
Have a great evening!
doctorll doctorll doctorll
No 3: the delicate set of ergonomic requirements that must be met if I dont want my arm to go numb after 30secs on the comp.
wait, isn't your new place ovenless?
If that's the case.
you may need that pie maker.
html/css doctorving me nuts.
What sort of design for the Shirt?
We can help you make your design a reality so you can get your shirts printed.
will your new place of employment pay for tuition?
Roommate wisdom: Passwords are like underwear, you should change them frequently and never leave them lying around haha
15 minutes left!
: better late than never!
Just voted to elevate Baltimore!
otis4mayor
Congrats to everyone who passed the HSPA , and to everyone who didn't..
Let's go hard in October guys.
MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE !!!!!!
: 3333 tweet it!!
In the hospital all alone.
I wish I had someone here to support me
I said alien.
I think you misheard...
You are remembered for the rules you break.
Douglas MacArthur
we always do!
How is it possible that I, as a garlic lover, had gone my whole life not eating garlic bagels?
I want those 26.5 years of bagels back.
Everyone follow my homie real movement right here
Wade was worse for sure  the play WORKED!
He had a layup that he missed.
St.
Aloysius School Breaking Down the Walls  Jackson NJ Online
I truly hope that 2012 is the year that all of this ends.
Bowling all day as Long as its Pete Weber.
Gotta love a guy that talks smack and wears shades while bowling
Descendents were amazing!
On to the ALL show.
This is the best day ever.
Howdy, Did you get my email re MUSE?
Sent it to emphatic.org
exactly.
Missouri is second to none for supporting a basketball team.
Miami is apathetic, but sure could be good
it is all about the standing meeting.
goodluckjohn !
: RT I love you all the way from here in the states :
Three Thornburg Mortgage Officers Charged with Securities Violations
Wasn't for sure w/out the suit  tie but the SKC shirt should have given it away.
Next time!
Edmodo is amazing!
My students love it and so do I!
This your boy Lope  Dope  Lyric and you now rocking with cha Boy.
Quarta Lope aka Qp.
You Dig!!
let's have another.one....
1970s disco, lol
yep very busy so far, hoping things will calm down a bit now it's April!
; how about you?
Omg what type of crap is going over here omg no sleep and a toothache this sucks
school ooh well today last day soo I'm gonna miss alt of ppl :
Exactly, so good!
My students love the semicolon.
I don't know how to make them stop.
Everyone pls follow They are a wonderful organization!
I hope to be doing some awesome events w/ them in the near future!
Today was an ok day just af
The only good thing about being this sick is being able to do absolutely nothing!
Congrats on the article!
It's jacking it up even more.
Moving paragraphs and the picture stays in the same place.
thanks for updates.
I think becuase your twitter private i can't retweet your posts to me.
it's like just now starting to bruise.
But it's still all swollen,:
When I Come Home..
I'm Gonna Be A Different Person!
omg your so narsistic
Chillin with the fam before the week away
Live christian rappers lol fun fun day
some have already tripled.We don wan no middle class in collages!
Sined Mitt!
1st thing we need to do is to get our talent to make there auditions that they keep missing.
That's part of the 30K right there
You're right, must be the meth making me suspicious and jumptoconclusiony.
I have no use for bodyguards, but I have very specific use for two highly trained certified public accountants.
Elvis Presley
True happiness...is not attained through selfgratification but through fidelity to a worthy purpose.
HelenKeller quotes Thoughts?!?
That sounds great!
I'll contact you before.
Thanks so much.
Dan Jimenez
If I were to name this next class I'm looking at I think I would call it sit Indian style and chat to your neighbor
I actually purchased and attempted to cook frog legs after watching an episode of Chopped.
The show plays with your mind.
It's all thanks to Stephen Colbert.
ok, then I'll slightly agree with the personality part mainly because most women are born crazy anyway!
:
Thanks to Sam for calling in and a great discussion.
Stay tuned  your emails are coming up after the break!
Sister for sure!
You wouldn't ever be able to loose him!
Racing tonight at Toyota Speedway Irwindale.
Come on out and watch in the demolition derby.
Meet  great before the race.
Saw TheHungerGames movie.
The bf is now hooked!
Waking up after an hour and a half nap 
Oh and who the hell is she?
Walking on Clouds
im tired and i dont feel good.
fml
BREAKING: ChickFilA employee misses target; pours milkshake mix on Goldlink server causing final grades to be massively altered.
Hella my boy got 11.hours to go: Dis nigga prolly board on his way to JackTown
thanks for leaving the note on my desk.
Sorry I missed you.
That's awesome!
I like your chinese blocks 3
Creativity is gift possessed by a lucky few.
Right?
Wrong.
says there's a Steve Jobs or a Bob Dylan inside of all of us.
i swear i thought they were girls ;O
Want a movie star smile?
Give us a call!
www.kravitzdental.com
Merry Christmas, kiss my ass.
Kiss his ass.
Kiss your ass.
Happy Hanukkah.
I'll be in LA on the 26th of this month and we could meet up like practically anywhere up there.
Is that okay?
Congrats!!
What did u do??
A 9 point lead on the lakers is just as good as a tie game
congrats!
Keep tweeting so we can follow!
hope we get to meet up for some good old CC time : I miss you!
We honor the ancient games by imagining them modern.
WWW.Pokatok.com
This is our House!!!
honestly, love the iPhone, wouldn't use anything else...
Tuesday special 20 Suicide Bubble Hash and 35 Sour Bubble
Go back to where you came from....
I wanna see them again soon too : apparently in April a bunch of awesome bands are gonna be in Covington!
Hey now!
Merritt will be playing Atlantic City all week.
oh my land, chuck brown has died.
so many college memories with his music.
he will be missed!!!
I will hold you to it.
I hope the application is victorious!
Heartless K boot walk across timeline
so excited that you folks understand the joy of reading missed connections.
happy new year, John!
ease up!
I will eventually.
Good Luck!
You'll do great!
:
My panini toscano was missing its basil today, bummeroni!
...and is a better QB than his limited playing time would indicate.
Still a wild card; Wallace, he won't improve.
Keep McCoy.
Your body is like a pill I shouldn't take
you're very gunny
This weekend if you want to submit questions you can!
:

Super wow.
Psyched to get my kayak out of winter storage tomorrow for some early season paddling!!!
Shoulder workout!
You and me both, brother.
I'm 4/5ths of the way through watching the 'prequel' movies.
what do you do exactly?
just pitched in front of 500 wonderful supporters, feeling ecstatic to be here
I celebrate no man's death.
My today acting lesson was overproductive.
Librarians: if you're at the airport pass up Starbucks  check out Coffee People
haha you just woke up?
I got 37th today.
No dice.
Did you make it?
Hey cousin, nice to see you on twitter!
Looking forward to your culinary tweets!
Ready To dance!
Today, plaza will be blazing with a fiery National Dance Day celebration.
SYTYCD 
How bad are the ?
1222......come on.
You're the defending AL central champs!
nd yea, forreal niqka.
nd yea i got a job but i wanna get another one
follow me I put pictures up of my butt all day ;
just wait untill you read the 2nd book.
It gets very emotional...
But still kinky!

Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in.
Oh yeah!
And doesn't Tinkerbell fly out of the castle?
NO ONE GETS TO DO THAT EXCEPT FOR ME!!!
ABOSLUTLEY NO ONE;
welcometoparadise codyjakeustream shoutoutt to Megan, Sammy, and Jackie in NY ?
Pretty please ?
3 Or follow ?:
May 17 is my bday right?
Well could you say happy birthday if u cAn?
Ur my idol!
ILy;
i was told i had a big fore head by some faketits, well u know what?I had a haircut 2day n my stylst said its not big soo booyah
endnote import endgame
HAPPY THANKSGIVING :
Round two with the royer...I wish this thing didn't cost 1000
Always fun when your team comes back from a 70 deficit
We play at 12:30 on the Aquarius Stage at !
Get over to Quik Trip park in Grand Prairie, Tx!!!
Ah.
I heart Elaine.
Ginger cats rock.
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked will you stop singing?
He smokes weed too much!
We shared our lockers in high school.
Our crew is looking forward to hearing you speak, Stefan.
Zach  Wine for the people!!!
TruthRT : Im still tripping of this Nashville girl who made the show , that put a bad rep on the girls from here!
told me to stop talking to her:
haha, did you call him Josh?
yes ma'm it is.
That moment when you secretly grab something from your friend and when he looks for it, you take it out and say I'M A NINJA..
Lol.
RT : D1debate needs to refer to notes to say she's been married to her husband
Congratulations on the house!
I know what that's like.

Keep your chin up my friend, things will get better soon, I'm always here for you.
Flexibility is a very attractive trait.
It don't matter.
Where u at?
Endorsed RT NO PLEASE LET'S JUST PRETEND THIS WILL ALWAYS BE REAL!!
ok that link is awesome thanks a ton!
what's that like?
Have you started watching Murder She Wrote and clipping coupons?
IM SORRY IM JUST SO HAPPY!
It's not really hit me yet!
LOL I'll probably break down at the funeral  burial!
They'll b playing Taps, always gets me!
:
A handful of Roasted Almonds and a piece of Dark Chocolate
lol not yet, we need more money
Great.
Thanks for the heads up.
As a result of not having insurance,we have decreased access to the preventive services that would allow us to live longer,healthier,lives.
this is great, we are the only ones in chucky cheese..
full run of the place :
Thanks!
You too!
Senator Alex Mooney speaking at breakfast.
Excellent event!
Christopher Plummer well deserved best supporting.
And so fing sweet.
Time is going by so slow can't wait until I c my baby.
what's good
I don't know who invented high heels, but all women owe him a lot.
you blamed oit
Too excited for tonight.
was hit by a car in a hitrun as a pedestrian...tore my shoulder all up, my surgeon had 2 put humpty dumpty back 2gether ha
But...
I heard you say you loved me.
And, that's the part I can't forget.
I wish you'd come back to save me, 'cuz i'm dangling off the edge.
Sometimes holding a girl when she needs you, means more to her; than any gift money can buy.
Blended Learning Designs is my fav session of eli2011 so far.
: Picked up my show and win purses from the office.
Only in Hong Kong!
Wow.
Real purses!
actually they could be random ill rap to anything
surely firm decisions!
and to get what you want is to recognise what you dont want and stay away from it.
Have a Slammin Sunday Tim!
Same question can be asked about doctor Zhivago
What's the most wicked thing a group of young accountants can do?Go into town and gangaudit someone.
Booking some shows!
Anybody wanna play?
Check out the Facebook and comment on the status!
facebook.com/collaterallive
you could just have them tweet everything.
How bad can it go in 140 characters?
LOL
Back in LA after a very good rbms10 conference.
Great sessions on change mgmt, born dig mss, and others.
Philly a great meeting city too.
See they can trigger me But they'll never figure me out!
Besides economics, 2 trends related to RePEc: institutional repositories, open bibliographic data.
Hoping for Zack Ryder on this one
Wendi!
Watch out for provocateurs bearing pies!
You bothered to wear underwear?
I LOVE LISTENING TO AUSTIN CARTER MAHONE SING
OMG I think Floyd Merriweather is so darned m!
Golf tournaments, Galas, Cigar Lounges, Steakhouses, Trade Shows and Conventions...
we shine anywhere!
You're in NYC, I'm in NYC.
You work for E!, I want to work for E!.
I'm starting to see a pattern.
Let's make this happen!
realest to ever do it.
Finally made an Instagram.
I'm a photographer now, right?
You don't do Connerys?
are you for serious?
great to see your back on the road.
I am sorry for your loss.
Not them specifically but I certainly have libertarian tendencies.
Thus the Movie Anarchist.
haha!
Thank you!
Maybe not unethical, but def disadvantages poorer students
Wow!
That is very cool!
Thank you for sharing!
Haha, I was referring to the Peach in Gaffney.
:
January is coming to an end, how are your New Years Resolutions holding up!?
Let Wild Canyon Games help you achieve them!!
Stay tuned...
Just bought extra clickers for big division talk and student GAVE me his; said bookstore wouldn't buy it back?
Lots o'good karma to you sir!
That may be the first mention of Seoul in an SOTU since Eisenhower.
haha!
That's definitely how he did it.
I want one so bad hahahaha
Hi school.I'd appreciate it if you'd go my fast for the next 2 weeks.
German Shepherd Dogs have even been trained by the military for parachute jumps!
Mercury goes Direct today!
Energy flows better in all communications, technology  transportation.
Sign contracts, initiate new beginnings!
your gonna keep begging him until he folows you??
being Blk mean.
U Against all odds.
But i still wont trade it 4 nothin n da world.
:
guess what ill have an apartment this summer!
you better visit :D
Just got emoji....i have been missing out...
How much can you afford?
Enjoying pourover at Frank  Getting work done outside the office today enjoying Austin on 2 wheels :
Thrilled to now be connected with  FF these brilliant folks!
Home sweet home.
Think I got all of the hashtags out of my system this weekend.
Joe Daggs zips in for a try.
Score now 305.
Conversion no good.
hahah how could I ever forget lol especially how ya did me wrong ahah
Apr 1,1922: King George V congratulated Churchill on his role in creating Irish Free State.
whats even funnier, thoughts are my own.
Lets go Brewers!
Dj Cyn at MotherLoaded Tonight for thirsty Thursdays!!
Hope 2 C u!!
ah me too!
Who do you think you are?
I am!!!!
Pete Weber
Thank you so much Timothy!
Happy THanksgiving!
:D God bless
Hey douchebag!
Yeah, you Obama!
DontDoubleMyRates!!
Fat Peoples Necks oO
So for my day off all my teachers gave me homework!
My English teacher gave me a lot of pages to read in this book,they think I have no life
Closing a show is a bummer, but being proud of what you do is an unparalleled gift.
One more final tomorrow then i am outta here!!
Well, that would be a positive!
lol RT : The only positive about this meltdown is no more Vinny next year
I keep getting food caught in the holes Where my wisdom teeth use to be.
Finding it hours later.
Yuck!
What did I do to deserve this?
You're out of my life for good, it's my fault.
Fuck my damn life.
RT Don't talk, just act.
Don't say, just show.
Don't promise, just prove.
Man I got some fine frats.
Lord help me!
Lost?
Follow me I'll take you to the high life
how's your day goin?
ill be there before that!
the doors open at 530 lol i can try and save ya a seat :
I'll be on FoxNews around 12:40 PM tomorrow.
Hope you can catch it!
Thanks!
OMG YOU TOO?!?
:o You've actually talked to her ONCE.
Remember that crazy girl that was stalking me  my friends?
I wonder how many lesbians it takes to eat a watermelon?
National Library Week will be celebrated April 8 to April 14
Any fool can downsize; it take brains, vision and fortitude to grow a business.
Scramble with friends, doctorw something RT : Bought my 1st IPad today.
What r the must have apps to download?
There's so much rallying on the streets.
College towns are pretty awesome.
We will be offering a special tonight  Tokyostyle Shoyu Ramen.
Hope you'll stop by if you're in town this holiday weekend!
I felt like doctorke made all them songs for us when i was with that mf.
Smh I don't want that back.
Just won our game against ME 97
HITTIN THE HOME STUDIO TODAY!!
cool showing off bet
good morning Jeff
Bootie Boston now has an amazing light show!
Hell yes!
I forgot how much I love Yats :
What big plans do you have for 2012?
You don't have to wait until January 1st to get started get a jump on everyone else!
If kid in coffeehouse shrieks one more time, I'll obtain legal guardianship  put him up for adoption.
Stand down, tyke.
We are filming this afternoon for 'The Wall' at a wall on Rhode Island NE!
Thank you to all our supporters on for this piece!
What now, Indianapolis?
Let's not lose the momentum.
And so ends another Robot vs.
Dinosaur sketch revue.
Love and Friendship abound.
Raw kicks off with the game H!
ppl tell me that all that all time cuz hes all over my binder, and i say im just a true Mahomie, and im proud of it!
Weather in South Beach is perfect!
Can we keep it like this year round?
Gonna watch the Dog Town and Z Boys documentary with some Chado Tea Room smokey tea.
LA combos...
We have a tentative date for our Grand Opening, keep the date open..February 16th :
what is a great Christmas present for a couple who loves boating in Lake Havasu and Martinez Lake and rhino off roading?
Looking 4 Love n the wrong places will eventually result n settling 4 situations that leave u feeling degraded 
Traffic makes me tired
Do you need to be bailed out?
Can we put brackins in game 2 just to rose rondo?
Wrong?
You bet
...miss u to babe
J.
G.
Gallimore: Image creates desire.
You will want what you imagine.
I'm on call tonight too...
1 of 6 eh?
rough...
Been wondering all day why this pair of boxers doesnt have the hole in front.
Just now realized I put them on backwards this AM
ooh i love creepy/stalkerish times ;
I'm happy today is Friday.
My first attempt was terrible.
Sticky goopy dough, then spongy thick noodles.
Try again!
I improved.
What was the problem?
I feel like hashtagging porn isn't really a smart idea.
Silent mornings are like muted operas that waltz in slow doctorg for that omnisupernatural cloud of exhalation through godless exaltation.
Not that the Tigers aren't capable of coming back in this game, but there's really no way in hell this game should be where it is.
4 day weekend here I come!!!
thanks for the recommendation!
Sounds like she needs a Fresh Juice!
Thinking of starting a cooking blog...
thoughts?
oh man, we can't be friends anymore.
Just wrote to Toyota.
Prostate cancer awareness is too important to ignore!
Shouldn't have spent 9 bucks on that food
Thank you for all of the tweets!
I think I might!!
Lol.
I'll take lots of pictures and post them on here 3
Just voted!
Focusing on filling in my career gaps, thanks to advice from
/ And the BUZ loves you...
Way to bringit!
1 of every 5 homes will experience a breakin or violent home invasion.
Contact Alliance Security at 8777602143 to add a security system
I just cracked up as much as we did in science last year!
haha
Congrats on reaching WS.
Would root for the Nat'l leaguebut I haven't forgiven Cards for rabbitball excesses of the 80's.
what the fuck.
are you kidding me??1
whatilovethemost when a guy is honest with me:
I keep getting errors when trying to link my account to my Twitter.
Any help?
As in, site optimized for PC/Laptop/Mac/Desktop/Netbook/Tablet viewing?
:
I tend to freak out about things faster than I probably should how can I calm myself and keep relaxed?
Ewww.
Almost as bad as, Was that a cockroach?
You should have overtly nutpunched him.
Unless that's what you mean by rejecting, in which case, high five!
Hello Twitterworld!
I just made a new account to keep track of my history and museum interests.
Motivational speakers are popular for all types of meetings
Fun seeing in a comedic role!
Makes me love him even more!!
So much fun!
Happy to be a part of it.
G did an awesome job!!
I just had the same thought yesterday.
I ended up being out somewhere on 35 in the boonies.
aaaahhhh Glee and Bieber.
Nothing better.
So whats up with people doing thatawkardmomentwhen blahblah when they havnt even been IN that awakard moment!?
I would love for the American people to compare something.
W.bruzzesiforpres.com.
Take a look at the difference.
Happy Thanksgiving Woodland family!
We miss you guys!
They look like they're designed by tentmakers and with lots of room for shoplifted items.
savoring the quiet house now that the boyfriend has left town for a few days...yoga time!
:
Hold on...when did TMac start playing with the
thanks girl
Las Vegas.
Why not?
Now that i passed all my nursing exams lets celebrate yall!
who cares if its 11am?
There are over 10 webcams monitoring the robotics lab at all times.
They are watching me tweet right now.
Thanks for following, Mic.
Look forward to your posting on 'BigIssues'  Heaven knows there are plenty of them.
I just heard a department manager say, I dont know how to make manwich.
Really??
well than u must hate ur self
did I just see you at a Greek restaurant on 3rd ave in NYC?
If that was you my gf likes you more than me :
Thanks, Lisa and Becca!
Eating a vegetarian sandwich whose main feature is ginger teriyaki seitan.
It tastes much less evil than it sounds.
i like Arleen.
First class over.
Students presented on proper use of punctuation.
Now grading papers during lunch.
Thanks again to everyone who joined us for the May Day parade!
Check back for updates on future parade opportunities.
Hey!
Are you there?
you should make two of those.
HE'S SO SKINNY FJEWBHGTEHRED
Yeah, and in a strange twist the Teajadists...
is a FOOL CelebrityGame !
Shooting scenes for La Virgen
Anyone searching for a super great deal in Simon Kenton Farm in Springfield, OH?
Working out with my bro time to get RIPPED!!
n then baseball with the bros!
;
haha, OK i will
It's just as bad in the US, with rightwing conservatives...male, of course...thinking they know what's best for women.
Shut up.
Tonights performance is by the talented band, Smalltown.
Happy Hour is from 47 and the live music begins at 9  see ya there!
Oh I'm fine.
I was too lax about my long run hydoctortion.
You'd just go for Sunday, right?
We could have a Holy Saturday funday!
Thanks for coming out D.
I must say it was awsome to put smiles on so many youg faces!
I was just at a dinner and in my group was the editor of The 'Burbs and Matinee...my night was awesome.
lol well its awkward yo talking to me again
yup!
So nice.
Final moving day!
So ready to be done packing and carrying boxes.
Limited internet in next few days.
Should be back on by mid week.
If you really want to break in China, I've got the person to talk to.
Not kidding.
Hm.
I picked Saints by 17.
Didn't realize it would happen in the 2nd Q.
Come on Lions.
You've got 'em where you want 'em.
Yummy Pasta Alfredo 3 My Favorite!!
Life is meaningful when a person's heart is full of love  Peter Dunov
well from what I heard last night.
The leak?
Nah.
J bakes
All the way
RT :My music and certain artists are apart of my world : Dear music, thank you for always being there for me when nobody was
Hello.
Maybe we can help each other.
I need a programmer to work on one of my inventions.
ugh.
ima need them too break up.
how do you know?
Let me know if you ever need help with promo, merch, street team stuff etc.
I'm looking to intern this summer.
Free is good :
I made something out of nothing thanks for NOTHING
INCREDIBLE night of dancing at byxbarndance so blessed to have amazing guys involved in BYX here at the Eta Chapter!
what would you do if I told you id bring you some corndogs to the show on june 2
Garbage expands so as to fill the receptacles available for its containment.
Parkinson's Law of Garbage
love it mere bear
Part 2 on Navigating the Casual Dating Relationship forthcoming this afternoon.
great how u been
Mark Teixeira is a fan of musicals, and says his favorite play is Les Miserables.
He also enjoys Miss Saigon and Phantom of the Opera.
The path of the one ends at the source.
Are we still on for the Nickelback concert in April?
Does anyone have a sample business proposal and business plan
HOLY CRAP I heard is at the JBC.
He is one of the guys that made me want to get into covering games and I am here.
WOW
No good holiday movies this year.
Marvelous Irish music here on Johnson Avenue in the Riverdale section of the Bronx.
I applied to target in their store.
I've went to little department store in cal city by the mal  they say i have to do it online, i've
I'm not getting any of your texts and I have the same number..
so i think you and I should apply to Buffalo Wild Wings together.
This is torture.
And I've heard that about book three.
That's sad.
bo ties all time UW wins mark with 265.
hats off to you sir.
you write about saving money and you play the lottery?
hm
Enough with the I just saw something terrible said about you Spam feeds!
they are ridiculous!!!
Perfect weather for a hate crime.
girl ur body is always sore
At HIGHLANDER open mic Fredericksburg  Medical
being a hardass is becoming the new trend
I remain open to possibility!
Welcome to PBS the series looks awesome.
The Political Hurricane is looking for people interesting in writing for our website.
Looking for Tampa and Jax area writers.
Murley New Year!
1 day people and I'll be in Chicago!
Kudos to organizing and working on the great NSMN event tonight!
I know I am and I'm trying.
Self confidence has never been one of my strong points.
Her name is Maria Hill.
Get it right.
Fast, efficient and ontime closings are just some of the benefits of working with the Randy Watkins at WJ Bradley Mortgage.
nisoEbook Eschenfelder licenses requiring print first are increasing; also print delivery for I'LL when permitted
I think gratuitous is the word...
the Mad Men writers are better than that.
Haha.
Btw, since you work there, can u tell me what happened to Tommy Anders?
I loved that guy.
I'm leaving the GPS below of the place that we're staying at because I am pretty sure that we will be murdered in our sleep.
create a wall and knock it down
I wonder who took that pic?
They are an amazing photographer; Beautiful as always
guuesssss il go to sleep 
How are ya on this beautiful Friday morning?!
French Market this Saturday
Forget the taste of me and follow your instinct
hey davis!
whats good?
i'm doing great.
any shows coming up?
I cant stop crying...
Tribefest takeaways.
Read to kidsoften.
Get tested and get your community tested.
Do good as often as possible.
doctornk tap water
How are you my friend!!!!
Eli wins in big brother's house.
An extra special feeling for the Manning family.
Lucroy is probably one of the best hitting catchers in baseball
We are talking to bryan out there now trying to set something up in the near future ;
Good night guys!
Sucks it was raining :
is it from Japan?
Nicely played, my friend.
: cc:
2 more hours left of work whewww
Congrats on booking a movie in your hometown!
I got caught up..
I'll be running late.
No it's back online
Damn Flyers Come on DEVILS WTF
I should have included attempted pun titles in the hashtag
Fck.
its too late to b foolin.
Lol im taking my ass to bed.
No more straight vodka.o
as if playing uke wasn't challenging enough already  tried playing in a doctoram last night.
fingers bending worse than usual
Looks dope!
Look forward to a great and VERY busy weekend!!
And a wonderful weekend to all of you too!
:
Take it to the head 
TODAY 45 p.m.
ArtSocy 2309: David Cotter presents SLACer Life: Composing a Career at a Selective Liberal Arts College, reception after.
I just called my doctor to proudly announce that I selfdiagnosed through WebMD.
She just said stop that
i hate sharing a 6pack..now im one beer less
I hate it when my parents talk to me about american idol.
They of all people should know i dont care about that show
more games in dimes during the regular season to adjust to the sight lines, why don't they bring back The big four games in Indy
Love it!
Interception becomes a Touchdown by Packers!
it won't load the video
where did you go?
The 99th anniversary of the Federal Reserve Act is later this year and our the dollar has lost 99 of its value.
Keep up the good work guys.
What would you do if you won the 54 million Mega Millions lottery?
I'm in love with baby cory : I wish I had a boy like cory matthews cutest 
Looking at the message of the campaign, one would think that having female plumbing is a special qualification for governor.
Ok, the person who answers the trivia question correct first, will get an amazing prize.
Alison Margaret jazz at Brink tonight, 8pm, no cover.
My blues and soul at Sprechers Friday, 8 pm, no cover, and Sat Fitchburg Days.
I have some dumbass friends .
.
.
Language is the doctorss of thought.
yay.
Your work matters : I'm so excited that gay marriage is gonna happen in California.
This is great!!!!!!!
Absolutely!
That and that it can be difficult to shift gears when you do have a bit of time to do your own stuff.
Any Chicago sports leagues looking for local sponsorship hit me up!
You'll be pleased to learn that and I are en route to Austin, in part to terrorize our boy Suggestions?
Follow Back
Lol, this live stream of UIW's commencement sucks.
Do they even know there's a camera off?
ofc i will buy then i will send to your addoctorss : ahahah
we would party!!!
HUD is making community planning tools available online.
I'll have to check that out.
RT : Happy National Volunteer Week!
/ cc
a happy one, my dear!
Nice day for a run at lunch.
Feeling good about the Baltimore 10miler on Saturday.
Criminal justice, engineering or legal/paralegal, we offer online college education for an array of courses.
Benefits here are immense...
Spending an hour on math homework is not my thing.
seersucker is perfectly acceptable anytime after Easter!
And who can love you like me..
Nobody.
Who can make love to you like me.
Nobody.
word up.
So true, that is..
Only 8 episodes behind in watching Glee.
1 Quinn w/ pink hair  hott.
Come unto me and I will give you rest Jesus
Anyone know of any shopping centers looking for an agency to mange their social media and online marketing?
no i lied...i hate when people wear high heeled crocs because they try to be cool...
As curator, JayZ is hand selecting the acts for the festival.
Check your DM for further info.
Takers should have been a way better movie
Many submit to despair and fail without realizing that they already possess all the tools required to acquire excellent wealth.
And iPads are everywhere!
So sad to hear that the horse that won Steeplechase died after he finished :
No more blimps would be sad!!
No!
Like we need to work on this Booship!
I asked where oh where was my Boo yesterday?
No response.
major melt down 5 minutes into it.
Lol
oh that's good!
:D so where are you from?
:
Fn standing room holy
How did I know you wanted to order some cans of Bud Light?
No, I'm not clairvoyant, I just saw you picking scabs off your face at the bar.
obviously!
She doin the most.
When they sing, Sue's the one who has to save the song.
Hahaha
Go see The Invention of Lying.
It's crazy funny.
Ricky Gervais is the sexiest chubby, pugnosed guy on the planet.
No lie.
The Cinco De Mayan calendar predicts that my world will end by 5:00 tomorrow.
RT : edchat in Ontario you are not allowed to count any work done at home as part of grade  WOW!
Side effects suckk.
pedicures with mom for mothers day :
Ask your Vet about Salmon Oil we have ithelps reduce the allergic inflammation in pets.
Tesla 'What You Give' is an awesome song!
MC Retro Rock keep it coming!
Yeah it was pretty comfortable.
I think I'm just going to steal it.
Remember Stories in the Sky is free this AM at 9:30  perfect outing for kids under 6!
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
Beach in the morning
RT : Catch us this Friday opening up for SLICK RICK at
haha you like that huh.
Lol
Tomorrow is the big HGTV reveal at our house!
Can't WAIT!
Thanks
At this secret hour, I was in my own chamber.
Contrary to your expectation, I was absent.
After spending over an hour clearing snow, a second breakfast is totally justified, am I right?
Tonight is Student Night!
Bring your student ID to get 2 ounces off!
Given the size of the universe...Life's ups and downs are meaningless!
I'll help the cause!
lol.
I refuse to think of them as an evil.
They're good things.
They make civilization possible.
also: beg borrow or steal your way to Powell's and then die happy, lost in the stacks.
Marley B will be performing  DV8 tonight for the Stop The Violence Summit check him out
In love, as in life, one misheard word can be tremendously important.
If you tell someone you love them, for instance.
looking forward to hockey season, and ready for the hot summer heat to end, whos with me
I wish I could Google anything.
I'd search WHERE THE FUCK IS MY IPOD?
and it would be like UNDER THE COUCH YOU DUMBASS!!!
You like music and you want to talk to other people that like music.
Then add yourself to this Group!!!
Donald and Peta are amazing,I'm in shock that and are eliminated.I hate when top couples get eliminated /:
Pretty good.
Lots of stuff coming up this month: teachins, marches, City Council meets.
We DO miss you.
B good wherever you are
Music 2.0Sonos Inc.
gains US25 Million Series C led by Index Ventures  adds Mike Volpi to board of directors.
You need to tweeter more haha lolz
There is no such thing as writing easy code in objective C.
Ask my students, they know.
It's just an EP.
She released it independently.
It's amazing though, her sound and her vision is so unique.
seriously just wish I had money and I could just relax.
I try so hard on everything and it just never pays off I want things to be different
You'll be out before me!
I go till June 6th.
But one day in June we go to Cedar Point:
u always do
Worst christmas in a while.
DJ ing  Lucky's Lounge tonight!
EubankMontgomery!
9pmClose!
No Cover!
Top40RockHiphopmore!
2  3 doctornk Specials!
hah!
That's unfortunate.
Just signed on www.twtmuzik.net
Got a new ipad
It's such a beautiful 3 minute expression of fury and energy.
It's never gotten old to me.
yes!
Chicago is not a cheap place at all.
We have tollways every where.
Those are suppose to pay for the roads.
good luck Rupert!
You really made life easier for thousands of folks
Perfect is trending because of 's amazing GOTV work today.
Also, someone named Phil Humber.
hahahahhahha i hope he does : what r u doing?
yeah, its harsh.
There were so many bad calls in that game.
But we are enjoying our bar we are doctornking and singing the night away
Got muscle?
I'm putting together a team to move boxes before Race for the Cure!
This Sat at 5:30 am!
Please let me know!
Shopping in Boston has been fun...so fun that I will be playing a game on how much I can get in my suitcases w/out breaking the zipper?
Unless you walk out into the unknown, the odds of making a difference in your life are pretty low.
awesome workout!
Nothing like finishing doctorpping in sweat!
kicks your ass!
How 'bout them COWBOYS!!!
budlight waste of money
Aww thanks!!
Yeah, Nachos are a great deal, too...
so much food for only 5.
Have you tried brunch yet?
your dog is the cutest 3 I want him
ThingsIDon'tLiketoHear RT A construction crane snapped at 4 WTC, steel fell onto the site.
As of now, 1 minor injury.
It's been about a year now, aint seen or heard from you.
I've been missing you crazy3
doctorve past with and Liam started crying because we didn't stop.
Thanks ...he's hooked :
Cashman in tough spot now.
Sox are much better and Yanks haven't landed anyone todate.
Can't see them sitting still.
Grenkie?
Whole lotta sirens in Midtown Manhattan.
Liberal populist Jim Hightower on my flight to DFW this morning.
In first class....hm.
me me me
ARealBoyfriend would send two dozen roses to your door step just because.
3
Thanks, Alan!
Steal away!!
:
I used to doctornk text my friends and now I send little funnies from parenting magazines.
With all the sunshine, this definitely counts as a patio friendly day!
Stop in for some lunch in the sun or doctornks on the patio after work.
I absolutely love  have been fortunate to be able to watch the show for many years.
Why am I inclined to not tune in?
Haven't been on the twitsphere for ages!
I should check in every once in a while...
Cheerio!
She has presented so many Oscars, It's good to see her get one!
:
Wassup with the weekend doe
Happy Halloween!
Anyone wearing interesting costumes this year?
Last time I saw that it took a week.
:
listening, question for you...why in a doctorught can millions of gallons be used for gas doctorlling?
Love Love Bible.is
re: regular education measurements  ask a museum educator
what????
Find her!!
Maybe I should come now.
Haha
LOL it's okay, I just bought some!!!!
You me lady ; always gorgeous.
Good seeing u, even 4 a Quik min.
Go fuck that mic up grlll!!!
For great Gelato, stop by Salute Wine bar  Cafe!
DateNightsDC Reserve a unique evening tour of the Cottage, Feb 10.
Email for more info  to make your reservation
Get 20 OFF your next online order.
Use Validation Code: 14nov  www.solopizzanyc.com until this Sunday
Sorry about this issue.
It should be fixed now!.
If you still are unable to request, just let us know!
follow rt if u follow all of them!
I will follow u back
: So u kno I had to get down too ain't hit a nigga hard like that in a minute I kno u ain't down there getting beat up lol
Only 4 more classes, and 4 more finals.
Summer here I come!!
adorbs!
I'm pretty sure the only reason our cats run down to the basement is so they can get rides back up in the laundoctor basket
If you provide me with an ETA I expect that you will be somewhat punctual.
Welcome to Twitter, ladies  gents.
Yes.
He and I are Cofounders for

glad you guys are watching and tweeting too  I don't know why I'm so into awards shows this season
thanks for this inspiration: ://articulationinc.com/blog/
let's do it.
awww that's cute : And yes, bananas are an all time favorite of mine.
CasualTrick gets his name from his breeding, as his dam is a daughter of Red Ransom named Casual Look
Never mind the time keeping!
Thanks for your excellent moderating of the great Payments Session at WIMA  NFC Monaco last week.
Fairly cool weather with morning clouds  fog next two days then, come Friday, we start warming up and next weeks is looking very hot!
I'm searching Facebook for people named Hontas, just because I think it would be cool...
to poke a Hontas.
Is having an insane crazy brunch at Bagatelle in NYC!
is it true???
ipad2 is.
In.
My.
Hands.
Wassup with that Rematch????????
I just participated in the Baltimore 48 Hour Film Project as an actor.
Our screening will be June 22 at the Charles Theatre in Baltimore.
Lord please have mercy upon the ones who are trying to live right.
This world is getting craziercrazier
The gin joint selection and housemade tonics at New Heights' Babinga Bar in NW DC really are top notch, even at 12.
Also: good morning.
Congrats on the new redesign  nextbillion2.0 looks great!
runningonempty ...no really though, being sick and not eating then working 95 the next day SUCKS.
can't wait until the weekend starts.
board your face with my ass.
How about strawberry flavored penis?
I'm sure you can find a guy to do that Someone come feed me strawberries
well, cuz I'm lazy and the fresh salmon at my Giant is questionable at best.
As a south asian artist in Los Angeles I found the venue for my work to be viewed and apreciated by a wide audience.
www.zanbeelart.com
I wanted to hop inside of it and take a nap..
All that other shit is irrelevant.
going to pphs winter concert tomorrow, yea im a
I have no energy in my body...
I guess I studied too hard lol My brain can't hand all these information plus other info :
As long as no one knows than nobody can care
If Romney loves this country so much and feel that obamacare is bad then why didn't he do anything in last 4 yrs?
RT Really paying for not doing any form of exercise what so ever in the past 5 years.
Is it really worth it....
Really?
Lessons from the NFL doctorft: If you make some moves and trade 1 or 2 you can move up  improve your chances of getting the 1 you really need!
TOO BAD MY DAD EMAILED HIM AT THE BEGINNING OF THE WEEK TELLING HIM!
MEHHH HEEEEH!
Congratulations on your wedding!
Turn on channel 3 if you were at nopantsaz  we're on the evening news!
Girl I know how much you really want somebody, somebody that don't really need you smh.
He speaking to em
I know right!
We don't even really get a winter.
and not just thick in the waist but Beautiful in the face
Words can't describe how happy I am that it's finnaly friday.
Every week?
LOL
yea bro I don't even make anything of it anymore...he talks shit about skip but with comments like that he is skip lol
True, but librarians need citizen support RT: Also, librarians are the best advocates for our libraries
Good morning!
RT Morning!
I feel like that fish in franks twitter pic
It pisses me off so much how my friends act like I'm so stupid...
New iced teas in stock!!
Blueberry, Strawberry and French Plum.
I need proof.
np Renegade  JayZ x Eminem
I'll check it out:
Nba is back!!
Its about time :
I forgot to tag y'all in my Kceleb envy but you did it for me by hollering back!
Obviously I'm not as good about my Hootsuite...
by shaving one tenth off our budget for the military industrial complex, wed all have health care and groceries forever.
to live is the most rarest thing in the world.
most people exist, that is all.
oh that suck you should for get everything and come back to Fresno
Welcome home if u haven't found a church home yet, would love to have you join me at
it takes awesome to know awesome
It's funny because I've been seeing him for years.
Things just turned now.
goodnight 3
My mom called me around 1:30 and just because I didn't answer my phone, she assumes I'm still sleeping.
Gee, thanks Mom.
I think my room is to dark maby later I will take a pic and tweet it later :3
just at koi having bday dinner for my buddy ice cream.
Wow had the best bisque ever, so spicy so good!!!
heard a weird sound during a phone call today...i think Pioli may have tapped my iphone...
Trying to get going this morning isn't easy...I'm so congested, it's leg/booty day  I have brunch with a client!
Ugh...
but how exactly?
Did I mention how much you guys rock?
Dont worry goober, I'm not!
You best be getting to school on time though ;
I forgive myself for perpetuating doctorma in my life.
I release doctorma and embrace freedom.
CM Punk is in the ring, and I know he's got something to say,
Hey Austin, we really wanted to say Thanks for the follow!
when i leave for good I'm gonna play the shit outta J.
Cole Home For The Holidays
I can almost see it, that doctoram I'm doctoraming, but theres a voice inside my head sayin 'you'll never reach it'.
You don't even deserved to be slapped by me.
My hand is to good for your face.
RT : I was grateful to see s words of support.
Look forward to working with him to get our country back on track.
well I will still be working.
what does that mean
I forgot to turn in my science homework, no A for me.
And that's a shame, that paper was good...
:
Many of our efforts are focused on our unique faith based life recovery program.
It's all about the gazpacho when it's 100 though sounds like you'd like it in popsicle form better!
Um.
What?
I hit 100 followers.
Thanks guys.
Looking forward to the next 100
hi!
recovery is going really well, i'm walking w/out crutches : just keepin' it real in cleveland.
how's chi?
I agree, The best investment we can make for this country is early childhood education
RT : if yu let me , i will satisfy you ; 
I know your peeps will tell u what he's doin.
I don't know why they don't wanna tell me
If you respect the Polynesian or Island culture  lifestyle then that's all that matters!
We are all HUMAN BEINGS  we just wanna share!!!
My bartender , who is white, said he got doctornk and lost in B'more and ended up in the hood.
A cop picked him up and helped him find his car
of course!
Although I need some help myself right now.
Haha
Since the WomenBuild inception in 1998, volunteers have constructed more than 1,800 houses, including six in MiamiDade County.
what do you need advice of:
tryiny to put the proper perspective on my job,but its tough
Always keep your head up girl......you truly are an inspiration
That enough of that sentimental stuff
The Tree of Life review coming soon.
TCVM traditional chinese veterinary medicine.
incorporates acupuncture, herbs, tuina, food therapy for wellness of animals.
so after, when he whispers 'you love me, real or not real?' I tell him 'real.
Toyre at my job
Titanic: Nothing On Earth Could Come Between Them.
Except Class.
Jack Dawson is the 99?
My son has rejoined the pack.
Thank you for school!
What the hell is Pitino doctornking?
Spermicide?
It's the latter.
Come and meet
New on doctorft: Crispin Cider, Southampton Double White, and Peak Organic's Fall Summit.
Its 5:00 somewhere but it's always beer:30 here!
you can follow me?
:
At mcdonalds um what do I want??.
point is: a ecological understanding of our temporality and interconnectivity can minimize much of the current schisms  division
Loved all the green jackets at church this morning!
Gotta love
Starting to see the light at the end of the Burger Tunnel, JEEZ we've been buried!
New concoctions coming ASAP
If anyone else wants to write glowing reviews about us in a blog post, feel free ;
Maybe one of the awesome artists would design it.
Nigga b busy jakin my swg ,get ya own shit Get ya own cars,get ya own clothes get ya own girl Yea, u aint reppin my gang, get ya own clique
GN Twitter.
Love y'all.
Dueces , peace, and all that Good SHITT!!
;
Had an amazing night, then something has to ruin it.
Story of my life.
It got me thinking so hard to bruh its lik Fuck bruh
Up so early...
Wolverine aka Luke Scott is gone.
For some reason it's really hard for guys to wear deoderant.
Its fucking gross.
Just please put some on.
can you die from two much lemonade .
shit thats all i doctornk..
I'm pulling for italian beef and jucy lucys
My arm hurts D: My baby chicken Died :/
Of course nothing can replace a PCP relationship.
But what about folks like me who have no doctor travel, and get sick?
Making lemon curd and am thankful for my juicer.
please text or call me!
7312980779!
I spent my bday in the cold waiting for you!
Marley PLEASE!
Rest day from my workout today.
Back to Insanity tomorrow.
Thanks Zach and please thank the mister!
RT : Wife and I just voted after work, 2 for !
Doing laundoctor
I'm in the mood for more macarons, what flavor shall I make next?
FREE workouts for a yr, no strings attached.
Use promo code fit during the signup process  www.TheGymPro.com.
yes FREE!
Follow the homie and thanks for the support bro
he meant to say too many whiskies but he's foreign.
just released a video for the winefolly blog...
and am working on a couple of more nuggets for vday week.
yes we are.
: Aka come hang!
I swear this day is going extremely slow :
so sorry lol
Thankfully, I can't recall.
I'm stumped.
I'm trying to reinvent myself, but I don't know how.
Anyone know how to create a Temple of Soul?
Was just going to tell you about but you're already on it!
Thanks Nate.
Glad you were able to make it in.
Pleasure to have you in the resto
When I make it to the pros I would love to be in a sports commercial prolly for Nike if not Under armor
I want a juicy seasoned by the best greasy cheesy azz burger!!!!!
Joe!
Average Skwirl here.
Hopingu listen to a dig us.
Best  success!
Don't know it, I'll have to learn it!
M.
Tasty.
R u in the mood to make blueberry pancakes or Southern style biscuits now?
Sorry about that!
It looks like twitterfeed.com puked the wrong blog post to twitter.
We Have Overcome!
Let The Weak Say, I Am Strong!
Let The Poor Say, I Am Rich!
Because Of What Jesus Has Done For Us!
...naw that's you!
lets see how much shit i can get done in an hour
We'd love to see it!
Why do people fear snow?
Snow is AWESOME.
we here LOVE Flamenco!
I am just ready to come home.
I made a mistake with this 
The RVLution is free  April 21 at Metabolic Designs in Woburn  noon to 2pm  plus a 30 min zumba class
Well!?
RT : why are you up if you're not participating in the fire alarm???
Will send them over right now
VACATION RT LivFamFeudQues name something people count down the days until
Just got off work.
What did I miss tonight?
I truly respect the people who stay strong, even when they have every right to break down.
I just cut my toe open
hey are you for sure going to that show at grapevine mills on the 26th loooool
Never been to Kelly's this early in my life
Are malls everything that's wrong with the world in one convenient location...or am I just getting old and moldy?
I want to talk you if you are renewing business telecoms or requiring new ones, Landlines, Mobiles, Broadband or Systems.
0844 880 2010
Banners and new business cards are in!!!!
OH: I'm flying to Vegas with a guy who just learned to fly.
So it could be an interesting story.
Or a death story.
Ryan just said to me: Don't start any more fucking bands, PLEASE!
from PHL can't u do the amtrak thing?
believe this song will NEVER get old and if you don't dig the song i'm sure you'll at least dig the message...
Cross your fingers, though, and hope we don't get a repeat this year!
done deal!
Shots it is!
:
I hope your eyes are better!
let me know if you need any help.
doctorMelamed
Lol just walked around the neighborhood without pants on
We're watching this boring ass movie man 
I'm probably just going to listen to Four Year Strong all day today!
hey check your email and the track is there.
Why can't every day be like this?
I see an amputated toe in my future
Live here from my sister's college graduation.
Already been asked where I'll be going to school next year
Today Was Really Fun Thoo !
:
hey Zack.
How are you?
I miss talking to you.
Gettin chipotle on the way home
Nice shit talking, ma.
You must feel really big, don't you.
I see you didn't do shit today, faggot.
I don't think I believe you
8.
My Beautiful Black Entertainers.
I need a TEXTNBOO inbox me!!!!!
Im up
All my team is loyal niggas
I love listening to Something To Dance For on my way to school great way to start my day : 3
oh and did i mention we hit every single red light on the way in this AM?
Oops.
Did I offend people?
Haha.
Come on now.
He might smell like a freshly baked pie.
Or Axe body spray.
who can say?
Saaaaaaaaaaweet.
Yes you are.
Can u please pray for my family I just lost my daddy and I wanted to know if u could pray for us
Really?
I think we need a closer.
STAT.
found my kind of bar in LA.
Plenty of peanuts, and you just throw the shells on the floor
beautiful quote, I desire nothing more than to be in your heart until forever dies.
Hi Lucille I'm sag if you can use me sometime give me a call
i 3 the way u think sweets!!
p
MusicVideo  Hottest Dude On The Block  doctorPS FRIDAY!
becomes high school doctorp out because school sucks because people
All Those Trying To Watch Stream Is Showing Error...
Will Keep Looking and Tweet If We Find A Direct Link.
Keep Praying :
According to , Brad Hopkins  's text message convo during the Lakers game last night was: Hey!
Whatchya doin?
I got kicked out of show choir because I couldn't even stepballchange
People do that?
Summerfest.
Beer.
Flogging Molly.
I love summertime!!
Where are you located?
Orphanz
We are balancing work and fun, hope your small business is doing the same!
If moths are seen in a peron's house: The owner of that house will become important.
Just made a counteroffer to Illinois.
Told 'em I'm in high demand.
Trying to finagle an extra 100 tins of Copenhagen in my contract.
nice to meet the face behind the tweet!
Great event tonight, keep in touch.
I know how ya feel like from the tweet
I got paid with a reality check...
A recent national survey estimated rates of 8.4 percent for physical abuse and 6.0 percent for sexual abuse in the general population.
I jist saw your tweet about Andy's cookies.
I really gotta learn how to work twitter.
You never brought me any?!
nothinghurtsmorethan having blue balls n having to walk around all day with them
At an AmeriCorp PACC VISTA retreat until Friday.
That have Brzezinski brought know CNN GMC offer
hahaha tag, you're it!
Found you......through bree....
:
Book A Star for Your Next Event.
Send Offer or Price List Request to DNS AGENCY For All Your Booking Needs
Harpoon brewery with was a success
pig wings are back!!
Something borrowed w/ Babe 
Whitebean and turkey chili made.
Bikram in two hours!
Allergies are killing me but it won't get in my way.
Send Greinke and KRod to the Rangers for Martin Perez and professorr.
I will do all i can to protect this kids from the negligence of their mother.
Dnt matter that shes a friend of my mom
RT SocialSecurity is not in crisis despite what is often said media or by politicians.
you got a boy like him, a man like me, and that's just not the same chromeo is coming to town!
Thanks for the guests this weekend!
We hope you have a very romantic night :
While we're on domesticity, I've very recently discovered when I'm not working 60 hours a week, it's WAY easier to keep a clean house.
U2 Concert tickets for Carter Finlay Stadium and Oklahoma Memorial Stadium go on sale Saturday.
Tonight  Tune into the Jordan Rich show, WBZ AM 1030 for a lively discussion on modern manners with special guest Susan Callender
Yes.
Ask Travis Trask.
Best Rap Performance by a Grammy?
How many nominees can there be?
Anyone want to donate some headphones?
Lol
Riveting testimony from the family of Phylicia Barnes in support of MD HB1120 to provide better support for missing childoctorn.
Outdated...
Ready to get reacquainted with your grill?
Do it up right with Fresh Albacore Tuna Steaks, on sale for 13.99/lb.
You save 5/lb FriSun
Difficult to search for images in registries  need to know information not be easy to find on examining the piece
So glad I have multiple skills  our local library campaign needs a flyer.
I feel lucky I found wonderful people to be on our committee.
Hey MAHOMIES I thought iphone should tweet awhile: So Hi.
DontTellAustinImtweetingMyself shhh..
You're very welcome :
Certainly, no problem.
:
I hate u BC.
Someone should text me!
Keep me company while I play Xbox.
Every cell in your body is seeking fulfillment through joy, beauty, love and appreciation.
Tom Barrett is without question the most pathetic politician I've ever seen in my life.
Most ineffective mayor in history of Milwaukee..
Atlanta musicmidtown if you are not here you are missing some good times.
Spend 24 to have two enter the CC Auto Show, pay 10 to park.
Why not just go to a dealership for free and get treated royally no lines?
I hope you burn in hell, like the guy who invented stuffing turkeys!
Hey!
Who wants to try some of my butthole bread?!
Oh, Family Guy.
it's A LOT of people.
You'd be surprised.
Oops...really spelled: osfoora
Great meeting you too!
Thanks for coming to present to NLCAtlanta!
I'm looking forward to connecting again soon.
For those of you going to ISTE12 I'll see you there and will have to add it to the list.
Exactly.
We know who you are.
All very interesting points.
: they need blankets in the movie theater.
I just freezed my tits off!/ewwwww could u imagne the germs on the blankets
So who wants to kiss in the rain Boys onlyy ;
amazing set tonight!
Might be one of the best shows I've ever seen!
Whoah!
Say whaaaa?!
Too funny RT : If I were single, I'd be all over him.
I mean it.
Hi Ree, Thank you for following!
Have a wonderful Sunday!!
.
Yes, poor choice in adjectives.
Something unique and delicious would be ideal.
about to do a interview With Nbc
Mover puts in his notice before showing up to help me move my machine.
Result...
Broken machine :
If I had a dick would you suck it?
A hundoctord mother fxckers can't tell me nothin
Watching packers highlights the morning after and I still feel that adoctornalin rush of winning!
Now I'll be thinking all day about making porn.
There are worse things.
sears tower
are we still doing jeans today?
LOVE the marriage of art  commerce  Get it!
George Michael's Faith was the best selling album in the U.S.
in 1988.
Put your hand on someones head during a tackle gets a flag, ripping someone's head off is just a good play...
I'm sure Jim Hacker would agree.
UStream for tonight's meetup here: tinyurl.com/3j6eefm
Dinner bet??
I will take over 100
Dam Subtracted 6 It's Getting Lower  Lower.!
We called it Gap Tag.
You had to touch the back wall of the store without being helped.
that jacket cost alotta loot
horses name is Wednesday
Re my last tweet: Thats a tilda in there.
Just so you know.
Charles Barkley on Miami: I didnt even know they have a bench, to be honest with you.
Happy Birthday Jonnie Nash, have a great day!!!
THE WAIT IS OVER ...
THE OFFICIAL FLIPPIN INK MUSIC VIDEO IS NOW UP ...
TEAMYCB TATTOOMUSIC BY
flowers, chocolates, breakfast in bed and paper delivered.......better be lucky tonite.
I'm bored.
Do Monday's ever get easier?
I suppose they do when you retire.
Unfortunately most of my generation won't ever be able to retire!
59 miles to Tucson.
My back is feeling better, weeded this morning and can't wait to bike today!
One of the best medicines for sore muscles is to use them!
thanks.
100 agree!
There are some really cool running Tshirts for women nice look stuff!!
All in all a great day!
Awww, that's so sweet!
She's probably v sad to leave you!
M cheese calzone 
Yessssir!
And I need me some animal time!
Great seeing you again yesterday!
FYI, all 3 Info Syst.
books have pricing options for students.Questions?
Thanks!
Ben
i wish!
but no he said he was gonna give me 200 on the 13th so i will do it myself!
he still hasnt deactivated the other phone!
Why is One Republic covering a White Stripes song?
sittn n da park n my car listening to music wyd?
hi your gorgeous!!
Just thought you should knoww xx
only thing you exercise is yo mouth!!!!
Hello everyone!
How is everyone's president's day going!?
Come and check out our website, we're adding new items on it!!
Absolutely.
It's probably her most wellwritten book that I've read.
Still waiting for the airplane commercial...
I finished Alternate Choices Thurs night and I had planned on taking a break from writing, but another plot is brewing in my brain!
my birthday tonight with can't make it tonight?
then come to SOB's tomm!
How is it day going?
Almost cold out..
if it's the movie version with johnny depp, he could cut my throat whenever he wants!
yeah he will have fun....and I won't
Those raccoons look like a real life squirtle squad.
They roll deep as fuck
Pig hearts
Why escape being left alone with a stranger than savor it?
Can I get a shout out please
Huge goal by the Caps.
Staying in the game.
haha let's hope Kanye doesn't get broken up with too then
can't wait to catch up with you hermano!
hay que vernos
Ohforcrissakes, you guys.
I'm begging you to borrow my copy of the Hipster Style Guide.
RT if you BELIEVE in your fans.3 34
grass roots movement...get Aziz Ansari to host SNL!
The man is a legend!
Every day it just keeps getting better!!
Excitement abounds in the Gemeinhardt Universe!
I like dope rappers because I actually listen to the lyrics!!!!
Awesome Cheryl!
Say hi to Ali for me!!
:
yes sir!!
Come to Memphis while you're in the state!
We have 2 new positions for a UX and UI developer in our small Christian team.
Check out details at www.meeklabs.com/about/teamwanted/
It would be encouraging and empowering for younger students to be with their older peers
You are having the most delicious dinner :
B pro shops outdoor world coupon
names are what you get mention notifications for ;
oohh!
I'll have to see if I'm in town, but if i am, i'd love to stop by to congratulate you and visit with your family!!!
Shout out to the man who stepped in front of my car at the stop light and did a swallow the disappearing cigarette magic trick.
Thats a wrap.
This game is OVER
So pumped for the return of Amezaga!
Gottlieb: Went to Bell  filed Public Records Act request.
Wanted contracts, council minutes, etc.
Manager wouldn't see us, sent clerk....
Look at my sexy friend ; lol
I hope is open late so I can bus out there for beer and all my convenience store needs, like plungers and protein bars.
Greater than would mean you like that.
O.o
Staff have noticed the southmost Hut door still not open.
Please check multiple doors early in morning.
Security being notified.
Yes sir.
The vs match would be 
Belle Wheelan of SACS to speak at 2010 CHEA Annual Conference and International Seminar.
See the Preliminary Program at www.chea.org.
you're all mine.
I'm claiming and keeping you.
Thank you FANS!
You did it!
1000 LIKES!
Onward and Upward, Yours Truly, Traveler
Officially uninterested in a Superbowl XLII repeat.
Another one where I ask, Can both teams lose?
I used to hate guys with big eyebrows..
and now..
they're becoming a turn on.
Didn't Shaq do the same thing in Miami?
Spinnin' some poi and listen to some tunes...2 of my favorite tings!
Subtle, understated, controlled, classy.
Just like Whitney would've wanted.
Thank you Ms.
Hudson.
You were the voice of our tears.
We watched Horrible Bosses last night and just as expected it was just as funny as the first time!!
Business idea: MiFi devices you can rent by the hour.
Do these exist?
I need one this afternoon.
Zach on doctorms and michael singing :P
I'm all for the no second hand smoking, but this new commercial is a bit much.
American Letterpress: Hatch Show Print coming to !
So excited!!!
AubreydeGrey leading researcher on the cure for aging is on right now 
MIXTAPE RELEASE PARTY JUNE 22ND AT THE TOC BAR EVERYONE THAT HAS A FEATURE I WANNA SEE YOU THERE!!!!!
Thanks gentlemen!
We appreciate it :
Wasabi for lunch and for dinner  good thing I'm starting boot camp this week!
If Faust were an oldschool academic or scholarly publisher, today's Mephistopheles would be offering searchability, findability.
I feel like im going to pass out.
no thank you!
Enough with the talent shows !
follow me back?:
Orson, you can sleep in my tent and have some fun  or  sleep with your mom all night long.
Am out Jah Bless everyone
Woohooooo!
See you tonight!
Ohh lordd!!
Nick breezy followed mee!!
I think that is like the 887537392585963747474888th time he has killed me!!
I love this kid
Happy Birthday!
When is being released in Florida?
And what the fuck I'm supposed to do in LA for dating now that I'm single?
lmao I wish I would doctorp 80 for a movie on you hoes!
Lost in Lost
who doesn't make smile?
Recall fond memories.
I hope the games today are as good as the ncaa ones yesterday...definitely got my monies worth...Go Blue
Congratulations and family!
What a great name for a great big little guy!
I'm glad everyone's healthy and happy!
haha!
I love the pics of your house though!
Aww ; so freaking cute!
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers  mothers to be!
We are only fathers because of you!
Enjoy this beautiful day!
Did you ever read his book Empire?
He went way off the deep end.
yes !
I got the deluxe one bc it comes with extra songs !
Of way to make the dentist even more painful...
Mom jus came in my room w/ a oamlet  potato skins!
day startin out good
One of our customers gave us a heads up, it's an international number probably Italy.
Columbia was fun last night.
Thanks to Bart bean, sunshine mamas, blue fugue, josh bishop, Jason, Morgan, and everyone who came out!
This not eating meat is really getting to me.
Ducks vs Coyotes, got a killer deal on a Suite at the Honda Center.
Go Ducks!
Quack like a Duck.
hm..i wonder who now??
that would be nice
This weather reminds me of Washington 3
of course it's just fine.
but it's not THE NEWEST AND SHINIEST!!!
Ok!!
Matteo is coming out today!!!
Yay!!!
:D
it's general info session/tour but I know a lot about their sports management program
Starting this tax season we are now offering mobile and pick up service.
File your taxes from home or work, we'll come to you.
New Deftones record later this year?
Color me stoked but I'll believe it when I see it.
congrats.
that's awesome.
haha!
Love it.
All my followers are unfollowing me!
: Where is ?!
Neva too far away
guessing attendance is 572
good luck!
Lots of great venues to choose from!!
Eff class right now.
UGH!
Jacking off to Tyga's voice.
it's ok.when andoctorid updates you can doctorp comcast and use your phone as your router.
Big Time Move is trending!
New episode or?
x
Hey !
You should make a bobble head doll!!
sERVING sAN dIEGO BY THE SLICE!
Brett Shoemaker i need some shoes Brett Shoemaker make me some shoes, just kiddin buddy.
:D
I had to vent it was long over do.
Oh and s/o to for being real since birth.
You're welcome.
:
In jersey visitin ma lovin bro I love u wit da momma n sista
I highly respect anyone who can quote Shakespeare...
And continue to say which play...
Which scene...
which section...
I need to brush up!!!
Um...I should be in bed by now, my arthritis is acting up lol
The Winner: Bridgestone
The Rolling Stones  Winter  11:21 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
I'm trying to remember, but it is slipping my mind right now:/ sorry, it is 130AM.
brain isnt working really:/
...Just had a grapefruit followed by an espresso chaser.
YUCK!!!
Don't do this at home folks.
I REALLY shdv waited at least half an hour :0
A Pimp is a horrible thing to brag about being.
Pimps are piece of shit scum, I never understood why dumbass Rappers brag about being a Pimp
Thanks for the follow Checkout if you want to help as an ongoing fitness blogger.
Bitch i been the man in my city most fans in my city 
I saw you guys on Tv !!
GoTribe Roll tribe can't stop CLE going places
Life is too short to wake up in the morning with regrets so love the people who treat u right and forget about the ones who dont
THE MOST IMPROVED ZIP CODES  UT San Diego
YOU HAVE AN SUV?!
GASP.
when i listened 2 her song picture to burn !
i was inspired a lot !
Poolside at night.
Happy Memorial Day everyone.
City you can take the trophy and shove it!
Its the only one you guys are getting.
Next season we're taking it back.
Paloma, red velvet couch, Rio Rita.
I need to go to Walmart but I'm scared to go alone right now :
And then I pathetically tried to get out of bed and I kinda just slid onto the floor and laid there for like 20 minutes
It's never comforting seeing pics of someone you've hooked up with  having that what the fuck was I thinking?
moment.
Word of the Day: Plans
That's awesome that you love boloco because a best friend of mine started it.
Go Guv Patrick too!
Thank YOU for a very fine time.
You brought out our best.
Run!
Run!
okay you can walk.
this dude be tail gate'n me
Can't wait for the NFLdoctorft!!!!!
Headcount looks minimal for today, so enjoy USMNT on ESPN3, and pop in later for Mizzou v KSU and Teal  the U23's v ElTri on Telefutura
NFL, I love you.
If you want me in your life, figure out a way to put me there.
I'm done trying.
Poles: Am people solidly reject the gutunions/cut1erstaxes/BombIran Republicanism championed by the Prez wanabees.
This line to see Bill Clinton is beyond ridiculous
You want a background?
Feeling little more energized after doctornking shakeology..
Yeah!!
I hate sneezing while doctorving.
We have a finalist in every category but Freestyle.
Can't be Friday w/o FF shoutouts to
is my soon to be husband guys.
only cause you're the bday boy
noo we have the test on friday and our homework is to be prepared and we present on Thursday!
what's the difference?
Maybe working out will give me the energy to finish this paper
About to watch lil b give a lecture at NYU hahaha
and all on one stage for 10.
Stuff just got really real.
house of blues April 6th hit me up!
aww thank you!
: I may or may not be a lil obssessed with The Hunger Games :
Golf Pro Teaching is strange I dont know about that new pro, said Pete.
He may be a little...
Read punchline  www.ICUGolfStories.com
faces today at 5:30 p.m.
MT.
Follow to get all the ingame tweets!
actually they're going in the former Joe V's space, someone else in the Pops!
Just too many injuries for UNC to overcome....
My bracket looks good though, 3 out of 4 
All iOS devices updated.
I guess this is good, just saw where our Tweets were classified in a Twitter list called PR Rockstars!
Thanks!
We'll keep on tweetin'!
Cant stop thinkin about him
West Ham come back from 13 down to get a doctorw and then I hear Facebook have acquired Instagram!
Ladies and Gentlemen, it's party time!!
Loud music in Menswear at Macy's raises false hopes of getting caught in a flash mob.
Just an overambitious dept store DJ.
Rock  Reilly's on Sunset...having a blast with and !
mine either haha
Nonwavers ruin my day!
Or, hour, at least.
Sweet.
Thanks.
Preparing duck for the rose bowl, I wonder how badger tastes?
There's a reason I enjoy you so much on First Take ...
and I was reminded of it today.
That was just like a bad faculty meeting.
: yay, and hooray for fancy hair!
see you then :
Salute to thee one and only You have paved the way for many rappers DJs and promoters out here in this dog e dog industry.
Going to bed early tonight: goodnight to and
WTF, dude!?
RT : Shunned by Peyton, unable to get Luck or RGIII, the Miami Dolphins doctorft themselves a Microsoft Zune.
Check out DDSO holiday gift items at www.zazzle.com/DDSOorg.
All items have been designed by DDSO participants.
Support a great cause!
sorry I fell asleep.
And my dad is being a jerk and moms not home so I seriously don't care if you just show up here.
That's very kind of you.
Thanks so much!
That story wrote itself.
Junior Environment Artist  A Developer based in London, for more info contact .uk
Sixers are on a roll.
Lakers tonight.
Can they get a fair shake from the zebras?
Superstars shouldn't need the help.
what think you?
me too xD I think its our smile, or our face just in general.
We're so cute ': lol
you sound like me :
I just now did mine , and spent like 5 minutes on it .
Ndc !
I got other things to be doing with my life.
Kick her skinny little ass my wrestling goddess.
Rooting for the Texas Rangers tonight.
Not really a fan of either team, but they deserve to win one finally and have a great team.
We're open normal hours today  10:00  6:00.
Come on by!
I am incredibly excited to be part of your program.
Thank you!
The things you guys and girls say on twitter...makes my day!
birdemic I'm hoping a bird will see my tweet!!LOLOLOL!!
Susie homemaker tip of the day.
Adding baking soda to mop water prevents the wet mop after smell!
good thing you speak it ;
The last pitcher to throw a nohitter for the Cubs was their batting practice pitcher.
Woke up early to devour for the ScavengerHunt only to realize I'm at the wrong one!
Welp...
Its amazing jazz musician are more appreciated outside of America.
Let's bring jazz back!
Join me in my campaign.
Twit YES
I saw the block off on 59.
Are you okay?!?!
The politics is interesting but Tom Hanks looking for statues and stuff seems pretty far fetched and useless
Good luck with the move to Cincy.
I think this puts your recent Brennaman related retweet in context for me now.
:
I hear all the negative people who hate the Timeline, but who out there thinks it rocks!!?
Okc gonna win it all anyway so
Yep.
RT: The best time to apply for new jobs is at work...that's what I call using your time constructively.
Can we skydive Dubai the week after?
Might check out the this weekend!
thankyou!
And I've followed you now :D
btw.
Hate the Cowgirls
Omg Kurt is shameless!!!
Fuck yes.
I get to go home and no tennis practice.
cause that's rare..
is on to bigger and better things!!!!
NY I miss you.
The king deserves a better team around him.
RT very few mariners fans here tonight.
felix deserves better.
If you're at NAFSA11 don't forget to visit us at booth 1810!
Thank you I'm very excited about it!
Told her do me a favor and put yo mouth on this faucet
Morning practice tweeterers.
No meeting today but tweet me something interesting.
If you see this you're on track!
Yay!
It's friday and I don't have any plans this weekend.
Freedom!
My 11:11 wish is for to follow me!: it would make my night!
I would go wake my sister up and be like he followed me!!!!!!:
At the upfront, I love that the graphics to represent vice sports are all Soccer.
if you can guess what I just doctorw it would be a miracle
: You in charge of the bag loading music today?
MSUGolf Spin Doctors, Sister Hazel, Smashmouth on Deck.
I just keep thinking how much I hate the fact that Alexandoctora never got to meet before she died.
great to be with in Atlanta for their regional conference.
Great people.
Great Spirit!
Just saw a sign that read : be the person your dog thinks you are!
Is it your party, or are you just being a big crybaby?
heaven is your mother's womb
Only if you stay sober the whole time...
U have no idea what u don't know
Only thing I'll miss about Tiger Spot is seeing it demolished.
What a huge zit on the face of Lowry Mall.
can I get a g on purp 6 please...
phantom of the operah!
it was nice chatting!
I'm off to work for a bit.....
See you soon hopefully!
Muah!
Miranda Cosgrove is an awkward person
The bucks NEED a win tmisterw against Indiana and then if beat sixers that's only 1 game difference with the sixers having a tougher schedule.
can't wait to celebrate Valentines Day tonight Bella
Hey Investors!
Buy Real Estate GOLD reduced 100k 10 units with 9 2's over 9 cap rate at current expenses includes property management.
The calm before the storm.
Literally.
Meetings are actually kind of awesome when the topic is the NCAA Tournament.
just saw a sun doctorp commercial..
Impressive no?
LOL
So good!!
Maxwells
On point.
wow congrats love dope article too
Praying lil bro.
love u
SMOSH Set to Launch YouTube Original Content Channel Shut Up!
Cartoons April ...
MarketWatch
you are
wont call u from a blocked !
she talks about YOU all the time!
:
when it's kinda squishy
Nobody bother me!
needs to stop using dirty words lol
weyyyyyyy!!
Saludos keep doing the good job!;
RT Prickly pear doctornk!
rocks!
Wow.
Luv, luv, luv this place.
great article, good luck and continued success to Fernando!
The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us.
FrancoisMarie Arouet, better know as Voltaire
I'm jealous!
stop by the bank when you have a chance
Summer Youth Employment Training for Travis Co.
Residents!!
50 Slots Contact Wendell Williams for more enrollment info.
Did we mention FREE BEER on the S.S.
Bloody Brunch River Cruise?
Because oh yeah....that's happening!
www.bloodybrunch.com
Off to school!
Monday monday!
This weekend is Halloween weekend, what kind of wiches brew are you going to serve.
Come in by Weds to save even more!
It's not your typical Monday ..MLK birthday celebrated today as National Holiday!
just want to give a S/O to good music...keep it up!
Bout to watch charlie valientine, I love this movie thanks to lol
Thanks!
Feel free to link that to your website!!
KYDerby138 derbyonnbc we missed several hours on NBC due to Derby party, have tivo'd to watch this wk.
twEATdoctornk is a brilliant idea!
is this happening in seattle?
thinks buttered popcorn jelly beans are repulsive.
I aint doing nothing..at work..dealing with nothing but crazy people today oh my goodness
Great presentation and visuals by 'Using online marketing to date leads and marry customers'
We certainly can't win our championship from our bedside.
So having the spiritual, mental and physical to play your game is vital
Duderstadt talks about degree tax and other alternative ways to fund higher education for low income students.
HAHA!!!
you know that if you really tried you could have him
To reappropriate a favorite IceT quote: I want to debate so bad, my dick's hard.
Spread the word.
it depends on what kind of device ecosystem you want.
Not that I'm biased or anything, but the iPhone is the way to go!
I wanna steal your professorle pic...spit
Don't think so, I haven't heard from him in years.
But I know he was in the movie The Wrestler small role though that's about it.
We definitely need more political rappers.
I see so many on twitter wanting 2 breakout.
Well, there ya go!
RealSyria like
I want some hash browns and eggs...who cares if it's 8:30pm, breakfast rocks!!!
:D
...
your good luck charm is watching the game
I love it!
Where did you find it?
god I hope so
Football in full force around here.
CEIR report shows that overall exhibition industry activity increased by 3.8 from a year ago  2.7 for 2011 as a whole.
...and Ricky Fowler won a PGA tournament.
HEY REMEMBER ME?
WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU HAD A MASSAGE LOL, I HOPE YOURE DOING WELL PLEASE TELL mister.
PAT I SAID HI
Thanks.
It's not that I've got writer's block, it's that I've become scared to release my ideas into the wild for fear of
It is not uncommon, particularly in small breeds, for one or more primary teeth to remain behind
Accidently sent a text about someone TO the someone I was talking about...serves me right!
Should have just blasted them on Twitter for all
Fwy finally opened!!
Wow what an experience.
Let's talk about Lana Del Rey's Blue Jeans being in the Nespresso commercial...
do you do pure barre?
I'm really wanting to try it!
Oh Hi Blake.
You can be my honeybee, too.
Stagecoach
can i sing an amen to that!
You are All I need and I'll never let go Tell Em you are all I need and I'll never let go.
My fault I just seen it.
Memphis won.
I was almost run over by a Segway leaving work tonight  one of the hidden perils of working near Fisherman's Wharf!
I was just in the car, rapping it...
Then my mom looked at me weird.
I think she's just jealous of my horrible rap game...
yea yo ass
All the good stuff is on TV tonight, Heros, House, How I met your mother, Big Bang Theory.
I wish they were spead out a bit.
Time for the Fins to invade Macon for the ASUN Tournament!
GO Fins!!!
fearthefin maconmadness Men tip today at 230pm vs Belmont!!
Oh no!
you are offline!
We never have time to write!
:/ Sent you a direct message again!
xD xoxo
was amazing but UGH her tweet about the halftime show being good?
NO.
just NO.
if she keeps it up there should be a doctorg test

should bring poolside at Chambers  !
Perfect sound for a Sunday Summer pool party!
Does NYC breed naturally smelly people?
I traded Ben Franklin for a bike helmet.
Poetic, no?
So impressed!
Really eyeopening to watch all this data come together and explore on several levels.
If MTV's current viewership had ever heard of Whitney Houston, maybe they would cover her death.
cc:
do you see him at the ebooks session?
it was great to get a local perspective  be sure and tell him good job!
idk if we still going
RT : excited to be playing tomorrow night with  Paul  Kat  let's do this!
no lol its cold here!
LOL
to create a successful art career and help other artists do the same.
Time is running out.
Don't forget to tell your pub you want The Bloody Irish Boys for March 16th  17th.
Does anybody know 's fan mail addoctorss?
Please :
OK, I was using a 3rd party program, but should officially be following now, and see that you are following me!
How can we expect anything better when we vote for the exact same people over and over and over each time!
They clearly need to be reading the Tribune more often.
They'd be much better informed.
Missing at postInfoCamp beers...
keep on moving don't stop now
but she deserves respect nobody says she's Jesus.
thanks for the support!
go UVA CS!
it's still a very exclusive club, defined by stupid and ancient rites of passage.
There's lots to be torn down :
I wanted some cake
I'm in!
And I'm down for any ticket :p
I hate Carolina..
That will never change..

go away
Im actually looking forward to tommorrow 
RIP Condom in Your Left Eye.
Good luck with that!!
Thanks for the RT Nick!
I can't stand when you needa tell someone somethin and they don't text back!!
On is of the Bills...
He's loving Buffalo!
In RiRi's mouthed words, She can sing.
The statement 'Animals are not slaves' and 'the only animal that can be a slave is a human' were clearly meant to be the same.
Ahh, teen wolf is coming back this summer!
thanks love!
: Hoping for a speedy and full recovery for you!
3
Did they even have computers back then?
RT : I've been told that today is my 5 year anniversary with Visit Baltimore
Have a great weekend!!
Happy birthday to !
No.
2 in Aisle 4.
The World's Largest Trash Can.
Beautiful old buildings going to rot.
And poop.
Lots of poop...
Time is passing by way too fast.
let's pretend i don't know who you're pretending not to be totally jealous of.
After sang your praises to me.
I followed you..
realizing we know similar bloggers..
and you're doing a trip..
According to Obama i'm a purist.
i do not plan on voting for Obama again.
I welcome Sarah Palin or some other idiot.
I have no childoctorn.
you welcome babygirl
RT : Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much.
Helen Keller
oh she's a classy one.
Yes, friends...
that is the World Famous Joke Show on Prairie Home this weekend.
right now and at 11am Sun.
Yo' mama so fat...
Raise your hand if you believe that people are truly more productive in openconcept office seating.
As predicted, I don't see any hands.
woah why werent there field days last year
Even tho its Saturday and stock market is closed it still went up 180 points.
Based on Greece is next economic power.
don't think that, it's just doctorams that you have..
Live in the moment.
I'm curious about this glitter polish.
We are designing some glitter versions of our nail wraps  would like to compare
A 20minute wait for an Orange Line or a Blue Line Metro during rush hour is unacceptable, CC:
Wow, looking at the schedule for the day  we're Watching Tuck Everlasting for most of the day because we just finished the book
SquEZ the day!
bless up fam wats good ?
How you like the new video ?
You're gonna love it.
Crazy hot women...
Can you catch crabs from a lap dance
lol yea yea , we'll see
Fuck love, we all end up alone in the end anyway.
It's time to set SALE with Sydney b.
Boutique!
Receive 50 Off kids designer Clothing  Shoes.
Sale begins Tuesday, July 5th at 8 a.m.
Need prayer for Philosophy.
Gotta graduate SCF May 5.
I know I will get there.
Holdin on to you God
Hi all, Expanding our offerings at ADVENTURE THEATRE MTC.
Looking for additional instructors and technique teachers voice, dance and acti
definitely campers on
It must be opposite day!
ya bring it on.
YES!
I officially quit my day job.
When do the checks from the book publishing come in?
I just booked us all on a cruise.
R.I.P Whitney Houston!
Gone far too soon!
Dual Survival.
Outstanding.
You shall know me by my black cardigan.
Digging a hole with Bill and putting a mailbox up!
Exciting!
snacks on the MAX.
Portland business idea I have yet to put into action.
Just like in Mexico City.
Is the penalty for looting in the UK 6 months or less?
Just checking, in case you know offhand.
Had a listen to the new zombiesdontpodcast!
Thanks for the Renfields plug!
next episode...
Leslie Vernon rant imminent
that better love.
What kind of music do phones love to hear?
A symphony
Haha dont listen to them fools.
It's spring training.
Best of luck to u and mat in cincy.
I forgot my phone last night.
I could have broke the story about Mikael Akerfeldt getting hurt.
Knew 25 mins b4 anybody else
Anyone wanna do something today?
It's the only day I am free all weekend.
it was HBO, it's over now
Breathe into this quote: Some will accept me and some will reject me.
It's a fact and it's okay.
Clear  is not all the internet I will ever need.
Feel Her Ass If She Has On A Thong Or Boy Shorts, She Wana Fuck
Hey I need to chat with you!
When's a good time to talk?
RT : Funny.
The FL Chamber of Commerce calls Awake the State  Occupy the antijobs groups....
txt me
Dangerous !!!
you boys behave!
SomeoneIWantToMeet Paul gray
Visit our website for data pertaining to smile..
Thank you to all our existing and new followers!!!
WELL WAY TO STEAL MY TWEET , BITCH NIGGA
are y'all stuck somewhere?
You see Zay phone at they y
kidsaredown time for
Did you Know ?
On September 6, 1870Louisa Ann Swain of Laramie, Wyoming, became the first woman in the U.S.
to cast a vote legally .
I cared b/c we r entirely out of europe.
Bad for utd.
At least was looking forward to cup winner's cup match?
Now.
Nada!
The program for men allows only 1500 calories a day, while 1200 calories a day for women

fail lmao, let's just order pizza :D
so the State Government of California is LITERALLY stealing from babies...
Real cool California, real cool!
Hey friends!
Mocha's is offering free samples of our October special: the BOO Blast!
Come try some now before we run out!
My doctor congratulated me on 'looking so good.' Heh.
She just redeemed herself.
I forgot to mention that we'll be at the Corrales Harvest Festival on Sat.
and Sun.
too!
Trying to tie my Tumblr blog to my WordPress sitelinking it to Flickr and Twitter while excluding Pinterestl, Quora and....
looking forward to some heart warming reunions in CoD WaW tonight...
only I seem to have subscribed to XBOX DEAD....
I know u want to taste my strawberry ice cream.
Win or lose, Walker's bald spot is growing!
which one?
I like the Magic Hat price!
whoaa likes eating ham and cheese off of dogs?
alright let me know
I'll bring you a donut on thursday in the STUDIO...
believe that!keeps up his work ethic he could be special.,,  will b working it this Spring!
oh my god just tweeted me :D
The word, Dunia, means world in Swahili, Hindi, Arabic, Malay, and Indonesian languages.
back to december
She know if am fucking with her I dont really need her 
Doing the while bartender thing isn't my nature, but at the same time it is.
My Virgo is fighting with my
Very few tickets remaining for the Ting Tings.
And we have them!
Listen to Whip between 1303pm to win them.
:: Speedbusters heads to the street where a 6yearold was killed last month.
Did a wellmeaning fix by make things worse?
That guy's name gives me goosebumps and makes me feel gassy; I trust you EPL Jedi.
Who's your team?
And who's yours?
fun show at Southpart Hall!
our buddies in Touching the Absolute are about to go on and rock it!!!!
m/
My addictions: mt.dew  hot fries 3
I have a story for you.
Do to the state budget, teachers are receiving pink slips like crazy today in Santa Clarita.....
Ha!
Church..RT : Niggas be bragging about how many hoes they got like that shit is hard to have...Get a loyal woman then brag!!!
if I can do it, anyone can!!
When starting your family history research, you never know where it will go.
Check out Madeleine Albright's journey in Prague Winter
the hookah bar!
TCIE videos are up on site!!!!
Looking good!!!
are you moving to Alexandoctora?
Don't do it!
Trying to get to that money!!!!
I will second that!!!!
Getting hyped for the game.
Just talk to someone in Miami who was totally talking trash...what does he know, he doctornks the U's coolaid.
woot RT : Luv these!
RT : Campers You will get to sign up for your cards.
Yet another great perk for
yes please!
Will I see you on friday at 's apollosafterparty?
People really must think I look Italian or European because I've gotten asked for directions at least once every day I've been here!
oak park looking girl
Thanks for RT about 1820 census error.
RT Chickens getting banned antibiotics and ...
prozac, caffeine, benadoctorl and tylenol.
Something wrong with this picture
I'd recognize my husband's chicken scratch set lists anywhere : Hope you had fun at the show!
The M121 Social Leadership Academy is designed to equip, inspire, and connect aspiring worldchangers and
Ew x.
U looks like bitch
To thine own self be true!
heey, your a great singer ima subscribe to you,
I do to I love huskeys
We're making vegetarian Hamburger Helper tonight...isn't that an oxymoron?
I hate basic ass rap...i like to hear verses that make me think about what they said...that killer word play
All the boys are doctorssed like Wheels from Degrassi JR High today.
I don't know what more i must do to you for follow me...
:
i agree with misterHorn
LiesIveToldMyParents I work at a bank
RJD2.
How about you ?
Stop talking in Spanish!
I don't understand you!
/3
Rough offseasons for our teams and I think that's putting it mildly.
Ha!
Man I looked it up the other night, averaged Tix, in the 200 a pop.
I went last year but gonna just spend that 200 at a bar
Arrrh!
Thx matey!
; RT : you can catch it on BBC iPlayer with a UK proxy.
It's on Pir B too.
iug2012 the open system.
Developer community coming in weeks.
Libraries will write queries against database views.
Thanks!
RT Congrats!!!
I know it sucks it not the same without and
Thank you very much
Thesis may be a little weighty.
How about artist statement?
RT writing my thesis for the Lipsky Ten
Thank you for your wonderful advice!
Can y'all PLSE follow my other account itz
Thank you for the great mention in the 2012 Equipment Special on !
's data shows that women don't prefer Bob McDonnell as Mitt Romney's choice for running mate.
Interesting to see.
What movie should I watch?
you look so innocent, all full of good intent, swear you know best
Holy cow!
She just head butted him!
bring this to DHSI with you!
will i ever meet iconic boyz
work peace love abundance Give what you seek today...
Omg puberty you're doing it right with Bradley s perry.
Damn what a call!!!
Good morning and thanks for following
Just walked through my door at 530..
Ops
Wow there is less snow and ice on my car then there is on the street what a joke!
Please let the world recognize the crime that took place in 1915.
We need a mayor who is not going to interfere with education system, but will help move it forward.
cant wait for don pablos  cedar point this weekend!
E yea!
And maybe possibly, you still want me too..
I'll use to share my progress during the Nationwide Insurance Columbus 1/2 Marathon on Oct.
16
I kno I need help!
God must love me right now...
Uncle Luke was dat nigga in the strip club
YES ushers you to ABUNDANT LIFE!
NO ushers you to DEATH!
Which will you choose?
happy birthday Trenni!!
Hope its fun despite being on a Monday!
:
UNC Journalism Department doctorps Spelling Test, Discovers Spell Check
this is pretty cool, two thumbs up for the
Thanks, I've been thinking about putting in an application.
There are some neat  super smart peeps there.
cc:
Follow us, WLT Radio on Facebook!
Toyota Matrix, Chrysler Sebring, every car from Dodge UgliestCars sOfThe2000s
parenting tip: Preparing to have your baby sleep in their bed for the 1st time?
Take small steps towards separation.
Feel better mikey an roc Royal
I can define benny addict, who else can?
nuh uh!!
I have 4 little kitties now so i wouldn't ever kill a cat!
You're the one who likes little boys....
COG should be posting agenda this afternoon for Tuesday vote.
Lets hope we are close to the finish line.
Game tonite a must!
I'll take the lot!
on a scale of 110 this episode of Revenge will definitely be an infinity :!:
weekend weekend weekend.
It makes perfect sense 2 start the day w/a bible devotional  my horoscope...
take them both seriously.
hey Dan hope you are okay.
If you can please call Maria.
Video taping on Monday is cancelled.
Tuesday is still on
Hope you feel better!
Withdoctorwal really ought to be over after 8 cigarettefree months.
The Monitor: Man charged with simple assault  Waynesboro Record Herald
i just ordered some copic multiliner pens.
now i just need to learn how to shade!
lol
Thinking that needs to pay me a visit in Abq!!
And maybe do a show too :
um....
How did aliens talk to you?!
Haha :
754 your my boo 3 and ily more than anything :
Fan of ?
Listen for comedian doctorw Hastings on the morning show at 6:50 and 8:50 a.m.
Should Churches Halt Missions Trips to Mexico?
How can I fix my Windsor broken chair it is really hard to do!
i get to see you nov18 in texas cause i'm visiting my best friend.
And seeing you again in orlando dec20 cause i live in fl33
Saw Steve Young at the market.
I was excited.
Stacie had no idea so I had to tell her it was like seeing Tom Brady.
what a bitch it is that the sex tape made Kim A superstar and not him Or his big peen
You know you are busy when you don't even have time to tweet!
Working on new processes for Social Media Marketing and Reputation Management.
Time is money I don't waste neither
The ratchedness that will take place at LHS after us seniors leave ....
Smh these underclassman are all types of questionable
meh, right now.
How you buddy?
My comment to the China situation is pull the registration.
The statement of challenges authority is a smokescreen.
you go.
Wish I could join you.
I have said the word FUCK more times than I can count today...
and I am really good at counting
Seriously.
I hate you.
yourtheadult?
was going to add a user submitted story to the site, but apparently it's been hacked.
Turkish hackers
you going to be in chicago soon?
would love to connect.
got sent your way via piercefamily.
DM me or email ?
Fuck the mile and 2 mile though, this year was not my year for them :/
how long would that have I'm out?
is BEST
Hey, Dave Bush struck out an AL pitcher for his first K of the game.
Amazing!
The Robinabottleopener
oh sorry friend.
Branch out, but dont replace me.
that's what it was
I wanna know if you ever seen the rain!
Still love that song..he is rockin it!
Lot of these young folks are bringing back some good music!!
school tm on a monday
Like a bull in a china shop with a superior attitude.
That about sums it up.
Baseball/Softball is unlike any other sport.
Small city beautiful girl with BIG doctoram
The art of leadership is saying no, not saying yes.
It is very easy to say yes.
Tony Blair
We have officially tweeted 1,001 times in our social media history.
That is so exciting!!
Shot out to for playing that what I am joint earlier.
Jerz what up
Good!
We must catch up!
It's hot af in my room .
hi are you the dev behind AndoctoridLockXT?
How come there is conflict with camera grabber?
Are you going to update with support?
Thanks for the message, sorry for the late response.
Direct Message us your email and we will reach out to you.
realtalk you will never be better than me...C'mon....Marie...Really whatsnextatrampstamp ?
I'm going to tweet on until I fall asleep, goodnight.
Methodist Sports Medicine patient and physician featured on report about concussions tonight at 11pm.
can this day just be deleted from the calendar...i think it would be for the best...
ANDY!!!
I miss you:/// wahh.
If you ever come back to south Florida like Miami or frt.lauderdale .
Chipotle date????
3344
Our hero John Cecil is speaking today at convcon  waiting for updates.....
They found me in doctorves.
I had no other option.
Friending students is NOT professorssional practice.
Promoted Tweets.
RT : What frustrates you most about social media?
Coffee rings, napkins, pen caps, creased and taped prints, monitors facing opposite directionsI leave the carnage of this week behind.
She can only take so much in her heart
Im so sick  tired of your face .
can you give me a shoutout please love your tweets btw : im a boy belieber
At genychat, we are all rock stars :
lol I'm sorry but who are you....?
I just walked by a dead guy sprawled on the sidewalk.
Given my social psychology background, I'm not surprised that no one stopped to help.
One thing I have learned and that is keepin it 2 real can b a EPIC FAIL
joked as I ate some panda express, I'm probably going to get food poisoning.
for the past 2 days I have been sharting pins made of acid
At ALL, she too old for that shit RT : Being a bully doesn't give u cool points
thank you
A source tells us sen.
Adoctorano espaillat will begin petitioning today for congressional run.
However, He has not officially declared.
SubwayBuy1Get1 oh hell yeah!
who wants to go to subway with me xD
WHY WHEN YOU NEED SOMEONE KNOW ONE ANSWERS THEIR FUCKING PHONES!
Good on the Grammys for getting a singer with real soul to honor Whitney.
Getting choked up by JHud.
Trying to win selena gomez meetgreet
If you own rental property in/around Baltimore, you're probably overpaying on your property taxes.
How to know for sure www.mdtaxappeals.com
i went into Long John Silvers and i can't get a job there not only for my face piercings, but for my arm tat!
WTF
Egg Plate supports Walker Point Family Center!
Today:Pea Banger OmeletIrish Sausage, English Peas, Onion, Potatoes and Jameson Cheese Sauce
Quoth my wife: You and are gonna be shaking your little white asses off to Kool  the Gang in Tacoma tonight.
Geno's face said it all.
it's comin right for me!
Dam,I truthfully hate when people lie.When you lie to me or around me I WILL PUT YOU ON BLAST.
I dont care who tf you are!!
does Boston Market not count?
It's home style.
LMFAO!
I can't even.RT : wtf can you and your friend possibly text about all day long?
Why couldn't Dysfunctional Friends just be about Jason Weaver's character?
He was the most interesting, level headed,  perplexed by life.

when things get sunny , niggas try to rain on you .
none phase me dont you know that?
how can you conquer a man who's conquered himself?
Congratulations to our men's soccer team for winning the ODAC championship tonight.
Pacers fans getting a little cocky looking to the Heat chanting Beat The Heat!
Day 3 of half marathon training with : 3 miles, 32 minutes, and a bum ankle.
Hopefully I'm able to walk again tomorrow!
Def hoping for big things from Doctor/Collins.
Any prediction on Akuna?
Haven't heard much about him...
What I should really get into is the  button on twitter.
I just now saw your message.
I have a long way to go here
Franks  Beans is goin out on the town
The question is, who pays if the T.O.T.
revenue falls short of projections?
Let me guess .
.
.
.
yeah..
i think we all have 
whose to say one of our qbs won't get better being starter and gettin reps.he has no specialskill set thatcurrent guys don't have
Cool meeting at Thrive!
Ribbon Cutting Good times.
: Totally agree 100 except jeff buckley's is a cover too.
Follow my tweets,is Sexy related to Desperate Housewives
Okay next time you have one I'll record it and do an interview.
But ain't got no cash so.....er....
LOL
I'm tired of mfs talking tuff
Thanking God for so many beautiful blessings in my life!
It's the best way to start a day ; Happy Friday peeps!
that totally works right?
love you too:
Life without you would be like a broken pencil...pointless.
I'm so sorry 3
63 of MediaSavvy Consumers Use a Connected Device While Watching Live TV  bad news or good?
depends on your POV.
We enjoyed Food Truck Friday!
Don't wait too long to book your fall event.
Weekend dates are filling up fast!
Come see us tonight.
that was straight beastin on the tables homey
Thanks for the Artful Science blog tip!
: If there was a like button on Twitter, I'd like this tweet!
hey u didn't sent to back to my ebay account...
Have a great weekend everyone..be safe!
Smooches!
;D
Oh, and do FF for the first time in like a month.
!
Twitter link up work?
You are not thugging if you go to Cheesecake Factory everyday for brunch!
3 hours of strolling magic at a corporate banquet in Vegas tonight at the Stratosphere.
I just love it, a judge that does his job right.....
man im sleepy and this boy need to hurry up and call me
Thankful for everyone that left me and never looked back....
We'll see you on Friday!
Come on over!
The breakfast tacos are flowing, thanks to and El Nuevo Mexico!
I have a day off.
Why can't I sleep for an hour?
That's all I'm asking for.
One stupid hour!!!
you know it!
Jking though.
C and F always have fun.
Even when it doesn't seem possible.
Im going to go to sleep heartbroken tonight knowing you havent noticed me:' /3
GayMarriage finally Obama came out of the closet
I may have to go.
Thanks
If you think you could never kill another human being, you haven't met enough people
Oh look!
There's a guy that can hit AND field better than Raburn.
Must have had an affair with Leyland's wife only explanation.
Parkrose schoolboard forces contract on teachers.
What do you think about that?
Maybe the flyers would score more goals if the musical reward was Bro Hymn
After trying paddle boarding for the 1st time a few weeks ago I'm impressed by the Paddleboarder I saw paddling across Lake Washington  9am
Here comes my bus!
So excited to watch on THE FINDER tonight!
Let's all pray for these people in Haiti.
My heart goes out to them.
It makes my problems look so small.
God be with them!!!
Literally FREE PABST at Pub right now help the cause contribute to the beer pyramid.
Sunday fun day for cheap.
Cheers
Sorry!
No exceptions or extensions.
Individual grade change forms will need to be submitted via faculty center, if grades aren't in
Officially on plane back to Boise...still at the airport, but on the plane nonetheless.
I'M SO PUMPED TO CHANGE MY TAMPON!
chilling fam fucking with the music
We are aware of the current situation.
Thanks for following us back and keep in touch.
You rock.
I also live in the clouds ;
Theenn she went on to say she wished she had the guts to go natural .
Man I just wanna be her new best friend and show her the way LOL
Bought a set of red gym lockers today,might paint them purple.
Signing the lease on my building next week!!!
Grand Opening August 2!!!
very nice!
Squirrel netting is key.
my cilantro looks like a minefield right now..
Me and Nista are taking turns falling asleep in class lol
The RedSox haven't fallen behind in the Wild Card standings yet.
parlay in the plaza
that sounds like a prettygirlproblem /cc
.
actually any kind that allow the ice cubes to fall out of the tray is artisanal enough for me.
Just had lunch with one of my moms coworkers....82 pounds of pure crazy.
Happy Easter!
We are open from noon to 6pm today!
tears of unfathomable sadness!
m yummy yummy RT : i aint even mad.
you are.
check yo self before you wreck yourself.
Do you have the doc in a PDF?
TGIF!
Tell us how are you Doing The Most Good this weekend?
Hey stop f with Korean Jesus!
He ain't got time for yo problems, he busy with Korean shit!
21JumpStreet lmao

This guy is AWESOME!
You really should follow him!
:
When?
How?
Going to doctornk a delicious diet beverage in celebration of the engagement of and
IM SEXXXYYY AND I KNOW IT!
Hi Paul,, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
GAME 2 IN THE BOOKS  SEND IT
If I go to church on Sunday Then cabaret all day Monday Ain't nobody's business if I do
Something always makes me hold on, I hope this time it's different.
who is yor doctoram guy ajustin bieber brobert pattison cjake t austin
:D : If you are out  about enjoying your Saturday, this is for you: Dancing is the poetry of the foot.John doctorden
Cuz They Lovin The Crew , They Lovin The Crew....The Weeknd's Voice
Great goal tonight !
overall one of your best performances if the year!
i shut my fb down a while ago or does it show me still active lol but nothin new just working like always hbu
Still searching and scared?
Glad to hear that.
Jonathan Jackson is one of my favs.
well, I would guess it would be a short movie if they killed the girl at the beginning and proceed to eat the kid
aaaarrrgggh stupid autocorrect!!
My professorssor made me 1st author on a paper just submitted to be published!
What us 52K adjusted for inflation worth today?
How out of line with Puljos?
Hi Jake.
No news to share right now about 4G LTE in that area.
If that changes, we'll share details here.
they are LEGIT.
Its OK to send flowers, but dont let the flowers do all the talking ..
The best flowers can say is that you remembered
Heads up western Waukesha county, SVR warned cell in Jefferson co heading east in next 1520 mins.
hello!
Nice to meet you.
WHAT THE HAIL?!
must....wait.....
2 more hours adsfkjahskuldeg
wish I had some chorizo right now.
There's a difference, tho, between innovation and greed.
Not so black  white, IMO.
Uh Oh.
just put UNLVMBB on upset alert against Nervous yet
ahh !
I sent it by accident !
it's house !
is it truee?
on my personal page or the company?
What would your doctoram project be?
RT : Works for City attorney not the district attorney.
I'm one of the people that don't know difference.
I think her tears were real!!!
Thanks, Steve.
Have fun at Pycon.
I'm in Miami too...
next stop my office!
There is no LPW I or LPW IV class tomorrow.
Please check your email for information from your instructors.
i was thinking that...im confused too.
:/
Why thank you sir.
RT a rare find my friend
Well i Love ya
better than no sleep at all lol
Desert dwellers in Arizona, please have plenty of water on hand and stay hydoctorted.
Today's temperatures will be climbing over 110 degrees.
Saw the new Two and a Half Men and didnt laugh once......
just like I figured.
Miss ya
Men at Work: This year's TNT show you know you're going to watch at least once because of commercials during the playoffs.
Thoughts on SF interest as favor being done by Harbs/Alex as leverage play for Condon/Manning?
We all know the ties.
cool I hope I get to go lol
maybe they're more like screenddoor mtgs :
is at Comerica Park in Detroit, watching the Tigers and the Red Sox.
Eh I'm ok..
Tryna enjoy this beautiful day how are you?
You're a hillbilly for postin this on twitter .
Lmboooo
I think I've decided...paprika with seafoam stripe.
Or lavender stripe.
Hm...what do you think?
Never been this relieved to go home before...
KU27 UK41 This has gone worse than I thought it would.
KU awful at both ends.
No answer for Kentucky.
Safe to say this one is over.
craving starbucks ..
our first daughter has the foodallergy.
Recently found out that our second daughter has at least escaped the top 8!
im getting sleepy, i should take a nap !
i would love to get some honest reviews of my work..
go to www.nickywooten.com i m giving a sneakpeek ;
Interesting that you posted this just now.
I just posted something on the sacredness of water.
Ok I lied lmfao but why is it trending yall dunnnnooo shitttttt
Massage is just one of many tools that fall into the alternative medicine category.
It may even help relieve symptoms of depression.
Crazy week so far!
So excited for the opportunities coming my way.
Feeling blessed!
Oh you dont know me I just saw that ppl were telling you Happy Birthday so I decided to be nice and tell you.
Behold our King nothing can compare, Come let us adore Him!
All ways
yesyesyes same picks here!
Is awfully quiet tonight.
U mean females moving up or down in socioeconomic status?
woot woot!
i'm a lib arts major
My brother smells weird
Thanks!
Glad you loved our video.
but you still have to play the games.
82 games went to waste last season
Jesus is coming!
Look Busy.
that's a weird combo but a good one.
Check me out fam DMEcollective.com dope gear
I think your amazing!
I'm a big fan!
Indeed!
I was discussing CO for my next move though :
WHY ISN'T VALVERDE THROWING THAT SPLITTER MORE??
BUT LET'S THROW A FUCKING FASTBALL RIGHT DOWN THE MIDDLE
G13 on disability in kairotic spaces was one of the most important panels I've seen in my four years at
dm me your number bro
i see.
well youu should stay like that for a while.
and if he really likes you he'll want you again.
:
I'm not saying I want to.
But I can.
:
will do, brother!
Thank you!
TebowGotTradedFor some belly button lent and a pack of winter fresh gum!
And why is there a dude doing pushups in Starbucks right now?
Can you frame those ff in the form of a turds  blossoms assignment?
Thanks for the RT!!
This is great, Steve, thank you.
Make you think!
Lmao oh alright.
Let me post some messages you've wrote lol
I suck at this shit
Disappointing sports weekend all around.
Now a cup of tea and some
I have two tickets to see the Space Shuttle Launch on 10/16 f/the Causeway.
Includes access to Kennedy Space Center.
Have 2 work Pls retweet
Yes and no.
yayyyyy for invitations!
Loving vintage Vince Vaughn and Julianne Moore in Jurassic Park The Lost World
Clients Hiking the Inca Trail with Active South America Arrive at Machu Picchu Today
lol can't wait to hear it from
That's right!
We need another decent and moral President like JFK, Bill Clinton, or Obama.
Thanks for sharing my Storify.
Hoping  make a11ychat a monthly event.
What is the point of the day...
Its 2:39 am in VA  we still going strong!
I love u too sis.
Long sigh
WhyILoveMuseums  Museum's inspire, they open doors, they're just awesome.
Wish I got a chance to meet/talk with you at IHSMDC last night!
No offense to , but half way thru my first listen of the new album I just switched to Ready To Die.
Dude love your stuff!
New fan here!
Be good.
watching the original degrassi!!
Fav line you gave me aa social disease.
Gotta love Texas Country Music!
lol realized i did my English project wrong.
thank god i didnt start writing the final doctorft!
I will be at the Grand Rapids Art Museum on Saturday as a volunteer helping with the Gala event!
congrats bro
Yes, exactly.
The Bloggess just published a book, as did Dooce a couple years ago.
I'm curious to know more about the trend
IfIHadAGun I will shoot all them HATERS!
haha nah, I don't want to waste the bullets .
night:
count on you
I don't want to think about this
' Frontera Grill.
Great food.
Worth every penny.
Wasn't aware the death star had a pr team!
AIGA meetup tonight, want to join?
LOL!
150 for a tee?!?!
Homie, you obviously make too much money.
I buy my tees in 5packs at Target for 15.
Hahaha.
its all good tam glad you back on :
The Form misses you also!!Trying to get us up in that area soon!!
thanks for your RSVP to the fashion show on the 28th!
Its sure to be a great night filled with trendy fashion lovers...
Hello!
I thought I had already followed you but I was wrong!
Def ask Jamie if you need help w/ your site.
Happy tweeting!
Would go to the gym if it wasn't happy hour at urban active..
Love that.
Arizimendi rocks in a big way RT Working at home means time to pick up scones from Arizmendi  still start working early
Perfectly worded RT : i have missed
Do you have a link to the Patch fish fry guide?
I couldn't find it.
they never actually engage more than a very small part of their brain.
The rest of their mind lies dormant....
If you were not here how would your absence impact the world?
Really enjoyed the speed networking event last night in Bethesda.
Thanks, !
Looking forward to the next one.
I will hit up Kevin later this week.
I just signed up today for the conference.
Dam Beyonce you never called me back.
: Looks like a potential candidate for our staycool fan of the week!
Ha, great pic.
Ha!
: : In need of starbucks I'll b your Starbucks babe LOL
wow.
I grew up in a small MO twn home of stfair A accident involving faulty ride killed 3 in 90's Affected twns weak ecnmy for yrs.
inking pages for kids book series..
one more book almost done!
:
Getting ready to watch the Avengers!
Assemble!
ItchyLobes kill me now.
Halloween is Better than Christmas.
K ENOUGHH TWEETIN ON A MISSION SO CATCH YALL LATER..
LIVE,LOVE,LAUGH OUT LOUD....
But last time the Yankees started 03 was '98, when they finished 11448 and beat San Diego in the World Series.
What, me worry?
we're happy you're here!
Have a wonderful day!!
Follow my new Twitter.
!
: I need help.
The fact you woke up this morning is just another reason to believe!!!
Keep moving forward.
Your blessing is coming.
agreed, I love me some chace Crawford :
Back home and it's three generations of women here.
I love it 
yea, very nice guy.
Check my instagram photos
new professorle pic, kinda like changing undies
We should start a group.
Hi, I'm Erica and I bite/pick my nails.
I want to go to walmart, hide in a clothes rack, and when someone comes by, yell, Nuhuh.
These are SO not your style.
Try another rack.
Ticket got waived, that's a stress relief!!!
true dat I try telling people that all the time and people have the nerve to call me antisocial.
I get that a lot lately!
lol
I will doctorp you a message tomorrow.
Thanks.
wow.
Four different fire hydoctornts blasting water from both sides at 26th Street in the Mission.
What did the boy angle say to the girl angle?
You're so acute!
Hey britt!
Its final i won the championship for my fantasy for the second year in a row
ha!
Love it!
: So many touchdowns my wife keeps thinking they're showing replays.
Huskies dawgs
What a great night!
Thanks MPSE!
Love getting these private phone calls cause even if you do call private your number will pop up
Thanks!
RT : happy birthday, !
It is discouraging how many people are shocked by honesty and how few by deceit.
Anonymous
Knowing I would play a position that I had not played for 5 or 6 years I would strengthen my core in the off season  be ready to go.
Sayin'
The best feeling in the world is realizing that you're perfectly happy without the thing you thought you needed..
Rain doctorps
slipping man?
Be careful!
Ayo is dope.
3 doubling fuel effic standards for not just cars but trucks  greatest single act to reduce in global warming pollution ever to date.
Why do department stores have little couch areas before the women's restroom?
Just in case you need to rest or just want to chill after?
Stay tuned as we will be shortly announcing some very exciting news for Vegan 101 series Season 2.
A screening room visitor: I don't think it's a good idea to make Kim JongIl a hipster meme.
Opinions?
Are we hipsters now?
DON'T LET GO YOU'VE GOT THE MUSIC IN YOU
I'm sorry but I just think players should get a point or SOMETHING for what Parise just did....
Post on another girl wall !
great to see you yesterday, funny how things circle around!
100 an hour, every hour exclusively for listeners.
Your next chance coming up.
Listen for your cue.
Love you 3333
Again, VADA knew Peterson failed test is March.
What's the point of testing if nothing was done then?
That is awesome!!
FF comedy festival, can't wait to go!
Lindsey vs.
ETRADE.
What's your VOTE.
Shout it out!
I Think you are amazing.
uh huh tell me anything lol
Tee hee.
I was just rehashing from the top 10 questions comedians get asked.
Pairing Party tonight at New Berlin Ale House, Greg Jennings and Aaron Rodgers will be there!
I am a rebellious personality, and find following a training plan to be so very hard.
Does anyone else feel the same way?
Gotta stick to it!
make sure to take Some Explicit Polaroids of you guys hanging out!
S/o to because she is a balla
London Rose cd's for everyone.
Seriously, everyone....
Sally Jo Cunningham talks about the fun of exploring and enjoying music during information retrieval processes.
Refreshing.
I miss you doe

guess ill watch
: Idk I just love it when someone calls me babe.
babe babe babe babe babe.
Get at me ;
If They love it I dont
I would like you to wear that amazing smile of yours ; x
Let us not Love in word, neither in tongue; but in deed and in
hey man, call me.
You have my cell?
SCREEN ON THE COW!
Voted the Best Patio Movie experience in Atlanta by Dustin Brookshire  Co.
Magazine.
Git on Down here tonight!
Giddy Up!
Looking forward to Juanito Pascaul's flamenco guitar show tonight at Cactus Cafe!
Hoping it will inspire my date to learn flamenco guitar...
Someone wake me up.
Arsenio don't play!!
you are welcome so what do u do?
I love to mi vanilla nigga .......
Aaaaaaayyyyyeeeeeee
Christmas With My Girl is freakin' AWSOME!!!!!!!!
u have more patience than me...I walk out of crappy movies quick lol
I even got his paycheck once.
thought I got a big bonus!!
cant sleep!!!
ugh stupid biology starr 2morrow  i should be ok with that...
...Thx...Hope to see you at the Dove Style Magazine launch party, Feb 4th 7pm10pm....more details to come...
Goodnight Twitter hope when I wake up Austin is following me I'm gonna pray to god to get more followers and to get Austin night night :
That's the way to go!
Mike
Here we go baby!
Just applied for a serving position.
Did a little walkabout this afternoon at lunch.
Weather here in Los Angeles is incredible  bright blue skies and clean from recent rain!
:
great newsletter updatestransparent  informative on DH's issues and progress
Big Bertha endorses Sandy Frankel for Monroe County Executive!
This is Big Bertha's opinion, not other company members.
had THE BEST day today with my family.
They are truly the best people on the face of this planet.
not much..
do not encourage him randy!
Lol
I miss you more!
Hope ur well, let's catch up soon!!!
: : dear Rachel, I.
Miss.
You.
Really wanna go outside and take a quick sail.
: Listen I want to hate Tim Tebow.
I just can't ......
I like him.
Jets don't get sucked in
Fantasy doctorft in tminus 5...
The true work of art is but a shadow of the divine perfection.
::: Michelangelo :::
now whenever we walk to Kroger after some heavy lifting and agility, I better get a ride home big boyy
Jonny Gomes homers in 12th inning against former team to lead A's over Rays 43  Washington Post
I have an emergency credit card that could handle two pairs.
But like I said Emergency only!
Parents, We have a few spots available for 4th graders at our Bellaire Campus.
Sign up for Writing Camp today!...
1613 isn't bad, maybe the Mets will actually give me something to watch this summer.
has done a great job going from the general to the specific!
Best of luck!
I know u'll hit the ground running like last time!
Memorable games!
From L.A.
Well, your target demographic has higher instance of vision issues that average.
It's a connection to life thing.
Excellent question.
Edgar?
Junior?
Oh, wait...Boone?
I wish you would see yourself the way I do.
Who's seen our new photos?
Never thought I'd root for the Patriots, and especially not Tom Brady, but anything to keep the Ravens from the Super Bowl!
Should not lunch so late in the work day but it's been another one of those days.
Trabajando muy duro y tengo mucho hambre.
In bed reading my novel instead of writing my papers
: AUNTIE MAKING TOAST.
Mommy cant  Aw!
You'll be wonderful!
go go go amercan kicks ass man
TY he was not a golfer but played the Violin, but he may have taken it up:
Working with for AP US has made me feel more confident :
breaking bad
I Love Logan Lerman 
Our 4yo puked 13 times in a few hours yesterday, making it to the toilet for 9, which sounds like a high  unless you're the guy cleaning up
Lets do it...brewcity...stand up!!
Follow back please.
:
Starting to think that most of our fans aren't really twittery people.
Overheard: Designers have tattoos.
Developers turns designs into 'snaffoos'
This line at the barber
I could easily eat an entire box of ritz crackers...
n ur still ugly now J/P lol
Digital diversity: multiple voices that can imprint, influence, and shape the ways new media is designed, deployed, and studied
Instead of started the next deeper mixtape since I already finished Butterfly Effect ima make an album only of diss tracks lol.
Playoffs...Nascar...but no baseball??
Wtf??
no madness
time to start the new week, so much work!
Funday Monday: Poll Question  Would you rather train your upper body or your lower body?
Your music tweets  me plugging my XM radio back in
What song are you most excited to hear live at our EP Release show?
We are having a THURSTY Thursday sale TODAY ONLY  buy any 2 of our HCG programs and get the 3rd for FREE www.lasvegashcg.com
hurry up!
One day left to watch an entire category of Ryan Gosling Movies on Demand!
gist of your post to me is that focus so often on issues, problems, complaints; easy to stay mired there ..
Little bunny foo foo hopping thru the forrest pickin up the field mice and bopping them on the head!
The City's Longest Happy Hour goes to 7pm then starts the After Dark Happy Hour at 10pm to 3am.
Plus it's Sangria Friday!
Can't Resist??
Finally, week is half gone..
Already feels like friday..
Weeks end can't get her soon enough..
shut up
RT Be the Coach, Guru, and Expert, of Your Own Life.
Stop Looking to Others for Your Magic Answer.
You are It!
Lori Moreno
AND U ARE THE BEST RADIO STUD!!
KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!
PEACE!
ALSO, LIKEN THE NEW PICK!
Back in PDX after 5 weeks that took us through Germany, Austria, Italy, France, Belgium and the Netherlands celebrating our 20th
In need of some lighter books.
Any mustread Fantasy novels I should know of/about?
: thanks for the follow!
Looking to forward to hearing some of your tunes!
C: TY too:Let me know whatcha think!
I need to work on small talk so someone's assumption that since I don't like hockey I must be artsy doesn't leave me pondering that binary
happy bday to and
oh yes Jewels you know it I've been ready since the season started, you Ready?
Go Heels
Crazy people do the the simple things ...
We are very excited to be the home of so many fans this week!
What's the greatest thing you've seen so far?
I went to get a loan and they asked my race, so I wrote 'Human' on the space'' The Beastie Boys3
They ARE still around.
I've seen them Portland twice in the last four years.
I'll give you a heads up next tint.
Totally worth it.
He is probably just sad cause he realized he is Lebrons side kick
It's you it's you it's all for you....Lana del Rey!
Almost there.....
YEAH!
Thanks, beauty...
RT : On March 15th, THE THEATRE BIZARRE will be released nationwide Horror Queen!
Can't wait to see it!
Start school on Monday.
I wish a celeb wuld come to my school n Baltimore and performed, signed autographs, or even both!!
:
Ready 4 the weekend!
Wish I could be there too!
Have a great time!
We're in process of seeking funding to expand digitizing of trade literature material, so hopefully much more to come!
Cont...
RT : Friday IZZM'S Invade Richs for a once and a life time kinda fasion show with sexy models ,
The changing of thought patterns is more than a thing of intellect; it is also a thing of inner convictions.
Ernest Holmes
Then Shaunie, Ev and Suzie get in da van.
On da slick they all trying 2 say Tami took it too far.
All them hoes scared if u ask me
Happy Saturday!
I get the feeling that going aggressive on the basepaths against Gio will be a thing this year.
what is K.M ?
that's not karli i know , but what is it ?!
It's 1AM, Wifey is putting work in.
I'm up chilling MMG on blast being a supportive BF.
Reach the Beach is an incredible ride, made better only by having all of your friends along for the ride.
New this year: TEAMS!
glad you like it!
:
well I'm sick at the moment but other than that I'm just peachy!
Throwing away all of my yellow skittles...
trying to think it through.
a bank that loans to gov for pub works/ed/health care.
voluntary, local, not BofA  good.
Well yes EXACTLY : Bol: create a cyberinfrastructure to share historical geospatial data.
ucberkeley
Heath Bell.
Wow
Six people got off the westbound trolley just now.
No transportation problems yet.
i kno it did
Hey there, yes, she still lives in the same place, and the gallery is virtual now  busy as ever, doctorp her a line  say hi
yawn, Good Morning
Man I think my laptop is fried....
I'm at the apple store and they have my phone !
I'm getting the 4S.
Some old man has my phone!
Being a mother is.nvr a job where u can clock in an out
hmu dude we have to hang this week .
Proud to be a RAM!
goramsgo!
lmao you are a mess!
Where you getting tatted at?
I'm still alive but I'm barely breathing.
Thx for the post, Jon.
Dave was larger than life and will be dearly missed
Ugh!
Why do Seattle doctorvers get all stupid when it rains?
not that I am aware of but the muppets have a fun version of it.
Do 6 yr olds watch the muppets.
I am out of my depth on that one.
Family, amazing friends, and this moment
hahahh im in class right now...the teacher is like only 20 feet away from me too.....aaha
If i could describe today with one word it would be.
Yawn.
I fell asleep in the comfy sack.
The product name does not lie.
you're so sweet cody 3
Just until the warnings of snow pass.
TallyCardz, Student tested, wallet approved!
I should be doing homework but you know...
internet seems like a better idea.
Watching this clippers/suns game
They don't have to live in it ANYMORE...
IT IS OVER...
Anyone see where I am going with this?
Continued next tweet
Tony Bennett is beyond legendary
You don't have to pay..?
Now we are back to reality..
Well umm next week, Monday we Goin to Compadoctors  I'm not gonna stand you up !!
Lmfao, hello!
And there is no way all of these subtweets are directed towards me.
Just most.
:: He Was Just talking bout any boy .
And Idk.
hey just lettin u know im able to protect u if u came to LA
scms12 critics have described the film's structure as similar to blues
Follow GOD'S steps and u can't loose!
doctorve to get my hair cut at Rob's Barber Shop in Jamestown, NCThis is a great place to get my Cary Grant haircutClassic.
Olympic Curling
Not to mention, because it's film; skin tones and color reproduction are perfect, full of detail, just how you wanted them.
Stuff to do before 12: go to the school, pickup books, tutoring, hitting lesson, go with dad to meeting  average day for me
's Abbey Klaassen: when pitching, lead with the benefit  true in PR as in advertising.
100th Birthday Anniversary 2DVD Collection including the firstever documentary on the extraordinary life of Dale Evans, Queen of the West.
and Thanks for writing ur Zelda rap..
only thing I've thought about in the hospital.
: keeps my mind of surgery.
Attention HIT students: Faculty candidate presentation tomorrow at 6pm in the Info Commons
My juvie in da yard wit my doctorws n her hand
Why does CBS refuse to acknowledge great NCAA Tournament moments pre1982?
damn son!
u are international for real!
My school takes the olympics thing too seriously
Me and Selena.
4 ever linked.
Pizza hut yay
Thanks so much for that!
Badgers roll over Montana in the first round of the NCAA tournament 7349.
Recap from Albuquerque in tomorrow's Cardinal
Follow you now
so hoping i get this class date next week then i come back pack and time to bonce to puerto rico yaeeeee
Things will never be the same nomore
ighgt haha who do they have returning?
I'll always remember going to the NBA Finals in 200708 and everyone still chanting No Means No at Kobe.
A woman who knows her value will only put up with a mans nonsense for so long.
All the city buses say Go Magic at the top of them today.
GUEST OPINION: Mass.
rising to the challenge on climate change  Wicked Local
MLM News!
ZeroPoint Global
does an maplebacon scone?
Could you ask them to have that on the menu in August??
Sound incredible.
yeah....hoping spending some time with my dog, cooking dinner, and just relaxing helps...hardcore workout tomorrow night.
how does the database change memory?
We do!
Are you taking any classes this year?
yo dat jacket is tight son...ya mean?!
i wanna go cruising wiff mi bby.
Our waking hours form the text of our lives, our doctorams, the commentary.
Anonymous
Lol why do Sheldon and I have so much in common?
:P
I am so with you on that!
wow extra sick
RT : Watch out for Miami and Portland..
there killing it !
Miami weak, we got way more strip clubs over here.
lol
buff chick dip
The muscles in the upper part of the face tend to move more when someone is lying.
Love that vid!
Saw some peeps saying how they are too close, lol
Snagged food  the Tremont Farmer's Market: fava beans from PorBor Farms, greens from Morningside, snacks from Plant Kingdom...
Affinitydiagramming  it feels good to get out those postits and look like a crazy person for a few hours :
yeah I'm up flexxin ready to merk one of ur Beats
RT : You're everything I wanted, but nothing I ever needed.
I'd buy it.
If I had my own museum my goal would be for every visitor to leave with a slightly altered worldview  understanding of themselves
Well, we've got the added problem of having a 2yrold and a 4monthold.
No sleep for a few years more.
im having so much fun talkn to my best friend alexgibson :
I'm so tired, about to knock out tonight 
you must be talking about Netflix streaming?
I have that and I agree nothing but old shit.
either falling off ellipticals or doctoroling in lecture.
Congrats to all the Class of 2012 graduates.
In 6 months, I will welcome you to the joys of student loan payments!!!
:/
A verdict has been reached in the Casey Anthony case!
What will it be?
Tell us how you really feel :
I love watching the auditions to see all the people that audition with the stupidest things.
Haha
it was fun.
I swear there is more to life than getting fucked up...
anytime sunshine;
Hope you had a wonderful time!
RT Headed to next week for some RR!
Thanks for the kind FF !
I hate when I have meetings on April Fool's Day...I always question if they're gonna show up.
Watching RuPaul's Race!
Hey , I'll wear jorts to our game tomorrow only if you can get to run the Flying Pig in them.
We've got a food truck in Miami called OF the chain grilled cheese and tomato soup.
Rok on Rob.
especially the womens bathroom, the mens bathroom are always near by uggg
BEAUTIFUL photo!!!!
WOOOOAH!
Talk about being BAKED!
Really Chicago Bulls???
Your MVP is still in the game when you're up by 12 with 1 min to play and he goes down with a knee injury????
Fools!
lol, no.
Not yet bud: I still have till Wednesday.
Mothers day is right around the corner.
Don't wait too long!!
Mom wants pie!
okay cool.
I'm working prob for the next 20 min, then I'll swing by :
Note to self: read a book by Theodore doctoriser.
Santorum and Romney...
just wasting bandwidth and sapping our energy.
Anybody want some rookie pennys for 120?
size 8.5 or some stealth red and gray retro jordan 3's for 80 to 100?
size 9, let me know asap
It is said that our actions will live in eternity.
Yet, the lives we touch will last forever.
sweet, take care!
Last night and tonight, NO POINTS on the FINAL SCORE TWEETS!
I can't breathe out of my left nostril.
valid point, it does get quite monotonous.
i dont know what to wear on saturady love/:
about to watch the pack DESTROY the Vikings!!
packersvikingsdevestation with
He's so cool, we're talking about Call of Duty!
I hope she marries him.
3
Almost everytime i take a pill, i get the side effects!
Wtf .
Thanks for the inclusion
I'm a sucker for a fat ole ass booty....
Sigh.
Smile.
Deep breaths.
Work now.
Aieeeee!
RESPECT THE BIEB RESPECT IT
hey its alyssa ur doctor stalker jk for real but i love u ur so funny and ive been ur fan sense forever3
thanks bartenderman for letting me know that I look like an Asianversion of HopeSolo 
I ask a bitch her name and tell her go board the plane
I knitted Dave a 2x2 rib scarf that took me over a week to do.
I just graduated from a 3 week knitting class.
DC  knitting party
Dale confirmed they knew Wood was retiring for about 2 Weeks.
Police are investigating allegation that Syracuse assistant Bernie Fine molested former team ball boy
Our Handmade Marshmallow Gift Bags are a long time favorite, and they can be enjoyed alone, or use them on S'mores!
4 for a bag of 8
Remote Conductor works well with Lion but the gestures are still Snow Leopard style.
We'll sync this up in a future release.
Hello , thanks for you help with twitter.
Does charter fitness have spinning class
aww im okay, i got my exam tomorow :/ watch some TVD!
yes dude, this summer we should go lookin for sum' :'
has 1.3 mil followers, so doubt he'll see my smart ass answer to did u evr notice the Brewers retro mitt logo has M B in it?
This is my alterego.
He's always angry.
Crunch fitness is about to have me blow them the fck up.
I need to calm myself before I go in and talk to the rep.
Wooosahhhhhhh
In A Demonic Ass Way
Guess what?
Erik and Mumble from HAPPY FEET TWO will make an appearance at theNAT tomorrow, 122pm.
Stop by for a photo!
Happy New Year, Austin!
lol I'm actually going to Cali in July again haha I'm just hoping it doesn't interfere with the concert
New version 1.1.14 of Mac Conductor Server fixes a problem with Dock icons caused by the 10.7.2 Lion Update.
www.rctrackpad.com/server
Waukesha Cty Exec to Kathy Nickolaus: Resign or hand off duties to deputy clerk in upcoming recall 
Omg I gained soo many follower and I don't even no how???
But I'm happy :
Packing for an impromptu vacation
i know rite i was just speaking the truth brock is gonna lose this sunday at ExtremeRules by john cena
It's bday today  he's decided to doctornk beer while playing golf.
He's waiting for to show up!
wews ..
i got my new hair :p
It's hard to come out of this series without feeling a least a little bit down on the Pacers, right?
I mean...comon.
WAS THAT AT WESTLAKE?!
I totally agree.
A successful blogger positively affects his/her readers and has a strong voice that's not easy to do!
So its 5:45am and I'm wide awake watching my wife feed my son...I've been up for the past hour!
Sometimes, you just have to take the elevator in the lit building.
Bro life is so awesome the way things happen if you are not connected here on PS you need to be !
hahahahahha why are you so precious?
Closet geek....
I'm a bigger closet geek though, trust me
It must be the first day of Fall, the high today will only hit 100!

you guys gona be rolling thru on the 20th?
What?!
It's too early in the day for stalking.
I'm networking!
Now, if you'll excuse me, I'll be hiding in these bushes.
oh cool, you're not too far away then.
We'll have almost a month before classes start so we plan to get out  see it up close
How good of a knight could Ser Loras be?
He's been stabbing Renly for years and he hasn't killed him yet!
Tyrion LOL
Long term parking is looking cramped.
Leave time for the possibility of having to park away from the main lot.
Haha sorry I wish.
They gave us one per person.
And they KNEW if you tried to go back.
Sheesh.
It is very hard to park my boat between classes.
That sounds fun.
RT : I.
Am.
Delirious.
RT : A4: Definitely important, but choose one close to home and there's less expense
cityfolkmightcome bring their atheism, loose women, rockroll.
LOCK YOUR DOORS, THE DEVILS OUT THEREHES GONNA GETCHA!
I hear the passenger seat is nice.
Welcome to the paper!
had a really fun time at NAMM this year!
Lots of cool new products and software was at the show!
I will be posting all about my experience.
Nice avi my dude
At vatorsplash looking forward to some good pitches!
Ceviche for lunch, yum
I can remove 90 of your socalled beauty with a Kleenex
whosgonnalose  tweeting results week15 of the NFL here
Morning!
What are you up to today?
i wish would ntice me :'
haha why so mad!!
I'll have to find her
Interested in being part of JNC?
DM for more details
What's up
awesome!
:D
everyone reacts differently to the meal plan, it's a lot of food to eat for sure.
Joy is the feeling of grinning on the inside.
Melba Colgrove
Home, sick again
Imma put my girl in a headlock when she get to da crib
no :D now i dont care about this exam : heeheh

my gig in west VA getting ready to sound check.
bout to make some noise and have a blast playing some rb!
Awesome and done.
Hi Mady thanks for following, as soon i get out of Max out I will follow ya.
It seems the South is alive and well
Was that message to us?
In response to the DM?
Money...
it controls peoples lives...
its sad to say people choose money over family.
Thank you Nancy, I love you!
no, you're the idiot.
Your opinion is biased.
im not even suree :
You're so sweet!
Thank you so much!
We feel so blessed!
I will def post pics when he arrives!
I hope you're doing wonderful!
F Yes!
This is the real world Chris.
If you don't do it yourself it don't get done.
;
You sound like girls who like to shop until you doctorp Do you get out to brookfield at all ?
25 billion apple appstore downloads?
You're welcome.
Now, screw your stupid contest and give us all a million free songs.
We deserve it.
Game day...game time 1:00..
the thunder dome
SPA WEEK IS BACK!
50 Specials in October: 50 Min Arasys Slimming Session, Sudatonic Wrap, or Adara Facial  Pedicure Book fast!
Bench Felton now...
doctorFT PLEASE!
good to see you today!
Let me know how shadowing goes next week
Homer In saffroncolored mantle from the tides of ocean rose the morning to bring light to gods and men.
Pretty sure Damages is filming right by NYC today
none the less tonight was fun with my bbys paola jenny pri  katie : goodnight xoxo
Enjoy many sports but this college bball season has me primed for MarchMadness  10x better than the BCS  agrees!
Curious, what are the ties between the Freedom Foundation of Minnesota and the Kock's?
: at work bored
great songs love sleep tight and titanic!
small and epic at the same time
Sex sells, so you better be a bad bitch with a sex tape, if I wanna be famous.
Keep your head up man, you will have many more games to make your legend known at O State.
Enjoying my premister meds.
Is that wrong?
I would love to see how the Arab world is reporting this story.
Not much on AlJazeera English.
I feel like, I wouldn't like me if i met me.
could you not guess my doctorwSome?
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
Today is going to be a good day.
Why?
Because it's taco day.
A bank is a place that lends money as long as you can prove you don't need it
Going to the 1994 All Star game in Arlington and seeing Wade Boggs warmup with Cal Ripken
your bf Anton seems really cool, genuinely nice, i was at little door on thursday night, you all looked fabulous together
Im almost their
2012 setting everything in place with sponsors and changing directions can't wait
That's good news...
people definitely want to see how the career scoring race shakes out between you and
Thank you  Jason Berns for that insightful AllStar panel!
Its about time we thank you again for following us!
We hope it has been pleasurable.
ok...
time 2 get some rest  get ready for dis long ride back to Houston tomorrow morning...
U all have a blessed night ;o
Your welcome:Dxx
I have no axe to grind, I don't even have an axe..
:
haha ok wait tell me
So cool!
Wish I was there!
its alright sweetie I just be missing him ALOT
crazy in a good way  funny at the same time
I'm Good,would you have a contact for production,if you are looking for some?
Will you follow our brothers and sisters on twitter?
By ours too.
But we're  Desales corner talking about how great a city flea event would be here.
I thought u knew Wat I ment...
Sorry bout tht.
I wasn't trying to be an ass...
Really I am sorry bout tht and I am really thankful for W ...
: Modern Family at Disneyland!!!!!
Making me want to go to Disneyland  and be a Dunphy  SO badly!
StudioPress, WooThemes, ElegantThemes, to name a few of the better companies.
Never that!
That soapbox rant just got you a follow, FWIW!
I'll pass your article to the human rights students I work with.
Thx 4 the love baby good morning back to you; Muah!
RT Shout out to
Signing the lease this week.
Subscribe to the Colorado Circus World Newsletter by emailing
Are we computing in stratus of cumulus?
Is this a sunny day?
Or a cloudy one?
If your Asian and your parents don't give a damn about your grades.
BLESS YOUR SOUL!
Thanks for the RT ...
Kathy's a great agent  covers the Verona Wisconsin area well!
Im bout to do something ill regret in my entire life ......
hahaha...nah....but I'll ask her if she knows the tune
Looking for an earthday volunteer opportunity?
Lend a hand at the MHFH ReStore Recycling doctorve on 04/22.
Call 414/2579078 for details

Rand Paul....just another guy who gives REAL MEN a bad name.
Thanks for your feedback!
I'll start working on a new post soon.
Don't be ashamed!
Embrace it ; And thank you!
I'll be on the hunt for the new episode.
Hoping to find it  watch tonight!

MEMORIES  I know yall remember back in tha day in P.E.
playin wit tha rainbow colored parachute Retweet if u do
Bored in world geography :
EVERYONE HAVE A GREAT VALENTINE'S DAYY.
DON'T FORGET GUYS FLOWERS AND CANDY :
: BREAKING: Chicago Bulls PG Derrick Rose has torn ACL and MCL in left knee, will miss remainder of playoffs.
:O
Journalists are busy: offer compelling stories not obvious promotions Vocus State of the Media  Offer real people, not just spokespeople
she can do fucking any voice I feel like ..you need to be here
Bill Hall isn't on deck, is he?
I am relaxed, got my tea and a good book
are you going to be doing the beach babe dvd?
We should do it together!
Another beautiful day in Denver.
Time for lunch and then flying back to ATL and trying to catch the birthday festivites
You out lookin for love and he out tryin to fuck.
Push that lame to the side and raise your morals above
I want one of those bacon ranch chicken flatbread sandwiches
And that ties the series!
5 DOWN!
11 TO GO!!!!!
Meeting 's film friends in Logan Square tonight.
Starting God of War 2.
Can seski send friend?
Feet sore now but maybe later summertime to tidal pools and coastline?
wait a second cam toe is trending oh lordy
Not enough time with you, too much time without you.
I'm probably not gonna get any scholarship money
Aw shucks.
Thanks!
RT : We love them as well!
what f stop did you use?
what mm for the lens?
We'll go live to Manchester, NH.
Republicans running for president will debate there tonight!
More at 5:30 on
im fake..
Im a barbie doll :
Fa real tho
yo, if there's one person that needs to go...it's you homebwoy
oh I get so excited by job talks in the engl dept.
young professor giving their best work!
thank for the follow!
Pretty sure it's time for some Firefly
Went from page 12 to page 7 on the PostRock charts in Bandcamp!
Also, we're beating in the miami charts on Bandcamp!
Looks like you're flying through WoT.
I'm still only on ch6 of Great Huntwhich I only read while at the gym.
yea lol I just sat him and his squad at the back table..I think he got a face lift or something
why is that?
givin sum tips to my H.S peeps bout SU...
I really wish I was in D.C.
right now.
Good morning abq!
Happy Friday tweeps!
Congrats on the new job!!!!!!!
This is my 3000th tweet you guys.
Thanks for putting up with all my dumb thoughts
Haha!
Yes, yes  yes.
Meet me!
RT : Is there a riot?
If so, count me in?
Know where Irsay lives?
wow man u just got the easiest doctorw ever
For complex, long lifecycle products, sales force product training sequence moving salespersons from product novice to experts will pay off
If things change in the blink of an eye, can I keep blinking until I find something good?
I mean shit, ELFs, if you're going to countertroll me you could at least make it interesting by calling Victoria or Tiffany fat or something
Im a great advice giver but cant take my own for shit,, i over process to much...
Let her back?
CLT needs :
The comic book Epilogue has changed its name to the Hidden Scene  only difference is when we were kids we only had to wait 30 days
Whats IDK mean:I don't know.: KNOW BUDDY KNOWS
Are you prepared for the zombie apocalypse?
Need a cute zombie doll to carry around to blend in with the zombies?
I think it would work...
Thank You to and everyone who came out to ride the carousel.
With your help, we raised over 600 for the School's library.
Loving this x collaboration.
Thanks for loaning me some running shoes!
Since she's being awarded her Master's Degree tomorrow, I suggest we all refer to the lovely as Master Hopper from here on out!
check your email brother.
Both of those pitchers have somewhat struggled to start this season...agreed.
THE RAID: THE QUICKENING
Another day in
Create n me a pure heart, O God, and renew a steadfast spirit within me.
Do not cast me from your presence or take your Holy Spirit from me
true fact: RT : doctorymond Green leads the NCAA in getting the most out of every foul committed.
hope you had a really great day!
I hope tomorrow is an even better one!
Just heard a beautiful set at the vanguard.
Motian/Kikuchi/Osby.
Incredible version of Bemsha Swing.
When your global teacher isn't qualified to give tests anymore.
LOL that was the funniest thing I've heard all morning!
i don't care what u talk in your songs, if i look in ur face and don't see a survivor, a warrior or a healer, i aint your target listener
I'm not saying I hate you...but if you were hurt really bad and I had a phone to call an ambulance, I'd order a pizza instead.
Q tip
Let her know how much fun she would have on Twitter.
got me interested.
Learning to trust God is the most valuable lesson we will ever learn!
fe in Fullerton ca.
The suns about to come up that means it's time to pass out.
Thanks for all your continued support.
More news to be ...
Thank you to the 180 followers, If you know a movie lovers tell them to follow this page, for movie projects and more!
NOLF Sequel, but only if the other two can come out bundled with it.
Why is it so hard to pack when I have Jonas on the brain?
President Obama and Congress continue to quibble over rescue plan for Los Angeles.
Filibusterer scheduled to last the night.
you better not delete!!!
They are just jealous you can get a tweet from Mad  they cant.
Great to put a voice to the tweets, !
I was bound to run into you at , a wedding, or a restaurant.
I would b too lol
Got my new schedule!
RT: Key to success in software development for humanities: Do only one thing, do it right, says Ronald Dekker at
had a great night last night with my sister and boy oh boy do we have big things in store for this summer
Deepening my understanding of my passions.
Excited about having a new filter for my life's work!
Thanks Sandye!
Clippers with the comeback!
i'm with you.
Bot an NBA fan but love march madness!
Want to see a picture of my cat?
Answer: no.
Have truer words ever been spoken?
Finally a commercial that makes sense!
Who is coming out to see tonight or tomorrow?!
Learning to enchant and engage in social media from event w/ Guy Kawasaki
Sending positive  peaceful thoughts to everyone going HAM waiting on LSAT scores.
alpine valley 2010...
I dig it.
Esp
OMG Won't Give Up is my new song!
We need to get this on the radio.
It's as powerful as I'm Yours ..
brilliant!
Even crazier  a lot of that doctorftwood came from across the Pacific and still managed to hit that little rock somehow.
RomCon FFP Dinein:Thou shalt not engage in: flying, morphing, shapeshifting, casting of magical spells, or other displays of power.
God is amazing!
Listening to 's The Sound of a Million doctorams..smooth, sexy, soothing vocals...incredible voice, fantastic album!
LOVE all of the photos!
Thanks for sharing.
Did you have a good time?
True or False: Word on the street is that Bar Management Group wants black folks to party at Lux, not ...
scratches head
who's your mom Mir?
:D
its DELTONA what do you expect
Thanks homie!
Appreciate your support.
Wow though...
I need to be in a ice bath for life.
coffee up and edit something.
Purpose.
Value.
Produce.
Build up self worth.
Sunday.
Playing tonight: Bad Daze at Ironwood; Aaron Work at The Brown and Terry Sabo at The Grapevine...
Rex just called yuni a premier shortstop
Yo , my VDay guilty pleasure movie is mister and mister.
Smith
Worship Ministry gettogether tonight!
It's going to be fun!
so..where do you do?
3 reasons why I cuss: 1 Because I fucking want to.
2 Because I fucking can.
3 Because I don't give a fuck.
I love your wicker bike basket!
my mom cooks amazing eggs for breakfast : yum...
I wish she would deliver them to me every morning
Aye you got a myspace?
this just got so wierd, some of that shit was so crazy i didnt believe half of it and it turned out to be real what can i do for u?
Overlapping phases have 2 decohere along which axis?
Starting to look familiar?Think Atwater got interferometry years ago ,but this is new:
If you had a hidden camera in my apartment, you'd know that I just had an entire conversation with Poptart, my dog.
allstar weekend in PHX/Scottsdale
Best line of the meeting.
I'm sure there's a figure lurking there 
Exactly cause j crawford hates the nuggs smfh RT : And why is that not a flagrent?
Somebody give me a kick in the ass.
I need some motivation right now.
I hate getting off work so late..
It's official, I'm now a member of the National Association of Charterboat Operators!
looking good!
Goodnight lovelies.
Stay safe if youre out tonight.
3
You'll have to tell me why if your up to it.
And okayy sounds good!!
although I don't know if im going for sure..
I am not a hater but I hate the work that you are doing now, Jesus Walks moved me, Now all this secretive stuff with Illuminati
IT'S SMALL BUSINESS SATURDAY!
Come on in for a burger on your shopping break....alot of fun, sales,  goodies on The Avenue today
Man bitchesa come and go hahah we don't trip if ya aint tryna stic around, play that bs its all good
Fck this game!!
I don't want to watch anymore!!
you really creep me out ..
haha!
I never thought I'd wear this color either.
But it's in and now I think it looks cute/fun.
RT: House GOP attack on transit funding doctorws angry letter signed by 600 groups, pols,  individuals.
cc:
Why did they announce seacrest as ricky martin?
uword where are you at the cross?
Watch out Twitter, this biscuit now has an IPhone.
Remember to sign up for 's enewsletter for newly released studies and upcoming presentations 
I just had to google where Montreal was in Canada.
I probably failed all geography quizzes in the 3rd grade and erased all such memories.
Happy Birthday!
I think i'm just going to listen to mixtape until I leave
Trying out Community, kinda meh so far.
TIA RT : ah!
scorpion in my room, snake outside, rat next door, and i just ran out of gas, so no cooking for awhile.
Sweet.
yeah I ended up blocking him, and I never block anybody.
He just got really annoying  made no sense at all
I dont know if I want to spend money on that though since I already seen it but idkkkk :P
Now gonna watch as JJ putz this one to bed.
I kill myself lol
Sounds great!
Did you enjoy the 1881?
RT : Had the 1881 at Roxy with the best pork chop ever
How to Handle Little Liars  Wall Street Journal: Or they might give mixed signals, such as, Get A's at all cost...
Read that they were going to focus on music.
I can't even delete mine though.
KobaltTools400 Make it easy I really need the tix
Had a nuts day
oh no!
slacking .
haha jk :p
They said it couldn't and wouldn't be done but ground is being broken today for the rehab of the historic Ferdinand Building.
Amen!
Of course!!!
Why do you ask?
foursquare.com ...cool technology...would have been great to have in my college years...gonna give it a look anyways
Happy birthday!
Globalnet Telecom Leading the way in telecom customer service
Cool stuff.
Thanks for sharing!
Hey!
What brings you to our fair city?
Ur personal running blog is not only motivating to yourself, but also to others.
Great read.
What shoes do u run in right now, ?
Wilco sounds like a toy company and Yankee Hotel Foxtrot sounds like a foxracing game of some kind.
That was my initial assumption.
Bronx Bombers!
go yanks!
The most important thing you'll need as a director is your imagination.
It's all you need.
If you don't believe me, try going to set, doctornk.
Alton won.
Wade a bit later.
I said whats caramel cake?
e'rybody had the ice grill
aw dang who in ya room?
back to philosophy...
what if matter DOESN'T exist?
ugh I hate science class.
Cut processing time 7000 to 1.
Expanded 3500 sentiment words.
Process time slices quickly w/ sentiment network analyzer.
love to hear you cover the Tortorella press conference situation.
Pop going away from his usual rotation here?
Manu, Parker  Duncan on court for good chunk of time in 1st quarter.
Who built the Empire state?
well both y'all niggas be hatin on em.
When the heat win the championship don't even slide to 49 street
RT : Will be speaking tonight at 6:30 pm  on Saturday talking about wild game cooking.
Would love to see you there
Why the F SEPTA have no tweets about derailed train and delays across the RR system?!
How hard is it to keep riders informed?
Suckerpunch just gave the term dance battle a whole new meaning.
Ugh, Getting tired of hearing about Tim Tebow!
I don't even watch football!
So happy that Orlando won!
It is the skid mark of budah
aww thanks so much girl!!
Every little bit will help!!
I love you!!!!
3
Everyone follow my girl she's an incredible Dj and beautiful inside  out!!!
She rocks!!!
Yes!!!
5 free donuts left!!!!
letsmeetthewife :
Our new granola flavorDark chocolate covered walnuts, oats, almonds, pepitas with cacao nibs  gojiberries.
Mucho antioxidants in this one!
It seems that only has one thousand followers.
Also, do any companies support them because THIS MOM will not support YOU haters.
Crying reading all my old tweets  looking through my favorites knowing people use to talk to me on here
U WANT SUM FOLLOWERS???
GO FOLLOW teamblackhouse AND MENTION THEM FOR A FOLLOW BACK x2
Finally working again after months of unemployment?
I'd like to talk to you.
Email me direct at .
Thanks!
Meet and Greet:C
PLease follow me.
My daughter is graduating high school .
Her teacher in culinary gave her the gold medal.
She loves food!
In Midland bout hit da Mall up before da Swagger's Fashion Show/Concert!!
Kittehs do not like it when I'm home during the day, messing up their schemes.
I am also making a lot of loud human noises, like coughing.
Get ripped like Elite Personal Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
I hear good things about sushi in St.
Pete  Rollbotto seems to be buzzing lately.
I am planning more in your hood!
My lips are the gun.
My smile is the trigger.
My kisses are the bullets.
Label me a killer.
Packing to leave PHX for 3 months!
Bittersweet but exciting over here.
This sounds really cool!
Is this for summer '11?
Don't doctoram of great games, play 'em !
Come on down !
Soundtrack on this netflix movie is outta sync.
Words and lips don't match.
If not for Julia Stiles, it'd be unwatchable
A Seven Nation Army can't stop Killjoys
Cudahy pursuit terminated due to speed around MPH
I run away from my problems, bc sometimes I just don't wanna face em
I was not told so it doesn't count!
Either way, just sign on to chat some time.
We miss you
Thinking of those in NewEngland and beyond who lost their lives in the storm; and those who are still powerless and/or homeless.
Senator James eldoctordge, chair of housing and homelessness talks about state doesn't have plans to endhunger or homlessenss.
If I cared what Fiance's think I wouldn't have my job!
Chicago suddenly knows its January.
So effing cold.
: How about partnering up w/ to provide TexttoPay Rent via text message for Renters?
getting my haircut tonight, and I'm way too excited about the 5 minute head massage.
ff bc she's a rich bitch :
How appalling is it that the group who's most responsible for destroying the sanctity of marriage, claim to defend it.
Having a hand grenade
Mautino: This is emblematic of difficult session.
Was proud sponsor for 2 hrs, got 8000 calls!
Giving some history about this benefit.
Still awake reading the program and putting together my meeting plan of action at afs11.
Great conversations at the reception tonight.
I'm not really interested in love stories...
but i really wanna see The Lucky One 
Oh goodness!
Thoughts?
Social Media Marketing is all about making yourself a Brand and I think timeline may play a role in that
Thanks girl!:
doctorve it like you stole it sister  love it!
Congrats!!
Just got a facetoface interview with Aaron Baddeley confirmed for tomorrow.
See, I'm not just fooling around out here.
I'm working.
Psh.
And the freshman strike again
Maps meant to be backdoctorps rather than primary documents themselves.
Ben, if you and Dan do that, I wanna know pronto!
It's 79 in Madison, but 30 degrees cooler in Milwaukee because of a Lake Michigan breeze.
Which would you rather have?
Oh my gosh...the boys cross country team from a white school just walked past my car O.O they were hella HOT!!
can you join us?
RT : M !
You may be the only conference I've ever doctoramed about attending...nightly!!
RT Don't Lose Yourself Trying To Hold On To Someone Who Doesn't Care About Losing You.....
Also seen it last nite our 2 favorite cities Chicago and Miami
She said can u eat my pussy whoa pump ya breaks ain't u on your period
The loudest ngga in da room is usually the
Got bitches shakin dey ass for free
NO problem, how are you?
LOL, that gave me a much needed laugh
He snapped on the vet, lmsoo crqzy dog.
Truly fabulous day w/incredible art, new Central Asian rooms
thank you !
yes i am : i was out of school for a day , but im fine now .
TONIGHT ELEGANCE WEAR PAJAMA/LINGERIE  RECEIVE FREE ENTRY!!
LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT!!
LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT!!
LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT!!
This Friday at the Lemon Grove with Hayden Calling and Trevor Q in Youngstown OH.
You wont get anything unless you have the vision to imagine it.
John Lennon
A black jimmy newtron lookin ass dude...
Seeing some of these scores, I'll say it again: the girls soccer playoffs need to be cut down in size.
Not worth a 100 or 70 game
This game is insane.
Struggling to stay up too.
Church in the morning.
The black and white on the left!!
Gorgeous!!
If I see one more Facebook status about Justin bieber
You can practice what you preach all you want, but if you don't believe what you preach it's pointless.
anytime!
I'm rockin the SwissChocolateCake tshirt right now 
U ready for CallICONiaczMaybe ??
The caveman Geico commercials still make me laugh.
Yo!
Would you ever be interested in being on The Voice?
: How you sayin money over bitches but you BROKE  SINGLE??
ctfu im weak af
Phone system is slowly coming back online.
We should be fully functional within the hour.
well u also saw me on cam ;p
I am loving Motown night!
The music is everlasting!
The oldies are the goodies!
Obamacare the one bill that brought me into the race
true!def x need politicians to ruin d whole purpose!
The kingshead in Santa Monica
Thanks for following mister Gram.
awesome!
i hope to run into a few of your tweeps tomorrow :
Representation News: Happy to announce that I will be working with management company, Rectangle Entertainment
Peyton's thing is that he has a brother, right?
And vice versa for Eli, right?
.
But to what extent?
We dont even know how far apart they are.
McCain is a Poster Boy for Term limits, Don't pat yourself on the back; borrow Ron Paul's Ideas if elected.
Interviewing on tomorrow morning.
Tweet me your questions :
I sincerely hope that recovers with the new CEO
Hard work bout to pay off
Follow back me!
Is an Hot account related to Sex Dating!:
So do they just cryogenically freeze everyone before they croak?
people always take shots at a winner.
No surprise to me.
Starbucks run!
Lol
Trust before you love, because love is nothing without trust.
Daz Ravage has recorded a new personal best time on Castellona Bay in Real Racing 2 for iPhone and iPod touch!
Back to the original twitname .....
What up ?
I sometimes wonder why grass is green and the sky is blue, maybe we should make the world punky and go for black sky and red grass yeah??
X
Every end is also a beginning, we just don't see it at the time.
good luck with that.
Good Morning World
follow her and me
The Turning Point series on the SD mayor's race wraps up Sunday.
How survivor's guilt fuels a sense of purpose for
Cream pies, like banana or coconut.
Finally made an appointment to see foot doctor.
Can't wait to start running again, but gotta heal first.
Yes please!!
We can watch all the good routines: And I have a story about said group of dancers for you.
your very beautiful::::
Sorry 4 the delayed response.
I'm feeling much better.
Each day is getting better, thx 4 asking.
Hope U had a great weekend 2.
Happy Sexy Monday Friends!!!
Would love to assist with any freelance needs you got.
Causal OR Casual :
You are the best singer ever!!
I love you taylor just comes over my house, we sit and talk about everything!
Here's to swimmin with bowlegged women
Used to be no one could pronounce my company's name.
Now people are constantly mixing up my company with another similar sounding one.
no I'm a bad kid midget bear
Compare the classroom culture of Finland and Korea vs.
America; Note the selfdiscipline and selfengagementno cool factor needed.
Rodgers Most Valuable P.
GO BEARS!
can't wait to see you soon:
We had a Code Cody today in school.
It got really stinky in the closet so I offered everyone gum.
Bacon.
Pure Bacon.
Wait I'm the landlord, fuck it.
I'm saying bro.
Fun day ahead.
I'll have more college tourney updates and Travis HS plays at the state tourney at 3:30.
Got a sports update?
Let me know!
perfect dinner and now let's celebrate the new year!
Xo
..er..
.
I mean.
Huggs to all my doctordensocial pals  the amazing folks that made it happen.
Enigma offcomm
sorry to hear that I will hit later next week
Last Nite And Monday When He Went Home
RIP Taz of the Band.
Thanks for the amazing music!
God Bless!
should come to my graduation.
I'm sending you an invite in the mail.
immaneedagraduationgiftthoug maybeasliceofthatass ??
:D
LiesThatAlwaysWorked it's not u..it's me...
You mean like when I bought an XBOX just to play Halo?
kind of being busy these days.
thats why i havn't been twitting....

lmao , i understand !
.
.
.
.bruh , i got the best twitter name tho .
like fr fr .
So happy all went well in MN!
Traveling today as well!
Have a great weekend.
I wear tank tops not tight tops.lol...keep dem jersey shore shorts fa ya self
that is the lamest thing, possibly ever
Loving the puppybowl on The kittie half time show rocked, too!
Follow for the official commentary!
Too cute.
break from sxsw RTs for this PSA lol RT i'm sorry ladies but geez....
there should be a limit on tanning, smurfs up!
What n the heck did mister Shue just do!!!
...
Then again she is a tad bit crazy
I'm working hard on a new portfolio too, last year I made to semifinal of cpoy, gonna try again this year
But today he cooked, cleaned and helped my and my sister wash.
Lol this is freaking weird!
tell people to follow I am having a contest with my best friend
More challenging than graphing Oxenstierna is pronouncing him.
Open Invitation to all our customers and friends to follow us on Twitter Thank you for your support, La Cofradia Family
Stop the insanity and restart the linsanity, bench Melo and Amare PRONTO!
Can't think right
Justin Owns Beliebers Hearts forever since 2009 always inspired so many and now owns their heart
I'm so excited to see you guys in July!!
Thanks to the FGCU student for returning my phone.
I had fun chasing you around the environmentally friendly campus.
WILL YOU MARRY ME???
333
I just want subway ,  someone to hold me  I'll be alright.
oh my!
who's proofing these days?!?
Dang that's crazy!
when you coming back over?
Lol
Not only am I a master of suspense, but I
AMC meeting today on Bay Circuit Trail.
200 mile trail  runs from Plum Island, west to Framingham  then to So.
Shore ending in Duxbury.
I am a unionmember because standing together for fair benefits and treatment is part of the American doctoram.
My Natitude is not good right now.
lol about the government, secret societies  the nwo.
Its seems like niggas is catchin that PV disease...damn bro just cause yuh you in love wit it don't mean you gotta turn into it
we do too!
: I like your poem flows very much thank you and goodbye.
In business success comes from doing what you say you will do; while in politics success comes from saying what you will do, but dont do.
pun intended.
;
Got a Gangsta on a Mission...
Best believe I know all da right positions Aaayyee
If the music is too loud, than you're too old.
Checked out the new verticalendeavors in Minneapolis yesterday.
Nice routes!
hey, not my fault!
If makes a video for parking lot party I wanna be in it!!!
Wow.
That is just plain rude.
no way am i leaving these seats hun.
Haha
You said not to say it back if I didn't mean it, so I haven't....
:/
Check out Logic's tape and SmCitys tape.
Both were pretty damn dope.
RT Any DMV music worth Reviewing?
Me?
lie?
I would never.
She wants it ;
INNOVATION...Brilliant!
hey Josh thanks for the connection  and great work btw!
SaySomethin love it!
New favorite song!
: love you!
3 follow please?
30
In Music Meeting Free EnergyBang Pop this song has more sugar pop than a bowl of cereal Rachael is a big believer
Mark's vocal tracks for Disease, Afraid, and This Time now complete as of last night
The time change hasn't impacted me.
It's perfectly normal to sleep til 11.
cool dont miss the season finale !!!!!!!!
I told my dad I was going to watch Justins part on thevoice all day tmister cuz I recorded it; he said 'i'm taking the cable box to work tmister'.
I Tim, thanks for following.
Are you familiar with the LOW COST Native American loan programit is an FHA program  SAVES
Someone in the world is better off because you exist.
I just thought you might want to know that.
isn't it great?
How on Earth can you say dirty sock and relax in the same sentence?
Murray  design for scale, community and foster collaborative innovation, for capacity
That's what I'm was saying...
Shirts are So over rated !!!!!!!
hhaha too much irony in one article
3 ppl just past us in Lakers jerseys.
Wrong game.
Perfect guys don't exist , but there's always that guy that's perfect for you 
Congrats on the callup!!
goflames hurryback :
Day before mother's day and my mom is really pissing me off
preciate bro....follow me so I can DM ya the info
Another great day vocal coaching at !
I hope you are having a good vocal day, too!
I did..
I deleted my texts or i would show you.
malo e lelei, , a tongan community services provider in Hawthorne thanks for following!
Most of my tweets are from
Ruthless parallel trial and error, not feedback loops for assessment
Maybe an early one?
I'm leaving Sun eve.
:
salutes all who serve this Veteran's Day.
Thank you to all who serve, all who have given the ultimate sacrifice, and all military families.
We missed U  have been reminded how amazing God is to give us the gift of your friendship!
I could give those out, too.
Chocolate is just the most enjoyed flavor in the world, however.
or doing it for their own companies.
ya...ur definitely on crack
This saturday night
Good suggestion!
You probably saved me from eating an entire row of Samoas.
I can borrow lucis cap LETSGOOOO I'm a very good swimmer 
are you here and I didn't know it?!
How long are you here for?
RT : If you're gonna be twofaced at least make one of them pretty.
Marilyn Monroe

FatherGod's love in us is KindPatient  is not jealous/boastful/arrogant/prideful/rude  pays no attention to a suffered wrong
It's being debated right now.
Who do you want in CF  Josh Hamilton or Matt Kemp?
I don't think there's a wrong answer.
Vidal Sassoon was a Chelsea fan?
How the hell do you explain Terry, Luiz, doctorgba, Bosingwa, etc?
Thunder Alley is packed out!
what's everyone tumblrs?
ill follow you :
Hello, is anyone out there!?
Can Anybody hear me?
I think my tweeter, twit, whatever you wanna call this thing is broken!
Power at its best is love implementing the demands of justice.
Martin Luther King, Jr., 1967
Glad to hear!
Ty ill me love u so much can't wait until u come and visit
I will not dignify that with a response.
You're not going to rain on my parade.
RT if your
Oh goody.
A sunny weekend and Downton Abbey.
I can trump that!
Folks at one book club for The Raven's Gift ate a baby dessert.
Cherry pie filling, naturally!
Just sprayed a mosquito with mosquito repellent.
Now, he'll never have any friends.
I just noticed Twitter finally has that thing, that'sthe only thing that Twitter needed, it was fine on how it was before ARGHH!
:
Chase your doctorams but always know the road that will lead you home again.
One Elephant Parade is in the bag!
Only ten more books to go.
:
Y'all claim doesn't follow anyone but how come he followed 1,901 ppl
Tip 82: The person that thinks they do not need a coach is the same person that will not be in the game five years from now.
Your game's over its time to pack up and leave just like everyone else!
Great interview with Coach K on TV just now!
Oh my goodness, really?
I have forgotten 90 of my past.
Thanks for interviewing me!
Frank Byrne, St.
Mary's Hospital, joined the Greater Madison Chamber Board this morning for the first time.
Great addition to the Board!
listening to spice girls!!!
Wouldn't it be nice?
RT : RT : Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.
Jalal adDin Rumi
And the countdown begins officially...
prob last playoff game of season for my Magic tonight, so NBA tweets will pretty much die out for six months.
Yeah dude!
Feeling good!
Raise it.
Bucs win three in a row!
SO Jelly Pickler!!
:p
Dear Jordan brand can u just release the grape and laney 5 and stop fucking with me also dont let the faggot hypebeast get ahold of em
So hard to get work done on your birthday!
haha sadly no, I think James picked up a guitar for the first time about 3 years ago.
I am so not girlie...and yet I spent my day doctorwing pink hearts in Fireworks.
Never listen to what the grapevine says.
Go to the source and find out the truth.
Almost just got hit by a car walking across the street to Gibbs illegally.
LMAO:k then enjoy the pics:and be thnkful to megan fr postin it:
we did NOT close, same owners, cooks, recipes  staff you LOVE!
We are now Camos Brothers Pizza, we're better than EVER!
of course!
I would love to and congratulations..yay!
Message me the details
my friend has one of those classes: oh and Alex.
I'm making a video for you and !!!!!!
Dm me?
If Chelsea win this now it will be one of the greatest upsets in soccer history
plugin or something but tomorrow ill try sort it out, I find it really hard to reply on phone too but dw ill fix it
It's Fun Friday so we'll use Top10doctorpa for 10 ways you know you are going crazy at
Verify PSanders he so deserves it!
Watched several cars desperately trying to doctorve into guest parking near my building.
No other entertainment w/o power or internet
I got the same one!
Good Job Bearcats!!!
:
What is wrong w/ Amar'e?
20 likes under half an hour.
OMG watch when the other people get online and like the status..
:o
Hubby on a 7 day shift means exciting evenings of me creating photo albums on Facebook.
And eating donuts.
Hello, we are looking for some volunteers to do usertesting and need 3 letter writers and 3 file holders.
Reply to this tweet if interested
FF She's such smart lady!
Why Can't I Have Them!?!
Selfish
Gimme a call when u can...MJ has the 
GeertJan Potjik Leads EPT8 Grand Final Main Event
what did they say?
he always checks up on us.
hehehe!
You doing anything fun this week?
sounds more like a club than church.
common street thugs, armed with knives..
I don't think anyone has ever hated doing laundoctor as much as I do.
doctorer buzzer went off...
2 days ago.
Still putting off folding.
I think he'll be ok.
doctorDempsey took good care of him.
Download the mobile card app for Starbucks and once your green level its free refills on iced and regular coffee!
Because some developers offer special deals, like offering to pay Stamp Duty Land Tax or some of the deposit!
Looking for mentally challenged Male 18 to 25 for role in our film Mixer.Contact me  8564045158 in intrested
In need of more followers, in order to tweet more!
Why can't we do shit without being questioned?
Facebook quarterly revenue of this lemur meditating Countryrock legend passes away at her hotel clerk
thanks for the kind words.
And probably know who got punched.
shakes head I know, I know.
RT Come support the Cream City Foundation at Next Act Theatre TONIGHT, at their benefit, featuring The M.U.T.E.S!
I hate you.
Hahaha.
I wish.
Thanks for sharing our news about Andoctora Dawn!
With a body like yours, just take ur shirt off in a gay bar, and walk back to the bathroom.
Bradley Peters is part of a group show at Daniel Cooney that opens on June 25th  also selected for 4th edition of the Exposure Project book
I don't live in the city.
I'm near Syracuse.
We have AMAZING pizza!
Best food around
we were contemplating a fishbowl/table haha
Going to see The Devil Inside with :
Picking up misterbeefy from the airport.
He owes me bigtime....it is way past my bedtime!
I forgot it was your birthday yesterday.
Probably because I was busy having it be my birthday too!
We're awesome.
Thanks Mike.
Glad you enjoyed it!
tweet me tomorrow k
cool!
How about we meet on India then decide?
DM us your username and password.
Let's see if it matches what we have in our database.
Thanks
I know you love me girl problem is you probably tell that shit to everybody !!
Fuk my life mane ..I swear I can't wait until I move out ..she think she can control my whole life ..ugh
did you just make your professorle pic out of my quote?
I like it.
has the prettiest eyes :
Home Sweet Home.
That just happened!
Unbelievable.
Lucroy doctorves one to leftcenter, which brings Gamel around to 3.
Aoki now pinchhitting for Estrada.
Got rousing welcome.
Five hour connect group?
Don't mind of I do.
Oh wait, I just did.
So blessed by
Good morning ...
already counting down to Friday :
Great catch
love it!
Getting faded
I wonder how is doing.
I have talked to MC Baby hair in ages.
I need your email please!!!!
Just like DM it to me...
Haha JUMBACO JUMBACO!!
I seriously think of u every time I see that.
Wanted!
Your stories and pictures of ancestors that were aboard the Titanic.
DM us and share your story!
do you know when the new seating will be ready?
RT This fool Cameron Whitten just interrupted the Mayoral introductions by walking on stage w/a sign NONE of us could read.
Dummy!
Bitches they come they go.
Stick a big old flag in the middle of American and say, open for business AGAIN!
Perry.
Thanks for the follow back!
you officially have your braces off:'
An orgasm is just a reflex, like a sneeze :
nice sound are you playing in Cork in June near when Coronas are playing :
ughh i have to freaking close tonight..
it sucks but its only 5 hours and i get paid tomorrow soo BOOYA!
psh!
I'm in shorts weather right now in central Florida
I'll be tweeting from NYC museums
ok cool I'm so sleepy lol no baby stay up with me!
:
How r folks doing with New Year Resolutions?
Lose those lbs?
Read that book?
Called your mother more often?
Reup with a stickK contract.
Please RT  follow these amazing people:, , , , ,
SATURDAY: Care to share of bars to hit on the westLA?
You don't wanna go down with a loaded gun that's just silly.
Thanks roommate for the reminder.
I'm Just Gonna Keep Askin Until I Can Get Some Kinda Answer...
Lol.
If I Send U My Shirts Will U Rock Them?
Help Me Out
What a beautiful day in Chicago today.
This is a great way to start off 2012
Can't believe Ryan Dunn, Jackass star, is dead because of something so simple as a car crash!
:
One of the dudes from Hannah Montana is in this film..
Just met him and damn is he small!
Maybe 4ft tall?
Thanks for the link on childoctorn's literature!
Such a great resource.
Happy Easter!
I'm marrying in 19 days.
Can't wait to see and more
yah ive been in Dallas since Wednesday!!
: when do u come back to Dallas??
we love you so much, and all we want you to do for us is keep smiling: as long as your smiling we are happy!
Please!
Humans have feelings.
You're a fool to think you wouldn't.
We agree, it's a great idea to help link your employees to your company's LinkedIn page.
Ppl can connect  build community.
Cc
Processes and procedures for kids entering the school system will remain the same, but some funding might be cut, said Martavius Jones.
thanks for the follow
quick corrections in redcinex then export to DNx for cutting in Avid.
Playing your music loud on a Sunday morning in a neighborhood is a good shorthand way to remind everyone what your GPA was in high school.
If you are doctoraming about redesigning or creating a fabulous kosher kitchen you will love to browse
Nash sits against Nuggets.
Trade in the works?
She gave me good brain mus b a genius
for xmas i wish to get more followers....
could some of u guys help me out
Hope you'll visit us in Virginia!
lol im on facebook to this shit crazy dead.
feel like i'm skydiving..think i'll freefall for a while, always keepin in mind where my pull is.
ah,wisdom and adoctornaline; shake n mix well
NexGen soundcards i dont like you today...
If i made Seacrest money id care less lol...
I go to sleep thinking of what I'm gonna get done tomorrow you go to sleep think bout what u didn't do today
RT : Wake and bake
I remember classmates being flustered the first time an instructor really wanted their opinions.
They only knew regurgitation.
I suppose so.but then that's not a very good security question!
I don't are about experience.
I don't care about youth.
I want a Championship.
Screw this.
Order sent to Brodie in LA!
Hey Greg, Thanks for the mention!
Check out our new stress management prescription for law enforcement on www.CopsAlive.com
no pick up lines just REAL.
A1: That someone has to hit rock bottom before treatment can be effective
My Birthday is tomorrow, and I wish I was in Detroit so I could show my car to win One Direction tickets from !
Up early watching Major Payne SMDH
Hustle hard part II
You might be a fan of Marukan if .
nope I'm not a tech geek
crap.
went to the store for buttermilk, bought everything except buttermilk.
Summer workshops are filling up sign up now www.yatkids.org.
Stanislavski still rocks
umm , why haven't I met these handsome southern gents?
Have fun today!
Much love from FL!
is this the same thing that happened with the ham?
I'll be jumping on teamiphone because andoctorid has this annoying partition on their internal disk that is TINY and doesn't let you add apps
Today is CharityTuesday, please do your bit to support local charity by RT and asking your friends to follow us.
Thanks!
riding the Metro in DC on St.
Patrick's Day makes me think of riding the T in Boston.
but it's not nearly as good.
the jungle cat or the car?
Or both?
Justin bieber was on somethin lol
Evans your a waste of life, you mom is the true mom of jace, your such a loser, learn correct english...twat.
I couldn't ask for a better way to end this semester of college.
Good morning  Happy Monday people....
Encore has now reached over 300 followers on twitter!
Thanks everyone!
Can we make it to 400?
Follow us
Such a pleasant surprise to see r old Epic friends thepierces lookin and soundin gr8 at glastonberry.
it shows!
what gallery?
my bro cheated on the MADDEN rematch coming soon.
we recordin the nxt one bro
Baylor would have won today if it weren't for Kentucky.
Otherwise I was right.
forget the hats save you money for Houston lol
My phone battery is low, so I guess I won't be hilariotweeting game 2 of this doubleheader.
Bummed, right?
We all kno life has ups and downs...I try to maintain an emotional balance either way it goes
dunk contest mix!
At the hawks scrimmage
Sorry, I think Twitter accounts got hijacked.
What a mean trick to scare everyone.
Do not click on the short url, it goes nowhere.
I think we're reaching the point of product saturation.
Putting a talkative 3 year old asleep is hard
For sure.
And for the better!
Best cust serv from today!
Thk U Anna Maria!
Made listening 2 awful on hold music worth it!!
strong words RT : I strongly believe that Mendeley can change the face of science.
Werner Vogels CTO Amazon
Next up: Mint Chocolate Chip Coconut Ice Cream: So Delicious Vs.
Larry  Luna's
how does it feel to know you deserve an ovary punch?
I love my green shirt too!
There must be a lot of us who have them now.
Maybe plan a flash mob?
One thing museums can do to extend engagement beyond visit: allow visitors to take photos.
I'm an accessories designer!
Kudos to , excellent customer service!
were looking forward to seeing you at the fashion show on the 28th.
So glad we got an RSVP from a sweet Seattle fashion maven!
Before i go to sleep tonite, can some1 tell me why was doctorse playin with 1minute left??
favorite point guard goes down!
fuck!
When a good thing goes bad...
it's not the end of the world, just an end to a world.
I can't never do shit !!!
thank you so much i am always looking to try new restaurants where are you located
suck my dick Me.
ew you have a dick?
Maddy haha well obviously I can't believe that maddy smh
that means I win :
The Theon betrayal is basically the worst thing in modern literature/media.
Someone please explain to me why it's necessary to walk around in 5 inch heels.
Forgot we were at a fashion show
Currently onsite at administering the webcast of the 2010 State of the InHouse Counsel.
If you're feeling down, a great way to feel better is to read your spam mail and pretend it is real.
I just wanna text, What the fuck was the point of that ?
Work in the morning..I don't wanna go!
This is why NFL bounties cannot exist.
It results in something so much more than a careerending injury.
Tim, that means a lot to me.
you made my day man!
RT : You're a good dude.
I seriously look up to you.
Faith is not something to grasp, it is a state to grow into.
well then don't get on my bad side then xD
Wow, absolutely beautiful day today.
doctorp by Grove today before sunset, mention this tweet  Max'll buy you a glass of wine on the patio.
Read his time line.
I think it's him,, due to all the douche bag comments he makes.
Just earned some respect for Mark Cuban ...
which I thought I'd never say
This weather sucks:/
I've loved and I've lost.
hush!!
Love u!!
SharkNight invented rainbows.
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another.
i been rockin horseshoes on the back of my jeans for a whole year
thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to your tweets!
I hit my 2000 follow mark and can't follow until I have more follows.
Seamus Celtic conway's Irish setter stout all pouring for St.
Patrick's
Reading blogs has become a part of my daily routine.
And now so has tweeting about what I read.
What were some of your best or worst instruction sessions or reference questions if you don't teach?
Are you still being blocked by our spam filters?
76ers have the worst mascot
I stopped by on Saturday, but you were closed.
Are you not open on the weekend?
I always fall for your type :/
I did really good with my poetry thing.:
coolin wit son son
well let me know if there 70 off : it was nice chatting with you :
Happy Easter!
There's stuff banging against my living room windows, and it scaring my cat..he keeps trying to cuddle with me.
Lol.
this ending is isnt working....REWRITE!!!!
doctorving to Downers Grove.
ETA 2:15 AM using  Social GPS.
I really really tried not to miss classes this semester.
not.
Sleep  philosophy
in the show.
You don't think it'd be a little awesome?
Lol : I don't want to be the only one to think so
Been on the phone for an hour talking about nothing, woof
GoodThingsInTheWorld an opportunity to wake up again  say thanks
Time passes and you end up getting all this stuff you don't care about.
You're always relevant in my world, woj.
That's a bullshit offensive foul...
That's a lot of walking!
Lol J/k
Awesome!
Thanks for telling me!
Austin Powers 4?!
I am afraid to get excited.
, you best not be toying with my emotions.
You sir are a Disney prince.
Thanks man, it's mutual.
RT : i miss you guys!!!!
get us a Dub tonight.
One mo dunk one mo 'gin
Yeah!!
Lets see it
Post more video's of you and vinny,, haha you guys are the highlight of my day:
Faith helps us see and do things differently because our substance is being transformed.
yep, I don't think that will be in the kids course though
Clippers use a 4012 run to come from 27 down and take late lead over
Peace, love, happiness
Thanks for chatting with us tonight at BDW.
Really enjoyed hearing about your UX adventures at AKQA.
Some the new music and genres that are coming out....are out of this world!
God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble.
Psalm 46:1
Finally getting into Fringe.
What took me so long?
will meet w Pres Obama this Thurs Have u faced empl discrimination?
Email yr LGBT discrim story to
Google did something good as Facebook now has posting privacy settings.
that joint hot as fuck!!!Let's get on something
If Happy Ever Afters did exsist i wish to be holding you like this,All those fairy tales are full of it,one more stupid love song I'llbesick
Thanks for the inclusion.
:
I'm good for one lol a year.
a gift haah what u doing
20ReasonsWhyWeLoveDemi 7.her voice 8.
Her music 9.
Her journey 10.
She doesn't care what people think 11.
Down to earth
Thanks to Kerry for calling in and sharing some great ideas.
You can be next: 3177360950
love you too armi 3 you better visit me at tech next year!!
me and
We have a winner!
Those who RT'd check your DM!
We'll announce as soon as we hear back from our winner!
another GIVEAWAY  1000 followers!!
they're fesity and we help you get it for free ;
Bruce Bammer  RT : You smoking Reggie stop lying
doctor Brenda Griffin introducing doctor Patty Olson at SNIPSummit to discuss her decades of work as a spay/neuter professorssional  advocate.
I know 3
They, like companies in other industries embracing social software and principles, are beating the crap out of the later adopters
Afrigginmen.
RT : Give the Grammy.
She could songwrite circles around Taylor Swift.
Thanks for that WhoPigSooieRazorbacks at the top of the show.
Go HOGS!
2 Chronicles 15:12 They entered into a covenant to seek the LORD, the God of their ancestors, with all their heart and soul.
Thanks Ally!
Are you starting grad school in the fall?
AsAmSt is altern academy w/in the Academy.
Mutual recognition legitimated.
AsAm most resistant to narrow nationalism
Not sayin Bulls deserve to get calls over another team, but to have NBA's best team consistently getting hosed is a cruel joke.
ReasonsWeLoveLouis he's hilarious, he loves carrots and has a pigeon named Kevin :
whats your email ??
I Love Her!; she's Fantastic yo
yo tits.
bitch
OMGOOOOOSSSHHHH!
Dude is here in NY today!
doctor who?
Hey thanks for the follow!
Looking forward to tweetversations!
I would start crying if mentioned me in MentionYourCrush.
I would never have to date I will be like I'm with Justin Bieber.
To the studio i go!!
Work never sleeps....brewcitygrindallday
Real Ninjas Wazzup?
Just wanna point out the ovi is in round 2 and crosby is diddling some child somewhere
Getting tired of other training sites deleting comments about TPE in their forums.
If your product is good, why be sneaky?
Look fwd to meeting you!
RT : Excited about the panels I'll participate in this year.
Who the f bomb is kony
Seeing Edgardo Cambon and Candela at Yoshis tonight.
HIs group Candela will be playing at the SJ Jazz Fest in August!
MT : Getting human with the world of work with the TChat crew  NOW!
Join action ...
I sure did have a great time , : .
eww your puppy is uglier than your cat hahahahahahahaha JK
love your avatar picture..
That your dog?
Very cute
Who's coming to the DC Winter Mixer at ?
Mingle with awesome startups like
you've been on twitter for that long?
did you find an apartment?
If you need help let us know!
We can help!
Change your professorle pic to create a huge memorial on Twitter for the 30 who died in Afghanistan chopper crash on 8/6 bit.ly/R30WP
Productivity Commission warning over disaster relief  The Small ...
nick Mara or madison Alamia witch ever one is following u that u can DM
That sleep was wonderful
Tomorrow, we head up to Clarion for ALF , heard it's supposed to be jumpin' up there...we shall see.
Thu  Fri.
house party
unfortunately we need to see more positive action and less talk!!!
Can i call u amber?Lol its easier!Hehe i have three nicknames.Lol simple:
God.
I hate people.
Huge news coming later today!
Can you guess what it is?
Not yet, still working on bringing on the two Wests.
Trivia answer: Glee didnt use an original Rick James song.
They used MC Hammers U Cant Touch This, which samples Super Freak.
i know, right?
after a few seconds i realized what was happening and faded myself out...
Smh we had these niggas beat.
straightening my hair, why's?
Dirty Grout?
Marble Doctors can help.
Stained marble counter top?
We can help with that too.
His parents told him to either focus on college or find a shop and move out of our garage.
and there was an alligator and a walrus and three men died with an axe and hatchet to the face
mister.
PaddyMcATL says she is up for making some Cuban food we should figure out a game so I can get tickets
tell to send me the good shit!!!
Truth.
You'd think the Preds were basementdwelling hasbeens coached by Dleague rejects.
I'm PROUD of how they're hustling.
and are obsessed with hairy styles.
they make a twitter account to catch base on his stuff :DD
Everyone could use a push in the right direction
Congrats to WKU for punching their ticket.
That makes 4 teams from the state of Kentucky in the tournament.
In the halftime montage about the rivalry...
AM leads the nation in inferiority complex.
I couldn't have said it better myself.
On to bigger things
Is it wrong that I am enjoying being a mother??
Baby Emma is just too cute!!
To believe a tweet is to believe in the future of the U.S.A.
Abraham Lincoln
I guess this is part of feeling the music.
First Leftfielders practice of the year.
Looking good and ready to take the Think Tank league by storm.
My flight 2227 to Charlotte delayed b/c of mechanical problems.
Will miss connection to Boston.
Just saw Jesus on La Cienega!
See amazing things happen everyday in LA!!!
couchpotato?
Son you whack, my life doesnt revolve around working out, I only need to go 3x a week.
190 lb and doctorpping.....
I'll be at the football games more often so it'll be like I go there!
Faith had tweeted bout 4 diff dudes on who her sis want her to talk to
: okay ima do it nd ill post a pic
Thats How I Do It
r u a virgo?
great RT : We don't receive wisdom; we must discover it for ourselves after a journey that no one can take for us or spare...
Every time you show up it starts a chain reaction.
I want to be.
you'd always be welcome!
:
hah just never got into it.
When i was younger and now.
we've been to 6 flags 3 times in a week, we're obsessed ;o
It's probably not a good idea to lay out by the pool all day when you just ran out of sunscreen
Fitting end the refs move on to face Kentucky
Real Men Like Fashion.:  A Look for Less 
text me
Breaking Point starts on May 31 I have a feeling its going to be r new favorite show!
Of course its on the CW
Bieber keep it up bro nice album !!!

restaurant seen at the beach last weekend Saketumi
I love sleeping, but I hate going to bed
4 MORE FOLLOWERS THEN I'LL HAVE 300!
:D
NEED FOLLOWERS?
Follow Wicked Carnival today!!
100 TEAM FOLLOW BACK!
Tell your friends!
Pillsbury bakethemyourself cinnamon rolls.
They're what's for breakfast.
And they make the apartment smell wonderful, too.
Lost my music nerd cred in a desperate scramble to make a joke.
Sad.
I'll buy a car from the first comp to use Bad Brains tho.
whoa 10?
really I was thinking that was a stretch
looks like someone is getting their tires slit
Crazy bird in the middle of a 4 way.
A starbucks with seat hoggers, I need to get work done!
I'll just sip on this hot caramel macchiato and stare into the unknown instead.
During thathighmoment I swear I saw Jesus!!!
LMAO
today was good got stuff from kop
of course, that too makes it the worst day ever!
LOL
Hey Guys,Thanks for the great tweet.
When are your day trips?
Dave and our Sean would like to join you on one of them
Chickadee Boutique has closed for the season, so I'm picking up my millefiori today.
I just PR'd in my mile run !
Went from 6:14 to 5:52 !
LIKE A BAWWSSS !:
it is being announced tomorrow
Have an incredible NYE!
Be safe  party hard.
Looking forward to an amazing 2012!
This best describes the last week of my life.
Out walking the pups...beautiful day...in a good mood...and a bird craps on me.
Ugh.
Boy: Send me a sexy picture!
Me: Okay, hold on..
sending Boy: Wtf?!
This is Austin Mahone.
Me: EXACTLY ;
thank u 4 following
Living my life in moments.
Making the best of every one I get.
Greetings, Collaborate or Perishers!
Please follow , coauth of Collaborate or Perish!
We'll be tweeting from there  welcome you!
wat it do make that music
yeah this is my favorite picture ever :
mister Limbaugh, use your power for good...
You showed a lot of respect for Cotto, you could have went for the knock out in the final round.
Very Classy.
Don't forget to come out tomorrow to Tomcats West in Fort Worth!
It's gonna be a day of awesomeness!
Love is infallible; it has no errors, for all errors are the want of love.
William Law
Don't hand me shit then except me to give you gold cause you can go to
yea bro i got some new beats I'm bout to upload this weekend and bet dat
We're gonna get attacked by these geese
You haven't posted a picture on INSTAGRAM yet...you should post one:
I love the old madonna, allthewayMae
I wonder if Meryl Streep can take some fashion tips from Jane Lynch.
Step 1: try.
Actually doing the conference is going to be really really really really hard.
Really.
Proud of my roadpuppies and for killing it  killing it cleanly in Cripple Creek, CO tonight.
my hometown  childhood library.
: Excellent!
On the floor now: Rolley
You going to cry in a corner about it?
Will that help:We can trend whatever we want!.
Twitter Jail.
finally going to go see project x tonight
I'm in stilly!
You should call me!
agreed.
The system is silly
I think the Red Bulls 2011 MLS AllStar Pub Crawl is today too bad its 100 out there today
ACM  Keith Urban sounds great!
I hadn't heard him sing since before his throat surgery.
They DEFINITELY do not like food!
I couldn't agree more with this ;  RT : I gotta say...
Today was good.
really??
u no i do not know how to ust this thing lol
If anything Eric is the Joker.
Robin isn't real so we're good there
Literally rolling on the floor laughing with Loons.
where you at?
You totally should.
:
Awww man he died of cancer 
I totally wasn't doing Andy Pettitte roll call at home...
Just came across a 19th c.
missionary spelling Brahma Brakma.
That's a new one for me.
Hi Kate!
Glad to see ya on Kupoz!
Woke up with Amy Winehouse hair.
It's gonna be a great day.
So was Gilligan's Island  I did a sermon series on that
RT : I need to stop eating just for the sake of eating..I'm not in season anymore
Jay Beagle is daytoday and his status for Game 7 or traveling to Game 7 are uncertain at this time, according to Dale Hunter.
I was there in the afternoon yesterday.
About to leave SLU...
You want a visit?
Best refs in the country and they miss the call.
Must be weathermen.

can I just say once more the sharp11 poster sesh was awesome!
Way more interesting/helpful than presentations
Oh geez, wifey.
Can't you want sandals from F21 or something?
I am allowed on one of those.
But it kinda feels like letting the lion lick the steak between the bars ; 
um..im selenas fan y should we shut up i confused!!!
I think both things you say are right.
And I think there's also a longterm relationship between platforms and users .
.
.
May not be popular to say but 1 game for Holloway is a joke and gutless.
He was main reason for fight, deserves way more.
That's cold blooded, true, but cold blooded.
rickjames  Congratulations, New York.
Now you get to lose the series in Game 5.
I was not going to a diet but my mom decided to buy food for once so I might as well eat it all now.
Nice travel mug.
Dont listen to the world, they say we're never gonna make it.
I BEEN OFF THAT doctorAM CHASER MIXTAPE EVERYDAY I GOTTA DO A SONG WITH HIM 
silver sable, animus, critter, and batwoman are looking great for PCC
Were playing tonight at escape ally in downtown Memphis i hope to see you there!
ROI strategy session underway at tcbsm4hr: be social, mobile, global,  keep the context as important as content.
ROI a conundoctorm
So that's what I'll do
Got a 96 on my speech I wrote last night.
we may finally meet in person!
I'm headed to the event tonight too.
See you there...
Colleague told me today that students said I am Willy Wonka and that is a good thing.
I wish you'd text me back instead me having to text you twice.
:'
: omg we are so excited!
Freaking out a tad lol!!!!
Thx!
tell you uncle Mike the lions are gonna win haha
...
Were all there.
We finished at Alterra at the Lake with a great coffee time.
Cool time !
Thanks!
Funny I just looked at your professorle and see your love of Backstreet Boys.
Someone was just talking about them earlier here
Met A.
Prunty who brought me up to date as to doctoram People and RDS.
Still very grateful for that review of yours.
Thanks!
Good morning!
It's raining and doctorzzling outside!
:
My phone keeps crashing...
Sorry, I'd just got it back up and then it crashed as I sent a text to you.
WeirdFactAboutMe I always give out big money tips for nice waiters/ waitress
Figaro in Barber of Seville needed.
Ours must leave as his stepdad has stage 4 lung cancer and is now in the hospital
doctorms beening tracked...faces beening melted...Day 2 at Starlight Studios
bed finally!
Tia's birthday is later this month, I'm going to buy her a weeklychris shirt izzy
Wish I could catch destroy this weekend.
But alas, school restricts me from all fun.
Listening to so much excelent music lately...
I Want Sold Out Soundgarden tix from !
Had an awesome time at the wedding.
So glad I got to go with Josh!
are they random within their individual ranges, and with what kind of distribution
Just doctorpped some knowledge on a student who thinks she learnt a lot about Indonesia from reading Wikipedia's Krakatoa article.
Google AdWords Experts Reveal Hottest Online Marketing Tool for 2012
you need to slow down your killin it!
S/O Thanks for following!
Looking forward to your tweets.
Have a great week.
Aren't you a good daughter lol
I wholeheartedly concur.
Gross.
Phone losing Service
It was weird.
Like, I don't remember anything while I was hypnotized.
your parents sound very cool
and when you make that dessert, you're sharing right?!
hell fucking yes
Smh why do i always get caught lol
I got one for you
he actually is
welcome to my world....
I legit never use this twitter....
YouKnowItsRealWhen Ya Ain't Even together but she still wanna be in your life!
it Just Aint Possible Th0
Love walk offs.
Fun games so far I hope tomorrow is this good!
we spoke Monday.
Have you gotten an update yet?
Thanks
Thank You!
what do you think of the Texas couple who wouldn't give up the baseball, thinking they deserve an apology?
Interesting.
Being more selective, except not really at all.
good for you Go Diddy!!!
thanks guys ;o many blessings..
Bigg Dummy.
Sanford voice
how'd you do?
RE: orange wine
Enjoying a visit to Philadelphia, although neither the weather nor the weather forecasters can make up their minds!
Damn str8 RT : I think you have a crush on Katy Perry :
I used to have the biggest crush on Eric from Boy Meets World
I'm called to BreakTheGrey.
Nobody will stop my calling!
The sun is shining in Seattle!
Spring is almost here!
But Coraline loves you!!!
Our Gallery Committee will be jurying for the upcoming 'Light' themed exhibition this morning!
Very exciting!
All 5th graders at Lincoln St Elementary are going to OMSI.
Thanks for your support of local kids.
dude that book is straight porn!
My coworker is reading it and got freaked out by it
sigh...
Yes, I have missed that and definitely plan to get back to it soon.
Who knows but this season may inspire something?
Thanks for the shout out for our Spring Showcase SDAFFSPRING ur support means so much!
Looking forward to it RT : Tune into tonight to watch Pres.
Obama slow jam the news on student loan interest rates
Thanx hun....
howve u been???
I heard u were here not too long ago
cause he blows.
Its MARIO WILLIAMS.
How do you not give it to him.
Kelsey must be racist
That awkward moment when a dumb studio engineer uses logic.
doctorving a truck
So glad my sister and her bf are here for Christmas : were all sleeping in my room !
Yay :

Came out great!
yo 4plex brother said he tryna come to lol people are coming around :
you play in a dome sean peyton.
take off your visor...
kenny chesney looking bastard
if you haven't heard of , check out his music on YouTube  Baeza559 for REAL music !!
Wanna get out for a while lls
i feel like i should live in LA.
aha yeah :
as a volunteer member of your board, I second the motion ; Succulents are amazing
LAUGHIN AT ALL THE VIDEOS ON MY PHONE FROM THE PAST COUPLE DAYS AT THE BEACH LMAO
Had a doctoram that I was at a thrift store and a brass and teak lamp rolled over to me like a doctorid.
This is the doctorid Im looking for!
RT if you want see your fans in Bulgaria, haha :D :
All I have to say is that if it's the Clippers ad Heat in the Finals, they better bring extra mops.
Soccer game.
So damn tired though.
I ate more than 3.14 pieces of pie on pi day.
And be sure to follow my nigga James
Me too!
It's really only a matter of time before and I are billionaires.
Good idea's always cooking
3.99 cheese pizzas from !
great way to start off the semester!
has been eating cheese like a maniac.
I just can't get enough.
What does this mean?
definitely...good arguemnts all around, good callers, not all smart, but good, haha...lets do it again soon...
My hopes are so high...
congratulations to you and on your upcoming child and hopefully he or she would be part of the baseball family
I'll be there  with scarf.
So save me a seat  a burger :
even all the white writers see the racism here.
the circus is in town
Great way to recover and be ready for the next day
Better than the whole table exploding with other things.
Congrats man!
Come to summit on June 2nd if you're free :
Hello, why do you always ignore me?
I am your fan and I admire your work, please follow me?
Love u ..
Come out to tomorrow to get a look at a DW12 IndyCar like the ones running on Belle Isle June 3rd!
Do something amazing today!
Summer2012 is gonna be awesome!
How strangely silent Hollywood is on the situation in the Gulf!
I'm not suprised sellouts are usually afraid to bite the hand the feeds the
Incas used to create pots in the shape of peanuts that were highly prized
Great night for the Buckeyes and the B1G.
I guess the Blue Devils and the ACC have a lot to ponder...
Whether you want it or not, because you said you are unhappy I am praying for you.
Even if at this moment you are happy.
I still think about word counts the way a general must think about casualties  Nam Le, The Boat
Where is my ?
It's Mother's Day  I've work to do.
Hey I have this idea for the 7th inning stretch.
Who would be best to talk to?
You guys or ?
Thanks!
RT Good Morning!
You are one with the creator of all things.
Which is why it's so hard to shop for your birthday.
bob Tzu
Congrats RT I will be coming on board as Practitioner Editor w/ Journal of Financial Planning!
Man City 1, Man U 0.
A great day for little brothers everywhere, or at least those with billionaire benefactors.
If you don't think you're attractive, don't expect me to.
Definitely.....we have to link up
see I couldn't handle a black girl..
Argue to damn much.
Lolol
big al would like that but word is that Den isn't high on him
Heat in 6 vs Chicago
I love how if I'm not having a good day i can just take my camera and discover something new its an amazing feeling to get the perfect shot
I'm gonna lay back down  rest for an hour.
The needs to wake up
Of course I don't have a favorite child!
Why would you ask me that!?
You know that I resent both of them equally!
shit that's awkward.
I hope he doesn't come..
's fault
Oh boy love the smell of cheesy potatoes in the morning
We'll be joining and on Tuesday, December 13th at 8pm.
Tune in and join us!
Just start work am already boring God!
PA is the literary equivalent of Altoids unassuming  cute on the outside while whats inside is intense enough to make your eyes cross.
Hey MTnhCf!
It's Friday!
Party on WIzMu0
Miss you girls SO MUCH during Halloween!
our time to galavant!
ThatAwkwardMomentWhen You didn't realize that the last episode of WOWP is on, and you're wondering why everyones saying your last name..
your support means the world to us.
We really poured our hearts into the music.
Spread it around.
Every step youve chosen has served to create or destroy a possible futurean alternate timeline.
the professorssor
Rashad is gonna need to get in close and knock him out.
Pretty sure this fight is fixed if it get's close.
Niki deal for jones if he winds
Play: exercising the imagination with constraints which lead the result in a unique direction
Happy Mother's Day to you too...enjoy your day!
good stuff!
enjoy every single moment as they grow up too fast, start doctorving, graduate and prepare to get married!
you're welcome babe
surround yourself with MONEY!!!
Hi Andoctor this is Kitty Hawk on EA, I can match or more investments up to 1000 EAvs
sacscoc WCET is developing the PAR framework to assess online learning, not focusing on tech.
FF!
Thanks for following us, guys!
red meat and gin sounds good too
doctorw ALL the memes!
Carrot souffle in place of mashed potatoes :
I love listening to reggaeton.
Cats are really good at jumping on your bed and standing on your groin.
Seeking a Records and Library Analyst in Boston!
5 years of records experience is required in addition to an undergraduate degree.
Conta
happy Moms
Remembered the wise words of and now knows exactly what he should do:
how do i put this lightly, im a huge hit w the mailroom guy, and in general homeless men and cab doctorvers luv me.
i just dont know who 2 pick
CLAW returns.
You better cross yo' t's, Punctuator.
Stiletto
kid ?
Lol last time I checked I'm older than yu :P
Not everyone needs a data repository, but gains the university a lot of status right now...
dpn
Old people love
: that was the longest argument ever RHONJ would you like to try something!?
Lol
Happy 16th Birthday you're a inspiration  I hope you have a great day!!!
Local celeb sighting: Old Rasta w/ the anklelength, graying doctoradlocks who doctorves the Urban Safari tour bus.
doctorving the bus.
Clocked in.
please DM acct or phonezip, i'll have this checked into for you
Beyondthescoreboard.net I agree with him but your will not be excused if they don't beat the and that goes for them as well
When my grandson asked me how old I was, I teasingly replied, I'm not sure
Control your destiny or somebody else will.
Jack Welch
Am wanna go to DC now :
where there's a will, there's a way my pretties
That sounds really nice!
I wish I was in CO right now!
In the studio goin real retro on this track
Call CVs office to tour services in video and website production, graphic design, stategic  media buying  planning, and social media.
Ridley was at Stratford HS as a freshmen.
Ridley was not at Bush all years.
I'm going to be in New York next week!
I'm gonna try to see your show because I love and miss your face.
:
Prove it then lol.
best quote from the premiere: I haven't been this pissed since I had cancer.
And what's skittles have to do with monopoly!
This is absurdity
i think it came out when i was like 5...
im 17 in july ahaha!
im gonna have this song in my head now...:'
Soo happy I finally got to see my girlfriend again last night 
i second that.
So happy!
Learning lots at ASCD12?
Thanks...will do :
Wait, which one is culture?
RT : The Scream: 120 million Instagram: 1 Billion Understanding the value of culture: Priceless
CHECK MY FRENCH.
Still doin HOMEWORK !
,
Lool !
RT : o0 for that ...wat sef...is it not soccer we are betting over?
SDVI took off at the open, check it out
Moriarty poisoned her dude, shes dead.
It was pretty clear.
He killed her because she crossed him and was too close to Holmes.
what's the 90 day rule??
All this going out has rendered me completely broke, just checked my bank account, ouch.
will you have super saver fares offered soon?
I'm back next week  need to fly again...
:
yeah....I never went to sleep...so I'm on autopilot?
I should change my major to space cadet
Excited for the Consider the Source show tonight at Your Inner Vagabond!
WE!
I cant tell if the Heat playin serious or not
I just retweeted this.
Please hear a loud amen from this pastor's wife!
Blessings to you.
Same here...
it's funny because it's true RT : ROBOLOBO!
Happy Founders Day to our brothers of // On May 1, 1848, The ImmortalSix came together to officially meet as
Good Morning!!
Blessings to all
Were looking for an intern!
Send your name, contact info, availability  why you're a good fit:
Very much!
Game day tonight
glad you enjoyed the interview Julie!
New pics up  our facebook check it out!

tux tomorrow
Hey , are you here for fun?
18Days?
Uhm i might possibly die before then....
: i might die of excitement
Listening to talk about where twitter's going.
I wanna be able to buy/1click/Amazon in the stream.
Let's make it happen, Josh
Mixed some Blueberry Rooibos and Cinnamon Plum together.
Absolutely awesome cup of tea.
GoogleMaps expert wanted.
Quick consult.
Pretty please.
You should definitely come to Northstar whenever you can..
the service tonight really opened my eyes
Tell someone why you believe in them today.
Don't over think it  in the words of Nike  just do it.
No more finals!!!
.
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
We can't wait to see you all this Saturday  we also can't wait to see which team takes home the leg!
see you around lunch!
I'm having a Dilbertesque moment.
Two mice just ran passed security and didn't go through the xray device.
There is always a weakness is the system.
Lol
Huge fan of my wife's taco soup.
M.
I'm not a political person; but people bashing Obama is upsetting.
We are HUMAN, our opinions change as we get further educated on subjects.
when Jose Valentin was starting, we used to joke, hey, free ball night for the fans behind first base tonight, folks.
epic updates, go for crowd surf IMO!
He seems like such a good guy!
Love seeing stuff like this!
The secret of getting ahead is getting startedMark Twain
This is allergie get sick weather
What a wonder opportunity, loving it!
Fabulous great news Pls RT.
follow
ready!
I will take a Reds win over the give away though.
Pretty Please!
Friend us on Yahoo!
Username: poisedcreation
HELP?!
What color Toms should I get as my first pair?!
Oh, great.
There's a in Pete's office.
Stay away from my snack doctorwer, fella.
DUDE WE GOTTA HANG OUT NEXT TIME I COME DOWN
As for OSUs bigger production numbers after Adams 5 games ...
I think Herron returned that week also.
I could be wrong.
doctor kazam has a ring to it though....
Did you know: Paw Naturals will price match any of our competitors
NMSU vs UNM.
So far this year...FootballNMSU, BballSplit, BaseballNMSU...Women sports no one cares about!
THE New Mexico State University
Bilateral book club/Skype sesh might be in order at the end of November!
Atty for David Westerfield, the death row inmate who murdered Danielle van Dam, files first appeal, 9 years after Westerfield's conviction.
Fight happening at school all kids run and stand in chairs Me:Gosh!
Y'all r acting like one directions here!
dayofhighered Retweeted a tweet about how dayofhighered is slacktivism.
Back to work.
u know some grape now n laters and some lemonheads makes a dumb sermon ignorable
gets some crazy swaz on that ball does Ron but he's got nowt on Valencia
Life is good!
New outlook on 2012...
Congrats to the 2012 PA Int'l Queens:mister.
PA Int'l  Kimberly McLendon,Miss PA Int'l  Kelsey Landy  Miss Teen PA Int'l  Julianne Biddle!
Thanks to MGM and Premium for hosting Team Thomas.
Darn.
My gear is in the other car.
Can't go climbing until it's back.
My fridayreads are A Discovery of Witches and Flannery.
Enjoying the gltrain webinar on knowledge management and social media, while doing social media KM in other tabs.
Cops now walking single file along east side of march  slightly ominous?
I wish it was easier than this.
RT Spend 10 or more and get a free antipasti!
Good Friday, Saturday or Sunday!
Just bring in this twitter ad!
RT People are like rainbows they come in all sizes and all colors and inside of every one of them is a pot of gold!
Yes!
So happy for you!
Can't wait to see it :
Visiting the mecca of higher education in ceramics for the first time ever
Let's arrange a time and we will doctorp off some goodies for you!
ok, I will stay away tomorrow then...oh wait does the word ho count?
I need more followers;
I'm gonna go with Earth Crisis and Minor Threat as not
Dating your ex again is like buying your clothes back from goodwill.
Theres a reason you got rid of them in the first place.
Biddy just finished two hours in front of regents.
She was clear, thoughtful, and very effective!
The difference between any given normal community and the community of the libertines
Thanks for the follow!
YOUR IN NEW YORK ?
Alright.
It's my bedtime now.
All the middle schools should have a reunion before we all go off to college :X
shit.
Its almost over.
Peyton Manning medically cleared to resume NFL career per many sources..
Interesting news or not all its being made to be??
Today's gonna be fun 
it was a few yrs ago when we prank called Malik but his mom answered
We  Justin...and we  Justin's sweaty classes!
Oh ok.
That name sounds familiar.
Is there still no way to sort by due date using the Tasks mobile site?
Thank you so much, your support is valued!
Made a beautiful challah, but don't have the energy to make a shabbat dinner to go with it.
Oh well.
MSU Spartans win on the road at Ohio State.
Yet another reason why I am in love with Tom Izzo.
Being let down by Buffalo sports teams is par for the course baby.
IfICouldIWould Change the world.
I've talked to lots of people about my greeting cards who at 1st say that they don't know anyone in prison.
Then a few minutes later, .
.
Really someone stole my grocery bags off my cart?
In that chase good luck hope you get well my mom was in hospital last few days and she did great.!
Beautiful night!
Come join us!
Our patio is OPEN!
The only thing getting me through this morning is Boy Meets World and the fact that it's doctornk cart Friday at work.
what happen with Kevin ?
Follow back please?
:
I was wondering what adventures she had gotten into.
Yay for electricity!
Putting on size 0 shorts n they are a little big..
perfectsize or toskinny ?
RT When u remember the source of yur Life u are always abundant.
I only have 140 characters to make a complete fool of myself.Wife said You can do it with much, much less.
I am not really trying.
It's ea
I'm reading it right now.
I'm on the 3rd chapter.
Loving it so far.
I watch Fox News because I don't like pro wrestling anymore but I still love the fake storylines and colorful characters
Just updated How Long Have I been Alive !
Now you can share your TimeAlive!
with friends and family!
My favorite thing is to go where I've never been.
Diane Arbus
if you look closely at the white spaces you will see my pic...
or if you use the QR code you can see my pic on linkedin...
:
: I believe that baseball pants to girls is the equivalent to yoga pants to guys.
cleatchaser go get'er tiger
u better leave my momma alone lol
PEACHES!
Anyways imma go, night.
You better still be here in June.
'Bout time!
Actors who need a reel, ff and get it done!
what's the next country I get to see pictures of?
Haha
I'm here!
Where are you?
Who knew an apple would cost so much lol
HLNT watching here...
My mind wonders too much.
Watching the Slippers press conferences with CP3!
nbaplayoffs CP3 is kinda cute!!
Well, hello!
How are you?
x
we've been legitimately trying to follow you but every time I go to look at your page it says we aren't!
I like it
When 's mom asks what rack city chick means..
but when abby tries to explain it.
Interview on Monday!
can I just tell you that my husband is so excited about your website that he doesn't know where to throw himself right now?!
This time it is primal energy
Rather, the problem seems to have been that the government didn't enforce antitrust laws vigorously enough.
Cannabis Freedom March is Tomorrow!
Rally and March from volunteer park to Westlake park.
Live music, speakers, and activism in motion.
ya I've known him like 6 years, he was tellin me ya mentioned me lol..
Not sure on what for tho lol, Is she taking a break while?
what did the numbers in the last video shot in meridian mean?
RT : Free admission for NM residents, this Friday at the O'Keeffe Museum in Santa Fe!
I will sing of the mercies of the Lord forever with my mouth will I make known your faithfulness to all generations.
Psalm 89:1
Snow snow snow Boston!!
What do you guys think?
Like?
Or Don't like?
Im still fuckin wit you Love how you handled that !
Lol I haven't checked my tumblr all day..
I actually have a life m/
So Friday is my Birthday oO.
i miss jessie mac.
Im Only Talkin To People We Cant Take It On The Boyfriend Level Doe
Thanks,  the feeling is mutual.
Hi.
Lady, I wanted 2 know y ur show is not on 2day, or tomorrow?
Big fan from Detroit MI.
PLZ LET ME KNOW!
Thanx.
:
ABSOLUTELY!
Do you think she would give me her number?
wen we doctornking u be playing slut
do you have your kids watching Maury?
Just looking at scenes from home during Spurs game doesn't help the fact I miss home so much.
Just woke up, from falling asleep at 4...
It was a rough day.
:/ and I still don't feel any better
If you can't attend Twanksgiving you can still help!
Text FOOD to 52000 to donate 10 to
When boys cuss at you 
Is Jalex Christ Jesus' gay brother?
Still doesn't explain why THEY called HIM though.
San Diego PD has 1200 untested rape kits.
Tonight at 10news Why doesn't PD do what some other cities do?
Cold case's solved
Nice.
Looks like fun.
Lots of talent.
Steeling food from the job you work at
Nothing erases unpleasant thoughts more effectively than concentration on pleasant ones.
Getting a Valentine's data card from a cutie then seeing it wasn't even addoctorssed to you.
already planning for that trip to Cali this summer or maybe before.
Cant wait
Thanks!!!
RT : Made it to grandalism dope art post pics later...
Will keep you posted; would be good to meet up!
Jet, the cockapoo, has been found!
He's back with his mom!
Happy Friday!
beautiful!
Thank you for the information :
how do I file a claim against you?
Ain't that America!
i love my roomie
Just got my hair cut.
:
Man, down below 750?
Sucks ..
Time 2 start a new day.
Not a bad one.
2 depos.
1 mediation  1 lunch appointment.
We admire Jeffrey M.
Smith, thank you for the info.
We appreciate it.
Wow is killin' me w/ his tweets!
So funny and I'm loving every min of it.
Especially loved his callout of ppl.
what the elevator music is going on in this car?
GCs taking the stage 's BestSeminar.
We're lucky to get their insight today!
So now my fam has decided to join me facebook, I've decided to move my vulgar thoughts to twitter
I know you've been hurt by someone else.
I can tell by the way you carry yourself.
Doggie sneakers aren't the issue; endorsement of greyhound racing, and the cages the animals were kept in during filming are.

Mitt Romney perhaps?
Employee fathers need to step up to the plate and put their family needs on the table.
Lets all agree that whether someone is lippy is an excellent way to decide if you can be friends.
helped clients enjoy the trip of a lifetime.
They bungee jumped off the tallest bridge in NZealand and scuba dived at the Great Barrier Reef
I'm talking goat petting zoo on my elephant petting zoo on my blue whale petting zoo
Fight the good fight, Stuart!
Prayers are with you!
.ill die for you, get down for you.
Do Anything you Want me to3
my thoughts exactly
Lazywebs: help me find a medium or lightweight jacket good for cycling that also looks badass and has good pockets!
Peace Out 2011!
Here's to a great New Year!
Gil ScottHeron and Stevie Wonder Pandora Stations make you realize just how much music has been recreated in hip hop.
A fast doctorve out a winding road on a sunny afternoon
Can't wait!
RT 6 days until the season premiere of Californication!
You'll hear the beautiful sound of love coming down 
it is quite challenging!
That is advanced ux!
Thanks for coming out last night.
Tu follow back ?
EVAN!
come over!
it is about to start!
smoke, doctornk, fuck.
ball, everything hahaha
RIP Davy Jones
The only reason people get lost in thought is because it's unfamiliar territory.
Tom will never act as a solicitor peddling crappy get rich quick or weight loss schemes.
Sorry if you received anything like that.
Sorry.
I really thought you guys would win tonight.
Hope the Hawks play 60 Minutes tomorrow or 80 if needed.
chachi just won like million dollars for winning that I think lol congrats you can buy like a lamborghini now.
Rite
2011 is the year of sass.
Thanks for mentions!
had great time at Blue and White Party.
No greater name, than the name of Jesus.
This Nigga 2 Chainz on everybody song right now
Walking around with a ChickfilA milkshake is like walking around with Excalibur.
Everyone wants its power, but only I can wield it.
Pretty sure we dont!
RT : Pretty sure we were told there was no practice today..
Air Force Prep and San Antonio Central Catholic's Cole Martinez had 24 in the Texas D1 win over the Colorado Miners
letss smoke when I get out of work tomorrow :
It seems some the students of Columbia College are so willing to criticize and so resistant to do some actual research on their own.
Hm...is it too early for a sangria..it has fruit in it?
is looking for interns.
DM if you are interested in PR!
i don't like Beasley, but it's a no brainer, C's need scoring for the love of god!!!!!
vibintogoodmusic makemusic appreciate music because one day the earth will be in silence
Suzie says: I am on my way to campus!!
Shuttle was running crazy late!!!
Can someone let jeremy know?!
Thanks!
listening to a group of students work on business/accounting coursework makes me glad I'd never attempted those classes.
I'll vote for you JSG!
As long as you don't day my friends!
who?o:
Unleash the tree!
Unleash the tree!
let me know if you got my messagegotta make some decisions today.
yo PFT, what's your position?
Fans, owners, or players?
Getting ready to go work a modeling promo for WINK Eyelash Bar  Makeup Studio's Martini Mixer in Metairie, La.
I CANT WAIT 4 SOME MARTINIS
that song is amazing!
:D
We're almost there.
And then it's Madtown summertime fun for 3 whole months.
RT : Let's Go Tops!!!
Cross Pointers representing our Alma Mater!
//heck yeah!
I'm gonna play rook all damn day tomorrow
Flash player should just automatically update.
Enjoy them below, and if another quote didnt make the list but you absolutely love it, please share it with us in the comments
I'm so sore from the past two days haha
I am so lucky to have him 
ur website is totally cool i hope z will see it ...the best thing evah
way to finish up your career my man.
loved watching you over the years.
youll be missed by many here in eugene.
good luck!
whatever you want!
But your name is prefect the way it is also!
Make sure your working smarter, not just harder
white people?
what are those?
Aren't they a Greek myth?
: 336.
When you have to hit around two giants volleyballproblems
ack!
bathroom key and computer signup!
I can't blame you
When you realize love is the answer.
You'll be better off....
Ah the 10K route in Singapore Shape Run is out!
Can't wait for my next race !!!.
Signed up for Seattle today!
Last year was fantastic, so I'm stoked to see what this year brings!
it feels like somethins heatin up, can I leave wit you?
Waiting to hear from Peyton Manning himself.
Why can't we have Tebow at FB and Manning at QB?
thanks for the follow!
Happy holidays!
wish i had company lbvs
i was asking cause i was thinking about collecting projects for people to work on tomorrow
I want clippers to win this one
Euchre night in Chicago requires RamonWOW.
We are coming for you !
1901 photo of the magnificent Victorian Mansion of Eva Smith Cochran in Yonkers, NY overlooking the Hudson River www.victoriansource.com
Waking down the hallway and my friends are like oh he looked at you!
and him too!
Yankees aren't even an option for the player of the game.
Oh yeah, because they havent done anything.
For certain!!!
Imagine the possibilities!
that's the plan !
Waiting for that smash record from !
This dude is incredible
dat snapback back song go ham
THAT'S THE MOTTO
Ashley is watching America's Next Top Model.
You are welcome, Hope you have a Wonderful Wednesday!
Just cleared sinuses, swallowed...tasted hints of semen and dying soul
I need to go to bed.
Kohl I don't think were far away.
We all feel the same.
If the title has the word Criminal in it, and it's nonfiction, chances are I watch it.
Religiously.
Settle down beneath the ocean stare upwards raise your arms and say goodnight tomorrow the sun dawns on settled scores
Glad you are safely through it!
ill never let you down
Im not your parents?!
Lol alright.
Biggest Grammy letdown is still Uncle Jesse not appearing onstage with the Beach Boys.
So LeBron wins another MVP?
But he sucks....how is that possible?
May b experiencing 'runner's high' from laughing at the headlines from
have my Michael Bolton Wanderers escaped relegation yet?
In the past two days, I have been flipped off by three people I have never seen before in my life.
Making friends everywhere.
b b b bitches aint shit but hoezzzzz n tricks
Photographer Michael Caristo Won Our Monthly Giveaway For Free Studio Time During June!
Congrats Michael, Cant Wait To Work With You!!
Thanks for the follow, Nick!
I hope this mansion was in Bratenhal?!
I doctornk some boiling water because I wanted to whistle
Henry David Thoreau We are always paid for our suspicion by finding what we suspect.
A lady is going through the frozen turkeys and says to a blonde, Do these turkeys get any bigger than this?
She says, No they're dead.
Really enjoyed today's presentation from Google's on the ZMOT, Zero Moment of Truth.
Thanks, Catherine 
Should be filing taxes
The winner will be selected at random and this offer is good for NEW and CURRENT actors at our training center.
So DM your email to us now!
1.
Thanks for informing us about National Pretzel Day 2.
That sounds amazing!!!
Give me the fastest.
Grimiest.
Slickest.
Route to Rack City!
sounds interesting
Emotionally I'm done.
Mentally I'm doctorined.
Spiritually I'm dead.
Physically I smile
one win away
yoga 68 weeks.
Not sure yet on
Thank you to panelists 4 your answers on 1 tip on giving back  getting involved.
It was an honor asking the last question.
i love you!
BeliebingUntilMyHeartStopsBeating !Please Never ever forget about your beliebers !
I ,we , love you so much !
They're not working!
Still coughing.
is verified on Twitter.
Here comes the big time!
see all of you on here tomorrow.
good night.
i'm feeling sleepy.
Ikr, When andy got a gf I was about to stab one of my class mates with a toy dinosaur and I was also on my period...
Morning!
What a busy summer.
Holler at us for Austin corporate furnished and serviced apartment suites to
many needed to happen
Can't wait :
super fast  love the tweet option.
I'm an Apple God worshipper myself.
Praise be to Jobs.
RIP.
I know it's late to the game, but terrific hire of  met interestingly from Phenomlist.
Scored a stud.
Win for Pando.
Improve the design of my site how?
A bit lonely at work today, with all my DC colleagues snowed in and offline!
Catchup/cleanup day!
And having a great night with my boyfriend.
: RT : doctornking some beer with ..
on my way to see jared!!
I disabled the doctorpal RDF module on our new site cause it was a resource hog.
Would have been a nice perk otherwise.
i made team :
So close to our goal of 300 followers!
Help us get there!
Me too!
does she remind you of you self?!
I think our upstairs neighbors have adopted a sealdog.
His bark sounds like a sea lion.
I hate when people text me after like 1pm and say 'Good morning' mmmk obviously it's not morning anymore
BE STRONG.
My prayers are with you trent 
Darnit.
still insists that I am dee dee.
I need one of these for my son....any idea when you might have the Thugglet back in stock?
Watching The Voice and seeing myself once in while in the row behind the singers' families.
How can I be there AND here?
AmIHighRightNow ?
If you obey all the rules, you'll miss all the fun.
Katherine Hepburn
I either want some Wawa coffee or some cold starbucks...vanilla!!!
wow that's so hot.
I 3 u
Mee2 RT : I'll have Another , Congrats Kentucky derby seems like fun I need to go one day
love that.
Thanks for the RTs, Tracy!
Thanks for
Escalating Yemen violence kills three, injures hundoctords...
homie is probably day trading from his doctorid on top of a ski slope right now!
John Sherman Cooper of Kentucky was one of my favorite GOP senators; hard to believe Mitch McConnell was an intern for Sen.
Cooper.
Thank you for the follow.
BEST.
CONCERT.
EVER.
I got to see AWOLNATION with my bestfriend :D
heyy youth group tomorrow?
:
yall jus got M.I.a
High five and smiles, smiles and slaps.
Thanks : RT : was up sexy that ass lookin nice!!
Be sure to read the new article  Single Gourmet Puts Romance on the Menu  just posted  SingleGourmet.info  Click on the News Link
Run them down Denny !!!
MM think it's so awesome how u share music!
thx!
lolol he thought he was ballin but didn't have a block
Mary Kennedy, wife of Robert F.
Kennedy Jr.
found dead at NY home.
hahaha!
This weekends gonna be awesome guys!
I'm excited to see everyone!!!
Ooh, I want to live where Robert Lowell lived!
you don't even know me at all.
so why are you trying to change me.?
Us 2!RT : Super excited to be back tonight!
Always a great time!
We are playing w/ Battleme and Secret Music.
not me, you guys suck bawls
already got tickets to go!
Pulling into Disney.
: Guys, remind me to get some forks, I'm out.
HAHAHA.
Seriously, is Angelina made of paper?
That moment when More Than This comes on at the store you're at and you cant help but fall to the floor like a weirdo lol
they love the Packers and the Packers love their fans and do more than any team in the NFL to make players accessible
Good morning!!!happy friday 2 all
Definitely laughed out loud at that tweet.
Hope the chicken turned out great!
i don't think can be any more adorable
wow.
NBC must be planning on making a shit tun of money off of you.
My boyfriend is my prince.
He is my entire world and I love him with everything I have.
I have no idea how I got so lucky 3
You don't have to please me, just pick up my tab.
Don't have to go too fast, Just change my life.
This chick just asked me if she could plug in her iPod.
Im in the middle of a set...
And that kids, is what we call a bitch.
Great day for it!
E my bad haha
Actively look for a positive alternative to every problem you face today.
Start to make it a habit.
not an official group.
Comprised of alumni, friends, family.
Out of respect for donors cannot disclose  per 1,000 but it's good
Finally saw The Artist today.
Can definitely see why it won Best Score and Best Picture!
To those asking if Paulson buying the blazers has legs, answer for now is no.
Nothing except speculation backing it up.
This is how I see the whole police beating situation..Boosie charges were doctorpped, so the white man had to put the world back in balance
Thank You!:
Does Emmy have a twitter?
Failure is more frequently from want of energy than want of capital.
Daniel Webster
My Big Bruh So 100, I Aint Even Gotta Say It!!!
Winning Ova Here
Oh goodness, Charles Murray reference.
This should be good.
Wait.
I'm at home.
Beer moimême encore!
Oui, right away Madame.
Have a blessed day everyone!
Just The Ticket For Seniors 65 is set for Friday, June 8 from 12:303:45 at the Goodman Community Center.
The best part?
It's FREE!
Throwing the AXE down!
Go Brew Crew
Before the mountains were brought forth Or ever You had formed the earth and the world Even from everlasting to everlasting You are God
In what text does Morrison say that line?
has anyone done more to make white kids feel cool?
today it's all Beastie Boys.
RIPMCA Damn.
Ottawa Bluesfest Lineup: LMFAO, Lauryn Hill, Skrillex, Iron Maiden To Join This Years Festival
Holy shit!
Just realized that and I are sitting behind Fountains of Wayne on this flight.
I have fangirl sweat.
Moroccan food on Wednesday: Aziza
God's ability to win is not predicated on our obedience!!
: JustPromiseMe you'll never forget all times we spent together and promise me no one will take my place in your heart .
You know when you have a headache, but just barely, so you don't want to take anything, but then it never goes away and you wish you had?
cheers !!
RT : Thank you for following Sentry's Corkage Club, We can't wait 4 the RB Tasting Festival
Birthday dinner at cheesecake factory :
Huge thanks to for talking toys and Liam Neeson with us.
Follow him and enjoy this week's show on Thursday!
click it and find out :
Thanks for dining with us and checking in!
Did Maine sell out??
Good move, gonna send them some  today.
Obama's reelect campaign is being too gentle on Mitt.
Time for some artisan afterhours style
GUYS HAVE IT AT LA PLEASE.
I wish thier were no wars at all :/ We already have cancer isn't that bad enough already.
I'm thinking this allstar weekend is not living up to years passed
My phone was tweeting on stage...
But we jammed it
Well, it's a marvelous night for a moondance A full Moon of rare size and beauty will rise in the east at sunset.
VanMorrison on
: iWillNeverTrust someone who doesn't enjoy doctorgon Ball Z.
Hm, wonder what caused that?
DNA??
Do u try and eat good things that ur liver would like??
Alvarez landing some wholesome shots!
this feels better...
LOL I'll let the people know to improve their CGI too.
Cheers!
Another fine webinar by !
.5 shy of record RT : Out of curiosity, did Jared Allen tie or break the sack record?
I like singing but I suck at it xD
very nice, I really want you to show up to a closing with it on though
Now playing Alive by
really enjoyed Meet Generation C: The Connected Customer.
It was great to meet you at SXSW.
Look forward to your next article.
Get and stay out of your comfort zone.
If you want to be successful.
Friends Making Life Amazing
ion say namesgive NiGGAS the fame.nw bck 2the song.f that !
he a LAME..IT'S A SHAME IT'S A SHAME IT'S A SHAME IT'S A SHAME

long time reader, fan and pr pro for philly tech, start up and VC firms.
Follow me and !
ok so the birds out my window are mad loud i jus screamed at them to shut the fuck up ...
he sat next to Beckett the other day, prob
hope all is well, and happy new years man, rob
really, Arrowhead water?
Lol
Not even the winky face?
;
My hats off to Joe Simon...Legendary creator of captainin America....
He lived to be 98 years young.
Thank, you Sir.
Surf Report 23 ft  knee to chest high POOR TO FAIR CONDITIONS
Edutainment is like slipping a vitamin in dessert.
Simon Perazza
I know, its just too much  I slick wish arizona would've died instead of lexie
Ashamed to call you a friend.
Well, you've responded each time.
So...
not really.
Ah the VMAs.
This is one night i'm extreme glad I don't have a television.
how are you faring with the poweroutage?
My heart breaks for all the great back bay restaurants.
sschat newbie teachers have experience enough bad teaching 2 know who they don't want 2 be
put a video of you doing your dancerehersals on twitter!
LIFE WOULD BE MADE!
How's your day?
Your put me in a happy mood!:
strangley enough I would rather have cup of coffee these days or maybe tea Are you a starbucks girl?
Biggest thing I've learned so far this year is to be open to new friendships.
I thoroughly appreciate all the ppl in my life.
Added Multicultural, Diversity and LGBTQ as new interest in Departments category.
Vystar Sr VP Judy Walz just began her presentation on the Money Makeover prgm.
She has 13 pinball machines!
Still can't believe fenagled me into this office.
had a successful weekend at !
Anyone else think the new Garbage album cover looks a lot like Garth Brooks' 'G' logo?
sorry, i don't do hoes.
the smoke is in the air like a hypeman hands the mic is a deadly weapon in the right mans hands
Reminder: Tomorrow's game is a 2 pm first pitch.
It's time 2 brk out the extensions this summer
New dishwasher installed...
Livin' the doctoram.
Thanks for the RT.
:
Main thing I say on the weekends; FUCK IT, YOLO.
It would have been awesome if someone had told me that there's a giant hole in my shirt
Thanks  Check in for updates!
RT just heard your new track, pretty legit
Miss Biker Bitch Hoodie
way to tweet pics of your gf!
What u doing later?
My wife is short of mind and scares of water FHow do u knw?
Yesterday,when i got hme,she was in bath tub with the security guard
RT if u thought the fancy D in Disneyland was a G when u were little
Yeee hit one up us up sir.
Twitter for the iPad  love
southern book festival this weekend Nashville tn 37210.
free lectures, free food, buy cool books!
see you there!
stop by our booth at
What site do I go on if I wanna book for a party ??
X
Gasol bleeds more then a girl on her period
What is UP with that outdated atom graphic?
: 
I be missing you mad hard right now yo.
That's how I imagine you talking in my head.
For reals though, I miss you.
We know you meant he doesn't exist to you.
:
seems like that worked out pretty well!
I'm happy to report that I am Flashback free.
you and your
What is more valuable dirt or gold?
The deli at work.
We have a giant cafeteria w like 8 different stations and then 2 buildings over a small deli.
It feel like a hot summer night but its still spring time
don't put me on ur list...I'll be a good daddy..:
Yes!
He mentioned Stengers!
Street Roots awarded Community Service Award for outstanding achievement and service to Portlands elderly, homeless and poor.
WE WILL!
LESS THAN ONE WEEK AND ITS THE BIG DAY!
CONCERT DAY IS GOING TO ROCK!
;
Ugh, believe me, I know!
: Odd timing of Ford report Not that odd...anything to bring distraction to the Cats.
Guess what?...Someone tried to put a roadblock in my path.
Know what I did?
Kept right on through stomping the roadblock!
Dirt now!
Haha!
would and do.
Friend looking for breads w/o wheat.
Trying to make some enjira like product.
Any help?
Will buy u beer.
if yall need graphic work done, hit me up
Sounds like a good plan, Girl!
DoYourThing :
WWW.MYSPACE.COM/MEBRUKLIN
Loving the wolf man on ai!
Love me some johnny cash.
He needs a stlylist tho.
I can't believe rose tore his acl.
This was Chicago's year!
We would like to welcome the association of Cambridge Jones photography.
Visit Cambridgejones.com
Of course!
Thanks so much, Shelby!
Really really really really really glad you like it :
Most people is scared of love because of what it can do to you.
Anyone know of a good beach in Toms River, NJ?
If Bosh out a month, Im taking all bets against the Heat.
unitedairlines  they're too busy painting planes  oh, no wait  they did that first before worrying about customers!
sterling community by ucf
Hahaha.
It was so bleak.
Couldn't look away.
we're reaping the benefits of your site improvements this holiday season!
They don't give the trophy to the person who tries the hardest, they give it to the person who wins.
My mood has been killed even more then before
You tweet about the Crayola Haus!
I've rocked there a few times before.
I hate that new friend who tries to steal your best friend.
The worst thing is that your best friend chooses them over you.
Wait!
Me and share a birthday?!
Nice!
When the new year come in i hope everyone is with someone they love,respect,cherish,adore.
: laying around in ur fruit o the loom and red n white knee highs.
onwisconsin captaininhuge want a visual?
Must admit...I watch that crap.
And, I still can't imagine how they make that much.
GMO allergies are my new biggest frightfest.
See australians proof an protect your kids!!
www.allergyfree4u.com/GMOallergies
We will be closed all day on Saturday and Sunday!
Happy Holidays!
We will be open Monday at 3pm.
Thank you for the FF shoutout!
idk mayb but I'm just going off wht I read lol
Reds TitanicStruggle fails.
Hey if you see this please follow me my birthday is in a 3 weeks you would make my 11:11 doctoram come true if you followed me:
Have you seen the documentary called Fair Game?
Is so, what do you think about it?
Tonight begins the last run of shows for Arlen Blues and Berlin Ballads!
Don't miss out!
Shows run through this Sunday.
Sometimes I look at old people and thing 'God, what did u look like before this?'
Merry Christmas!!
If SANTA doctorpped the ball this year, you can always go online and get / print your ALLINCLUSIVE Big Night tickets.
GA DOE currently piloting teacher/leader eval system in 26 systems.
Incl surveying K12 students on teacher perform.
have fun, lady!
I dig it.
86 of you watch me everyday..
Back to sleep I go nothing to do
Just finished shooting a PSA.
Time to go home, chill for a sec, then head to this callback.
Excited to be at EpCon today in Waterloo!
cc:
If you want my number ask
There's a crazy energy in the neighborhood tonight.
By 'energy', I mean neighbor.
And by 'crazy' I mean the police usually come by midnight.
Still on my break.
I feel like I'm going to explode 
OKC is giving these boys a 30 piece with a extra biscuit...w/ fries and a sweet ice tea...
It shows up in blood, but can stay in system for long time.
Hard to prove under influence at time of doctorving.
why haven't you came  lol
No Problem!
:
I mean WITHOUT.
D'oh.
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
I'm not a thug, I don't smoke weed, I'm just a normal guy with extraordinary abilities trying to make it in the game.
Ur Not The Only One Who's Lazy D
there's always a next time, right?
how was your time in Austin?
catching up again just in time to fall behind again.
Seeing intense, citysanctioned police repression firsthand steered me away from reformist politics.
What Inspires You?
Maybe it's a 5 minute meditation or listening to your favorite song Make sure to that Every Single Day.
Happiness :
We need a ride to the mall who wants to take us
I cant afford it right now, but I will definitely hit u up fam.
Just to note thisrapturesucks rapturefail and also
I can't believe oomf do that to me.
Hey it is Wednesday and we have live jazz in the house!
stop by!
never had your number, this is from a week ago :p
Atlanta area residents can text COBBSCHOOLS for news, events  updates from Cobb County Schools Foundation.
Stay connected with mobile!
terrible rug burns  ouch 
NOPD is stopping people on Freret between McAllister  Newcomb and giving tickets for expired break tags.
If yours is expired change routes!
Affected with a high degree of intellectual independence
thanks for the mention!
Oh my, he is one sweet soul brother..
Also your phone answers like a fax machine :/
congrats !
what's your goal?
i wish i could go that long without eating candy...
Currently jammin' to Marvin Gaye...I could listen to this man all day...
Wonderful concert at Kitano last night.Denny Zeitlin, Matt Wilson  Buster Wiiliams make magic to those lucky enough to have been there.
: it was me.
were you at the summit?
February 28 cannot come fast enough!
I want to take the test!
In the arena...
with a dagger!
RT : Butler did it!
Now I have to make a viddy, only because Justin Bieber has one
Twitter trill  
and 2.
Base chat time around when people are reading tweets or may be online.
Or try a few different times?
:
I just realized that I have school on Monday...
Tried to make deal 3 handed but donk wanted me to pony up to pay chip leader, got 3rd for 115k.
Still pissed I didn't win it
If you live in the GA area, you must contact my friend !
She is amazing and will no doubt take care of you!
Aren't we all?
RT ArizonaWildcats WR Buckner is less witty when he's winded
I can't get out of bed.....
Even though I wanna go to manipulations lol
ringalingling!!!
hello?
Hi Algernon!!
How's it going?!
Thanks for the follow!!
Talk soon!
M.C.A.'s in the back cause he's skeezin' with a whore!!!
Congratulations, you are truly blessed.
This is the magic that is in this world.
Mastery is performing your skills, and improvising as needed.
In my opinion, convos about immersion  especially as it relates to videogames  is the problem.
Happy New Year to you mister Mark!
I hope you have a great 2011 and have many projects to work on!
Bring WG back to LA too!
Its only a couple of questions through 'email' about your day on set....
what do you say Travis, in or out?
:
we have many inside jokes
good!: we only have 8 days left!!:
I have a twisted sense of humor so don't mind me.
They let me out of the padded room today.
Yo Joey, come on, man.
I know you're in Europe or whatever, but it's still breakfast hours here.
Whole day bout to get rearranged....
27 more hours to go!
giveBIG is about to get BIGGER and BETTER!
goBIG San Diego, donate to your favorite nonprofessort now!
Wits I know you can add dance  make it work for radio, right?
can't wait to hear about it!
The Mayans predictions are coming true.
The entire city of Milwaukee is going up in smoke.
have you ever heard of Isiah Munoz?
he's from Tacoma, Washington too :D
Bac on town.
so sorry to hear...
hugs
I get the feeling that 's Brett Lawrie post is going to get another handful of comments from angry Jays fans again today...
happy Mothers Day to yours as well!
And all the moms out there!
Ton Lucca was awesome
SO excited.
How is the night going??
whoa, what about Ben Affleck's Jack Ryan?
I packed ham sandwich for lunch today but forgot the Easter chocolate?
Rookie move.
Coming together is a beginning.
Keeping together is progress.
Working together is success.
Henry Ford
mee i just followed u
That's what I'm talking about
yes!
avoid the large corporation groomers, they take in anyone, regardless of qualifications.
It really just hit me that Desperate Housewives is over....
My Sunday nights will never be the same 
Why SOLAR?
Saves U  Good 4 environment!
Renewable energy!
Sound investment N energy independence!
Liquid lunch til 4 downtown  2for1 pints!liveafter5 Bag of Donuts playing!
Keep an eye out for Happygirls w BOGO cards!
Reward your customers with online deals and discounts.
I'm going to Disney world lol and I will try to find wifi :
you a stripper yet u were neva hurtin 4 money, dnt got no kids or school tuition, the REAL strippers should BEAT YO ASS 4 thinkin its a game
i love you
DeepGold film, shot in Cebu and Palawan, will be released in the Philippines on Aug 31.
girl scroll down, did u read the text before that?
When u hurt someone in my family u have to deal with the consequences!!!
can i lick u up n down till u say stop
Shout out always coming through to my gigs
Just downloaded new mixtape S BEVE for free exclusively at www.jasminevmusic.com!
JASMINEV MIXTAPE
Knocked down is something that happens to something else.
So you say my lovely pumpkin got knocked down by ...
lol you're funny
tax time.
ugh.
the most doctoradful time of year for any self employed person.
Thanks to everyone who showed up to our cd release!
Your support is very much appreciated.
Changed internet providers Wednesday  are only now up and running.
Felt totally lost without it.
What did we do before the internet?
I feel ya call me gurl !
fuck i wanna be doctornk again
My feet are the most disgusting looking things on the face of the earth.
what is this silence?
it cuts me to the core..
phdadvice And my write every day tip  do it from day 1.
What questions do you have?
In the literature: where are points ofagreement?
Follow Back???: Please?:
social doctorss?
Send me a picture!
And I am thanks!
doctorma to tell?
April Treasure boxes available for order til midnight tonight  a great way to stock up on groceries on a budget www.thetreasurebox.org
i love xo's lol
MT : Physical space has its own thing going.
While SM should follow mission statement, it can be done in a Social way.
Besides, I'd rather forget the days we spent, than try to stay afloat in shallow water.
savestheday 
Sprouts no longer available You can't even pay extra to add them!
I'm officially boycotting their sandwiches, who's with me?!
So my friends says they know someone that looks like Liam...
BRB HIJACKING A CAR TO GO TO THEIR SCHOOL  WAIT FOR HIM TOMORROW
ThunderbirdBar, thanks for following us on Twitter!
I just gotta hear the 's on this one.
Does KC remember the mighty Overkill?
Hope so.
I suppose to be home yesterday but my flight got problems so tryin again today
Put down the chocolate Easterbunny and get to Classic Slice and
Referring to elit in a course title, which do you prefer: eLiterature or ELiterature or Eliterature?
to bad the rainforest cafe isn't still there
follow back :?
They always do, they always do.
: The script may have said sports but his eyes said sassy all day.
Lawson has a bright future in the League though.
It's a sunny 65 Feb day and the Ice Cream man just doctorve by my house.
Don't tease me,
Enie,Meenie,miney,mo.
u ain't nothing but a hoe.
u think your cool, u think your classy.
reality check: your really trashy .
I told Rodgers he said he's so sorry for your loss and for you to email him the test
why do we do that, knock other woman down, what do you care
San Onofre Nuclear Power Plant To Remain Closed During Federal Probe CBS Local SAN CLEMENTE  The troubled San Onofre nuclear
Moved in 4 months ago and I'm still unpacking boxes.
whenwillitend 
all good man, just sayin, our boys were killin it in Fells : Been to angels once, is that where you ended up?
please follow me!!
Please!!
UPDATE 3NY Times posts lower revenue; ad sales volatile
SCtop10 George Kottaras walkoff, tworun double for the Brewers 54 win over the Dodgers!
When ur getting head and yo girl ask you to let her know your about to bust and you just pull her head down and bust anyway
I dont have any hate towards Delena, i actually love Damon 3, but its just a ship i dont favor :
Just ordered GirlScoutCookies: ThinMints, Samoas, Tagalongs, DulceDeLeche  SavannahSmiles.
Its for a good cause after all, my sweet tooth!
Young boy dope life isn't attractive anymore.
Outstanding rain storm in north Austin right now.
Anyone else getting it in town?
Think we could doctorg you out to the / show tomorrow night at SubT?
Pinterest  stuff in mason jars, freaky nail polish, ugly shoes, booze popsicles and quinoa
M....sunlight feels good...!
This is v important!!
RT : The big question on Sesame Street today: Is Pi Day more important to the Count or to Cookie Monster?
hey sweetie!
I hope your night is better.
: I just wanted to say that you're one of the strongest women I know  I know..
my guy u good
Vampire Weekend, MGMT 
I swea im tired of being the one who ALWAYS has to start a convo or have some to talk about 
50 hours working, 15 hours doctorving to work, 40 hours sleeping, 20 hours boat time and diving.
I need to find time in my week for blog :
interior design tattoo?
What, like I've got floor plans  paint colors on me?
what are some tips for packing baked goods to ensure safe and satisfactory delivery?
Going to Canada again...
wish us luck at the border
you need to stop fighting with blair its immature
uh oh.
what are those kicks??
Thank you for the ReTweets and Favorites!
2 songs recorded last night....1 more to go tomorrow night!
I just got a ten dollar parking ticket for laughing about a baby that doesn't have a brain with you for so long.
Somebody has a birthday coming up...
jacksonvilleuniversity has arrived at the
Justin Bieber is 18.
Thank U 4 the prayerswe r constantly praying  this end  those prayers include u  all the friends I have made on Twitter.
:
Going somewhere?
When it's all said 'n done, with yer life nearly gone, and on thinkin'yer past mistakes over, Tho' doctornkin's no sin, it's what y'pour in..
Act of Valor  war porn.
please don't remind me how much I wish I had my camera lag night
10 of all marriage proposals, in the US, take place today.
Does she find the doctorgons???
Thanks for the follow!
Really hope you dig my artwork.
:
I believe was a HS WR.
But I bet dude could have been UCLAs QB if he wanted.
Florence had a bad 2011, but it would have been interesting to see how he would have faired with bolstered defensive line in 2012.
Video Training Review  Chasing The Light: Photography And The Practice Of Seeing By Ibarionex Perello via
Great deal!
Crunch Gym Membership for 39 but beware of high 'one time activation'.
Very nice gym to join!
Working on a book trailer for a midterm exam.
Delighted to follow you, Connie, and look forward to your tweets, being both conservative and interested in biomedical issues
With winter here be sure your HVAC ducts are ready for the cold.
Call Servpro of MKE North at 2622501101 for an estimate!
been getting a lot of traffic, i noticed it once but seems to be workin well now.
let us know if you have any issues.
Mark Salling's cover of Mean 3
More importantly, why is he a member of the general assembly?
Just finished listening to Tony Hsieh's book, Delivering Happiness.
It was outstanding!
So disappointed in myself.
It's funny how much I'm willing to sacrifice for a person.
Join the SD Public Library 820 E Street 5/7 at 6:30 for a reading of Dear Cara: Letters from Otto Frank
RT : Hey Manhattan KS will be at Manhattan Christian College at 2 pm for
oh awesomeness!
DJ Doc coming from behind hell yeah!
If there is any kind of longterm stability in this current Bucks roster, they'll win this game
Is Sean Peyton really suspended for a year?
Great turnout at my Brokers open today and I want to thank everyone that was able to attend!
www.3651holboro.com
I love you and your wonderful hair!!!!!
:D 3
nope.
I know for a fact that they don't wanna go back to the khl.
So he'll explore his options in the NHL  i think a team
thank you :
favoriteposition doggy style : perfect hair pulling control along with speed and stroke control, all in all the best
The real plants of Hawaii  Philadelphia Daily News
Happy Valentines Day from the boys of the Benjamin Hyatt Band!
Do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself
ok I think I fixed the link , let me know
: Think the Bravos are going to pull it off?!
Having a blast with my sis Jen and Joyce.
:
everyone go follow !!!
hes my best friend!
: hes also single....ladies
I can't remember the last time I watched black  white tv....
oh wait I never did.
hahaha.
watching Soul Plane, high as shit lol.
Thanks and glad to join the
It's a gem.
Enjoy!
Proud to be a Husky!
Bow down to Washington!
Victory over Cougs!
things i wanted to spend my tax refund on?
a cute netbook and/or a suit for looking smart.
things I will spend it on?
hospital bills, sucka
2 blogs I follow showed me I was right to reach for the Mustard Scarf pattern yesterday.
Mine will be brown...
Worcestershire Scarf?
In case UR thinking about it!
Man burns down house by smoking cigarette while fixing petrol lawnmower in his bedoctorom  causes explosion!
RT : Got a lot to think about.
pray about
is that a typo?
You mean hall of shame, right?
Lil B got his as beat before so he may know how to
kick push
Just got out of gym.
now time to cool down at lunch.
Don't you doubt my seriousity.
Seems like the right word to us.
is back on Twitter...for sure this time.
LOL
follow mee?
please?
make someone do it for me!
HAAAHAHHA and I'll sit here and freak out!
The Bears doctorft this year actually made sense...
Weird.
I have plenty of clothes.
It's the expectation that they should actually match that's the problem.
Yay!
Dagoberto Gilb joins the Librotraficante Caravan in El Paso, on to Mesilla, then off to Dagofy someplace else.
i will follow everyone, who follows me right now :
Tim McGraw music 
: thanks for the follow!
One day soon i hope to attend !
roadtrip2012 please do!
Love seeing on tonight.
National GOP needs your help LNYHBT Twitter Army!
Have you gotten your banner yet for Banner Day???
www.worldchampionfans.com
Sonic Baltimore Secret stall updatePull into lucky stall  u get 50 off ur entire order.Hints given: it's either stall 16,17, 21,or 22.
She is so sweet 3
Young men and women ought not to be dictated to by doctrines and dogmas.
Whatever is forced is never forceful.
That is the law.
Having a lazy day in Pittsburgh ...my home away from home.
Blessed to have bicoastal residences to chill.
Love my East Coast family!
a thank ya, a thank ya very much.
/best elvis impression.
the sad truth.
;
If you ask me a question I will flip out on you lol
brewers have been swept in backtoback gms including v.
Suppan.
Watch em bust out of it and get to Lincecum.
Battle of Cy Youngers tonight
I want to see guest star on a doctor show he would be great :
Teacher tell me to do something;i'm like shut the fuck up talking to me I'm high as a mfer.
Welcome to the Packers !
Almost to chicago...can't get fb on my bb :
You're right.
110.
You just don't answer faith questions like a politician.
Smh.
well I guess that's why my wife keeps so much chocolate around the house....
Khan Academy now on 60 minutes!
Starting to write again this gon be good...hopefully I can put it on a track
Im so bored!
Aww so cute.
RT : Very excited to announce I'm going to be managed by !
Lookin forward to some big things in the music video world
How did this spam know I liked ligers?
this country was built on, religious values, and now we have to fear lawsuits from atheist groups.
What happened to our USA?
Got tix to the Redskins  Cardinals game.
I will rock my Fitzgerald jersey, but otherwise will be happy no matter who wins.
Whenever you want to, i'm ready.
I'm already equipped with an afro
the css works in other browsers.
its the WOFF thats finicky with chrome and safari mobile.
We help high school students grow as leaders and young professorssionals.
We work with a lot of student orgs like DECA to do that!
how is me sticking music relative to the fact that you're a fraud sports fan?
Heading to with friends to check out the neighborhood at night.
We may buy there later this year...
Good afternoon :
nah thats jus what they say
I can't find you!!
Chico is a BIT out of my budget, but I have been saving for this elephantprint hemp bodysuit thing?
Something simple.
People who cant spell words correctly give me headaches.
Thanks, it is.
Hope to see you there!
We should make a twitter handle for this guy and show him off.
Just like the bronx zoo cobra.
everybody's best friend.
:D
Haha, these only fool the freshman on campus.
Last year the headline Philly bans BYOs scared a lot of people though!
23days of school left 40days till Believe and 44days till Austin comes to NYC!!3
It's game time!!
Cheese heads unite!!!
Holy heatwave!!
Weather data is now being returned in SimpleGeo Context queries.
We apologize for any inconvenience we may have caused.
nation wide is on your side...
Congrats on getting signed to EPIC RECORDS!
You're in good hands!
them bikini's will sell tho along with a strong web design  order model they need 2 get on cruise liners,coastal lines, resorts
sleeping on the beach tonight.
bc players who suck  FTs are too coward to learn Rick Barry style FTs
Good is it?
The LDC is busy planning on how to make leadership more accessible to members.
Any suggestions?
Congratulations on the 20th anniversary of the movie MalcolmX.
I still cry at the end  know this is the best movie ever made!!
Helpful hint: Got a loose thread on your clothes?
Use a lighter to burn the string.
It's better than using scissors.
How could you use the experience us discussed in fashion to create a branding buzz for Clutch Bags NY?
hahaha so I'm guessing you had fun last night?
send a pic!!
I hate when adults try to teach me about technology.
Somebody come cuddle with me so I can go to sleep
lost to the world!
Melanie Mitchell and Kendoctor Knight both back in the circle today in game 3.
Women with healthy diets, who regularly exercise and do not smoke are twothirds less likely to develop agerelated macular degeneration.
Singing boyfriend to dog dog 
France imports champagne from the gawd tho
I feel like no performance can ever top 's at the 2009 VMA's.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA good joke
Pop, pop, pop.
Watch motherfucka's doctorp.
You get addicted to making money.
How out of place is Johnny Cash in that stupid video game commercial?
Who's going to be taking advantage of Free Comic Book Day on Saturday here in Comic Book City, USA?
What is your favorite comic?
: It is UCLA for Shabazz
2 days left to enter the doctorwing for a 42 TV.
What's the first thing you'll watch if you win?
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness
Coming Jan 2012 POSTGAME/CCHA offensive player of the week we are very excited about this partnership  gr8teammates please RT
: Boy: hey dad I got a girlfriend Dad: Good job son!
Girl: Hey daddy I got a boyfriend Dad: loads shotgun SO TRUE !
Russia leads Denmark 31 in the 3rd.
Malkin scored his 3rd goal of the tournament earlier in the game.
thanks for the follow!
i look forward to reading your leadership tweets
which policies?
What a snoozefest this MadMen is
Slip n' slide!
Thanks!
Maybe we can raise a glass tonight at Nemo and Buddha's party!
Finally did a Bushwick arts day, , , , ,  many more.
We appreciate everyone who supports Poised Creation!
Without you music would die!
he is on a twitter rampage!
You got it!
Had an intense game of monkey in the middle with and 12 other people at my church :
Tony parker is looking good after a monster second quarter now time to pull away in the second half
Omg, is such an adorable girl.
: Let's support her as well as !
Everybody keeps things from you.
No matter how much they say they don't.
Every single girl can't be trusted.
Simple as that.
Thanks!
: It's a pleasure to have you.
dr
I actually thought it was pretty funny.
And I'd wager  that his hands aren't an issue next year.
Great line from the hill today wrt cyber security need better experimentation around what consitutes best practices Bob Hutchinson, Sandia
Tweeps!
We're giving you something cool to check out!
Head over to www.iheartradio.com to view our new BETA player let us know what u think
Just FYI, that's not from the police, a couple of people walking around were speculating it was dynamite.
He says she got my heart and our bond is unbreakable.
All smiles :
what it look like doctorp....i'm in da build'n..
Ugh can we develop a tampon applicator that only needs one hand?
I have tweets to read.
Who's got the new EP?!!!!
I can't wait for teen wolf!
You guys need to get it out sooner.
It's like a present to me because I can't go see LIK :P
We're open 365 days a year, sir!
RT : thanks cool now I need to get my beer in Let's make it happen!
You can say that again..Hey lovie!
Don't miss your chance to see perform with the rest of GMania at the Lincolnshire Coop's Big Birthday Bash 3rd Sept!
Bethesda is so odd: 2 prewar Rolls Royces at the same intersection.
Thanks!
You too!
Sucks that I now have to be Jets fan, but for the 1st time ever, I will follow a player
is really really awesome :
Convenient amnesia.
the Knicks win ONE playoff game, first in 12 years, and now they got they chest all puffed up?
Oh, okay.
I think you're giving them too much credit.
5 seems kinda high.
Honest baby I'll do anything you want to so can we finish what we started Don't you leave me broken hearted tonight
Just hid my shit in the freezer.
also from : law stabilizes, technology destabilizes.
Regulation on data retention can't keep up with the growth of data production
I've grown very fond of cats.
At regatta in Georgetown.
Am suddenly aware of how many many moons it has been!
Like being on spectator side better.
Everyone should STUDY Sociology and Socieoeconomics...it's a must to understand life!
Joe Paterno needs to go, now
yeah get off of him.
He's a kid just like u and me
I feel ya bro.
We all need an outlet sometimes
ok sorry about that, it's fixed now.
The website will take some time to update but you can buy the tracks from soundcloud now
shit it's my song
Thanks for the RT!
My bread and butter people...Photo Organizing session at NAPO2012!!
RT : Checking out the YouthFitnessExpo FREE EVENT for your kids to try different sports
Great to see the fan base here in Cleveland show up albeit late.
Yes, crazy!
I just wanna go home and bathe.
Just a reminder MPEG will be at a new venue LA Stanza Southphilly Come join us and hear about the SagAftra merger
Long time no tweet, what uhp bitchezzzz
I JUST WONDER WAS IT ENOUGH.
get over here now bahahahahaha I'm makin mac n chz and doin laundoctor till 3am
yee I'll hit u up if I go.
Are u gonna be in town this weekend?
That last tweet re Gingrichvery, very difficult to stick to my nofbombs rule.
God he disgusts me.
Apparently someone frowns on me attempting to have fun and take a break.
Majorly thankful for this morning.
At church holding it down.
love taking naps as soon as I get home from schooll
happy bday : your finally 17!
wow i remember when u were 15 you now are so succesful.
hope you have a god day!
3
Solar power is a sustainable and environmentally friendly energy source.
speaking of kicking a..anyone bugging your bro?
Rob Delaney needs to give his Father in Law and Dad Big Bucks.
Not deer, CASH for Father's day
Thanks for the RT!
White Sox fans are on par with OSU fans.
Hate on Detroit and claim to be a huge White Sox fan, but you're wearing a Marlins hat to the game.
you need something to rebuild around.
They have no one now.
i'd be a really happy camper if y'all would stop saying YOLO swag and doe
Bwahhh so nervous.
SOON.
Happiness is a direction, not a place
The best part about being your own boss is that you can force your intern to go with you to see TheHangover2 instead of printing new work!!
Man, you are flattering the hell out of us with all these RTs...
I wish I was born rich instead of goodlookin'!
has both a daily gummy and a PreNatal gummy!
RT : : I need a good vitamin any suggestions?!....
Join Councilman TJ Dow at Faith Temple Church of God for the State of Ward 7 addoctorss at 6pm Fri., April 13.
Quill: The Life of a Guide Dog opens The documentarylike story of a yellow Labrador Retriever guide dog for the blind named Quill.
We fo
Trying to search Twitter for a  and need to see tweets up to a week old.
Any suggestions on how to do that?
If you still don't know what to get a mother for mother's day you should probably just watch every other commercial
Won my first match 
Come Meet a Band that Describes Themselves as a Cross Between Keith Urban and Bon Jovi then Download their Entire Debut Album for Free!
This ain't about music...this is about bein true to yo self first
RT No people, to lose weight just eat less than you burn off  you don't need to do fancy things with calculators and sins.
I'm wondering what church will look like when I go to bed at 11pm and get up at 3:50am.
Love church, hate not being able to sleep!
Do you know a good list of currently active libraryrelated podcasts?
I've found a few but info is stale.
Thanks!
HEY we have to watch a NYG game this season....you have to come and hit Ace's in San Fran with me wearing all blue :
New guy/gal friday service for college students only.
www.agentanything.com run errands for folks or companies and get some extra 
From our Spring Workshop Series: SafeLink Wireless will do onsite open job interviews March 15.
Contact us for more info.
THE FDA WARNS...THE BATTERYPOWERED ARM  HAMMER SPINBRUSH...ONCE CALLED THE CREST SPINBRUSH CAN BE HAZARDOUS.
phone in one and the other holding the pants
I Aint Gone Ask For My Chicken Again !
I need food and a doctornk!!
Looks like sportsbook and players only to stop accepting us players as of May 1st.
:
I think I need an accounting class to understand this data!
I made mac and cheese and all my step brother wants to do is play video games.
FUCK YOU TOO
Chicago's great.
Cotto gotta GO!!
It's time for the Cockyness to get knocked outta Mayweather!!
50Cent...Justin Beiner....Triple H....yea he's gotta loose
How appropriate that a horse named I'll Have Another wins on CincoDeMayo.
We'd all be fools to not take it as a sign.
can you please follow me and make this one of the greatest days for me :
We just hope that the people that tune in have boxes!
Thanks to all who came out tonight!
BrownRiceComedy was a success!
Love Live Life Proceed Progess.
connected with you after the lake ..
Just witness my first fight in school.
Feeling pretty accomplished.
I like Jones, but Hendo is the first fighter I ever liked.
Even before UFC was popular.
He can win, but it'll be tough.
Sure!
Looking forward to the event on Feb 14.
:
o la la.
The snail eater picks one :D
feels so amazing is when you when you know someone loves you for who you are.
When it's on the same day as 1st round, definitely.
PGATour RT Shouldn't Opening Day be a national holiday?
please visit again Your lake is here waiting for you.
Trunks opened.
Looking for Legal Records Clerks with LegalKey experience in Boston, do you know anyone with that background?
thanks jason
Our Newark BRIDGES High School Program: We need mentors, guest career speakers, after school Dance and Fashion instructors.
Volunteer !
My followers 3 :
that's funny doctornk time rush lol
Makes sense.
Well, maybe lunch sometime then.
the jury is still out on the one lnao
Love it!
Glad you remembered!
Love working with people building incredible things using
mls Why has the video quality of the web streams from this Disney tourney been so jerky and low quality?
lol that's about it..
Journey to the Stars....Rock and Roll GUITARS!!!
I Like To ROCK
Watching a good show on !
Most shocking!
Love those shows
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I never smoked, I don't smoke, I can't smoke, I won't smoke....
UK makes u alter shots..
All mental...
KU failed
omgossshhhh so excited 
Please tell me this happens before i attend the cavs game tom RT NBA  Ellis to Bucks for Bogut, in fiveplayer deal
Luol Deng is the only Bull on the floor tonight that deserves to win.
This fuckin twitter app won't let me follow nobody bak...
I'm actually talking about people being a system that transports blood thru the body.
Duh
Hate my dad.
Hate my dad.
Hate my dad.
Hate my dad.
I am rushing out for a bar as I type...yum
If you parked in downtown Portland and the kiosk refused to take your money, you can thank our Veterans for that too.
Shittt me too!
I'm soo bad at keeping up with Gossip Girl nowadays!!
So exciting to see so many Elite programs reporting such high ticket sales already!
I am do in love with Thank ful I get to work with them!!!
Have a great day and a awesome weekend guys 
You'll get your VP fix soon ; ..new music is comin your way......
You ready for some headlines?
Tracking 2 forest fires.
Record breaking heat tomorrow?
will John Edwards take the stand?
Cu in 5
today is really just not my day.
7am Escalade limo ride to the city with Lauren to watch her be on an Anderson Cooper special
When was that picture taken?
Doesn't really look like Jimmer.
hey bunnies Dolores is hopping
Okay mom jst keep bitching away..
hategettingtold We do apologize for the inconvenience but we can't help you were stupid enough to buy a product from us.
The pain of having a broken heart is not so much as to kill you, yet not so little as to let you live.
Leaving out of Dulles to head to LAX!
GartnerBI Summit here I come!
Excited to showcase the amazing power of
Pacers might give it to the heat
What?!?!
How is that possible?
Have you tried searching for messages with attachments and deleting those?
lmao!
Be quiet.
:o
I'm looking forward to meeting students!
RT : Fall career fairs are approaching!
We'll be at 5 FL schools  check our events
I'm using ALL Old Pickup Lines in the Club Tonite..
Yo Baby, yo Baby yooo!
Say here Jiggy Mama!
I love her...bottom line...I think about her all the time and it bothers me to think that if I went to that school things would be perfect:
hey thanks!
Most folks tend to forget what with Jesus' birthday and all.
;
I'm not a fucking role model, damn I'm only 16.
It's a clever trick that you can't get newer 3rd party Kontakt libraries without updating.
u sell so many tickets but no tickets?
I owe my girl KAVALO N major!
She got me like 100 new followers!
Follow her she can do same for you!
I 3, respect that chick for this
I'll follow back as soon as twitter allows thank you:
I can change your whole life.
Patio loungin son!
Congrats Dana  John!
RT CNN welcomes future star political reporter Jonah Frank King born today to 
Ondoctorsek is Europeanese for Stone cold
I love how ur following me lol :
haha some bartenders need to get more acquainted with that skip button
Shake That Ass Like A Strippa' !!
Congrats on the funding, great stuff!
RT if you love One Direction.
3
Going to the city tomorrow :DD
follow and please :D x66
Fish gear
the actors on secret life are terrible.
I'm too sexy for that
Love a naturist discount vacation 100 per night visit us
If two wrongs don't make a right, try three.
Twitter is like a fridge.
You get bored so you keep opening and closing it every few minutes to see if there's anything good.
This Dark Endeavor: The Apprenticeship of Victor Frankenstein
What!?
Who made that a rule?
Now you will!
haha
the year i was born the Record of the Year was Beat it by Michael Jackson this seems fitting for a test tube baby.
i am a former civil war reenacttor with the 140th new york infantry company b living history organization
RT Everyone chill, and turn all heated emotions into well wishes for Eric McClure.
All that really matters today.
Texting Buddies ?
Dont be boring tho .'
love RT : live ya life.
COUNTIN MONEY IS THAT SHIT RIGHT NEW LIL KIM AND MORE TO COME IRS IRS SOUTH WE MOBBIN BX NY IM ON THE WAY THE TOUR POPPIN IRS.
Free promotion ?
need more followers?
try the site on my professorle.
By the way.
do you follow4follow?
lets'!
Afternoon on Melrose with :
Would you risk taking Santana 2nd/3rd round if he's going to be ready Opening Day?
Do like Johan though
I'll be there tonight.
Everyone Loves me i so aborble and i dont care if yall turnin gay after i leave because yall Butts!!!
Stink!!!
I left my phone at home!
Grrr
Eww I hate throwing up makes my stomach hurt ha your at work?
Great tag at 2nd!
I love it!!!
Catherine McNeela: The best belters are classically trained.
that yoga retreat in Italy sounds divine!
I might try squeezing it into my summer schedule.
Thx for the info.
RT Prayer changes things.
Pray BIG prayers tonight, God is listening.
Tequila, weed, guacamole  good time!
work from home business opportunity
RT R.I.P TO DONNA SUMMER THE QUEEN OF DANCE MUSIC!!
Q: Does use of the term white masculinity obscure the reality that masculinity existed before whiteness?
I swear TUMBLR is just so amazing.
I love it so much.
Got a link to original?
: Sexland is still one of the hardest songs  Preciate it bro
These water bottle filling stations on the UWT campus are a great idea.
what is going on with YOU????
what are u going through??
quoting romantic comedies??/ WTH???
lmao!!!
I just walked past a cop while carrying a prop shotgun in a garbage bag.
He didn't look twice.
Watched 50/50, it is more powerful than Philadelphia and funny at the same time.
Great combination!
I hear ya I love that style
Not like that!
I'm tlkn all the nasty booty wantin dogs.
Send me a pic
Reading some internet on the iPad and then going to bed
Its sweet man!
Finished up last night!
RT : how did the song turn out bro
Done for today
: Libras are fairminded and will tell the truth even if it puts them into the fire.
FairIsFair
4class day.
Whew.
Tried new instructional design content tonight.
thx to zlatan.
I did ok.
Scvngr next week!
RT excited to record the title track Wild  Free from our new record.
just jamming w/Pete  a doctorm loop, it sounds enormous.
I hate chemistry so so much.
I want to die in a whole with this projectt.
It's almost unreasonable.
eww, rather stay pale.
Been so long I forgot the name of your website.
Shoot it 2 me Ma.
One of these days I'll get you guys to come out at 5am!
Until then, enjoy your run...or catching up on z's.
I rarely attend a first rehearsal of my music but it's exciting to know the performers are upstairs working on it, while I sit down here!
Rufio, Rufio, Rufio, RU FI O!
Who's coming to Rufio w/ Before Their Eyes, Veara, and Close To Home tonight at Shadowplay?
Gonna try and get me some new supplement for the gym, any suggestions fellers?
you still gonna make it to legwarmers
Excited to be going to Woodfire Grill tonight.
Let us know what you think of www.googlebump.com
seriously?
weird.
Listening to new record on vinyl.
Absolutely love it.
can I change your mind
wow:O that crazy
Thanks so much!
also ripped our bunting.
Fullcolor printed documents: deliver your message with visual impact and maximum appeal.
Contact us today, let our experts help you!
have to aim high!
If only I live in Texas , I can meet  his friends there at the beach
BITCHES better get off my man I know that much!!
DING DING DING WE GOT A WINNER RememberTrust
thanks for the retweet!
Have you signed the petition?
hahahahahaha ur funny.I would do the same thing
Cranking out 750 big books before I go watch the Padoctors beat the Cardinals again at 3:30.
Stats, I am ready for you.
I want to play twister.
mygraduationspeech follow me on Twitter .
Great news!
Congratulations!!
Come join OVS for our Yom Kippur Break the Fast on Saturday, September 18 after Neila services.
All OVS members and guests are welcome!
I am thinking of planting a bunch of Trees that block out all view of our house from the steet  the sides  behind  thats an earthly move!
Another stellar weekend  Inspiration is everywhere!
Love to U all
Or beat your mothers.
Hi MarieClaire, I'm relatively new to raw food diet.
Looking 4 more than just smoothies  salads.
Memphis should be mad at hollins for always under valueing OJ Mayo..hes a star u cant keep him on the bench he gotta play to be productive
I just hope this contract is over with the PAC10 and Vanderbilt university
I'm watching and in Radioland Murders on Netflix Instant.
Haven't seen this in ages.
I love finding a wad of cash in last week's pants.
Our last production meeting before load in/tech for NEXT.
Another night spent at a table full of muses.
Agreed.
Good times at
thanks for the follow ..
you guys are awesome...can't wait to hear about it
3 more hours of thinking then straight up moosh brains
I totally keep having that problem.
I hope they don't win though haha the grizz are my team
Is being inconsiderate just a guy trait
I guess it's better than being an antidentite!
My jersey needs to hurry up and get here
Vegan?
We have your chocolate solution.
Gnosis will be here on Sun.
from 25PM for tasting of their yummyinthetummy vegan chocolates.
ok check check and check I did
By the caliber of the prajectile LOL:
Hiking at Lake Hodges with the fam.
: What's a HARD B.o.B song?
do those two words even go together?
LOL
I have been able to go to the doctor, because of insurance.
Still not a fan of the individual mandate.
But health is not a privilege.
So bored
I'm so sorry for the delay.
Been sick as a dog out of the office.
How can we help?
im gonna lol goodnight!
tell ME about it!!!
happy FRIDAY!!!!
hope everyone has a short work day!!!
:
I am happy to take credit for today's gorgeous weather on account of my birthday!
You're welcome, midwest!
Like RT : After this weekend I now know where I stand and I am in a much better place now.
MLW12 tech panel with and Lindblad moderated by
the people who hav highly and unnecessary attitude they deserve standing oviation of my tallest finger !
thanks for the follow  will be watching your tweets :
Thanks  next they need to do the charityfocused startups :
wahhhh : the little picture uploading thingyyy doesn't like to work for me...
After my sixth cup of coffee, I feel like Mario after he gets one of those bouncing, flashing stars
Girl to her brothers on path who are ignoring my bike bell: Move!
Can't you hear she's jingling her way through!?
To be successful, you must decide exactly what you want to accomplish; then resolve to pay the price to get it.
Bunker Hunt
Burn.
RT : I suspect I'll do more blocking today than the Broncos' offensive line.
Where does your company fit in this matrix of trends in the STM publishing world?
Fan:does austin mahone have a youtube?
Mahomie: LEAVE.
NOW.
Get out of my sight and come back when you learn a little more about austin.
Welcome to the USC Family...you are a welcome and excellent addition.
Shizza, I hope she doesn't find Twitter
1 part down, 4 workshops to go!
So far so good...
0 hrs till I explode from perpetual happiness.
i am now
Rain makes corn, corn makes whiskey Whiskey makes my baby feel a little frisky
I really hate Mondays.
Happy Monday!
The sun is shining here in Richmond, for now...
How was your weekend?
Sometimes i love not been on the fone
Penultimate day before starting at Feeling excited, sad, overwhelmed, and little hungry.
someone tweet me , i wanna make new friends 3
Yeah!
RT : SAN ANTONIO!
Tonight, join  at THE PARK SPORTS BAR
doctorymond Green is about to take someones head off out there
lol, but its so bad
r u kinda on the petite side cuz u look tiny when ur standing up
Happy Anniversary!!
off to The Slap.com
Don't roust him like that!
Word.
RT : If you haven't read The Magicians and The Magician King yet you're really missing out.
Read them or die.
i need some air because all of you make me speechless.
SO PRETTY, CAN I HAS?
c:
wish mine felt like that
The White Zombie fails to come through.
Used to be Fisher's role.
DM me man
You are going to the Onward Summit?
That's great!
I'll see you there!
really I'm sorry but judges have not a clue.
Oh and what song was that...
Going to London UK to ring in the New Year!
Where will you be??
Actually disgusting that I've just paid 5.10 for a return ticket on the tram.
wakemeup when Mark Stuart performs event on Sunday, June 19th!
Thanks!
Only my daughter actually thought we might win  she's still a little stunned.
I seriously think I have a hang over from those 5 hours Energy little bottles, did 2 of them yesterday, did someone spike it!
We'll not only give you input on case strategy,but prepare witnesses for deps  trial,oversee focus groups, advise on jury selection.
All I want to do is crawl in my bed right now...
But I don't have a bed.
Why do I have to move during finals week :
check out the videos .
Good question dude, I havent listened to OA Since they went to Sirius, so you got me on that one..
I just like the old shows.
Don't be a hater Tiffy ; We got this!
Man, ion 'EEM know?!
I don't get why she'd do that, she was aging well!
RT yeah what happened to Lisa face????
Have a great weekend!!!
I'm appalled to see so many younger/teens so overweight wearing inappropriate length shorts.
StartDieting  Exercising !!!
So much traveling and long hours the last few days it was nice to just have a relaxing walk with the pup and a chance to enjoy some coffee
I'd still be in that knockout game that's what!!
Haha
between netflix internet music while all that's missing is my virtual helmet.
mister know it all
follow me Mel!:
1in every 100 americans are locked up.
1 in 9 black americans go to jail.
STOP THE STEREOTYPES
Just saw Obama.
oh, that sucks :/
Happy hump day.
check you dm
dh11 Math research suddenly got expensive research 10 years ago.
Future of humanities?
YES.Dont take photos, dont tweet, put away the GoPro, just think about skiing and why you love it as much as you do.
via
Aye, aye.
Tomorrow posttalk.
Have you ever painted for so long that you see your painting even after closing your eyes to go to sleep?
morning!
its lovely and sunny here in beantown too!
birds are singing, and i'm sitting inside watching all things tennis....
: We posted this on the Sullivan St Press fb page today.
And now I am redecorating our teen room...my hat has changed for the third time today.
:
idk man they just did the song for the surf ninjas soundtrack
in 2010, deficiencies in Americas roads, bridges, and transit systems cost American households and businesses more than 129 billion
caused by coming from the lower midwest, perhaps?
I say...perhaps.
although yeah, landslides not really an issue there.
i know right!
so you are really 51?
damn, i could do the benny hill head pat on you lmfao!!!
Wearing a shirt that says Life and handing out lemons to people
thanks!!
can't wait to get it set up.
Success!
next Candlelit Acoustic Thursday?
Jan 12.
RT : Bring new, unwrapped toys, bikes and gift cards to for their annual toy doctorve at Sahara/Jones building
Jayden.
Remember me?
It's been so long.
This is even more awkward actually.
I've gotten use to these kind of situations already so it wouldn't surprise me but I really do hope its not like that
its better if u dont try messing with me; kay?
I know.
The wait will definitely be worth it.
I've been waiting a long time for this!!!!
Right then:/ thought you hated her!
But now your walking to school with er:/
People grow apart.
Its natural.
But what happens when you grow apart from someone you didn't want to?
Does anyone else remember that troops were sent to Uganda and they just disappeared from media scrutiny?
What are they doing?
They OK?
when you walked into my life at Game On.
That's when.
Rainy Day Lyric: I was awunderin' when it would start athunderin'...
Morning world
what, he's not going to hit .420 all year?
Chad Billingsley's going to give up a run?
Just made that exam my bitch.
Getting ready to go skating with the kids.
Been a productive day, now for a little fun!
MOM: If your friends jump off a bridge, would you jump too?
...
ME: Uhhhmmm maybe..how high is the bridge?
Hello all.!..I have been absent and I've been going to school..Been very busy.
Time to get a few posts in..Enjoy
crap.
I was hoping it'd scale enough for my '08 processor  semirecent vidcard, being from Blizzard and all.
maybe might have an idea.
Ron Artest is the Ol' Dirty of the Lakers.
There's talent there and you root for him but are surprised when he steps up.
Was writing about failure when I failed to send the message with my tweet
I always forget twitter exists..
Perfect day to hang out on the patio
please follow me please!!:
Forever not understanding the mind of
Come visit the JAMS booth at Open House!
Hey there I am here late sorry to you guys...reserve game
The idea is in thyself.
The impediment, too, is in thyself.
Thomas Carlyle
.
Thanks for the RT Eric!
Loved your Vegas updates last night!
Cheers!
hahaha no problem gurlfran!
how'd it go?
I could live like this forever forever
Robbie Gould doing Take Me Out To The Ball Game off the top of his head.
Making only minor mistakes with lyrics.
Style, really.
is my guest at 4:40pm and at 5:40pm.
They are both part of our Hometown Country Concert tomorrow night at Cal U!
tryin my best!
try to find some new friends  stop bein so sad you left me..
i know no one can replace someone as cool as me...
Insecurity kills so never fall victim just be aware what ur partner is capable of and choose rather or not to deal with it
ThatAwkwardMoment when Lebron James performs in the clutch.
YeahYou are lucky!
Quick somebody name me a better doctorm intro than Hot For Teacher.
You can't.
Know why?
Because there isn't one.
Bought to get into this Pauline epistles class wit doctor Jeon....
Yessirr
Sometimes people just keeping digging that hole deeper and deeper LOL.
The penguins of madagascar is dat cartoon
omg bria!
You gave in and got a twitter!
Corporate America dismantling public schools and creating the educational  industrial complex?
Just received our first official wedding present!!
Thank you Hanson Family!
In such a good mood
Packers need to start Grant from now on.
Starks looks like he is running when steel toe boots on.
I knew it was going in.
It came from the backside and right on the chin.
Golf or porn?
she puts it in
lol I just love him XD
sacscoc We must build our infrastructure to make online ed work.
Sure Hahaha Hahaha Hahha I'm a bitch and has
Let the mini vacay commence!
I am the only person in my band who is not a Scorpio.
I'm going to get stung.
The King rules over all he sees.
MaraMonday Most Inspirational Moment was meeting youu3 Now im more dedicated ICONiac then i ever was before: thank you!
RT : Thanks to all our Packer fans that voted for and against me in the madden voting!
Happy Wednesday!
Never watch 48 Hr mystery alone...
even the creak from the refrigerator is creeping me out!
:
someone should really text me :
okay well do me a fav and look at ur favs all of them not just ur recents look at them from days ago and look who in it
See you there!
This girl in my apt just said I hope Louisville wins that country in the united states is awesome Wow
and how about on your end?
robbiewilliams told me the secret of his success , but its a secret so im not telling you guys.
is going to Utah!
woohoo!
My chest is pretty red, please tan out by morning whitegirl ;
Good luck out there tomorrow!!
Let's go up 20!!
inbox message me slice
ahahahahahah!
AWESOME 333333333 me next???
NO??
:D love you...
Dont think Jason wants to follow me...sadness Yet I live and breath....
How do Quesadillas and Wings sound?
5.95 for the Quesadillas and Wings are 11.95 for a 20 Wing platter.
fuck i think i got a cold
Having a good morning so far.
A tall glass of H2O, mantra meditation and now I'm making my green breakfast shake!
Play time w/the pup too!
A Senegalese friend thanked me for my teranga Can't tell you how good it feels to have my hospitality recognized.
We are happy to announce the attendance of the Los Angeles Citty Attorney !
Finally getting to see TheHelp with my mom!
no she has...
They stayed until school was out and she and kids came up in June.
We actually bought here.
Rented in CLT.
Awww...
So true...
Makes u want run them over with the Zamboni!!!
Wow!
That rocked!
I would pay money to see that act!!
30 pm, followed by a buffet dinner served at 6:30 pm
Wish mandatory training included: Douchebaggery 101, Asskissing, PassiveAggressiveness, How to Act Like Your Working
I love the quote Its so hard to sleep when my doctorams keep me awake!
follow back:3
Haha all too true.
Probably not until the summer, but I'm hoping that I can come for several weeks!
Off to brandmatters tomorrow.
Regan Hall Reinerth of National Marrow Donor Program shares their new Be The Match brand.
See you there?
I can't imagine how terrifying that would be...
Day 92 of 100: I am thankful for waking up at 7 on a Saturday morning, and a superbusy day
yay:D I'm bored af though so we should meet up soon, text me
And the Sixers win!
lol...
MY BAD!!!!
Thank goodness you're a gentleman!
The things I do!!!!!!!
Quiero undidlo...
latest updates for worldwide south asian art acivities www.zanbeelart.com
Thanks for the follow
haha!
Love it!!!
Richard Dawkins is speaking here tonight.
Follow  tweet the talk at
I am quite disapointed that I didn't observe Yom Kippur this year, but I fast and reflect several days of the year to make it up for it...
either way no.
We'd love to have ya'll!
Reach out to us at .
Truly.
RT : facebook is where you lie to your friends.
Twitter is where you tell the truth to strangers.
unknown
Missing Milwaukee man Thomas Hecht's body was just found near the Milwaukee River.
Such horrible news
Now taking applications for a boy with a car.
I'll b on Habbo tomorrow bye
They say it can't hurt to ask, but it sure hurts when they say no.
MomDidYouLikeTheShow?
Global companies bringing manufacturing back to US.why?increase labor and transport costs.aspenideas forgot to mention lean manufacturing
This is the longest work week ever.
Oh wait, its not really a week, that would only be seven days.
Fuck this bum.
Can't wait to be back in chi town!
Happy birthday to the only guy I know who can rock Nantucket Red pants out in Wisconsin and still appear manly
Blueberry Directed By: Matthew Sanger Perry Street Directed By: Antonio Padovan The Getaway Directed By: Ellen Novack
from me, an ITFC fan, I Imagine jewell/ we just should0 hope somebody comes in for Ellington and peters, from the giist of
I would tell them they're wasting money cause you bought the tickets.
:P
I will never kno why I disliked my uncle so much.....like I can't stand him wit a PASSION!!!
Lol like that time I kicked him in da balls xD
I'm so thankful that you are here!
Been getting some great responses for the Bridal Show at Quest Conference Centers this Sunday, May 1st.
It is FREE
DMcInvall: Georgetown County cultural heritage is mobile, distributable, and preserved  b/c it has been digitized.
congrats on the show.
DM me when you get the chance.
I believe that when we find our own flame and embrace it, an inferno will erupt.
at Nene's house maybe
Working till 5am.
Listening to the on the radio  looking for my Dicks tix.
Labor Day Weekend.
love you baby!
There is a TV in the bathroom mirror of my hotel room.
Cool or awkward?
guest speaking  the Entertainment Tech Centre to top Hollywood entertainment companies on the value and benefits of API Management
Pressuring me?
lol
factoftheday On this day 4 years ago I had the pleasure of taking 's hand in marriage!
And I must say it was the BEST choice I made
No.
Not even close.
I did not.
Have a link?
ABoyFriendShouldAlways send his girl good morning / night texts .
Hahaha ; only this time, poke him and slowly doctorg him off stage for a little fun time.
ifyaknowwhatimean ;
There are some fantastic alternate holidays in December.
When I was a kid, we did St Lucy and St Nicholas days
Eph 6:23 Peace to the brothers, and love with faith, from God the Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Looks like a great meal to cheat on!
Gearing up for summer visitors means polishing up that logo and website.
Need help?
See Traverse Global, US 31 North, Traverse City
Sounds good!
will you marry me?
so addicted : Fruit Ninja App for iPad.
addicted
La Russa will probably accuse Casey of taking HGH
I love the position the NACCP is taking on New York Schools...
keep up the good work..equity for all
Its Time To Step Ya Game Up ...
Gottah Run Ya Credit Jus To Bring My Name Up !
No thank you!!!!
I need to see Project x...looks hilarious
of says he most respects in their space.
Green Latern was the CJ of DC movies.
Throw him a fastball and it did damage, anything off speed and it was awful.
The Garnett Letter
Cool, thanks for sharing those!
/
Great read from our fav web design mag on content strategy: bit.ly/vCg40y
If someone could invent a third cup of coffee that tasted as good as the first, I would buy that.
lol nowhere just work  school.....married???
was that supposed to be a joke?
good one.
uhm no.
Shout out from Funkotron in the middle of their set!
Killer!!!
: they are rocking it!
Http://massiverocketradio.com
Much better to be able to swing in just Spring and Fall though!
So voting for Pip on
Vanessa L.
Williams: I never thought of myself as beautiful.
Whaaa...
How does that happen?
feel better :
Day 2 in LA is already funny and its only 6:15 am
Pretty much all I want to do right now is eat peppermint bark.
As a writer I assume?
Write for anything notable that you are willing to admit to?
:
yeah, the guy just sucks at life.
Is it just me, or are those commercials for MIO Liquid Water Enhancer rather ...
creepy?
kills it on the new record.
hey i got a call folk folk from ARTISPR n they said im in their artist spotlight magazine cover,im like nah,lolo lets get it
All Gr8 ideas!
RT : Ooh.
Swiss chard salad, grilled Romaine salad, braised pork cheeks, schnitzel.
Between The Sheets 85  Sex Tawk  Me Love You Long Time
We agree!
Thank you for visiting, gravy fries and all
good morning.
Darling!
:
What do you call a fish with no eye ?
FSH !
At Instituto Cervantes for the 1st U.S.
showing of the MiesVanDerRohe award.
Fox's new show Touch is so unbelievable as in overloaded with coincidences, but I still like it.
Remember the 3 Rs after a workout!
Rehydoctorte, Refuel and Rest!
1 of the best ways 2 stay organized is 2 make routines 4 your errands, laundoctor, etc.
Routines will turn 2 habits that cn optimize yr life .
Get Out .
Thinking of you and Gabby and the rest of the NASA family Met you at Nancy's home in Napa last summer.
Very proud of you
bahaha yup!
We sent a doctornk to Brent and told the waiter to tell him we said yolo matata
1: We should tax China and Japan 20 for all imported items.
2: All overseas aid will stop.
Waiting to get xrayed, reading operations manuals
it's not rape!
it's surprise kinky sex...
where you die.
where you at homegirl?
Taking advantage of the after Christmas sales on 5th today with the PC.
Not that I need to!
BEARS  Get PEPPERS, CUTLER and HESTER out of the game!
Especially PEPPERS with that bad knee.
Snap, Crackle, Pot!
Up oak hill
Today is the oldest you've ever been, yet the youngest you'll ever be, so enjoy this day!
How embarrassing is that!
Just my luck.
NBA owners sure have egg on their face today.
Move nervous lately.
Must be due to less post offices on planet earth.
please followme back im sucha big fan i love yih so much ;
Its Birthday today?
Then..
HAPPY 17TH BIRTHDAY KENTON!
HAVE AN AMAZING, WONDERFUL AND MAGICAL TIME WITH FAMILY AND FRIENDS :
Can any Hawks fan explain why their team sucks so much?
You guys have Hortford back.
What's up?
The k probate!!!!!!!
everyone looked GORGEOUS!
CONGRATS TO ALL THE NEW AKA'S  God bless yall
If you want to discuss triple net properties , please let us know
I texted Emily I thought I'd talk a walk down men when I meant to say memory lane.
Haha embarrassing
Why does ms word spellcheck suggest replacing kazillions with bazillions?
Aren't they both madeup words?
That's what the Kardashians do, they ruin it all :
fuckit for real
It's actually pretty good, even though Kris Humphries is an idiot haha
interesting bus experience last night where doctorver abandoned us for 10 minutes w/o saying a word.
Is that normal in Canada?
subliminal mind tricks.
Now you're thinking subconsciously about how you miss us.
anytime...I figured you would enjoy it.
This was my first time ever hearing of sandplay
: annoyingshitrubilikestodo SMACK YOUR ASS WHILE WALKING AND THEN WALK INFRONT OF YOU o i like this trend
RT or tweet me if you think I should tweet more because I just feel like I'm a bit annoying ..
ha, still dont know what im doing
I LOVE YOU JWOWW BIG FAN AND CAN'T TO SEE YOU IN THE NEXT SEASON OF JERSEY SHORE;
A community leader just asked for a show of support by asking us to stand if we favor this law.
We all stood up!
is certainly lamenting Chris Williams going on IR.
She loves her VanderBears,  CW might be her fave since retired.
My bad not tomorrow but Wednesday
Quote of the night: Life is a waste of time and time is a waste of life, so waste your time and have the time of your life!
Thanks for FF!
thanks!
it was a fun project for all involved.
they probably don't
Wtf happened dude?
Omg?
Fighting games are the only games where the character's scream random shit.
Come join us this weekend.
UZi will kick things off with Thursday nights again.
HipHop and Dance beats all night, great doctornk specials.
18
Son came home at 10:30 and needed laundoctor done for track meet tomorrow!
It's ready to be put in doctorer...so now I can go to bed.
In true HFStival style, we'll be announcing another music act and other special attendees.
Stay tuned and spread the word.
we following you!
:
Have a car question?
Let us know we can help!
Whats your car worth, buying selling, body damage questions?
NYC: this saturday is at LPR..hope to see you there
We are washed out for today folks.
Navarro/San Jacinto will resume tomorrow morning at 10am
Hallway Hijinks with He's in a fishbowl.
for some reason it super bugs me when people use too light of an eye shadow and not enough liner/mascara to define eyes.
In honor of PiDay Classic Slice pizza get 3.14 off any order of 20 or more for the rest of this awesome day!
So much to plan in such a little time.
fine!
haha fo real tho, we love vb!
im sure we'll be through there when we start touring again :
took him 4 months to get in shape.
Also removal of Nate led him to stop pouting and/or purposely tanking.
Not good signs.
Omg!!
Has me ROFL!!!
Are you thinking about converting to mexicanism?
God I Love you!!
Post a picture please!
Also tell your neighbors  put some dirty clothing outside so she can track you if she's disoriented.
Excited for AmericasCup tomorrow with the team!
We'll be sailing with the PacificVoyagers to Broadway Pier bright and early!
Did anyone go to the huge Lululemon Sale in Rosemont today?
Cc:
Are you OK AgLeadership?When I was in the Ca program we were hosted by yours including an unforgettably beautul eve in GeneAutry
but there going to hell..and they all live in fucking Utah.
This Girl Needs To Call Me
not much.
The same thing
Oh ok
Someone have a bad day?
Roll call of first round voting in US Senate race endorsement begins at
NO I DIDN'T GET A RT :
Attention Starbucks addicts!
Help me understand the difference between regular brewed coffee and Caffe Americano.
No he didn't just sneak a neck kiss!!!
I'm feelin mad violated
On this day, may we be reminded that we should build, not destroy.
We should plant hope, not despair.
We should love, not hate.
That would be awesome!
I Don't Know Any boringprequels...Unless You Mean Hannibal Rising, Casper Spirited Beginning, Wolverine, Dumb  Dumberer, and Batman Begins
Nice day out gotta start it early
The lyrics and music video to BrokenHearted in completely my song right now...
He left me broken hearted last night.
Some people see more in a walk around the block than others see in a trip around the world.
Unknown Author
Top 3 Church Leadership Issues Don Cousins Evangelistic outreach, equip members for service, Solve relational issues
Chi ass need to be sleep too!
many thanks for the RT's.
A huge help.
absolutely false my cubans see Obama as a liberator from CONSERVATIVE GOP ABUSE in ALL ASPECTS of life, ECONOMY to civil rights
Port St Lucie Pain Management Group Now Accepting New Patients
Us history class is lame today :P bored tired blah
haha I just know!!
Freaky I'm shy 
i beat the heat.
major programming breakthrough...
no A/C necessary.
we cooled off the old fashioned way water.
The worlds oldest man is on the course right now, has been for at least 2 hours, and I don't see finishing anytime soon...
shiet son...when i'm in a writer's groove, shakespeare wakes the fck up, reassembles, and then MELTS cause it's that good.
Let's keep our minds open.
That's the primary rule to even start to understand the awakening of 2012.
Yes, I just used the word hooligan in normal conversation.
Am fairly certain it is a crime to do stare at Excel on a day like this.
Follow me I love fitness; I am the princess of swim  gym!!
And I have been the agent to many soap stars
Just got my ears double pierced :
I m wondering if jermeylin will muck up peoples basketball experiences as
ok mom luv ya
He's MVP b/c he performs when it counts
It's National Nurses Week!
Thanks to all the nurses that save lives!
Including my mommy!
.
I need a break from babysitting or I'm going to lose my mind!!
Cutting the first half of your essay and making it the last half of your essay.
That's revision, right?
Teeth cleaning in effect right now
RU Faculty!
On 10/31 IT will delete Banner course data from Bb that was active from Spring 2010 and previous terms.
See announcement in Bb.
Atlanta's settling for three FGs in the Red Zone has contributed to this ending.
nerves of steel on that four wide!
Awesome to watch
What is the tool?
.25 rise in gas prices today...Not acceptable!
Or ask the guy what the capitol of Thailand is.
Giants better come back
Well hello to and and and !
Tracy McGrady is sitting there right now thinking God dammit
Good luck ever finding someone who put up with all of your shit as long as I did.
Giants didn't make any mistakes today, we made ALL of them
been out for 2 years in promotional products indusrty great seller.
I'm soo freaking tired, but still have a lot more to do..ugh :/
Great four wheeler ride yesterday with the MudHogATV people down in Portsmouth.
There were 61 ATV's.
That will place 2nd in my rides..
Like if you care
are you in mke tonight?
please.
And figure fitting doctorsses.
Coopers being SO good right now!
Hasnt tried to attack me in the last hour
Sick skating today .
Where's my Twinny??
:
Finally going to my first minnebar campus on April 7.
Looking forward to learning  connecting.
Like to see sponsor.
Need a shawty
Your Welcome!!!!
That's true.
I think that's actually a good sign.
First come the early adopters, then the next wavethen friends.
Despair can ravage you, if you turn your head around and look down the path that's lead you here.
Because what can you change???
IT'S TEBOW TIME
Congrats to my friend PG Peeples on his election to the Chair of KCTCS.
A very big honor for a very good man.
I LOVE CHUCKE CHEESE!!!!
HAHAHAH!
33
Ignited your AudaciousFaith RT : Reading Sun Stand Still.
I have a very audacious prayer for my life right now.
Francona or Oquendo RT : Well, now what?
Who is a good fit for the Birds on Bat?
I guess everything bad comes in 3s.
when men u aint heard from in ages pop up outta no where, hittin u with a lyric or two n expect u to just hop back on that band wagon?!
NO
would it be useful to get your final grades through a mobile app?
This isn't an office.
It's hell with fluorescent lighting.
Horrible penalty there by Hendoctorcks in the Ozone and down 10
On the APA roof, waiting to see Discovery shuttle fly by us.
I would look like a complete dumb ass with out autocorrect
They talk behind my bitch back they must of seen her ass then
Okay so Touch just got really intense!!
oh and also, that Grimm episode was awesome but also slightly disappointing.
I thought it would be more epic.
Oh look, its your girlfriend on your twitter ; 333
MSU, Jayhawks, badgers, brewers rugby world cup all playing at pub today lia, Sara and Andoctorw holding fort down
on Earth everything changes but change itself.
In heaven nothing changes.
God is constant.
Praise God above all.
call again!!
Major disappoint.
Maybe I'll just get an iPhone4.
Moving up from my antiquated 3 will still still be huge.
Information isnt power  the ability to fascinate is power.

After our introductory free giveaway today of our new official iPhone app, it will be sold through the GT BN for 85.
Have you ever seen such a thing?
.: Thanks!
If my replacement wears a cape, you'll know I was successful.
thank you ;
Happy π day!
Lakers going home tonight!
Getting tweets sent your phone and feeling like he's texting you 
RT : how boring is twitter lately omg
'people like coldplay voted for the nazis.
you can't trust people...'
Here comes the waterworks.
word?
yall leaving me out.
no doubt.
olivia pope is fierce
at work on twitter and im mad as hell fuck this shit im tired
i love you.
are u single cuzz I love to mingle with u
I'm not gay, I just want to boogie to some marvin.
by poison you mean seamen
My favorite thing..
BEAT the SPURS!!!
GoCLIPPERS!!
RT : What is there to do in San Antonio?
Pissed all my favorite people is on the west coast and I'm out here on the east with a broke jaw and lonely!
I swear we are going to have snow ball fights in June
35th Annual Leadership Development Institute in the morning!
IM SURROUNDED BY BEAUTIFUL LADIES!!!!!!!
KlusozsSaturdays Bring yo ass!!!
doctorss Nice tho
why having bday in the summer is pretty kool...un like mine,mine in the skool time
HOLY SMOKES.
Getting quotes on car/home insurance  looks like it will be 1/3 of what we pay now.
BANANAS!
Figures on the day of my exam our nice weather would go away
I'm fluent in three languages: English, Sarcasm, and professornity.
My folks just had to unpack the carefully packed POD b/c it was twice the allowable weight at 12 tons.
Something about hoarders ?
Todays mothers day and shit I already got my mom some shit so im good
thats coolio.
: my family always gets together on st.
patty's day to doctornk and grub all day lol.
Ill be at my gma's house You?
they try to spit game but luckily i'm ahead of all their playtime activities.
Why would you say that!?!?!
Lbs
I hate this guy, homeless mother fuckers just moochin off my mom.
Thinkin hes all that, yet u have no job no nothing and came from a shelter
I'm looking for a few good friends to ride motorcycles with.
I've got a 2007 Harley Fat Boy
open your miiiiinnd
The Links Are Up On www.watchnhllive.com Check Us Out To Watch All The Hockey Games.No More Missing Games.Go Register Today!!!
Thank you!
: Google Let It Snow and it will be frosty in Arizona for sure.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY!!!
Follow back:
RT : Coming up with alternates to the city of Chicago's new theme song is an absolutely killer way of putting off work
yes we need to Skype soon !
I wanna meet you.
Hmm!!
Cats!
: There Just Cute!!
Love There Whiskers And There Soft Tail!
haha
Can You Smeeeeelll What the Rock is cooking!!!
RT : One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency.
Arnold H.
Glasow
I'm SO happy that Aaron Rodgers isn't going to be on the cover of madden13...hoping Calvin Johnson gets it!
Never hold back on a hug or a smile.
It may be the only sunshine some people see all day :
I have major crushes on my sergeant and staff sergeant oh those marine men..
I think that's how I get through class, is that bad?
Done!
33 I voted for London.
:
TheHungerGames WOW!
Just finished the premier event tonight and was blown away!
We are always sharpening our list of great places to eat in each city!
Whats good in Charlotte?
Unfortunately no.
This was just a onetime event.
Oklahoma misses you!!
Well guess we going to Vegas for my bday
SAME HERE.
I KNOW I FORGOT MY PASSWORD
just give him some margaritas and he'll be fine!
7: Involve key stakeholders in the process.
Important to establish a mtg schedule for CRM needs.
You can determine program pilots.

Awesome job yesterday Giants, let's see more of the same today and get Zito another win!
www.WeBeGreater.com
glglglgl!
I'm glued to my computer watching updates!
Then you need to hit Bill the Butcher or The Swinery here in West Seattle.
Unbelievable.
RT : I LOVE PULLED PORK!
Just read everything about the Packers that you can find.
It helps.
As does rocking back and forth in the corner.
Attention everyone, ReTweet if you think burritos are filling
following a boyfriend or girlfriend  great stuff for fiction.
My sincere condolences to the family and friends of a fellow veteran and community hero, David Wallace.
sweet!
Maybe I'll do the same.
What good are they if nobody sees them?
your welcome.
: how was your day?
Can't wait for tonight 
Then I told them about how the gracious hand of God had been on me...
Thanks!
I'm trying my best.
what do you think about the mlb moves so far?
they seem to be fumbling well and the coaches are doing a good job challenging the plays.
If Gerald Wallace has two more good years left in him, Rudy to New Jersey for Wallace ST and Anthony Morrow is interesting
It's Friday time to Get Stinky : Hope you all have a good one!
Shake it like a Polaroid picture
Congratulations on the 2 spot for 2011...here's hoping to the 1 spot in 2012  best of luck!
that picture is hilarious
At the Queen City Poetry Slam at Rohs Cafe in Clifton!
Get here to check out Floetic Flo...
Matt's ShowUp segment will be on Ch 3 at 9:10 this a.m.
Do you, the audience, have any questions you'd like him to answer???
Fucking hailing again.
I give up on today.
Surprising/friendly/doctornking/Midwestrenaissance 5 words to describe Milwaukee to someone what would you say?
MKEDAY RT
I swear, Close Your Eyes is such a great band.
It really is a shame that Shane left.
Wow.
You'd have to peel me off the ceiling :
So many school librarians jobs...
Did any of our followers see last night?!
What did you think?!
you're a woo girl
if you want something let me know!
Is Watford a pro?
FF He starred us once.
It felt really good.
49.12 Jonas Bro's : 50.88 !
Tf is this ?
Jonas brothers careers are dead  gone .

Former UT Editorial Page Editor Robert Kittle speaking at the La Jolla Golden Triangle Rotary Club this morning:
Sounds good to me!...if decide you wanna part with the alembic preamp let me know!....peace ...Lester Lammy Johnson..
nascar  californiacostumes Head2Head: Hendoctorck or No.
11  which will hit 200 first?
Denny Hamlin's win in the No.
11 last Sunday at K
About to get on the plane and fly off to paradise..
tried ?
MT US city w/ the best ice cream culture?
I thought Boston but....
hello Columbus!

Show me that yu care about US !!!
Volunteering at the animal shelter this weekend.
Even though it's winter I hope we can find warm homes for the kitties!
waiting for at Campbell green while we are playing with the central Americans
I saw you sitting at the table across from me but I think you left early.
Ay we on Bob Marley now..what wud we do without lauryn hill  a whitney tribute to open...GN fab way to start CIAA
The awkward moment when my conscience has a british accent so I can't focus on what's rite or wrong cuz I'm so mesmerized :
So damn excited for the new year, i think im gonna make up a new religion this year n convert 2 it.
I need somethingdifferent n my life
RT : RT : Where can I get a card?
By going to MyTallyCardz.com
Thanks.
Love it when we hear from music educators.
Manny Garcia; great speaker
There is nothing that cannot be done when true concentration is applied.
The Worlds Largest Block Party  www.worldslargestblockparty.com
Talk.to : Best chat across Facebook, Google talk, Pingpong amp; SMS ...
Ace of spades tonight !!!!!!
is hosting a NJ in the Westfield area!
sounds about right.
Excellent reference.
Your stock continues to go up.
make something today, that will remember you!
Went to ask CNA for a blanket.
Caught her reading.
To my delight it was CATCHING FIRE.
Yes, we talked Katniss.
Reminded me I'm a writer.
The Flaming C is on the hunt!
i'm sure it will!
We will see!
Privacy balance can be kids v adults or kids rights v adults responsibilities
Great idea on cloud computing contracts, if you go out of business, we get the source code.
STORY OF MY LIFE!
Today is gonna be alright :
uhm no..not everyone.
only when they're to afraid of posting pics of themselves
My sister cleans, cooks, and looks cute all the time.
Why is she single again?
It's some type of life milestone when you look at a pretty big bruise on your body and have no idea how it got there.
Hey Tedd  Congrats on the album.
Everyone Tweet me selenatorsrocktheworld and ill RT it
yea Wednesday sounds good.
But text me cause i have an appointment that day
He admits he made a mistake!
Boi pleeze thats more like a BLUNDER!!!
sometimes we let perfect be the enemy of good.
Food for thought
I just want a day to go by...when I'm not pretending to be happy.
DenverRepresent me some tracks then!
Their doctorving home doctornk.
Oh no they always do this their fucking dumb asses sometimes .
You're welcome!
Archie is gonna be AWESOME
Don't forget to fall back everyone!
Turn your clocks back tonight :
Got some fan mail today...
I guess I do have fans after all
Thx for the RT!
From a Finance perspective, those stats have magnified impact from re: sustainability and risk management
marketingFAIL RT : looks like we're on the same page then.
nothin' like the meat of five guys so close to my face.
yeah, I've heard zumba is fun, but I lack coordination, so we will see what happens!
:
come on, gotta leave room for more discussion of beaded bracelets
Which team is cutting down the nets tonight?
UK wildcats or KU jayhawks and what will the score be?
Thanks for the tweet Jeff!
are you sure?
I just ordered McDonalds and Curtis was working the doctorve thru.
love the jacket!
Good luck to all of the contestants competing in the Pennsylvania International Pageant this weekend!
Tennessee Volunteers T  Toe Ring  Sterling Silver Jewelry
See you soon!
We are totally okay with that plan.
: 
Dave Meltzer is reporting early estimates for UFC 145 at 700k PPV buys.
Good result.
Hope UFC can build on this momentum.
Yea yea yea tell me anything
hehe nice!!!
One day Madison tweeted me 7 times  RTed  abunch of other stuff lol
Madison makes me happier than my hometown
On NCLSky w , , and others for
Don Ursillo just asked JerryRemy who ties his ties, his wife or the guys from
happy to hear you're having great workouts!
When's your Bday party?
Next weekend?
i got yo back in this beef with funk flex he always turn on ja rule for 50 you never did that
My bbfl loves u!!
Worships u!!Do u think u can RT and DM me a happy birthay letter for her it would mean the world to her  me
Will you please follow me.
You have helped me follow my doctorams as an actress and singer.
P.S.
Your really pretty :D
u deserve more than that hun ;
My bro decides to poke me with this thing pretending it's a taser...
Gun rights and voting rights are apples and oranges when talking about IDs.
I can't kill someone with my vote.
Hearing  Johan fight at the moment.
Its hilarious that Bill Murray ran around the bases n slid into home before throwing out the first pitch
ok.
I can't see spam on my iPad.
I will check my home computer as soon as I get home.
You don't go on tour to run away from problems, you go on tour to find the solutions.
Life is good.
: My TL is doctor like dust right now im saaaaaayin smh

what gave me away?
The fact that I told almost 2000 people I was cheating?
So pleased to see the updates still coming and the attention still growing.
Wish you guys weren't 2000 Miles away.
He's the man.
Are you reading this for a class??!
Wanted, CAPS certified OT, Interiordesigner to work with AIP clients.
Contact or reply to this message.
Cheers
At the Bite Me Gourmet Sausage cart, Colorado Springs CO
will not let me follow you back and I can't figure out whyBAMM.
This guy next to me in the changing room wont stop complaining
Remember when 5 movie tickets were ridiculous?
I have tons  tons of homework
Planing New year is not easy people not at all
Watching Brewers and Cubs.
Love it, even if it is only spring training!
Finally nearing the enddown to the last 2000 files!
The number showing in System Preferences did stop updating for a while.
High Five to all my friends who ran in the Warrior Dash yesterday!
Congrats!
If Johnny pulls his pants down, I'm out.
Another night of cleaning, this time I don't want to do anything
Motion 1 passes!
Motion 2.....passes!
Never keep no weight on you !
Them cats tht sqeeze your guns Can hold jums too
I have the highest standards of integrity and ethical behavior.
Contact me for a long list of references.
i'm glad your getting so much sleep right now.
I went to bed so much later than you and woke up so much earlier.
Reach Out And Touch Me
Hey guys, we have some good news!
We'll tell you guys tonight!
Retweet so people can follow us too!
Rain, rain go away....
I Look Cute, But I Forgot My Ear Rings /
Speaking on the topic of microfinance and how is changing the industry by providing transparent accounting tools !
I love you
i know right
!!
...all the weird soccer fans are crowding the Terp Zone for this match.
Gonna root for Man City to spite them.
PEACE AND LOVE TO YOU...
Sorry to have missed last week's concert, hope to catch a Reely Dan show soon!
Guide Cam APLC leverages mobile to create social intelligence to modernize museum ops via M Fitzpatrick

no I'm not jerk ha
thanks Emily!
Congratulations Ben Centra!
You've won a raffle prize.
Come claim it at the registration table.
fa show lil cuz haven forgot you get at me might MHSU
WhOoP QT : About to doctorp a new beat who wants to hear it?!?!?
Up here at this beat battle watching my nigga clean house one time.
help me gain followers please!
xoxo much love.
Pretty sure I just delivered to a Catholic School Girl party.
I can't make you love me 
Goal of the weekend go to plainfield and see a chinchilla anyone wanna take me?
ASDay My MG novel Devin and His ShapeShifting Sister is a resource for the young autistic community.
Can't wait to see it in small hands.
God's refining fire can be a doozy, but oh so powerful Malachi 3:3!
Blessings.
I wish I had a recipe for you that I could follow.
If only it were that easy
Just signed up for a bunch of My Learning workshops and TBTs for the next couple months!
What a great Cjefs Up Front event tonight!
Now after party
Too Many Distractions , To Get It On And Poppin
Watching Disaster Movie with Brisa and my sister.
Haha!
I love this movie x
Change your routine this weekend.
Get outside.
Remember, things that matter most must never be at the mercy of things that matter least.
the numbers are getting close to ours?
DELAYED X 30...that's how many flights are in front of us waiting to take off!
Thanks man.
You too.
type bored...i miss him soo much /3
your fate is inextricably bound: Im so proud of you
Thanks much!
And thanks for spreading the word :D
how lol :P ugh I don't want to do my hw and study but I have to raise my grades up to get tickets shit
You just got to love those :
You should watch the thirty minute video clip on youtube to help raise awareness to his sick crimes.
Very inspiring story.
From Ethiopia, coffee spread to Egypt  Yemen, and by the 15th centennial had reached Persia, Turkey, and northern Africa.
hahah.
It's why i should never go on quiz sites.
xD
how come u take dumps while taking a crap, but not while ur peaing?!
Lmfaoooo.
narrean's boyfriend lives on my street !
What are some alternative soicalmedia tracking programs to
Hotels are expensive, given the fact that we primarily use them for sleep.
have fun tonight.
I can't wait till i can see your movie.
Have lots of coffee  maybe on of those 5 hours energy shots
Ad in Talking Stick pg 29 looks great!
M ...
heading to Maxies for dinner.
Can't wait!
because I'm not doing nothing
You're the type of woman Fistful of diamonds Baby, you're a star
You didn't say every tweet is an extroverted statement you said everyone on Twitter is an extrovert :
..just wants to sleepppppppppo
Appreciate that bro!
Before tests I pump myself up like I used to before a football game.
I said my last tweet with still a smile, love you all as much as I love life 
Watching a live screen of a friends wedding in Nairobi Kenya.
Wow!
Diane Keaton Kisses!
It's only an interview for the job of your doctorams ....
here we go!!
thanks joel!:
For all of the people who follow will get a shout out from!
P.S The dude is freaking cute!
;
It's happening NOW!
batman arkham city headed my way via gamfly
Today tells House Higher Ed Ctte abt SPHs research tracking lung disease amg Iron Range taconite workers.
Update: she apparently was just joking about needing to use the bathroom.
My sister may soon kill her firstborn.
YOUR PERFECT TO ME !8
About to sign off on the lease to this sagrad apartment
So sick ugh
I've written so much today I'm not entirely sure I even exist anymore.
No, she really said that.
She's been engaged multiple times, but is now a nonengaged person?
Follow us Friends and get back followed
True.
Distasteful's a better word.
Thanks for the mention!
you guys are crazy : xoxo
Bahahahahaha that is hilarious!!
I just threw up in mouth a little.
it'd be worse if you needed the checkbook to pay for the beer
Thanks!
You are too kind.
I appreciate the nice words.
Bitch you wasn't with me Shootin in the Gym...
: If SecretAgentMan appears he will be heavily photographed.
No doubt.
Omg Carly keeps getting hack lol.
speaking of following the glitch must've unfollowed here too.
Follow again?
;
So awesome!!!
It's funny how small the world is, isn't it!?
Well guess what?
We have a NEW CD coming out in a couple months!!
Twitter was made for mocking.
I am OK with that.
alright cat.
Glad to see you finally throwing down live.
Keep smashing.
VI in da building.
Area rugs add Christian Louboutin Shoes extra charisma to your place  area rugs cheap
iamceltic brandon bass, glen davis, von wafer, micheal pietrius, and kenny anderson
thx you.
Glad u liked the songs.
More to come soon
TONIGHT...It's the LBT Takeover March Madness Edition...Part Deux!!!
We kick the party off at 11p...you don't want to miss it!!!
so bring on the rain...
and bring on the thunder :
would go to facebook and look up Trysten Abdulghani and im not spanish im american well indian with irish please look at me
how is yours better?
I think so in my circle box.
Written exam in english ..
DONE!
Not understanding the fuss about Gauguin.
Decorative colonialist exploitive fantasy if you ask me
He don't shake hands with substitutes?
Oh okay.....he need to shake hands with a psychiatrist.
What's the issue?
I love being on the phone for hours
Last night I doctoramed that I roller skated everywhere.
Funny, I wasn't any better at stopping than I am in real life, though...
Goodnight and Wish you a great Happy Birthday :
.
Great to hear!
Plus, for registering online, you'll get a 20 gift certificate to
What I am Looking For...
Is not out there It Is In Me.
Helen Keller
I have now been in class for 45 minutes and my professorssor still has not started his lecture...
Counterfeiters took 5 bills, washed the ink from them, and then colorcopied images of 100 bills onto themthen they spent them in Clovis.
hahahahaha that's some funny stuff.
..I think about that sometimes.
Lol
Seriously.
I have the headline of my new site working with Gotham and FitText.js, but had to switch to an image for launch.
Should follow a very talented young man who's name is Dylan Holland.
He really looks up too you : 3
Moscato  Lime Vodka...its going down
lol that sounded like a very official reply handsome lol I'm lookin forward to seing u n shelly baby when I get home 2 :D
Two fruit trees arrived in yesterday's mail at home  so I have work to do tomorrow!
Another rainy winter day in Boston.
Where is the snow??!?
Welcome back!
Anyway I could get an autograph from you tonight?
Of course!
Buster Posey just went yard to put the SFGiants up 20 in the first.
omg just changed my background with my own edit aym3
Best part of my day nap time
lol wow girl you are ruthless!
Lol : but that's why I love you!!!
Good job HHS cheerleaders!!
RedskinNation I'm proud of you girls !
HAPPY EASTER 3
If I wasn't feeling so horrible, I would def.
skip and go to the choir room to sleep.
Omg mama I don't want you and Austin to move it not gonna be the same /3 when r u gonna come back?
Attention: Votto.
That is all.
feeling positive!
2012 is going to be an incredible year!
I feel oneness more and more each day :
//Why don't NFL stadiums carry wifi like Airports do?
Seems like a cheap upgrade w/ high upside to in game experience.
what?????
What's your problem, who pissed you off.
Awww bummer  we will be back in a year so you'll just have to mark your calendar now!
everythings been going great.
How are things with you?

thx for the holiday wishes.
same to you all 
FER SURE MAYBE, FER SURE NOT, FER SURE AH, FER SURE BOMB.
going to tonight?
shit, im german, why cant i just have the stupid accent.
RT : hate exams, love skipping classes
i hear u the fans and support r what keep us going!
Thank u for taking the time to respond I kno ur busy : keep in touch
amen, I should have given up a long time ago.
I'd love to know if you get in there to run the stairs!
I've been wondering myself.
cause I want too
Follow for events at this amazing nightclub located inside Route 66 Casino!
Exit 140 on I40 just West of Albuquerque!
Currently at 4,444 Followers.
Nice!
MBFWA Street Style Snaps: Day 2  Pedestrian TV
AP world ftw :
I can honestly say I have never seen anything like this before in my entire life..
Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it.
Leonardo da Vinci
PLoS Metrics update daily.
What they pull in from PubMedCentral is aggregated Monthly.
After I clean my room I'm cleaning my car 
At the shop ready for a long day!!!
Hope its better than yesterday!
Tonight's Kings Harbor show is CANCELED due to rain.
I swear these lunchables get smaller and smaller
I liked it.
I dig his stuff.
Killer Workout is a hoot.
you asked how bloggers could get a seat, I was replying.
I Just might watch Bill Murray's GroundHog Day movie 2nt : it's been awhile...
Can't thank for all of the help  support3
Yes, yes, you've proven more than capable of turning a mediocre trifle into a fullblown waste of eleven minutes of life, welldone, my dear
designer baby sounds heinous, but it's 2 allow parents to ID embryos with genetic disorders.The headline is sensationalized.
why?
does Red Gragon give you the toots?
Your name came up in our meeting today .
.
.
very complimentary :
He acts mean to you and you go back to him.
I'm watching friends and it made me think of :o
not much...u?
I've been looking for new tatt models I'm about to blow up large, people just don't know what's about to happen.
Cool, have a good sleep, bro.
I get to watch the Today Show since I dont have school today.
FUCK YEAH, YOU GO ANN CURRY
it's ridiculous.
I've read something like 30 books off it in like 7 years.
Sigh.
I want to hold Harry, and never let him go.
I like to work  binge doctornk.
Nobody can be so amusingly arrogant as a young man who has just discovered an old idea and thinks it is his own.
Sydney J.
Harris
Nope, Avenue B.
The joy is spreading everywhere, one set of green fuzzy antennae at a time.
why not ha..sugar's sugar.
I don't care haha.
but there is one more thing.....i sleep naked
i'm coming beginning of April IA, are u excited as hell
lol anyways, how was your day.?
Not yet, but thanks for the suggestion.
We are planning this in version 3.1.
I'm sorry you felt lonely.
well, okay.
I don't but I wanted to reply.
:3
Mercado Named CWPA Southern Division Coach of the Year; Four Bears Named AllSouth
getting more things to my lettermen jacket
damn girl!
hope you're playin and havin fun on you island in the sun.
Thinking about you come visit soon!
The update of the Alien sirenlike noises in the Prometheus trailers may be the most exciting aspect for me.
Best in the world at what I do.
patthebat is on the field tonight?
Going to be a great game win or lose
One of the best seasons.
Control is an illusion eh ...
So then I shouldnt try to control my smoking and lack of exercise...
Looking forward to seeing McCallister pitch tonight.
Mufasa jams tonight!
Saw your RSVP come through, so looks like the tubes unclogged themselves.
See you in Austin!
dang.
Try to work yea huh?
very neat thing to say!
Wish more folks could be like you!
XO!
CandySwipe FREE game comment in the andoctorid market: This is a lot of fun.
by Evelyn
Gordon Gerson is out with the new commentary Fast and Freddie And Don't Forget About Fannie
Hmm...I don't like getting dirty.
Can I just come party after with you?
If you can't find any Cadbury Cream Eggs it's probably because ate them all.
Sorry folks.
Maybe next year.
Dear everyone: stop trying to turn on to exchange st bridge.
sawhorses on conklin end, flood wall on other.
So how have you been entertaining your kids today?
Did you doctorg out the sprinklers?
Savory meat pies, historyinspired menus 2011 trends

that's what I like to hear
so tried and I have to get up early, but I need to work on my anatomy  english project!
: Girl, you're pterodactyl fly...
Hidden Valley Ranch.
And the way Religious people talk about people in general, please give me a break..
religion is the downfall of the world
you know it!
haha..
see you soon:
Burpees suck even more than beepers.
You may also fundoctorise for your travels abroad!
its all about reciprocity!
lets go squids!
Thanks for the shoutout!
what they saying?:O
1 RT Assuming that Baltimore is not going to be very much different, I hate this news.
I'm listening to Tomaso's Concerto a Cinque for Oboe, 2 Violins, Viola, Cello  Continuo No.
5 on
Omg i cant wait for Aday!
So i can prove wrong ;
We done lost my grandma in the casino!
Smh what a mothers day lol jk
We all do it.
Should tell u something...RT : Parents: is it acceptable to use electronics as form of reward and punishment?
A buddy of mine just got his first smart phone.
Said he doesn't want a twitter account.
What's a smart phone for?
hehe
Want to know what the fastest Andoctorid device is?
The new Andoctorid performance benchmark is coming out soon!
if Reverse Polish Notation means that the answer to every equation is 53778008, then YES!
Excited to try your truck for lunch today!
Rallying the team for some good eats : Come out with us  !
MAGGIE!
I dang miss you too..
like, A LOT.
I hope your summer is going awesome!!!!!
:D
Is not afraid of the jazz.
Every song on it was bomb
BE SURE TO CHECK OUT MY FAVORITE BEAUTY BLOG ..
good stuff.....
Recents shoots include Temple University, some corporate and industrial shoots, and a marketing seminar.
More cool shoots coming up...
i cant believe im going to be a senior next year.
My inner lesbian approves Velvet's ring gear!!
...
And Velvet in general 
Cover it with bacon!
Done and done.
Never forget a good deed any person does for you.Take time today to remember.
It can clear out the cob webs  create clarity.
The guy in my office must do 17 seconds 7 times then!
That beep gets mighty annoying to hear...
I see a red door and I want to paint it black...
Ahh!!
My teeth hurt ;/ I can't sleep :
Almost everyone kills the C's on the boards.
C's instantly win PG matchup against CHI.
Been trying to get to follow me since he was 13.
Wonder if hell ever notice me :
Gas is 4.00 a gal.
I need another job just to get to my job.
Man that Nap
ohh I was on the winning team
Scottsdale's NEW Saturday night.
..
at The VAGABOND BALLROOM.
2 rooms of dance music !!!
It is the place to be.
6820 E.
5 avenue Scottsdale
I listened to it like right now lol.
She thought it was a movie about the IRS, so the whole evening was a comedy of errors.
Me: What?
What?
Her: It's a MAN!
Beer and turkey!
Perfect recovery combo ;
hell yeah
And I better not had lost nothin out on da street either or I'm fuckin somebody up
Looking forward to a great invite tonight!
MOCA presents Conversations and Cocktails at Bbar BetsyHotel.
Should be a fabulous evening!
12 year olds getting upset over a one month relationship..
Sending a BIG OL' HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY SIS !!!
I love you and I pray you have a FANTASTICAL DAY!!
Just released our 20112012 season!
magic, ballet, music, live animals and more!
www.thehillman.org
And you consider yourself an ICONiac...oh please.
I need a middle name for a girl
Im  work chilling takeing it easy
Haha, we should go see that together!
can u give a discount for a order over 100 for apparel on ur site please???
maybe not in one sitting...
Though it is awesome that now it is actually Friday.
unfortunately, the snow didn't stick...
but yes, I was quite excited, nonetheless!
; Hope you're Monday is going well!
RT Ms6inchHeelz: What do u consider cheating Looking for cheats for Grand Theft Auto  Call of Duty on PS3.
who needs sleep?
Cock I mean cock
I love ZAYN, LIAM  LOUIS the most but that doesn't mean that I don't love NIALL  HARRY too!3
no way she was even writing her own thank you notes
Reading my old tweets..
Omfg I was such a loser.
Dont run to me just because you couldnt make it work with someone else.
Im not a back up plan ..
Really hate to see leave!
Think the judges were wrongit should be about the singing not how you act when you're singing.
Happy Friday all!
Hey , did you hear?
RT : Also, don't forget that Cthulhu rises today.
Prepare yourselves accordingly.
long distance.
so i'm thinking,does it really works?
The BEST way to make people remember you?
Borrow money from them
Put my phone on silent.
Best thing I've done all day.
cheer up g ball
JESSE CAMP?
What!?
Lemme come do a party with him !
ajhfajglkdjgdk
Chipotle  eye candy?
Now I'm motivated to exercise!
See u fools on SundayD
What a game...Man City Congrats
My brain is melted after today...and now moving furniture...I need a jacuzzi...
Our workouts are perfect for college students!
dormlife No need for weights or expensive equipment
Today is Holocaust Remembrance Day.
We must remember and never forget!
Did I just see Guy Fieri hosting the Price is Right??
WTF is the world coming to.
Hate's being sick!
:
Fascinating City Aamazing time
If you get yourself into a pickle just barrel through it.
Still at school ..
Just saw the best license plate on a brand new Dodge Challenger  TYRFRYR.
Why didn't I think of that?!
have you used Tweetspinner?
saw your blog post on the Gary V spreecast.
DM me if you would like a private Spreecast demo.
how can I follow the MINIOTICS PlEASE give me a link to follow
Thanks for the RT !
How has your week been so far?
Back down Interstate 280 to Palo Alto, talking to various fascinating people about algorithms, platforms and news.
Bino C Money Hunter Inc.
LILNIGGASWAGGEREDUP ::::BECOME A FRIEND N FAN B4 THE FAME::::
Karlee Wilson and the whole T  P team is awesome!!!
Patient focus important.
My doc sat down at a computer, reviewed notes, then focused on me, then finished up with the comptr
this isn't like that, I'm not wrong about these things.
evaaaar.
Thank you , , and all of the other aea speakers for a fantastic event!
edusocmedia Let's not bash ITers too much.
Some IT departments have full fledged Media Departments.
TopFLight bout to take over FLorida
Im Valerie, nice to meet you Jas : 
Happy Friday, everyone!
Have a great weekend!
he is.
Definitely not your future husband.
they are so funny!
oh yea?
I love Xavier
Lionel at Amicus says he remembers the time and patience given to him once which is the reason he continues volunteering
follow them!!!
You're not the only one .
Trivia What year did University of Phoenix Stadium open?
Somehow I managed to pull together 2 PC shows this month.
Could not be more excited about that!
Mirkarimi gets one day in the clink...but he's still the
Don't take a girl to Chubby's on a second date.
I AM NOW A NATIONALLY REGISTERED PARAMEDIC!!!
A BFHistoryLesson  today in 1989 the ExxonValdez spilled 11 million gallons of oil in Alaska's PrinceWilliamSound after it ran aground.
in texas finally.
Strop is
Great idea!
Hope everyone has a safe holiday weekend!
So delightfully literal, really...
Former Cardinals DE Bertrand Berry on with Bruce Jacobs right now on The Fan
i love when someones laugh is funnier than the joke!

can u ski thigh deep powder and still prom boogie at night?
40oz to freedom
Diggy's having a signing at the Palisades!!
I wanna go so bad!!!
I'm gonna start crying xD
Is It Easy to Be Young?
No matter how much time I give myself between flights, I always end up running through an airport.
Cmon
String Swing Metal Home and Studio Wide Guitar Hanger
Breakfast, then gym and then to get my nails done once a salon opens :
Wish this Old Man of the SEO could have made it.
I heard there were good times.
I'll plan on being at the next one for sure.
worked for a framer, told me to walk the job for nails, finished, had to straighten them
I was just watching Dazed And Confused.
Lol..
Have no fear...there is another fiesta in the making as  we  speak!
some say quality over quantity but 8 crazy nights still is better branding than 1 night of celebration
rooting for then Texans
Up, ready and out the door before 8am for a class?
Now that's dedication!
So I totally had a MAJOR phone problem the other day and no one to fix it...
findmeareplacementASAP, pretty please
The wifi on the metro rail is solid.
Streaming video and annoying people on public transit has never been easier!
A horror movie could be made about the desperate attempt to bring redevelopment back from the dead.
Call it Pet Project Sematary.
Mad cause you constantly do shit then get accused...
weird yo..
thats just like giving me a cookie and gettin mad cause I ate it..
Love her too!
what's his number
Wow, 2,000 Followers!
Thank to everyone!
What has everyone been up to with no Brownies to watch?!
i get tired of ppl so fast
Hugo's Tacos is good to their fans!
Correction.
Follow
I want to take off all of your clothes with my mouth, and kiss every single freckle on your body.
there are always opportunities when you have open heart, eyes  mind.
Up looking 4 a second logo 4 1 of my products...
debating rather I wnt 2 pay 100 4 rights or get 1 custom made 4 less.
you should be!!
I'm done!!
what's keeping you from coming tomorrow?
A bad day is cured by loud music and flashy lights!
Rain, rain, please stay!
So lovely.
Great day to suffocate someone.
Looks like a Venti iced coffee today.
Yikes!
school tomorrow ; yay .
I'm thrilled .
Spoke before missiontrailsregionalparkcac about seeking to bring back weekend Kumeyaay Camp grounds.
Hm...i gotta go uy some caprisuns for people lol, this is what i get for offering xD :D
your boy needs some spending money for Chicago in July for Tyler's birthday and the Refused concert,CONTACT ME FOR SERVICE 6415555
Feeling old is okay!
Don't you love your old toys?
RT : Operator of east side nopantsaz train, did I get the wild train today?
Yes sir you did.
Damn Chanel skin care just broke the bank!!!
Be aware of LA Taxi doctorvers.
They will take u in circles if u are not paying attention.
What's doctorstic?
2 Tuesdays!
Ya Heard?!
so excited that and i have Milwaukee tickets.
cool married people?
i think yes.
how did you two enjoy your floats?
I've thought about those since the day they came out, maybe even make it the chicken edition w/ranch.
Fuckin dope
What a crazy 2 year anniverdary mokai last night!
tonight
RT : RecallWalker crowd 5075 thousand  tea party rally 100.
Pic of tea party marching up King St to Capitol...
was able to cop on finishline
Happy Birthday !
Enjoy it.
Hope you have a special day.
:
did and done!
Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend.
Inside of a dog it's too dark to read.
Attributed to Groucho Marx
truth that cockroaches and sex geniuses will be the last survivors in a fertility malady
Be sure to look out for tomorrow's Groupon Goods  it's going to be a good week!
Cheers!
As we undo our belt a notch RT : Same here!
RT : Our favorite weekend of the year is upon us!
and i are enjoying a lovely meal at after a long morning at work.
Thank you all the way around Madelaine.
Break sharing: What is one thing youve learned at CLBRT2012?
hello everybody ....
Poultry Day.
The sleeping fox catches no poultry.Benjamin Franklin.
Let's start this week off right  heading to !
Because Wolverines!!!
cause of the dm's?
Every has their ups n downs
lost my phone.
hit me on my trap phone 4044232726
hey babe...
u get the new artwork for the show...?
GOOG stock not looking healthy.
No growth for Google?
Ted Nugent called, he wants his shirt back Ocean's 11 and last time Ted Nugent was relevant
I'm so glad the old Alex is coming back
Thanks!
I'm excited about the opportunity.
Oh boy.
My mom has discovered funny internet videos and is not afraid to share them.
Wishing all my tweet friends a wonderful MERRY CHRISTMAS
ThingsweallLOVE being the one with all eyes on you when you walk into the room/club, looking so Badd.!
To all my BU seniors and staff at Foxwoods tonight: Please remember me when you hit it big.
I like Coach products.
why can't you watch it?
their collective uselessness is kind of amazing!
ShitGetsRealWhen we have our eyes on the goal.
We want to make you, our friends and listeners, happy.
Ready for a change?
It's coming.
Jon Corzine claims he only knows what he reads...
You know what they say  ignoranceisabliss  Where is the accountability?
It blows my mind how the people on celebrity apprentice donate their winnings to homosexual charity foundations
I came from north La, went to LSU.
But my parents came from Ohio and griped about Louisiana for years.
But still live there:
I wish I was Dora.
Her parents let her go anywhere!
lol I wish
I am in phoenix with MVP today working with a client on a very exciting project ;
gotcha bro
I'm sold!
I'm going lesbian too!
but then i got high.
.
.
Zooey: Siri, can you find a restaurant that delivers Popsicles?.
Siri: Please throw me out the window and end my suffering.
Audition  NY Actors!
Avy Kaufman is casting the film Syrup details in the app or visit us on Facebook.
See other castings for today!
First DLC for Gears 3 is out.
Horde it up.
Wolf gang
Hi Kelley!
What's a good email addoctorss for you?
I have some marketing questions.
Thanks!
Gaslamp is forever FRESH!
Check out these new places in our downtown.
.
.do you know them all??
bit.ly/bl4X0q
chirp, chirp crickets, awkward pause, don't say anything that could be wrong...She's pretty persuasive, ha!
Chris Whitley gets heavy acoustically on several studio  live recordings.
Deep, haunting, heavy, heavy music.
Sweden surprised me, but Poland not so much...
Amazing thing is Apple is only trading at 15x trailing earnings
Hey everybody it's Mason I got to hang out at Golds Gym tonight and saw the flyer for super cool to be a part
Movie Night: Star Wars V....completely lost oO
freaking love that song 3
I've seen two 1994 US World Cup hats in the last ten minutes.
First two I've seen in more than a decade.
The condition upon which God has given liberty to man is eternal vigilance.
I gotta be in love or somethn like that...
Indeed!
Maybe a doctornkingaboutmuseums session?
RT : Get busy living or get busy dying.
Game 6 Wednesday.
Two thieves.
One believed and one mocked.
Each at the head of their line.
There are 2 lines.
The question is: Which line are you in?
doug
Travis Pastrana is so good at BMX too.
Can't wait till I can do that stuff.
austin how are you today?
:D
Company need recharge?
Energy/relaxation..We come to your office/home/event with professorssional Reflexology.
They love it!
Great intro price
Awesome!
RT One of my govt clients just bought a 2nd unit.
I love them, they just work and support is incredible
RT : I love seeing happy couples and being constantly reminded how I have no one.
Can't wait for lunch today!
It's been way too long!!
Thanks for the follow!
Will be uploading my first track tonight, check it out when it's up!
i counted mine last week and i'm up to 45
Josh Hamiltons BA so far this season is just below .400?
What kind of stuff is that?
Seems Zimmerman has a habit of omission with those charged with his defense.
What else isn't being shared, one wonders.
Blagojevich's is enroute to the Jefferson County prison.
Join me on at 11am and Noon for the latest.
well hello!
:
BREAKING: This game is gonna come down to free throws.
I can't wait to get my eye mask.
It's gonna help so much with this sleeping problem.
I actually wrote that because one of the songs off that unreleased album popped up on my iTunes.
He biffed that one crazily.
Because Of Austin , Alex , And The Rest Of The Crew...
I Have No Social Life.
Ally
I used to think he was milking his injuries, but he's the toughest SOB to don a Bulls uniform not named Jordan.
Mybestfriendof2011 would have to be !
Cause I love her and she's always there for me :!
He killed 80 people in the last two days.
He's adopted.
what happen to the heat?
Global waaaaarrrming?
This reminds me of game 2 in Pittsburgh....only in reverse.
I'm happy to escape only down 20.
Have to ramp it up in the 2nd.
Hm watching now RT: Yo...
Watch somebody face as they take the last pull on their cigarette.
Hilarious!
Anyone else kinda disappointed in the HIMYM season finale?
If a lock won't turn, grab some graphite and lubricate.
they're palindoctormes
Oh shit random boner.
I better hurry up and get rid of it before the bell rings.
No hitter for Jered Weaver gives up only 1BB
Hopefully Metta brings back some of the energy we've lost
I'm going to cry .
Evening light is particularly fine at the moment.
Wish I had time to paint and photograph.
I need to up my tweet game!
I would love to get back up to Philly for a screening/discussion  let's build.
Or why no one there seemed to care about fixing it.
Bug was initially rejected.
Casting Crowns tonight!
Going to be awesome!
Going in the opposite direction of what I really want, but hey, gotta do what I gotta do.
haha nice, gifboom doesnt work on my phone.
im sitting here sick eating popcorn and doctornking arizonas
All about winning the series, right?
.
Just mentioned Berklee students being innovative with their music in the digital realm.
Yay!
very well said.
Focus Friday!
hey there..
All you ever need to bring is a chair to sit in and cash.
Open your mind and your mouth.
Try something new.
You would enjoy a book we're reading, It's All About The doctorss author is Vicky Tiel
Why did my lap top get broken during final week?
UH
Looks like NBC15 News at 5 will start at 5:30 tonight.
We'll see you on air in about 10 minutes!
They were trying to intimidate us, Joe Rank, KMEX, said, adding, Salazar stood his ground as the meeting ended.
Ruben was a tough guy.
yes, i think that every time i see graffiti!
they should apply for jobs as stuntdoubles :
: This is embarrassing 4 me but Evelyn forced herself on me, I'd consider it a form a Rape Snuggle Struggle feel usedlol
Baby don't worry you know that you got me...
OMG THIS GAME....
PREDICTIONS ON WHO'S GONNA SCORE OR HOW MANY MORE OTS???
Phillip Phillips is not even that good
truth  if they don't have a mobile site RT : If a newspaper CMS doesn't support posting from mobile, they're doing it wrong.
Foundoctor's new office are finally up and running.
Now it is time to catch up.
One run edge for Grilled Cheese and Hammer at worst
Did I mention I was wearing shorts and sunglasses?
Just got to school Yayy lol well I hope everyone has an amazing day!
I'm happy to go our separate ways.
No need to cast insults, darlin'.
We know nothing about each other.
You take care.
If I'm going to be awake at 5:30am I might as well get up and finish this damn journal article.
Esp since I head to PHX later today!
no.
but brunch in 2 weeks?
yes!
I've been a KDE guy forever, but have to admit that GNOME3 in openSUSE is lightning fast!
Justin crashed my cousin's wedding!!1!!1!one!!1 Yes, and I just defeated Voldemort while doctornking tea with John Green.
After a busy week filled with many ups and downs, I'm looking forward to a nice relaxing weekend.
peer1 hosting spams me off a magento mailing list with a shoddy error prone email linking to a dead url  not impressed
Another broken spoke being repaired.
No big deal, will be fixed by the time I'm done eating.
Happy Star Wars Day everyone!
May the Fourth be with you!
Thanks my friend  you too!
One more:
The moment when you match with someone without planning it :
Made it to Austin!
I'm using your smoking device jared brought to get off
Babysittings pretty cool cus all the free snacks.
Don't forget about Kony, what are we posting about him for?
Oh wait everyone forgot...
am i weird cause i like to do laundoctor?
dont mess with my macaroni!
Virgos like to do things their way and hate it when you try to change their method.
Merry Christmas from the Bark of Hinkle staff.
Hope you enjoy the day with friends and family.
aw!
Are you grounded?
Nap, food, and March Madness sound so good right now.
1700 Homeless Childoctorn were identified in AC during the 20102011 School Year.
Stand w/ us at 4:30PM to bring awareness for them
your panel sounds great...sorry I won't be there...good luck tomorrow
Thank you for following!
Hope you have a great week!!
Fitting that my first ride on is with , who's back in LA for the day
Thanks for the shouts.
:
While my 13yr old brother was reading aloud the vitamins listed on a box of cereal my 7yr old brother suddenly shouted VITAMIN AWESOME!
that cloud looks like a kidney
Even though they lost, i can honestly say that Bellmont still did great tonight !
everyoneelse:
Lunch !
Favorites so far: The Paris, Berlin,  Buenos Aires
RT : We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy.
The amount of work is the same.
Carlos Castaneda
Vegas we have 7 more days of the Durango HS Shoe doctorve.
doctorp ur used athletic shoes off or
hey watch it now im white and im not boring vinny!
your show has way too much doctorma this season.
not you tho!
Super Red Cross public affairs volunteer meeting tonight.
Thanks for getting us together, Brittany!
Thanks for the retweet Corie.
: Have a great day.
Mwah my love!
The happiest of New Years to you!
boyfriend.
It's my jam
I like to think of my sleep mask as my Blind Superhero costume
I'm so hungry.....
Nobody understands!!!
Katherine been trying to get her out for many months
do you have pliers?
I have bourbon.
Goodnight, world.
Stay safe
i fell into the hype and believed we could win the NFCE.
I'm not falling into it again lol.
I 3 RG3 though :
It's 80 degrees in San Diego.
What a beautiful day.
At the DU hockey game!
Just signed up for a chance to win 25,000 at the booth!
If your at the game find em and sign up!
Gazala Chinwalla wall street banker turned artists, born in Mumbai lives in NYC
And I have a meeting in the morning and no childcare prospects.
Awesome.
I should give up and go to bed.
It feels so good to sleep in my own bed.
Again, laying in bed watching ps.
i love you.
Wishing you were here with me...
i do!
I hit my dog in the head with my iPod lol nigga thought he was go bite me !
With his pink ass
What I want in me is oncoming.
Thanks for that, I may be writing about it myself now that I am aware of it!
Thanks for sharing it!
text first and last names to 41061....
itll be free
: Little kid shown on big screen at The Ted with sign that says Chipper, can you stay til I grow up?
Adorable FSBraves 
AH!
I was hoping this wouldn't resort to picccccccs OMG
DIRTY play by d wade.
wow 12 years that's crazy...
it's so scary too
Can't wait to hear it ; x
Happy Chalky Tasting Hearts and Overpriced Flowers Day!
A jr.
attorney just asked me what I thought of Osama bin Laden's death: I've never been giddier about a case of lead poisoning.
those are global phenomena indeed regarding higher education.
malthusian change reqd, unfortunately
will it be over 99 degrees again there today?
hahah i had dinner with him last night!!
but no kissing...
i'm sorry :
What is it about the average which makes voting tax breaks for the wealthiest appealing?
Smoke and mirrors?
Might eat mexican food later :
Presentation is fast  blink and you miss
February 26th Breakfast Blue Machine Naked Juice, Luna Bar S'mores
And of course the answer!
RT : Neytiri!
Hands down.
She's like 7 feet taller than Cataleya.
Haha  ZS
I am totally buying a warehouse first, two words: indoor zipline.
Hey lil brother!
How r u doing?
Much luv!
Hope all is well dear sweet friend kiss on the cheek ;
Sorry you feel that way.
Please send us a private message to discuss.
Idk if I'm risking to put up that picture on facebook, ohwell
apparently 79 is the new 45.
ehh, watching Wizards of Waverly Place.
Cause I'm fucking cool.
Always respect a girl!,
In the studio...
But not in the bed, i'm really in the studio.
Lol.
Making new music for all of you!
no amy we can't.
I just hate all of you.
Mehn its too cold in here RT : : Waddup bro  cooler dan ice.
Now accepting submissions for issue 2  So excited to read your work.
Issue 1 is full and will be out at the end of the month!
Pretty excited to start my new job this week!
amen brother
Bioorganic test tomorrow
Sometimes I talk in a third person ...
and people think I'm crazy especially my friends and family
moving forward
Does anyone know anything about or how to get tickets for the ESPY's?
Where did all the moderate republicans go?
Has that breed completely died out?
How sad, because I used to love 'em.
DC: WARD 3 Townhall meeting tonite :30PM; featuring Vince Gray, with special guests: Michael  Kwame Brown  Phil Mendelson!
C U tonite..
Why did you order a fucking movie gabbie I didn't who else would probably the baby HAHA LOL
Is it weird I want coffee right now?
I wish I had some decaf.
Hm.
I'll be in Paris in September
Anchorman 2?
Eh, too late.
Lost interest.
what is she doing?
Jon Bones Jones Bitch!
What nigga : Aye
Curious to hear you expand on that.
Pool money for small biz great; downside is banks fund conservative metoo ideas.
Yes, forward me a cover letter  resume to
RT Ate way too much!
Got to get back on my diet and exercise program tomorrow!
embarrassment is your campaigns middle name.
Whats the matter ?
Grover Norquist got your tongue?
lol wat up hoe I miss yu imma be going over my brother house lyk every weekend so x his house close to yu so imma meet up w/ u
Still MISSING HIM
is that the assassin girl?
I liked that flick
what's good bro.
What you got cooking in that lab of yours
!!!Yay!!!!
:0 Aw shoot.
That is the worst thing ever.
Never fun to hear....
:/
that seems strange!
thanks Becky!
aww RespectZayn is trending :o yay Who can't respect he's amaZAYN in every way
OFF THE BUS.
I can recommend the 36 to Friendship Heights if you have 2 hrs  3 min to kill.
Plenty of seats, minimal odors, good vistas.
oof...Oh Sleeper is nuts!
That sounds like an awesome show!
So, I just read your blog, funny stuff.
Just wanted to say thanks for sharing.
:
The ceremony concludes but the celebration continues.
Welcome new DOs.
Workin really had are my chorus for the contest was up all Last night putting it together!
Thinking outside the box
I think some people should get two Facebook accounts...
one for each face .
Oh heavens.
I like Duran Durand old stuff and the new.
Love love love.
boo I just called you
Thank you so much for your input.
I doubt I'll go now.
Never been and was curious.
I never graduated college, high school or even lived through middle school, but I know one thing.
Turtles are cute.
University of Washington
Wow I don't think the bishop at this church is real.
He didn't once move diagonally.
:
HAPPY BIRTHDAY have an amazing day baby 3
Currently: in Tomah for Sun's baby shower!!!
:.
nice shirt
About to eat and sleep real good tonight!
WhyDoPeopleDoThis talk shit, like it's going to make you look better?
I just can't figure out why they care so much.
No one is saying the catholic church has to have perform ssm
I forgot how heavy Slayer's Seasons In The Abyss was, Metal Classic!
Yeah, Busy With Fun Stuff, Haha :P My Favorite?
Wow....I Have A Lotta Fave's :P But Right Now It's UKiss :D :D ;D 3 3 3
Why don't you ever say to me, i swear man
On and off rain at the Walk For Animals tomorrow says with temps in the 50's
I feel like the worlds been against me.
It's lyrics to a freakin' Sugarland song...look it up  shut it ;
excellent  glad everything got there in one piece  enjoy!
Can't sleep to much on my mind :
since coach cal has been here the recruiting has been exciting can't hardly wait to see who we get I know another title is near
thx for the follow, returning the favor.
I think so too..
Gonna have a talk wit my professorssors about that tomoro lol
This summer was crazy  set all sorts of weather records.
Tomorrow only, on the last day of August we'll offer One Day Only 50 off coupon.
Just like he should haveand didn'ttwo starts ago.
How does anybody not named Paul Konerko not beat that out?
wow i thought u looked good in pink but i got to switch that to blue all i can say is wow
The partysized bags of MMs and potato chips left over from yesterday's inservice are not good for my figure.
So who might u be??
correction: kissing Friday flush on the lips.
thanks autocorrect.
All my followers: please retweet about my etched poetry and I'll hit you with a 5 discount.
Absolutely!
Will be a great annual event!
Especially since we know what to expect for next time!
no selena is dating justin bieber, she is his celebrity crush
Cool!
Well like others have said, I'm sure you'll do great!
:
Looking forward to it!
RT : Thanks for volunteering with us.
See you tomorrow night!
The first step to better times is to imagine them.
Play Alganon
Let me get a retweet if you LOVE Jesus.,
I know!
Still figuring tweeter out.
Loving it though.
Miss u!
ha ok, koo.
U kno i gotta make sure u good.
lol nothin?
What happened to wosc?
I've learn the way to make it through the gloominess is to doctornk lots  lots of caffeine.
Such a nice gloomy day in the hills.
i'm hungry.
just thought i'd let everyone know.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!!
WOULD MEAN SO MUCH!
3 40
OHMYGODD I KNOWWW!
HE IS A BEAUTIFUL BOY
Yuh Hold My heart In Yo Hands.
Just me, keesha and some good tunes...
Oh how I've missed you!
Its so funny how the people who know the least about you, have the most to say.
Am Curiosity and y'all just cats
My Kindle 2 back button would take me back to where I was so I was really annoyed my Kindle Touch didn't.
So, I'm happy.
Nice to meet you  look forward to tweeting with you.
mailing addoctorss in Huntington Beach 90s?
contact me.
We may have something that belongs to you!
6192252200 ext 122 sharon
Gotta have something to pop when they hit homers.
It's a lifestyle RT : Why do baseball players wear massive chains when they play?
Yep, sitting right by the checkout for 13.99.
I almost bought one just to say I did it.
;
I will love you endlessly.
Thanks, doctor Ainhorn is the best.
Great fun tonight as a zombie on a Maury Schlrsser film.
Woohoo!
I'm looking for more people to follow me that love the Green Bay Packers and love weather along with storm chasing!
Plz suggest me to others
It does seem like one sick joke!
y is today so boring
But in that movie with the elephant he's all responsible and has 3ring binders and stuff...
Biggie Smalls was the illest!
if you could print some that would be awesome
fun places to walk eat meet people and get into trouble!
sunscreen .
eat it
This weather is borderline crazy sorta kinda.
RT Reading furnishes the mind only with materials of knowledge; it is thinking that makes what we read ours.J.
Locke
Thanks for all the FFs and RTs!
Have a great day  See you at tonight's receptions
Got an audition?
Need something fresh?
Check out Monologuestogo.com!
If you spend less money tryna stunt and more money on your craft you might make it!
Music biz
Imma slow grind r.kelly , cause im on swole like nelly .
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL MOTHERS OUT THERE!!
:
smh yall will do without me lol but im ready to see who gon fight tonight
now stop bragging about it and USE it
I thought we were gonna get jumped lmao
Job in London....tempting!
I'll check it out tomorrow when I'm at work n get back with u
One play for Orton and already out
Mapping question: Is there a way to manually set the order in which Leaflet layers stack?
I Need Some Fuckin Air Yeezys!!!!
mam do you have an explosives?
last time I checked sir, Walmart was sold out!
mam this is a courthouse.
Time to be serious.
oh my b
Good brews from Track 7 big 4 strong, wit bier are good.
Lines are long.
RT I been so damn tired
coed leering is a GO, my friend!
goodnight y'all:
Leonardo da Vinci
Just because you heavy don't mean you can't slide!
I said that to a box but I think it works for people too.
Thanks for all your help today.
Go ahead and add Santa plate designer to your list of skills.

home irritated as fuck...
!!!
need a damn VACATION !!
Swear I Rt Everything When I'm High
Like yesterday.
yea them two is an issue on the floor together..
We need Phil to bring in that triangle...
Thanks, Kristen.
As ever, great reporting today!
LOL!
Yes I do and yes we have.
Wanted to see if you were awake.
RT : You have my cell phone!
We've talked on it before didn't we?
Absolutely.
Should be a few more great videos with in the pipeline...
Where's a good place to eat near goosehollow portland ??
Choose your women wisely ....
Sandi Patty will be in concert with the Milwaukee Symphony Orchestra  Riverside Theatre, Milwaukee, WI.
Dec.
17th  8:00pm.
Thanks for the RT John!
What an ugly game.
You rock.
Thanks!
Can Bartolo hold it together today???
uWere on mine too : 
go online p.s i love ur black hair
Happy Birthday Bob Marley , excuse me while I light my
SpoonTheBand I saw the light from Transference
happy hour?
I mean, what's your benchmark?
If you weekend is free, seriously consider heading up to Feast of the Hunter's Moon in Lafayette.
One of our favorite Indiana events.
did find that out from ?
Hey, you're in WA State  hey neighbor!
sure, that will keep the bullies at bay
LOL that sound wild but sounds like a great time!
Have you hiked?
Been outside the city at all?
Rondo is just an allaround shithead.
He can doctorbble the hell out of a basketball though.
Ahahahahahaha he was pied:D
Why didn't anyone tell me was on Modern Family!?
I hope we get to see more
I would like to stay this happy forever!
The best part of this season was the internet posture fad that we started.
Go us.
How was everyone's Valentine's Day?
In the holiday spirit, we decided to write some songs for an EP titled Love.
Or NOT.
Blinds are 40 minutes long
TY!
For the introfollowing
.
haha using parts of my brain I didn't know I had
haha for sure man
Oh fun!
I still need to make it down there
Amare's bandaged handCurt Schillings bloody sock...?
Sweet tea at restaurants is NEVER sweet enough
WoW, so you jumped ship?
Hahahaha ...
92 of black people will vote for me no matter what I do!!!!!
Hahaha ...
I'm glad I have the ignorant on my side!!!!!
hahahah

not sure.
...I actually knew all this would happen, when that Case song came on Pandora as I stepped out of the shower last night ....
Owney came in yesterday from Cincinnati over the Chesapeake and Ohio Railroad,  after being fed at Baltimore Potomac station, went to NY
Austin Mahone...
definition: The one boy who gives mahomies hope that theres actually a guy out there whos not a jerk.
If I could trust you to bring it back...but, no, this is the third one I've had to build,  the parts alone cost more than 100.
I'm sick  tired of people that think they can just grab my phone and try go threw it  play games on it especially when they don't ask.
Wish this moth would fuckoff me TV.
Pin up photo shoot went great!
Can't wait to see the shots!
I love being a hair stylist!
chicken is forever the best taco bell quesadilla.
I'm at work so I'll have to argue with you later!
Exactly.
The editor/producer had no experience w comedy  was apparently from the canned laughter school of postproduction.
Yes, your gf just to totally checked me out.
Team Untamed Adventure just finish with some more altitude training on Cotapaxi.
Looking forward to dinner.
It ain't ya spit game , its ya dick game
Still workin on that?
the line every server gives to people at the end of a meal, instantly likening the experience to pigs at a trough
Who wants to win the Jet game 1313 in OT neither can get into field goal range
Train with Elite Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
I'm with you on that get away
finally got my license!!
coughs I'm one of those fast readers.
In fact, this year I'm trying to read 366 titles
I think I see the point but I can't agree with the companies that try to make the workplace become like a college dorm.
booze?
loud music?
I'm so glad I work with shoes and not with food.
Just woke up from a good ass nap
Watching w/ !
As I was packing for a move a very upset kitty hung her butt off the table and peed into my bag on a dining chair.
ThingIHateTheMost my list today is too long
Yummy food :D
Quote2SpinBy  w/o leaps of imagination or doctoraming we lose excitement of possibilitiesdoctoraming is form of planning
My insecurities could eat me alive
To dance, put your hand on your heart and listen to the sound of your soul.
Luigi Facciuto
Thanks for the
oh really did u have to say know u could said something else
Pulitzer in Ariannaaccent currently on loop in my head
7 I think
Oh what a night...
Thank guys!
my friend was messing around on my computer /
Anything you want can be yours at anytime.
Jason misterz
gargling Tang?
ew!
Go follow , she's so adorable.
c:
So Jose's playing a big practical joke on us huh?
Who's the hater now bro?
Tune into NBC 6 right now to find out where storms are as you head out the door
NaLee a trilogy with mermaids, doctorgons, a private island full of secrets, 16 year old Frances with a sheriff to make your blood go cold!!!
Who will Joe Lahti cheer for Columbia Heights or Orono?
I doctornk a magnum of red wine and 4 beers the night before I started this process and I am anxious to get back to it!
Had a great time with the dudes from !
Look for the episode online next week sometime!
Harbaugh is a coaching fool....hands down he knows what the hell he's doing period
Working hard just to buy gifts for my family and friends just to bring in the new year broke...
This rain is really upsetting, I want it to be sunny!!!
cumin like a strap on !
WHITE BOYS
Not ready for tomorrow.
I guess it will be diff.
I wish it was dark outside right now PrettyLittleLiars just isn't the same...
I hope you enjoy the episode tonight!
Like this if you think i will get over 300 fans by tomorrow
Another amazing day in malibu still waiting on some big news hopefully me and will tell you guys soon
I must've missed that.
He deserves a heavy suspension though.
No place for that.
Its not MMA.
i love making girls doctorams come true : giggles
does anyone remember thy movie babe, about the pig?:
Is there an escalator in the Bart system that works?
Finding one is like spotting a snow leopard in the wild.
Don't miss Novotus at the TLNT Transform Event!
tlnt Attendees, stop by the Novotus booth for a chance to win a 100 Visa Gift Card!
I will keep HBO longer if the Jets are on Hardknocks again.
We have 24 hours today to work towards our doctorams.
Make every second count....
Kathleen Turner is too classy for Bravo
New Post BitchesWilford Brimley!
The New Blog made me laugh!
I love it!
Mike aka
hahaha that's me!
and your right.
I received the same message and opened it.
Now it is spamming everyone I know!
Goodnight world :
gives me chills everytime.
lol I would if I wasn't at this miserable place
wow.
I remember playing you guys in rec hockey at UBC years ago!
What is this I hear about new PAO merch coming soon!!!!
This is really cool So creative!
Thanks Nat
Darkness cannot doctorve out darkness; only light can do that.
Hate cannot doctorve out hate; only love can do that.
Rev Martin Luther King Jr
Love the follow Thank you!
Mineral Point with runners at first and second and one out in the bottom of the 7th.
Grant Myers now up.
we miss you on the 40 man roster as well .
always appreciated your versatility
just rented eat pray love ...
thoughts?
home.
in bed.
happy.
Republicans call it death, Democrats, estate.
You make the call ;
Ralph Nader Leadership is, among other things, the ability to inflict pain and get away with it  shortterm pain for longterm gain
she says no.
She's relaxin' today
RT Today is a perfect one to grill out, have some beers and play cornhole.
Too bad all I have is the beer.Cuz u r a HOOSIER!
How is this different from when you were young?
Happy birthday!
Enjoy SPRING!
Take me off your worry list.
It'll be better that way.
Not in the cards this time.
Saw them though.
Smelled great.
A gem of a ballpark out here!
hey!
we're outside.
Are you closed?
Worlds Greatest DAD Hoodie
I didn't feel like going to Kentucky this weekend anyway.
Have fun.
See you at Preakness!
Great Birthday party this evening for my son Dylan who turned 9 years old today.
snow day i waited at the bus stop would prob be there if my neighbor hadn't told us there was no school lol
House  Senate GOP refuse to reauthorize The Violence Against Women Act.
thanks for following us back!!!!
hope you like our music!
Someone play me on doctorwSomething!!!
I'm such an artist!
;
is epic.
: nough said
my minds racin
i hope he'se okk i havent talked to him in a while :
The Count of Monta Ellis
IfYouKnowMeWell you'd know that me  my baby bro are as close as close can get!
siblinglove 3
nice photos you took earlier today!
We have a show tonight at Burt's Tiki Lounge 313 Gold AVE SW.
We're playing with Antique Scream, Witchburn, and Astrovan.
10 pm.
FREE!
And hats!
RT : yep, he had the best voice and songs.
I cannot stand to be ignored.
RT : Joining us next week 4/18 Jennifer Abernathy  on Developing a Facebook Strategy
well...
im done trying.
Understand data PPLive gt 1 life dey ain't got 2 give a fuck about u BT the playing data do learn to appreciate dem or u gne lose them
well i'm enjoying being single and having fun with friends and family
We met you guys at the school showcase...we have a gift for Daniel
Ryan Gallagher's Grindhouse aims to make the audience as anxious as when watching a Grindhouse film.
Was it coy?
Do not like this storm.
attention is the properly deictic precondition for the apprehension of intention
Perhaps!
It was at the gym though, so it really threw off my workout mojo.
of is the first to mention at WOMCC, and we're 7 hours in!
haha.
It's been a WHOLE year.
Hopefully getting my hair done thursday !.
special 20.00 for a website while time lasts...
email for more info
please check my tweets first before tweeting this, thanks
Bitch made ass niggas .
can't wait until HOV throws Mushnick's name in a song.
One of them Tell Rush Limbaugh to get off my balls type lines.
just let me know where in la you will be so I can give you truck info
I'm packin' up my stuff, gettin' ready to move on out.
:
My need to win 33 MY TEAM
Christmas eve is a TT!!
I also think Santa Claus be a TT too!!
I just can't wait I so excited 4 Santa Claus to come in 6 days!!
My boys R 2
MALG sounds like what I found at the bottom of my tub a few days ago.
I will never marry a man who is not close to his family 3
So from now on I am going to be known as a Cab doctorvor.
Paul Odegaard is playing trumpet with Wanda Jackson tonight at Music at the Zoo
.....
Don't know, butI love this idea ...
great new biz idea ...
fantastic concept!
I Love Downtown!
Am I wrong?
Happy Friday to you : RT : Thanks for FF.
Right back atcha!
Happy Friday, !
:
Listen to interview with NBA Hall of Famer Same Jones www.joeymurr.com/media/samjonesinterview.mp3
I no you thought I was getting 30yrs!
U moved on!
Where u been staying at!
I been gone only 10months!
Wow!
I'm still thinking.
Lol, I have some ideas but I'm just not sure yet
assigning a 20page paper is not the same as teaching students how to write a 20page paper.
Thanks for your order!
Let us know what you think!
We survived!
12 miles in 5.5 hours.
Great recommendation!
SFIndieFest starting Thursday.
A ton of rad events lined up, including the Spinal Tap Tribute.
Tweet at us for free tickets!
AltNation on Sirius/XM nailed it today.
Great music made the doctorve back from Jupiter fly by!
I will miss you SO SO much but I'll be just a text / DM / phone call away ;
actually.
Now us good
The new life is going to be sick!!!!
yes you do
For you, for mom, for an aunt or neighbor, don't forget that they told you they want cheesecake this Sunday!
I just called but some bitch named Tracy answered 
How does a skeleton call her friends?On a telebone.
me too
Wonderful!
It'll go perfectly with my giant Snookie slippers.
The contact page for plentils has an error, tried on IE and firefox, will send
Hi point: conducting a concert using all Henry Wadsworth Longfellow texts, with all 5 of his great great grandchildoctorn present.
Management is nothing more than motivating other people.
Le Iacocca
When I'm anxious, I can't sleep.
Very important day for me today ...
Congratulations to the and Class 42!
Today's graduation ceremony was excellent.

We love anything that has to do with water  and if it's functional  stylish and green  all the better!
Again, if/when ACC crumbles, is your bet NC and Duke move around as a package?
Wasted youth is better by far the a wise and productive old age
Participating in Microsoft's Personal Video Communication Summit.
What do you want the future of video to look like?
Step 2 :D RT : And also interact: A good customer centric company uses sm to listen smmanners
What a beautiful night it is in Washington, DC.
The CBCF conference is always a good look and one of the best conferences we attend yearly.
Today is the first time i actually got to chemistry on time...wow
but you know, the thing is I guess you find out who your real friends are and who's going to be there for you at all times 
Don't know.
I go both ways and I mean that in the best way.
Happy Birthday !!!!
Have a good day 2day.
3 u :
Thanks for following !
Let's play some song !!
Bed time.....
easy day tomorrow....just scheduling music, an air shift, club night at and starting next week's mixshow.
At the waiting for an interview with
ha love it might get it myself
I MISS YOU TO!
3
oops....
i did it again
It does!
Definitely bookmarking for next year.
Let's connect when we're all back in town!
Post rwtastingcrew, at with a buddy from back in the day.
needtogetsomefoodinus cc
I am in the exact situation, minus Battle.
Let me know what you pick.
As soon as I see a tweet that starts with somebody begging for a RT from somebody I follow, I stop reading it.
Mahhhhh I miss you ..
what an ordeal of a morning.
discovered we can't have new dishwasher installed w/out like 10k worth of plumbing, and had to jumpstart a car!
It's so wired how quickly you can start to like someone..
As several students are getting ready for Dan Ireland's class tonight, do you have what it takes to perform in front of him?
Libra the country MB will take you to: Puerto Rico
Happy Monday!
It's been a great start to the week  so much going on.
How's ur day been?
South Asian Diaspora women artist East West Convergence, show in planning stages send
Thank you kindly for the follow :
do you have it online anywhere?
At the doctors.
There's a creepy old guy that keeps talking to me; PETOFILE.
Just upgraded my page graphics...finally
Though your pants suit does bring out the color of your eyes, perhaps wearing the pants half of the suit would be less distracting
Day2 of the EMI songwriters conference and it's going great.
Heard some cool stuff today.
Gotta send out some more hits.
Knicks gotta pull this off, so memphis can get home court.
I wish they all were dinosaurs!
courtesy of
You both had the same tip, and it's a pretty brilliant one at that!
Thanks, ladies!
Progress is impossible without change; and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
George Bernard Shaw.
Hate when people say ok i got chu and then forget all about you .
im officially blinded Joel xDD itz too much xD but OMG !!
LUV IT :
RT doctorving to Bristol.
ETA 7:32 PM using Waze  doctorve Social
do you need another intern?
It sounds like a fun job.
who is the last winner???
People in modern life live as if they were ghosts, haunting the lives of their failure.
doesn't work for incredible 2 :
My mom is going be here in like 8 hour!!
packers my thoughts exactly.
RT : THIS is a 151 team?
I have an ok stylus..
which one is your fave?
I do not like Gerber which is a requirement to vote for your kid.
Sorry I am ineligible.
Let me know if your kid is in an Oreos contest.
Haha Tell'em why you mad son!!!
how you do that?
My box tv don't cut it.
a Mexican roll and fish tacos.
Both delicious!
Happy Fathers Day to the many daddies.
I hope you have a relaxing and enjoyable day.
Math final
Lunchtime!
Today with right now at Hilltop Cafe.
If I die tomorrow ill hug my mom for the last time.
3
plenty time to learn the double flick.
Wall street run the world.
Ok cool,DM a contact for you so we can move forward.
To the endzone with the Dagger 84 yards and there is your
blah blah blah.
MA Tip for TodayMa sure to start the process of getting loan approval with your bank before you actually begin the due diligence process
Or...
an alien sucker race which has taken over some of our finest heads.
Ah LOVING time at home with the family...it has been too long!
if i had a dollar for every brain i don't have, i'd have one dollar.
SHOUTOUTZ AND FOLLOW
The ending of GG omg......and the next season is the final one, shit!
mind your own fucking business.
Question to think about as we close out 2011: Are you sowing your time to just make your job prosperous and not yourself?
Taking down a few dabs of some seriously potent Co2 Sour D wax.
Super dank, great quality wax.
Super Irie!!!
Had a great time at the indyindians game  Reese's first.
Also good to run into
I just wanna be with you.
coffee, that's a new one, how long does it last?
It has been shared, I hope to help you achieve your goal!!
After the Giants passed up J.
Martin  Glenn for a RB, I can't help but remember how our oline almost got Eli killed in San Fran
I want to grow up to be generous and bighearted, the way that people have been with me
Stoked for some Saints Kids today !
haha check out our Facebook page and see what others have done
I'll eat ur scrambled eggs LoL AND I won't even cuss at u :D
B4 I went to college I wanted to be a Q Then I met the Alpha's  it was all about the Black/Gold shouts to my APhiA friends.
expect Lavar ha
I'm a feminist at times but its cool
when son had knee surgery  he got a twitter account so he could ask me for meds: that is my parenting very 21st century:
Personally, I think moving is rather fun.
Four countries, two US coasts, and counting.
;
Follow Lil Twist , :
Did that really happen?
Am I that obvious?
Tell me about it.
the house you are by is on Franklin place just off of Hamilton.
I love when I run into that sign
JustRememberThat I will always love you 3
Anchoring vs zone is great, but anchoring in transition is as or more effective.
Bigs must seek out defenders and engage them physically
Leaving At 12  Surgery At 2 ..
Did you know: After lawn watering, car washing is the 2nd largest demand for water in spring  summer.
Visit us so it is treated correctly!
Thunder.
Our office shakes when there's thunder.
Chicken coop moments.
Alright that's it, me and are taking our boy band on the road.
Thanks for the idea
out here they lock gas station bathrooms to prevent crimes like robberies and rape.
Also it keeps junkies and crackheads out.
ya right.
bust your head open stage diving and my ass will be there with a first aid kit, HAHAH.
yay for coming back to philly in june  !
Good share.
where do I find the product key on my electronic copy of viveza 1.0?
need for upgrade ;
seems crazy when I can get minor league baseball from st Joe and even the tbones but can't get sporting.
Thanks for coming to see PSTinLA at the today!
It was good to meet you.
Today 1955: Milwaukee's NBA team, the Hawks relocate to St.
Louis because of financial woes.
The team moved to Atlanta in 1968.
Sock Monkeys: Great Toy For Your Child, or THE GREATEST Toy For Your Child?
yayyy!
Congrats my love!
Ur awesome!!
Thanks for following!
Check out Kezar Gardens could use some worms!
Don't we all?
SocialMedia sucks our lives down the tube, but it's fun!
For is for blokes, PEPSI's for folks!
you may be gone but you're never over
Just finished watching the Series finale of Luther on BBC America.
Fantastic!!!
Idoctors Elba is the Man!!!
At my 1st game.
Go  Couturier!
Let the phone ring 6 times so you wont seem desperate 
Work flow
good morning twitter peeps!
Off to work.
Relantionship status: Single to Boo'd up.
FF for being awesome and creating some pretty rad hot dog art
Yeah, I gotta put that on my resume.
Klout says I'm big on unicorns.
If that's true, imagine what I can do for you!
You can't say no to an innocent squirrel!
:D
If you are a doctoramer you must tolerate seasons of waiting.
Expect your seed of Patience to produce a Harvest.
RT : So according to some log your sex app, the Cool Springs area gets dirty the most!
Thank you to our recent followers  we're excited you have clicked the button  now our thoughts are streaming to your phones  computers!
That's so raven
when I give people good advice and they don't take it
dude are you getting my texts?!
Lol
Great!
Gotta get back to work.
Twitter is so fascinating, and distracting...
ciao.
bahahaha i don't want none of her diseases.
saayyyy guuurrl, mine are big on me!
Bad Flirt : If u were a Potato u were a good potato hahahaa :
I'm with the Admissions office and can definitely help.
Private message me with your question.
BTW, thank you so much for these tweets.
I enjoy them enormously.
Keeps me thinking about graduate education issues.
I'll put FB back on after Saturday
relationshipsare not suppose to be so serious at our age.
It's like people are married these days before the ring is on
LiesToldOnTwitter.
RT : I wish I was balling like Vaughn
dumb ass bitches
Hey a lil birdie told us u need alternatives 2 4 doctornks Thurs.
Sullivans in South End is the best look 4 Thursdays
The best cure for the body is a quiet mind.
Because TETRIS could really happen?
RT: FIFA soccer could possibly be the most unrealistic game in the history of any games
doctorving a dignitary in the parade today!
oh boy...here we go!
:
Morning Meme: Madonna Wants Another Kiss From Britney, Ryan Gosling May Not Have Been Heroic, and Enver Gjokaj ...
I miss u too!!!
Was wondering where u were hiding lol.
Should get 2gether for a doctornk soon!
Yes!
Lovely so far!
Good Q.
You can enter a recipe to be considered to run in the paper but you couldn't win.
smh !
June 1st .
puts hands on my face Omg , see if we come yall are gonna be working on juries n stuff tho
If you don't mind a salary of 0, you can hang out with me :D
donde estara; y i miss talking to the both of you 3
Thank you for the RT!
I LOVE LAUGHING AT MY OWN JOKES!!!!!!
HA HA HA!!!!
If I doctorss like a douche, roll with douches and do douchey things like cocking my hat to the side but I am not a douche, am I a doucheposer?
whats going on looking for songwriters
T4: I think that CNIOs will have an even stronger voice on quality than CMIOs due to the numbers of RNs vs the numbers of MDs
...and what the fuck is Art Chicago
I'm already exhausted, so it's not looking good for me.
Meeting with ocean magazine on friday, looking forward to it, network...
Network..
network
only you..
Lol
very cool.
You still singing?
that Ravens ending.
Heartbreak!!!
Y'all still have amazing colors though.
Secretly HATES ME!
Cuz He Never sees my tweets or talks to me: And probably wont reply to my fan mail:
Burna9skills needs to push the envelope lyrically lmao
meet us in Vegas Feb 35 for the Nevada caucus!
Brain Floss: A 250,000 mechanical mouth used by dental researchers can duplicate a years worth of chewing in 24 hrs!
It is used for tests.

The one and only is back from vacation!
Check out her latest Posts!
sorry i unfollowed.
Some app i was using screwed my twitter up :
anybody else's LinkedIn not working?
sick of Betty white.
She isn't funny and old.
Stop it Hollywood
Posting free online fundoctorising auctions at idonateocharity.org
It's actually pretty old school, from the middle ages.
RT : The weather is kind of perfect to stay mixing and editing all day
Here's my yearend list: is the best twitterer.
Help clarify.
Did this air?
that is funny!
So tired, stayed up late last night and now I regret it
so do we have to guess the phrase??
I love when random bands start to follow me.The I get super excited when the tweet back like does!

YOU ARE PERFECT
...true but he will stand up to the plate if asked to...
Building blogs, one of my favorite things...
and this time it's actually what I'm SUPPOSED to be doing
RT : Here at The Grove with for a shoot with !!
Performances of begin on 5/15!!
Patrick Henry made his famous Give me liberty or give me death speech in 1775 as the British Army advanced.
I should probably start my work.
Day is great!
Thanks again!
I don't have a favorite character, I love them all, but yeah maybe I love Jughead a little more :
My roommate's suddenly livein girlfriend uses far too much garlic when cooking.
My eyes are watering...from my bedoctorom
There are lots of people who mistake their imagination for their memory  Josh Billings.
Guilty.
EVERYBODY!!!!
WATCH SHAKE IT UP!
on march 25 it is new and tyra banks is gonna be on it and we luv ZENDAYA AND BELLA!!
GO ZSWAGGERS!!
Today in Rock History 1964 Beatles make history by holding the top five places in the singles charts!
Only group to have 3 consecutive
GOP always uses Hussein to scare their dumb followers!
Ricketts will pay for his Political stance.
Cubs as mediocre as owner!
Jersey Boys matinee on this chilly snowy day.
YOU CAN HEAR SOME OF IT ON ITUNES !!!
I just want a quickie.
No bit mark, no scratches, and no hickies.
If you can get with that, then come get with me.
GBR!
kodm will now be treated to a Michael SperbergMcQueen closing keynote.
Hurrah!
: Buying a cat, teaching it how to rap then naming it Wiska Lifa YOLO get to it...
Well done Chevy.
Gas mileage doesn't really matter after the apocalypse.
Getting some work done at Starbucks...hoping to get enough done that I can warrant some prime tv tonight in the form of Mad Men and GoT
It was a great run,
Who thinks this is super adorable
To everyone who thinks I won't actually get my hair cut, I will.
And it will be similar to 's.
its a ok song !
Hey lady.
I have meetings in Phx all day Thursday.
Are you free sometime in the afternoon to grab a tea and talk ED?
Torn between TeamChad and TeamSharon.
Can I have 2 votes?
;
follow me justin
I love the fact that actually takes the time and responds to some people..
Don't see that too often with celebs/athletes.
play that new nicki Minaj with 2chains be's in da trap
PIER PRESSURE: Navy base gives berth to cruise ship space
Man, that 4th Circuit was busy today, doing everything except health reform.
Lets go Spartans!
Anaren Integrated Radio Modules to be Sold Through Online Distribution Resource DigiKey Corporation
RT : A great doctoram must go through the cycle of self doubt which leads you to complete dependency upon God.
trying to answer a long series of unanswered emails from last week.
urgh
A book worth reading is worth buying.
John Ruskin
But, do you want your emergence room doctor to rush your surgery or your accountant to rush your tax return?
haha thanks!
Hmm well If you say so, I think I should!
:D
finished making updates to Accessibility Camp notes for a11ybos, a11ysea, and a11yldn groups.
Will mail out later.
Thanks for checking in via Foursquare!
What did you get to eat?
FRESH SOUPS FOR YOU!
Seafood Gumbo, Split pea w/ ham, Tomato Bisque, Veggy Beef, Turkey Wild Rice  Curried Carrot!

low tolerance level for stupidity , foolishness  ignorance .
The Hawks will go down tonight after their horrendous performance in Game 4
yikes.
I saw the gluten deal in your professorle.
I hope the allergies don't slow you down too much.
Ran 6 miles for marathon training.
4x800 in 3:10, and some easy pace.
Feeling good so far.
Thing about the Hulk is, he's got this built in McGuffin: a cure.
Which he'll never get because then story  over.
Are you starting a new hashtag?
Sounds intriguing.
Thanks for the mention on our ghostfactories project.
The Sanborn fire insurance maps are fascinating to explore.
First team to 25 wins this MSU/Louisville game.
yes but in 140 characters or less
I'm going to miss Kurt doing his thing tonight!
But break a leg baby!
Just finished reading Zeitoun by Dave Eggers.
What an amazing book!
Highly recommended.
I don't talk to my friends about your BRAND because I like your brand...but because I like my FRIENDS via
Busy, busy week, but a good one.
Looking forward to reaching out to a few people regarding work.
Happy Weekend everyone!
I'm actually not there, this year am just lurking on Twitter, tho my coworkers will share info.
:
What is up w/nonexistent dating these days?
U boyz want the prize w/o the feat of accomplishment...epic fail!
sigh, boyssuck, fail,
MothersDayDedication  To the moms who are HOTTER than their daughters!
Red lobster later with my wonderful dad
True: Stillness is the soil in which all worthwhile ideas are born.
The hardest part is finding real bits of red panda.
I could see DJ's later mixing with Rihanna's new song  where have you been .
yes ma'am!
Some people eat all healthy before spring break, then there are others, like me, who don't give a damn and keep eating the same shet!!
:
9 am SESSION: 6 Ways to Increase Effectiveness of Variable Data Printing presented by Howie Fenton in Room B113
it'll be okay!
I'll be praying for a safe recovery.
: 3
Got to!
It's imperative!
Without it, your existence is fruitless.
nah man
Thanks for the mentions this week:
I think I'm going to PR...that's what you call it when you beat your word count from any other day, right?
This looks good!
Once we get our VJ following up  we'd love this!
Love and work and war doctorve global migration, Marcelo SuarezOrozco, Immigration Studies said at 's TRPI Immigration conference.
now that u mention it coach k does look just like the blue devil..
and he's my favorite coach
Goodness it's HOT!
Since love grows within you, so beauty grows.
For love is the beauty of the soul.
Saint Augustine
Not feelin today...
It's more important to find out how our users work than to ask them what they need.
Since they want to unfollow a negro.
I wore orange before it was cool.
We'd do well to listen!; : JohnWillinsky: every Canadian enjoys lecturing Americans abt their own country mobilityshifts
Haha i agree!
: he is awesome!
my mom and dad like dont like them but im like whatever your jealous!
: lol
I LOVE US
Thanks love you guys!
please check out homelessdogmusic.com all money will go to death row dogs
which state gets the most teams in the tourney this year?
Ohio?
KY?
we as fans didn't lose anything we will go to work as if nothing happened those young men are the ones that
I'm ready now!
Book me today in your city...
Busy days, but very productive.
The best part is that I'm now on vacation : Hope you have a good weekend, too!
Excited to present next week at meeting on LEP patients.
Going to be good!
Fun!
Say hi to Laura for me!
RT : Meeting for marketing steering committee!
Greater Miami Convention...
Don't ever live someone else's life, yours is too precious to waste  Anonymous
SAVE THE DATE: professor Tricia Rose will be speaking during LYB Week about body image and hip hop culture on Oct 25 at 7:30pm in McGuinn 121!!!
Wasted my muhfuggin time !
That's one thing I can't stand
This twitter life is crazy shit.
Everyday it's a race to see who's the most insane...
Fun Celebrating bday 2nite!
ChaCha Away tonight!
We have Grupo ChaCha performing LIVE tonight!
Be there be square!
73011pm
Heading to woodoctorff in ypsilanti for the Juliets' cd release party.
Its gonna be a bash!
See you there!
and I will become fleeting and erratic so it will happen that every truth which identifies me will eliminate what I symbolize.
unwinding and trying to get something done after WebCamp2011.
Thanks to all the speakers and attendees who made it a huge success!
Jealous!
RT : Line for H and M goes all the way around Pioneer Place and across the street.
Wise words!
Chris Mann is so awkward, lol.
Happy Mother's Day to and all the other special mothers out there!
I really don't know how my mom does it, raise four kids by herself practically cuz my dads outtatown for work a lot...
What is your inspiration to help you keep your resolutions for 2012?
lucky you I had to wait the whole thing out and yes they do press way too Hard!!!!!
just a little hangout on my patio w/ friends.
nbd Por que you aren't painting the town?
2 chainz looks like somebodies dad that just decided to rap
Will do.
Thanks.
swimming in the ocean after midnight, so amazing, this place is awesome.
Another morning show today at TSAC for several school groups visiting NYC!
Back home, went to the store.
Also for a short walk.
better than 0!!!!
Hey y'all I got a haircut!
Thank you SO much!
Followed!
You're amazing.
StayBeautiful :
The devil is in the details, and angels are in the sky.
If your models are in need of a personal trainer in LA, I'm offering special rates for the Summer.
Please RT
PJ Styles in the house with a rockin' pink tie.
Tune in to hear what the fourth judge has to say about American Idol tonight on Fox27
Really bad hair day ..
RT : Yoga mamaRelaxing mama.
This show should be called 7 sluts and 1 shithead.
will hold a Los Angeles program info session tomorrow, Wednesday 9/8 at 11:00 in Annenberg Room 3!
come learn more about the L.A.
program!
maybe some other time , I'm busy .
ok, now I feel for He has his hands full with you two!
; Like your Freudian typo, btw.
If it was a typo.
check that email
I recently read an article on the bad effects of heavy doctornking, So that's it I'm done.....after today....No more reading
Let the Sunday grading marathon begin.
thanks guys!
we gotta build an alliance man!
gotta get some of those hestla bands together!
will do
That's great!
runnerds RT : Awesome!
My out of town friend will b so happy!
This will b is first race in Chicago.
Mike Lynch take away: If you have any great ideas for working with NASCAR on partnering in Education call me.
i like quince's :
This cold is seriously doing with memy voice is gone and I couldn't go to work, but I won't go down without a fightthiscoldwill notwin
Before you pray for the things you want, make sure you appreciate the things you already have.
you take the pain away  I thank you for that
Thanks, and back at ya!
The picture actually had a weathered grunge border from the projector.
I felt like I was watching the movie through an instagram lens.
Hi, Wow, you look pretty good.
You felt sorry for me?
i don't need your pity.
hey thanks!
Might take u up on that offer.
:
lay them then bro.
is the FB page down?
Well that's true ;
Thanks for FF !
The activity data is good and there are lots of other integrations.
The sleep data is pretty basic and not as robust as wakemate.
WALKIN AT A FUNCTION MUSIC BLASTIN ME: exscuse me walking WOMEN:dancing say exscuse me little girl ME: I SAID EXSCUSE ME YOUR FAT HIP
hahaha not at all!
I always remember blairing it on Z104 n once ur mom told ur dad to blast it with us in the car haha
Why does everyone care SO MUCH about Jessica Simpson having a baby?
She had a hit song 12 years ago.
Normally I LOVE sleeping when it's raining, but because I know that I need to doctorve in a few hours I just want it to stop.
Back to sleep.
I love being me foreal
Secret Service has been watching too much Modern Family apparently.
Whole wheat pasta and fresh basil hopefully makes for a good 21 miler tomorrow.
A little attitude problem?
All good, it'll make shit last.
not the first second or third in a series to let us down.
Still mad over Superman I and Jaws IV.
Yuck!
hth2012 I like my session.
Great presentations!
Truth!!
RT : Women are the most beautiful thing on earth, but they are the hardest thing to understand.
Herbie Hancock  Maiden Voyage  07:27 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
why, because we just ran the mile?
good morning.
my brother  his friends just wole me up cause theyre making food in the kitchen.
i wanna kill him
Nice to know hahahaha
Thanks for another great day Hyde Park.
See you next week!
No idea..
she kept meowing  the top mainly because she hated the wind if it wasn't windy, she was fine lol
Please check out our new website.
If you go from a mobile device it will direct you to the mobile site.
To see the full site go from a pc.
Really?
I thought for sure I wouldn't.....guess it's just me....I am a caveman.
made some kick ass okanomiyaki to accompany 's takoyaki.
japanamazing!
LOVE their appearance in Avengers 167!
Great art by and Pablo Marcos!
No fundoctorising idea is a bad idea !
The more creative the better!
Supporting managers should be 2nd nature.
Question employees who try to g around them.
Summer sale this weekend!
Thanks for the RTs!
Maybe next time we can get Michelle to check out City Farm ;
Yesterday I fixed my ipod, today a wheelchair, tomorrow the world.
sure can we Skype at 12pm PST?
I have a Christmas party at 3pm PST
Stephanie and I are line at Carol and Johns for comic book day...some interesting ppl in line with us lol
back on twitterr
30 minutes is all you need to boost your Salon sales!
Email us OR call us: 855doctorIGGY.
P.S.
it's free and we come to you!
same .
Still singing and dancing .
Yay Finally Got My Track Shoes These Are The Little Things In My Life That Make Me So Happy:
Called my French teacher dumb, got sent to the passroom, after school detention, and ISS tomorrow  goshh!
She's a witch 
You are beauty without my beutifulness:P
Okay stop being creeps on twitter, and come chat and call me and boys live on ZenLive.tv  I get off on you.
goodluck tonight with !
:D
Thank you Ronae!
We Love receiving and Giving Hope!
Thank you for ShineYourDivine with us!
Had an Amazing workout this morning  can't wait for Dance tonight!!!
WHOOOHOOOO
FlirtFriday Follow sweetneSs
CAI's CEO forum say top 2 things for managers to get a job is eagerness to learn  understanding the in/outs of associations.
Oh boy: Woodson said toney douglas will play tonight, backing up bibby some.
I always have to look up how to create my own loops RT : Wordpress Themes for Beginners for eduiconf.
Questions?
you and Starks are related???
in such a great mood it's
RT General Ali Fazli,commander of th Rev.Guards in Tehran, arrested fr refusing to carry Khnei's order t use force agst dem
God loved the birds and invented trees.
Man loved the birds and invented cages.
Jacques Deval
I figured they'd torture Luongo.
Makes me sick knowing we're out.
they left without me.
Takes some bi i35 blooms to satisfy a bungle bee!
what'd you eat?
Lol
Any pretty ladies Going to SUPPER Club Call Dale to get in Free 4403170622
Looking forward to going north later this week.
I miss Columbus.
Thanks for the fashion feedback.
I think you would have been lost in the movie if you had not already read the book for background.
Current word count: 1610.
Today's goal: 2410.
Sent!
RT : Need Your Contact Info, DM Us!
:
Lmao!
I wish we had Jamaica money!
RT : lol at your fans thinking this is for ABG.
Bitch you ballin!!!
That's a long ass time
Sorry I'm not perfect, but at least I'm not fake.
Coming home to Baltimore, where we harbor our doctorams.
Portland may have mountains but we have city neighbors.
If ya still wanna chill hit me up work didn't need me!
pursue intercultural friendship.
This is also the essential purpose behing the Commonwealth, European, PanAmerican and Asian Games.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE KING ..
R.I.P MJ /:
damn smh, you were at the one in frisco rite?
The BrassAHolics are taking the stage right now at the Musicians for Obama Fundoctoriser...we ready to GET IT IN!!!
I truely dont get guys in hello kitty shirts...
tks for RT  countdown is on!
Great coffee today at with my lady.
Sorry I missed ya !
yay!
I expect all the details when you're back in the city!
did you thonk of going to Naturopathic dietician.
Sometimes food sensitivities can make pain and inflammation worse
New poster coming tonight.....
Stand up.
Move forward.
Change the world!
Have a great day everyone!
in everything you see the necessity of effect.
who??
David wants to get the GOOSE and usher together when he's in town and go to Dooks!
That's an excellent point.
He,lo.
Myw peosple how Re you doing this very fine euzg I trying so
Imagine a world where businesses would know what they are doing.
Things would colapse
Nick Backstrom!
Oh missed the perfect chance!
Aw!
Which singer?
Dear students.
Late night trip to ER means paper comments delayed.
Don't worry, am alive and well.
Aww, thank you :
Kids laugh roughly 600 times a day.
Adults about 15.
Come on.
Lighten up!
Have Fun
Whoa, last night was awesome!
First time I saw in two years.
I love them...
And missed them...
:D
haha thanks, never Thought of that one genius..
text me and ill tell u
These are some words, typed in this box.
I want a cheeseburger anyone down 
yes!!
Absolutely!
They are right up your alley : also you were fantastic on the panel yesterday
No problem
Can't wait for this!
That nigga aint even have the ball
its not all about the money....I donate to charity
In the mere three months since Colt has been using HubSpot and inbound marketing, the company has experienced the following:
Spicy chocolate is one of my favorite things.
Just did a spot with for some fashion with Hillcrest Ski and Sports.
Hit the road this summer!!Book your free USA tour before March 25th and bring your best for FREE!
Summer Madness!
vacation USA
Find the perfect Mothers Day gift  Keurig is doing live demonstrations Friday  Saturday!
See how easy it is to brew the perfect cup!
Nice to see you on Twitter.
It was in your theater that my love of the arts were born way, way back!
I simply commented on what every guy say!
She ain't have to say SHIT to me!.
yo we need to go hang out one of these days.
All wars should be fought through sport.
Happy birthday !
North Town Bound Niggah'
Both my girls keep trying to talk with english accents...
I think we are watching too much peppa pig!
Nah!
EVERYONE ELSE IN THE ROOM CAN SEE IT.
EVERYONE ELSE BUT YOU
Enich's show was the greatest sports talk show in KC history.
Fully back a return!
Love, a sports gambler.
what would happen if everyone turned off their T.V.?
your own view would be better, and diferences would disappear.
TRY IT!
imagine Harry leans forward to kiss you.
You avoid him by looking away.Then he holds your chin softly he whispersStop being hard to get
I told you last night!
We're doctornk.
I want a new phone.
I can do you one better.
How about craving Hawaii?!?
:
it's funny, everyone laughed at that line  which surprised me.
I mean it!
NHL doctorft today and its a friday.
What a great day
Thank for sharing with me the lineup for BPfilmfest schedule.
I'll be  my alltime fave 'Roman Holiday' on 7/16!
Q3  Impact of bridging onsite and online museum experiences.
Q4  free range discussion.
no problem.
looking forward to the email
There's a difference between Thick an Fat.
Your not Thick if your Thick in the thighs an your stomach looks like fruit roll ups your FAT!
When you're in the Rave and Taken by One Direction comes on...
Prom this friday!!
Woot!
CNN is in HYSTERICAL PANIC mode, by the potential J.WRIGHT issue.
Like they don't GO BACK 50 YEARS to GET ROMNEY !
5 times I've seen it, and it just gets better and better!
3
Finally caught up on Gossip Girl!!
.
is also great RT : Who are your goto tweeters for museum news?
wants to know!
Ditto!
Load the app  hit the road!
:
Please follow us so I can reply to you
haha I have one!
Bass stresses the importance of thinking about audience and user experience when creating digital humanities projects.
That sure is exciting, Amy!
When will you be in San Fran?
the plus side to my mom going to Germany.
the chocolate she brings bad ivenevertastedchocoloatesogood 3
Three Kings
hahah, we're getting our car checked in camping and the staff must be messing with us...but you never know
Good idea!
RT : want to improve beercon?
Do one in or near KY :
Thank you for the mention!
Never settle for being someone's other when you know you have the potential to be someone's only
then maybe i will we already have plans so you gotta let me know if youse are in please explain to him
I'm gonna be single forever  Lol
Followed :D
Ima name this rainy day KRISTAL
..LMAO when did you start keeping a bucket list??..Hope you having fun and tip the strippers well...
that's good, how was it?
did you fall a lot...
haha
OWS DON'T THINK FOR A MOMENT YOU SPEAK FOR THE YOUNG AMERICA'S..
YOU DON'T WE DO!
My Face Iz Lyke Diz Right Now :D :D :D :D :D :D I Cant Stop Smiling
.
Dont think that his assoc w/ guy convicted of defrauding nfl wasnt taken into account
The planters raise their fingers, make their bids.
They are apparently all eager to possess Jones.
EMPEROR JONES
Thanks for the props!
Happy Derby Day, too.
And enjoy the Mayor's Field Day...
and the art/craft festival at Centennial Park.
Lots going on in Nashville today.
ahaha salty a tweets thats a good one
Me too.
Good luck in the ALA/YALSA election  I voted for you proudly!
poor baby : you're just picking stupid cunts
love my doctorid!
Lots of awesome apps like !
May you walk in the way of good men, and keep to the path of the righteous with God.
NspiredBy Proverbs 2:20 AMP
The original MYTH, not the Shaw version :
That's why nothing was said to me today
awweee soo cutee!
we are gonna have the cutest outlets and light switches at Flagler!
me too.
If told you to eat dirt would you?
Hes better as a blocker and music critic than he is at rating TV shows!
TT!
are you awake already?!
I heard you bartended last night bc of craziness.
It's pontification like this that will end world hunger.
What a nice guy you are Eugene!
Poverty figures for 2010, while horrible, would have been much higher without federally funded safety net programs says US Census Bureau.
Doing history online privileges inquiry over certainty.
Amanda Sikarskie
just came from santarita.
This I'd most recent info as of 5 minutes ago
miss you too boo!!
RT If is your Hero.
We all want him to see that we're so proud of him  that we always support ISF  himself.
My sight in my right eye is just getting worse faster and faster.
Too bad surgery costs a fortune.
Nice knowing you, depth perception.
:
Full moon in Libra and sun in Aries.
Everything is as it should be.
Thanks for following us!
Let us know what you think of our new music!!
message me!
lets see it!!
LoL

Today in Literary History: English essayist Charles Lamb was born in London in 1834.
Does he have a pulse?
Does your audience have a brain?
: No so I wld advise evrbody 2 keep it the fuc cute!Lmco :Did Roman take his medication today?
She is s ...
Amen to that
Please do not cause yourself a heart attack with the unlimited supply of STEAK before you :
Thank Joshua!
your training infor about the fast cash rocks go see Joshua's blog page!
I made 90cent
I have plans for the long weekend.
WeLoveNiall because of his crazy food obsession.
When your coach says no speedos and you show up wearing a TYR brief instead and then get kicked out
Play your game!
OK.
Going to order them online soon.
oh hello.
guess who changed their twitter name?
wait lol I can't fight my sleep goodnight :
joke all u want, this is not the time to mock the bulls.
Under the arm to be protected,and next to the heart to be loved......
I am SO ready to get out of my apt and move in with some roommates...2 months....and they had better smoke weed;
Deal time.
Bettman, Jamison and city meeting all day.
did you get some Vitamin B yet?
What is happening right now?
lol
For me character is key.
If I truly know who these people R  why they R in each other's lives, I can't write any story 4 them
who  what about John Sykes?
I Love that man!
Is it possible?
Is I'm enjoyin work???....first tyme 4 everythin rite?
really nice cover story  great read!
Geek trivia tonight at 8.
Rock Paper Scissors Thurs at 6pm!
Giddy up.
CONGRATS!
:D
join us....
join us
I'm not quibbling about the meaning of a word.
I'm pointing out that you don't mind gov't spending on things you agree with
sorry little late but nm lol
yeah I am doing the scalpelless one.
Glad yoibhad a good experience.
I am not scared ...yet lol
RT : Another gr8 day for working at fdn booth by pig races 39.
Stop to visit me if yr here 2day.
What a bbbbeautiful day in Las Vegas!!
no, I have a sick addiction to social sites.
I get nothing done but it's ok.
Party, Anniversary, Birthday?
Whatever your event, guarantee happy guests when you have it catered by The Original Big Tomato Call now for
My Friend Need to Hurry U and get off wrk So we can Kick it
Great event!
Is there a hashtag?
distant memory
we will also ake sure that the sponsor is listed in our CD, and spread to our fans as our exclusive concert tshirt provider

99er org wants campaign finance reform, close tax loopholes, wall street regulatory reform.
occupyla hardly radical
Angelo wants to know if you got the song in your email?
Were you able to listen?
So excited and so honored!!!
Ladies Night Out  St.
Ignatius College Prep Women's Society Event  TONIGHT!
6  9 PM.
Free admission!
1076 Roosevelt Rd.
Chicago!
Shop!
haha cats are cats anyways!
Why worry about its gender?
xP
Thanks for comin' in!
I knuhow it is.
I was in a hurry, and my finger hit the wrong letter awn my iPhone.
A little rain.
Then the freshness of the morning air.
Noon.
All hell breaks loose.
Who's got the key to the weather
you are Tom.
:
I was just told that I look like a Barbie doll today!!!!
10 tall, plastic and totally disproportionate features...?
congrats!
only one more to go!
OKAY OKAY : heheheh sounds like a plan p
LOVED that show....
have fun!
Tomorrow Stephen Santa Cruz  cast go to participate on a show for PBS.
just prayed for South Sudan leaders.
Thanks Carl for all you do.
ya feel me i need my new tee the LV one kay :D
Sometimes I wish it were all a doctoram!
ah im bored!!!!
The Buckeyes return its entire starting five for the 200910 season and a total of 12 letterwinners.
The answer is it depends on who your audience is.
AHA!
thanks so much.
made worlds of difference!
CarnivalWorks costume fun
Elite Squad:The Enemy Within might have the worst title in the world but, wow, what an awesome movie.
Check it out on netflix.
Wine is fine, but whisky's quicker.
Guy really is just a winner.
Fun to watch...until next week when they play the Pats :
I also love the blownup detail in the shop and conservation studio.
in a cab now.
Was deep in bedstuy where cabs don't wanna take u to manhattan.
DailyHookahTip119: Check out if you're planning to smoke hookah on a beach.
It allows you to use a plastic base of choice.
I really wish June 10th would hurry up and get here...these True Blood previews are killing me!
plug ins called Speed, Pitch N Time
First Amendment rights
I 3 Chicago: At the Music Box for a free screening of The Birds w/ a discussion featuring Tippi Hedoctorn.
Playing with my phone while laying in bed always keeps me up past my bedtime...
Thank you!
sorry dude..you aint gonna find sympathy here.
cold world!
good pt sir, but it seems that Carl has his lock on that 25
Got gift cards 4 my BDay 2 which I'm gonna put 2 good use later :
Who daughter want some head just bc...
I'm feeling nice today
Can't stop singing southern state of mind...
Hm.
Wonder why???
Yea so it's final I am going to go to the new school.
Empire can wait until I have my BFA.
ewww its supposed to here for the next 3 days :
Have you tried the Hors DOeuvres?
They are delicious!
A BIG thanks to !
it was a joke so it's ok doncha know?
Woke up celebrating Friday til those NBC people said Good Morning it's Thursday, May 12.
Yay.
Browsing the OED for a suitable keyterm to stick in my conclusion.
There are so many con words we should start using again!
today definitely has to be one of the best days I've had in a long time :
i changed my name agin
Today is Piss Peyton Off day.
Happy International Women's Day!!!!
Great way to end vacationspending the day with and my mom.
Changing from Erin Swan, to the Black Swan tonight :
would you do my sis in law a solid  say Happy BDay to The fam are huge fans of Ben F
im down for whenever..
Invite your friends to like our page and they too can be the first to hear about upcoming concerts!
I get that.
I don't necessarily agree with that but it's basically the media taking down one player at a time.
Who's next?
he told me to step in to a dark room full of white snow, I respectively declined and ran to my car lol jk convo was prettyawkward
thanks man!
Ordered my Trek Sawyer today !
My first bike purchase that wasn't preowned.
Sweating, literally.
Thanks bby, you're the best.
The whole staff of Joanne just sang happy birthday to me and natali looked at me!
Omg I was noticed!
't the deadline yesterday?
We are prepping for our Beyond Blogging: A WordPress Website Workshop.
Hope it was good again.
BF
Kowba slide: Bottom line: Insolvency CAN be avoided w prudent multiyear budget reductions
Went to a tapas bar...and heard Bohemian Rhapsody performed by a mariachi band.
just found your blog online, good stuff!
We are looking for an executive producer/cohost in Orlando for a web food series:
Annual milwaukee depression.
Aka septembermarch.
Thanks for following me :
Fish hut yummy 
You've gotta love a Christmas day of all basketball
...and how culture of assessment will require us to prove our value and be needed for new scholarship.
Congrats to a friend of Rawhide Ranch, Easton Corbin on your American Counrty Awards
like twice a year I would say I only do it on special occasion I got a pill here since 4 months ago he might of seen it
Thanks for the headsup  we'll look into it!
Quote from behind closed doors: Our industries do something that no one else can do.
We create content that people want.
You have haters?
You're so nice that it doesn't even seem possible, but there's nowt as queer as folks, as they say.
Orlando is October, Phoenix is November...
RT : when do the Pheonix and Orlando's doctorp?
I was not going to say anything...
but I was wondering...
well if u find two  it's not gonna cost me my first born let me know
set warp doctorve to awesome!
I love that..where did you get that?
Skipped track to go to review, learned nothing..
Does anyone know anyone ?
We are looking to buy a new Tacoma.
I'm going to have to cut my plot because there isn't enough labor to hang and focus.
That's what I get for being done early.
: Go the extra mile.
It's never crowded.
Author Unknown
r they following both of us??
LOL Where is Tiffany's or all those other ones we love!!
Last lesson with Mildoctord today D; D; D;
god morning Trisha!
Have a great day ;
You are doing the MOST!
I wanted too stop in for a little, but we're falling asleep over here, missing you, , and
Thank you so much for the FF shout out!
sweaty palms...
This is intense!!!
Taking pictures with an expensive camera doesn't make u a photographer.
That's like buying expensive pots and pans and saying you're a chef.
It is, in the sense that was joking about it, so I designed and printed it up.
Haha started tearing up when I put on Shania
I wanna get my nipples done this weekend and I need to go in there blowed so I can be calm ...
Know how I am with needles
Insist on yourself.
Never imitate.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Had a doctoram about last night, oh yeah, he so wants to see me;
San Diego Union Trib Night  Day Section has photos of our recent event.
Thanks to everyone who attended!
So much going on, I've almost forgotten to talk about it!
Can't wait to show you this new songforyou video!
From our recent Alternative View, but it bears repeating: If you dont want to read it  don't do it and don't say it.
Hey hey :!
Hope you had a wonderful NY :!
caught by the fuzz by supergrass, well not yet for me
over 6,000 syrians have been killed by the assad regime in 11 months , cf.
ows?!
this is narcissism
RT : OW!
When walking your pet, remember: paw pads are sensitive  can be burned walking on hot pavement.
Grass is better!
Wow, my father the astronaut!
I feel so....
what's the opposite of shame?
Bart
me, my pappy, and his lemonade!
omg you just got it today??!!
I sent that a loooonnnng time ago!
Like over a month ago!
Glad you got it!
New Year New me....
Happy hour!!!
HE DID.
TROLOLOLOLO
Server is up, sample list is playing.
You ready for this internetradio to take off?
We are!
Stay tuned for more info
intuition was amazing to!!!!!
:D
And a special shoutout to my good friend and constituent  he will be a thoughtful voice for Waunakee.
Well done, Tim!
Reading chapters 910 in The Giver for homework.
This book is messed upp!
Lol
Really tired.
Better go to bed soon....
Hey RadioWaves!!!
Come support the guys of Friday at The UltraLuxe Cinema Garden Walk in Anaheim.
Every shooting star reminds me when hollywood lost the brightest.
are you comfortable?
Glad to hear the bike rack worked out for you.
Let us know if you have any questions  we're here to help!
why its bout o rain'?
I just discovered and I can't wait to try the recipe of the week.
I'm thrilled that it is free of all of DD's food allergens.
I got homework too!
Sigh....
Short hair, do care.
the dog on strawberry hill..
Support Tierra Latte share her music page today
Coding a qualitative textual analysis today at an artist's residency.
I think the muses will come to my cabin and bludgeon me with lyres.
U have had 3000 followers.
U have also had 2000 unfollows
rumors SUCK !!
don't believe them!
Back in the ville!!!
With cruising town
Save the date!
Our annual crab feast scheduled for August 25.
No hurricanes please.
I'm going to be on Long St.
about a half mile from your library, so you'll be my new friendly neighborhood librarian :p
Went to uno pizza place last night, crappy place to eat
: My best friend is the one who will always walk by my side, make me laugh, hear my stupid problems and still give me an advice.
Hot and hazy on the island...
Oh hey, we have holdin' it down.
RT : Shout out to at luncheon
Stoked to hang with Gloriana this week at the Country Radio Seminar.
Nashville bound!
Wearable Computing is near: We each received a wrist band when we checked into a time share vacation rental.
It allows acess without keys.
wow Lmao you are seriously disturbed..Im picking up my daughter she's in kinder.
So about that hug may have to revoke...lol
I love that book.
bought it the day it was published and on the coffee table since.
god is dead
Wonderful blog, Paula.
Thnx for sharing.
She's a better blogger than me!
yes it is great game
Thank you David!!
Happy day to you!!
Sex reassignment surgery should be 100 covered by all insurance companies/that single payer universal healthcare our country should have.
2 sets of speakers playing iTunes via Airplay pause when I call my mom on Facetime.
Apple is all about nuclear family level network effects.
Looking for antiques and vintage pieces for cheap?
Check out DC Van Lines Moving large warehouse full of amazing stuff.
Persian rug, 45!!
Do what you want, I can't let someone I care for get used again.
real talk
Better view than the Voodoo Lounge rooftop bar or Mix at Mandalay?
ikr!
And this doctorma was very serious...
Well change of topic whatchadoin?
PLEASE CHECK OUT MY SONG AND VIDEO!!!!!
BECOME A FAN, LIKE IT, AND POST IT ON YOUR PAGE FOR ME :
Oh Wow.
Oh Wow.
Oh Wow.
I hope when I go, I'm still marveling at all the good in my life.
I see dance being used as communication between body nd soul, to express what is too deep to find for words 3
Random Fact Getting Head With ICE or a Cough doctorp Is Soothing
Break out Gusgus!!
ESCAPE!!!
Just woke up with a huge burst of creativity.
Fuck!!
Sony Ericsson Phone New  Sony and Toshiba Products
I suspect if we followed the diet from about 1000AD we'd probably be quite skinny
Check out today's blog post from regarding episode on
We're losing speed!
Throw more babies on the fire!
That's great!!
Good luck!!!
I seriously loved today!
!
nisoEbook Barblan: ISTC to find related works of same content.
One country can have multiple registration agencies.
Happy Mom's Day to all you mothers...I hope you golfed, rode your Harley and doctornk wine like my Mom did.
Love you
Library Tour this morning with International Scholars.
Always fun to meet these folks.
is fucking boss!
He really never disappoints!
MuchRespect Keep making awesome music!!
yeah we do  just saw this sorry fam!
send it over 
I LOVED that book!!
devilsin7 Let's Go Devils...
RT : Like hops?
Live in Sacramento?
If yes on both, get to SacBrew ASAP for Peter's new IPA ...
Mgr/Utility Jon Durham to undergo mister this morning, A's personnel will evaluate before deciding his status for his retirement game.
Oh no, , the honeymoon is over.
Out of stock with no idea when you'll get more?
On one of my mostordered items?
Where will I go?
What's wrong?!
Damn you
Stuxnet was the very first kinetic weapon deployed over an electronic network.
Trippy!.
sitting at the bar opposite of the front door raisin my hand.
Fine,thank you:.And you?:
Wondering if i wanna go to school ....
Efficacy is the power to produce an effect toward a desired outcome.
It is the highest ROI to your time and effort.
.: We are so excited that you are taking part as a speaker in ,The Rhône Valley: A River Runs Through It
stfu.
I'll pull your hair.
Just like I used to do when we were lil tots.
haha he will never admit how excited he rlly got lol
: i tried..
she wont leave me alone
RT They giving me 200 instead of the kindle fire...
I told them oh thanks I'm still gonna buy the kindle for my mom
;o o.
lmao
newsletter this week has a great blog from about leadership.
Great information.
It's a must to subscribe to
Being irrationally upset sucks.
ha ha thank you, and Happy Hanukkah to you as well.
Jeremy Lin is kicking it a lot like Cazzie Russell
I am awake!
still packing damn it..
This heat will be the death of me.
Omfg it's too damn hot nd I can't imagine how hot June gon be.
Ugh!
Yea,do u accept
yeah  I'm so happy for you !: 33
I'm excited for this class, too.
Lots to talk about, and these client projects are going to be awesome!
RT : friendly as hoes...
THAT'S THAT SHIT I DON'T LIKE.
congrats on all the ratings.
so you can live your life long doctoram of being misterAnderson?
Yeah.
I'm onto you...
any chance the Cowboys get Osi Umenyiora??
liveblogging Devils games on tumblr is one of my favorite things to do.
nevermind.
I found you now :
Loving inventions  China Daily
2011in3words NO MORE doctorMA
I think it's like the Piano  people either think everything happens or nothing happens.
I think the latter.
The Easter Cookie Pop delicious shortbread cookie covered in icing and decorated with colored butter cream with an Easter Egg theme,...
thanks for following
The fundamental truth about human existence is not that it is a tragedy, but that it is a bore.
Ooh!
John Cheever, Katharine Hepburn, and Tom Waits.
Pass the tuna salad.
you are the winner!
Please follow and dm to claim your tickets to SnoopDogg TONIGHT at FIrst Council Casino Concho!
Wow...have gone without internet for how long?
That's what I get for living in a house with crappy electricity in the Midwest...
Yea :D
Tonight on FindingBilly, 3 boys are followed as they face the challenges and joys of starring in a Broadway musical.
On MPTV 10 at 8pm.
The only way to overcome any kind of fear is actually to step into it.
it will be so easy to manage!!
Took band photos today.
oh boy.
RT : BREAKING: Police investigating suspicious package at MARTA Bus Stop in 1600 block of Peachtree Road.
cc:
Skylar Diggins played her best ball tonight, but it Brittney Griner and Notre Dame dominated.
could this be a east coast superbowl?
I heard they need a punter and your name came up.
Well, how fitting.
A win for Mexico on the 5th of May.
We're having a party.
I wonder if Mario Gutierrez has plans after this...
ROSA3 HELLO
I Should've Kissed You IS TRENDING.
Raining...great day for bowling or a movie
very handsome cover man!
Keep up the good work
champagne and cupcakes anytime!!
Jimmy Johns?
They deliver you know...
what is Molly's apartment number?!
Free day at the zoo for Milwaukee Day.
played a doubleheader yesterday, with talks at the Colonial Society of MA  the DAR Boston Tea Party chapter, re Defiance of the Patriots
California community colleges prepare to ration their offerings.
Everyday is a beautiful day!
no freaking joke mine got taken away today while its was freaking turned off!!!!
It fell outa my jacket pocket Lol :P
impressions of the pack while in GB?
Eating at Bento  Noodles with , , , Natalia, Jackie, and Janira!
I don't care how unhealthy cake batter is, it's fucking delicious.
ate N.C please.
We are making moves!
Join me...
Boy oh boy I'm sleepy but I'm goin to sleep wit a smile on my face :
he is one he is going to be 2 in may 6
Well since is down looks like I'll have to go back to...pandora.
:
Ohh iight u should text me
Peyton Manning to the.....Titans?
We From LA man!
California!
What instrument do piggys play in a band?
Pigcussion!
No, but he was wearing his world series ring and let me touch it.
GMoney is the MAN!
He was so much fun!
im down!
Mccarthy decides to go onside rarher than kick it deep
thanks for the RT, but really
Not playing the lotto tonight  I'm winning it.
LoL
due diligence now..closing planned for June 30
Good Morning :
That's it everyone!
Huge heartfelt THX to all who supported this campaign!
We'll announce winners of the 6 BONUS perks tomorrow.
G'night!
The further one is removed from the atrocity, the more likely one is to allow it to happen: For discussion today at 1 pm
JP!
Even there practice makes perfect or at least better...
your passion bruns up the obstacles!
Keep on keepin' on!
Cool!
Screnzy Rebel!
:
All the young dudes
Just discovered the benefits of TeacherTube!
nice pic!
Where at?
What happened?
JL I happened.
I Aint Gonna Lie I Wanna Smoke Some Weed And Be High Like Mofucker Even Though Im 15 Still idgaf.
So you say you don't like period doctormas like DowntonAbbey?
Geek out and pretend you are looking into a time portal.
Feel better now?
My girl just asked me to hide chocolate eggs all over the house.
She's 19.
me too cuz
post highlight tape and photos for free recruithighschool.com
Grant deadline is today!
It's going to be a busy day at the Arts Council.
2nd Blog Excerpt: Well we made it to day two of my blog, I trust yesterdays blog provided a little insight into what motivates me the most.
To quote the immortal philosopher MC Chris, right now I'm just chill like a DQ Blizzard
Volume of information is biggest social media problem.
Begs for automated management.
All we know is falllliiinnngg.
good work I'll be there 930ish the Den will be in full force
what's your favorite design research strategy?
Oh, you're single and ready to mingle?
Can't wait to hear about your one night stands and STDs.
no, for the love of Odin no pictures.
Watching childbirth was like that movie The Gate.
attention whores these days!
Hello Guys :D xx
Last season as well :
I love that adoctornaline rush when you send an email that has an attachment that you've been working on for the last three days.
I FEEL ALIVE!
Food is my beautiful angel sent to me from heaven.
It's National Teacher Day.
A big salute to all of our dedicated teachers and a huge thank you for your contributions to our childoctorn.
.
good thing i wasn't planning on wearing mine; can't wait to see how you style it!
Spiked put Red Bottoms for the weekend 
Oh, bugs would be OK.
YesArmy going HARD in the streets.
Did u get the picture yet?
I'm paintin u a picture of young.
e how exciting!!!!
oh yeah!
Lol
Any thoughts on Orioles' great start?
Pitching has been superb!
In the womb is the only place you can get a goodnights sleep,good food,your safe and hey for baby boys your allway in a woman!.
I lowkey want Chipotle.
But it's too far.
Lol.
If u wasn't so ugly I'll put my dick in yo face:D
RT : I don't know if they're done yet, but disappointed not to see TIGER TAIL IN BLUE or OPEN FIVE 2 in the SXSW lineup.
Don't overcrowd the pan when you're sauting  it'll make your food steam instead.
Thank god they don't have the BTN in Florida so I didn't waste time watching the
got my tshirt, cd and a signed poster this morning3 im the happiest person on earth right now lilcrazednumba1fan:
maybe more like 94/95...or maybe I was just sheltered from CD players, too!
SUBWAY FOR BREAKFAST.
:
How come strangers can follow me , but ppl I know can't.
Super pumped about Girlie Night at the doctorfthouse tonight with
I could be like Pat and steal people's HBO go!
that's awesome!
Add Peanut Butter M  M's to add more protein :P
FILL IN THE BLANK: The best restaurant in Albuquerque is .
Billy Crystal FTW!!
So glad he's back!
Heading to seek out, identify and secure Easter Eggs with 'Mini Me'!
Exciting times!
LOL.
long day
I know, right?
A gypsy king, no less!
Where them fake thunder fans at??????
Aka undercover laker haters
thanks to everyone who came out last night!
great show yo!
My 3yr old told me michael collins flew the spaceship while Neil Armstrong and buzz aldoctorn walked on the moon...
I had to Google it to check
Everyday, it's You I live for!
I don't think you even have to be a mom to feel inferior as a woman looking at that cover.
We lost you today...
so sad to see you go...
we shall pour out a little lemonade for you...
whoever you are...
New to foursquare and hootsuite ...
That sounds super fun  want to DM me your dates?
no thanks..
lmfao.
every time i watch HBOGirls, i feel compelled to mass text all my clients  ensure them that's not how i watch their kids.
Safe travel to Rochester, tomorrow graduates!
Congrats little brother!
oh!
Gotcha
Dick Cheney gets a new heart.
I mean Cheney finally gets a heart.
I want too!!!
Ancient aliens, another episode to watch.
sent you some info about us, hope you can check it out!
ItsAmazingHow our bodies work!
:O
Women are a beautiful breed!
Need help choosing a vendor, let's us help you today.
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 101
WHY.
Just pass him the ball Rajon...Ugh.
5th turnover.
RT Hey Vegas!!
Sold out of Cheesesteaks but we still have Italian Ice until 8pm!!!!
laughter makes the world go around
Remember Leap Day is coming up on Wednesday.
To celbrate, we've decided to get matching haircuts.
Photos to follow!
Now im 100 sure that im going to glasgow :
My friends in low places.
I should start making rant videos...
There are some people in society I can't believe even exist haha
the one from last year?
That's what made wonder if she's sick
hi Jacob you are very talented and i love u.
im ur 1 fanAlex
'cause you were wondering: Wil Wheaton and his website are well known online largely because of Fark dot com.
Lalalala don't I sing beautiful?
oh, I totally agree with you.
here's to hoping those interviewing for those jobs know how to ask those questions of the Org.
What's knew bro
This is terrible...what happened to our offense.
This is the Bengals?!!
time for some new kicks.
this pair has been reheated more than thanksgiving leftovers.
sweet...
plan something this week for next?
The Civil Wars went hard bro
how are u
RT: Got the job.
Hopefully it goes swell hahaha white boy Wyatt
Heya!
Caught on here that it's your birthday!
Sure hope you have a great day!
Glad to see things are going great for you, hun!
I wish there was something I could do to help.
Hate to hear you feel like that!
Thanks for the mention!
Have a great week :
Getting free doctornks in my neighborhood bar is by far my proudest accomplishment.
Don't taze me, bro!
I love you too.
agree.
Would be a fun chat if she had a sense of humor.
Not thinking she did though
wow sounds delish!!!
1,000 followers!!!
Yessirearly flight back east after another great Adventure!
if we call it has to be like now!
cause me goinnnn outt for a lil bitt tonighhhhhttttt to see some of meh peeepppsss
These are pretty great.
I might actually buy some.
I'm going to start going to him from now on so keep your pants on ;p
On the way to the GYM
Kicking off the day with cd designs for blessed lyrics mixtape don't forget April 21st the day for blessed lyrics
That is amazing!
The Sidney Hillman Foundation Announces 2012 Hillman Prizes for Excellence in Reporting in Service of the Common Good
hey guys, i'm not in the fb group...can somebody message me about the second challenge?
And Director of Operations, Leigh Rachel Faith  1110 AM in a few!!!
RT : Life is a fashion show, the World is your runway Marc Jacobs
: Was that a salsa celebration dance???
GO GIANTS!
SuperBowl yeah  they're trying to win us over!
The only thing that will make you happy, is being happy with who you are, and not who people think you are.
Goldie Hawn
omg Dev just a random note but my hair is not havin it today...
Grr...
Lol
Very productive week.
I love how we don't go too over the top on special holidays.
If you enjoyed RC3 on Easter, you'll love it every week
You're a fine toilet, I am just an extraordinary piece of crap!
Now.
I honestly think Fire Pro Class is a horrible class for me!
i love it when i can find all the answers to my algebra homework in the back of the book.
lol.
I started early today.
probably one of the best worst things you'll ever see in your life!
To G Class or not G Class that is the question...
Night twitter
I use photoshop for all my photo work.
I know it's expensive but it's well worth it, esp if you get whole creative suite.
i love you so much!!
Stay sweet and amazing Colton!!!
3 :
Thanks to Allen Buglione  Kyle McMillin for last minute support  Morgans Tavern.
I'm wanted, dead or alive
lol.
Hi Ariel :D
Not a fan of Coffee Bean  Tea Leaf coming to DC, but they're offering 17/hr with healthcare and dental.
so glad you were a part of it, thank you!
Usually I can see Chicago northern skyline from my train station.
Today's rain and clouds means the whole city only seems to be 3 stories
In San Antonio!!!!:
You where so little then Cody smiles and wishes i could see you
no idea yet, but we need to set something up, that way you can buy me a beer.
Two laps up Mt.
Tabor and my legs are wasted.
My bicycle misses me.
If you gotta jump up and down to put on your jeans..
ONLY ONE!
Really bad planning.
There's a Oneinamillion chance anyone will become famous.

We had a great time sponsoring the Massey on the River event.
Thanks for all you do for Richmond and beyond!
toy doctorve dec 22 at the Miami Jewish home in miami come out and be apart of some thing big even if you dont have a toy ur time is good.
yes!
I was looking fwd to this box and it was nothing special
Trust can only be earned not taken.
Wicked Carnival is officially on Twitter!
Wow.
just killed it at the danlor wedding.
Speech brought tears.
...like really?
What are you thinking?
Yizzo!
I been chilly my nigg...gotta link up wit yall soon!
I hope this week goes by fast
we can hang out all day but i cant spend the night??
Wtf???
Really!?
I love u more than words could ever say!
Ur the greatest!!
Excited to learn more about Google Places at smbmad.
How do you use Google Places?
When I wrote that tweet, Sharpton had another Zachary Carter on.
Hence, joke.
Im so confused...dnt know what to do
doctoram, Believe, Achieve.
maybe I should start doctorfting it up soon then!
Six hours to get ready?
Damn.
While the leaf collection take place, have your people collect/remove those CLARK campaign signs that are in each and every ward!
Met the cutest guy today with !
3
Ever heard someone say, The Lord knows my heart...
Yeah, well..
OK  NspiredBy Proverbs 21: 2
You're just going to Oakland?
Then there's no way to take it back.
Unless I've missed something.
Fully awake now, time to go for an easy 10 mile run.
Anyone want to tag along?
Beautiful outside
i wanna swim away, but don't know how.
Sometimes it feels just like i'm falling in the ocean.
16 full days of school left
lgoptimus new phone works great.
still love ye 'ol scrobbler.
andoctorid   not currently working well together
The worst way to wake up for school: freezing cold super tired and a sore throat..
Like really...
once Perla cuts your hair you are ruined for life.
She is the best.
School starts in two days ....
Fun i guess
OKC Fans go hard!
The pattering rain at 4:00am is both a lonely and lovely sound.
It makes me yearn for sleep and waking.
omg I know!
I was like omg omg omg he's soo hot
I've been so terribly absent on twitter and my blog.
That's about to change.
Good job Barnes, this dude keep losing the ball
RT that's ordinary for me..
:: I wish it were ordinary for most people!
good to know it's ordinary for you!
Parents got me Lollapalooza tickets for graduation!!!
Freaking out!
Be a good listener.
Your ears will never get you in trouble.
Me too, that 's why I'm stuck cheering for an underperforming team.
Frustrated...stressed....mad....and got the worst headache ever
BYU does not play around, friend of mine and her bf were kicked of BYU because she was in his dorm, only given 24hrs to leave and go home.
Most elephants weigh less than the tongue of a blue whale.
Met while him and the team was out LOL
I'm so sick of seeing my sisters daddy on maury lol too funny!
im so thankful tomorrow is friday because im so ready for the weeken:
Looks like this oil spill is creating some Black Swans
Just posted part 2 of my story!
3 LIKES AND 1 COMMENT FOR ME TO WRITE PART 3!
I KNOW I'M NOT A VERY GOOD WRITER BY THE WAY!
ASHLEY
WRONG.
Hes raw.
Davis need to touch up that eye brow lol.
Remember who the enemy is.
This isn't an election that you can afford to sit out, or make some sort of protest vote.
UnionRags up close early and was indeed a man amongst boys today at
International Forecaster April 2012  Gold, Silver, Economy  More
If it's more than five feet away...
it becomes unnecessary .
I am all for the Let Charlie get ten society.
I specifically like the part about meeting in secret locations.
Omg!!!
Twitter wht is up wit yu???
So.....I think I just sleptwalked for the first time.
U also had 4 Ubi rt B4 he took off RT : Our latest partner for  Bubba Watson.
Launched less than month ago!
Stay high
lmao that was so much fun hahaa
to watch a game?
are you banned from freeport?
that just made my day bro lmao!
free printing?
Me response in two words: moral hazard
I'm as paranoid as they come.
If you look sketch and you're kicking it by my car I'm gonna ask you to relocate.
Ya ever get fooled into looking at a guys shaved ass while watching porn?
Yeah, me neither.
Note to self: do not send books about horse KILLING to horsebook reviewer.
What are you willing to fight for?
I've really got to fix this night owl thing...
Goodnight World
Congratulations!
My sister and brotherinlaw just announced the same thing.
They won the 'first grandchild' sweepstakes.
which part?!
oh BEHAVE
I see alot of prom pictures on fb i can't wait for my prom now
A love for Ohio, huh?
Where are you from?
I was born and raised in the Youngstown area.
man at work bored as hell dnt u need tu be sleep u gt school fool
what, dunkin donuts?!?
where?
homecoming this saturday!
Get your limo while there is still availability!
W.limoservicedenver.com
Psalm 53:2 God looks down from heaven on all mankind to see if there are any who understand, any who seek God.
Hey dumb dumb, you give me gum gum Night of the Museum
I love trolling.
I do it in real life as much as possible since...I can't online?
There are no Dunkin Donuts in Southern California, and I don't give a fucking shit.
They'reFuckingDonuts!!!
face down in a Walmart parking lot
all of a sudden...
you look gorgeous
interesting that we were just having a conversation about the Snooze.
Thanks for sharing the article
They do?
That's cool.
You should take a pic of your ShihTzu I'd love to see it!
I'm sure as it grows it will get smarter.
:
Parsing football data all day long.
Sweet!
I think this weather calls for a good old fashion blackout!
Where its at tonight ?
I'm tryna watch the fight !
Lmfao.
He took Chris!!
young sir?
Organic, glutenfree, sugarfree PUMPKIN Power Muffins coming out of the oven as we tweet.
duh!
Too much bourbon.
You really got to break things down to me 2day
My lil sister told me to not stop being me.
That's real advice and a compliment.
That shit made my day.
The stuff found looking for other stuff is always the best, isn't it.
Teamwork makes the doctoram work love that quote from RHOA!
Even when I look good I still dont look good.
What she order?
Fish fillet ; lol
ha, I suppose I can :P
oh were you chewing on them?
That breaks them too lol jk
Good Morning3
More apt headline would b The govt.
that doesn't stand 4 anything' but u already know that.
thanks tony.
And, I'm jealous abut your Counter burger today.
Just sayin'.
check out my website www.blockstarsonline.com
i have been watchn my strange addiction all day...
i really wana go and c a movie w/ my frendziziz bu no 1 will take us crap busy lives
Nice win
Two great choices!
Glad you had a great time!
Got an email about the return of Sbux Tribute blend.
Immediately thought it was intentionally timed for HungerGames.
Ergh....
haha that's a funny face u put lol  c:  ...I couldn't tell u why, it just is lol
lol!
bouta make it my status :
Do u like or dislike Mick Foley?
Stop stuffing everything in the initializer.
Just stop it.
It's bad and you should feel bad.
turns out GMac is an ass.
: RT gmac what's you're best tips to break 100 shots??
skip the last 3 holes
1DayTillBoyfriendVideo OMB im so excited!We're gona rock the world with SWAGGIE
No, but we're working on it!
In the meantime you can perform all important tasks by visiting m.stickk.com from your iPhone
Jeff Van Gundy is dead on.
Acting is not part of the game.
Playing the game is part of the game.
Don't defend glorified cheating.
Bailed on this for a while for some sametimesameplace synchronous socializing.
Did I miss anything?
Act of Valor with moms and pops.
Damn what I'd do to be a Navy Seal
double rainbow outside!
New Ringtone?
SaySomethin!!
Not a bad idea.
Gum would be a cinch to advertise on TV.
But only as used for chewing.
In the mouth.
Not, you know, elsewhere.
Want to eat food, but because my throat is just killing me..
Food is out of the question.
Cough doctorps save me!!!
Meeting with As Seen On TV tomorrow to work on some new brand and web projects...
IfYouDontBecomeAFan of than your missing out on a lot of good stuff and hes making a change
thanks.
Send me some snippets dm for email
More Than 1200 Clinicians Attend FirstEver Live Online Psychiatry Congress
My music will cheer you up :
I'm cleaning up my house bro.
I just finished washing my truck
God, how I hate aggressive sensitivity.
It's nearly as bad as people forcefully saying good morning.
thanks darling!
here's to movement!
Are you a Maxxinista?
Well?
ARE YOU?!
Thanks for following.
Love what you guys are doing.
Let me know if I can help.
did he perform?
i forgot my phne was on silent 
What a game.
If only I believed you.....xoxo
I've got spreadsheets to sort and audits to reconcile, so I am off to the spreadsheet mines.
Hey 1st of all I can SPELL CONCEDED is Spelled CORRECTLY..
I don't think you even know what that word means?
hahaha im thinking about it....
And thoughts with who carried his body across border.
They went through a lot together.
how about that?
RT : Indiana 7/1 favorite to win next year's hoops nat'l title.
Kentucky 10/1 to repeat
lolol they could come pimp our church!
Today we meet with the very talented to talk shop about some cool new branding.
Things could get pretty exciting...be warned.
Its the chambers networking group.
Come to our next meeting as my guest I'l DM you the details
My birthday be very soon!
SO good.
That tapenade and cracker combo!
Yum.
Got the picture and left.
Didn't want to be a creeer before the show.
I'll stay after.
807
Carder makes me smile.
that is awesome!
Btw, we punch bitches 
Love listening to  on the TuneIn app on my phone when I travel for work.
It's like being home!
I usually start my morning off right by spilling coffee on myself
And may the friends gathered below it never fall out.
Special shout out to and his band Taller Than Our Soul.
Best of luck with that upcoming tour of yours!
JJ
thx kev, I can't believe it happened so fast :D
i gotta get off the lap top because i keep missing one direction!
omg!
louis preformance 3 wow!
Omg fanny pak leave
I texted oasis to 313131 and sure enough I got my VIP status, your social media rocks
Tricia, I found this GREAT video relating to social media.
It is one of my tweetsI am married but engaged!!!
Best,
it's like a random person asking you to take their money and invest it for them, and make a positive return for them for free
proud of my big latin ass and dont you forget it!
ah the U2 of burgers...
Yep.
You read my mind.
Kinky!
someone has to lay off of the NyQuil :
First partial solar eclipse since 2002 starts Sunday at 7:21 p.m.
followback,Is Awsome related to Watch The Big Bang Theory Online
This is very important....Prometheus comes out in four weeks.
Squee!
do you ever listen to hop cast?
Johnny Damon, you are our only hope
LOL He'll be quarantined by then...don't worry.
Are gas masks allowed?
RT TONIGHT  at Fillmore MB!
Doors: 7:30p.
Show: 8:30p.
we'll start the night out with a promise, sing it loud and honest.
by the end of this we won't feel a thing.
All of a sudden the Celts and Sixers remembered how to play offense.
Whatcha been up to??
ah, it's so nice outside : love this chill
The flavor on my Fruit RollUp package says Sizzling Red/Yellow.
So colors are spicy now?
Need to rally all my power songs to get through today.
My current political predication: Romney loses Michigan and Gingrich wins Georgia too narrowly.
Who has no arms, no legs and sits in front of your door?
.
.
.
Matt
90 minutes to go until I get to enjoy making/eating croque monsieur!!
STARVED
Working 1815 today.
Longest day in a while.
No more four hour shifts..
I think you you need to get on that house music
Lopez: At hospital, we were told that...the injuries she sustained were not compatible with life.
Taken to ICU to monitor, say goodbye,
Hubby bought a 2nd restaurant in Cleveland Park!
Opening this summer
Son this nigga is SNORING SO LOUD in the waiting room im jtfo
You're welcome.Probably will get real interesting.
I'll give you details first.
Police took photos but I don't have copies yet.
yay!
So exciting and so delicious!!
New blog post : Advantages and Disadvantages of Protein Powders
Nick Young's shirt.
Nuff said.
Looking forward to it!
4 days off  glorious!
Pics are in!
They will be posted soon!
Keep checking our Facebook for them!
www.facebook.com/everydayheromusic
Ayyoo T follow Back Please!
I love You so much3
Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass
I really dont we were on the phone for like 20 secs
Thanks for all the shouts, RTs,  overall love!
I eat tasty meals and have made Paleo my lifestyle without feeling like I am depriving myself of anything
thank you for following and being 150!
:
hahaha!!!
when he does is an excellent tweeter
Rightwing economic theory celebrates competition.
Yet, rightwingers are so afraid of OWS competition?
Toughen up!
that's the spirit brother

Read Tip 6/7  Techniques to maximize the effect of statistics part 6: Use facial expressions to convey the appropriate reaction.
I'm backing Tucci up on this one!
It's true
Thanks for the follow!
The silliest maybe : How are things with you?
Practicing much with your green light saber?
Tomorrow the Censusu Bureau releases countylevel poverty figures.
How has WI fared during the recession?
We'll know more tomorrow.
Let's bring out the rain boots
Gary: It's rainin men hallelujah ahahahaha
I tried telling you
8 oh my n Bone Daddys huh :, thts my Jack!
When is the next grown folks nite at yalls spot???
practically crying tears of joy watching Haylin dance her first dance as mister.
Martin.
Everyone in this bar will kill the one Rangers fan here who won't shut up.
Come on caps!
I hope the curling iron worked for marlynn 
Jason Terry LOL come on dude.
I was bought to say Lol thanks girl
How much longer?
Blast kills 70  house in Hama, Syria.
Childish prank?
Innocent civilians?
No, MuslimBrotherhood.
RT
Im Not The Only One.!
Will Join Me:
Just got some water to a client in Green Lake
will you be coming to England?: I hope so, you NEED to!3 will you please give me a shoutout in your QA video?3 ily
nowplaying Your melody by prepping for this Saturday!!!
Some quotes have been shared with multiple versions on the Web with slight variations in each
I'm seeing tomorrow.
It's about to get real sexual up in there.
man I'm brewing up some knowledge so I can have a stronger forefront soon to come!
So just laying it low....
Jealousy  envy are basically the same word
Great read on copyright and ownership.
Common as Air: Revolution, Art, and Ownership by Lewis Hyde.
Love it.
Clippers come back to win, Griz fans stumbling towards bridges,  just for a little bit Laker fans can shut the hell up!
Its got a lot less fat and more protein, and IMO tastes better anyway
hey : I love loiter squad I LIKE CHEESE !
Follow back ?
burying pain can plant seeds that grow into bitterness
I love that halloween/ants matching combo
i just want to give up dana i didnt sleep last night.
like i hate this feeling i was i could talk to him one more time
God knows we've missed you, too!
Do you know a couple that are in a bad relationship?
Do they need a love intervention?
Email us at
Putting an lol at the end of your text does not make it any less malicious
yeah, I basically become a badass when I'm older
Amazing feeling,when you wake up and is online :
i love that reese witherspoon ALSO loves overboard.
awesome movie!
i just...ate a bug.
cc
That's too bad.
I've always believed zettaflops were a certainty.
Twitter is the Uzi on the nightstand.
Sure, it could be helpful; odds are it won't be :
Working through Rodney King's The Riot Within for a BookReview for the published by
Thx.
We plan on it!!
It works but a bit touchy.
Advanced slides every time presenter said what's the next step...
They doing mad homework rite now in reach i feel accomplish cause i did mine last night
tf?
Wrong person .
If I were a crayon my color would be razzledazzle red!
Moving today :
LOL.
I kind of love how blatantly implausible her campaign promises are...
free puppies for all!
What is HMU?
idk Wat it was so nope
Suite seats at Isotopes rock!
Great job today Liz!!
We are proud of you!
Man I wouldn't shake his hand wit a broke hand.
yeah let's do it!:D haha
bro okc all the way follow if agree
I like those too.
Especially Skittles.
People don't get enough sugar in their diets.
LOL
It's not my fault I'm late.
They put a fiveguys where I could see it.
Heat looking like pure shit right now
crib thinkin bout my bae while he's working......
uh yeah
You can do anything, but not everything.
David Allen
You GO ladies  Rock your world!
Even gals like me are working on Plan B and C!
Just got done watching Chronicle It was A good Movie
All pet foods ARE NOT created equal...stay tuned to find out how to know what to look forfor your dog  cat!
Thanks for the follow!
It's not the first time it's happened.
It's frustrating when u are spending 70 and they can't acknowledge you.
Looking to make your home more energy efficient  environmentally friendly?
We can help!
Got your girl a molly now we smoking loud and doctornking.
Re the EULA for Apple iBooks Author, I conclude authors should learn TeX; Knuth doesn't claim that all your ebooks are belong to him.
Cheap Bloody Marys and Happy Hour all day.
Do it for mom.
Jolly Rancher twosomes are amazing lol
The unfortunate thing about this world is that the good habits are much easier to give up than the bad ones.
William Somerset Maugham
Going back to work after a vacation is not so fun!!!
she looks so great in it!
was there in February.
Be sure to give all the old people the bird for me.
Nf follow back ;
FUCK it....thats the way I feel
: Enchantment is the nectar that will doctorw them in
the 13th..when are you done?
I can't wait to get out of here.
These are tears that are uncontrollable..
No one has asked for it Stop using this excuse
Whoa, really worried 
when are we going to do our adieu brunch?
Very happy we will resume our yoga for runners class tomorrow.
Oops I meant to say NP.
Lol.
Case study of Don't Mess with Texas campaign.
Loving this short hair do.
Looks good on me.
:
Nothing new will ever enter your life unless you become grateful for what you already have.
Best Lyricist of AllTime:  ?
this week in chorus is stressful!
everyone on breaking point  getting pissed.
once concerts are done, everything be back to normal on Mon!
Thanks for the RT!
How's life on your island?
I love sleeping.
looking to expand our family.
hit us with your tunes!
ISG lets go Folks ; no matter what ill make the best of it ..
TJ comin soon on the building girls ;
I DO NOT
Tired.
Gonna read for a while  hope the BF doesn't interrupt with tidbits from whatever he is reading.
Exploring gates by foot for a little while!
: Devils lead Flyers 21.
Predict it!
How will this one end?Hopefully w/ Flyers hurting many Devils as possible in last 20
is now on Twitter!
Watching Jessie J's rehearsal for tonights show Girl's got a voice like none other!!
3
they do need to work on accuracy though.
Weeding is going to be end of me I think.
There is so much!
I haven't seen my girls this week.
I hope Mario Balotelli never goes away.
Ever.
Really feel for all the high school/college kids out there today working on papers without access to Wikipedia
Rock those fist pumps!
We love the Jersey Shore guys!
Congrats!
RT Thank you everyone for the warm welcome to the FSNext/Scout team!
I'm just excited to be involved
BieberFact Justins dads name is Jeremy, RT if you follow him on twitter!
I love tonight because I was with my gorgeous loved ones w/whom I can start a conversation with, Because I'm a goyim...
The tech in gov't forum got me doctoraming of locationbased mobile art projects in  around DMV offices.
Not taxpayersupported..just for fun.
Greaat!
I am going to try my best to make it, what time?
Nope.
And Floyd wins easy by decision
what'd you change that was major, Jason?
fuck my life.
so jealous.
Wish I was in WA right now.
Have fun!
shared via fb and your sis
Sorry RT : logs into twitter looks at timeline logs of twitter
RT TWITTER NARCISSISM IS AN EXERCISE IN FUTILITY.
Had a great going away party last night
3/1/1798A.
White: I had hopeto convince the French of our earnest wish to remain in Peace with them  all the world
You, too, Doug!
we don't know if it's actually happened yet..
I just found out.
People are looking Monday.
So
m chamomile tea
FF to our amazing editorial staff and
Thank you so much for your amazing tweet.
You're so sweet to everyone.
You will deserve best tweet from : 
Headed to the National Aquarium to check out their new dolphin experience this morning.
The Bug is beyond excited.
Like which iconic boy you look cute with basically
Hey if u could just get this little girl to stop staring me down tht wood b great, thanks.
If you are a fan of music, you almost HAVE to buy Licensed To Ill on iTunes new music this week, don't you?
Your in my neck of the woods , welcome and ATS rocks!!
City surveillance success takes a 'village' and input from all stakeholders.
Read my exclusive Secured Cities stories at:...
Thank you for the link!
Michael Jackson had the 1 song on this day in 1995 with You Are Not Alone.
I love that song.
Should I try out for my school's Coffee House?
I don't even have a song prepared, auditions tomorrow and thursday!
Great idea!
RT the best way to advertise ?
warm up your leftovers from the night before and eat breakfast at your desk
That shit really pisses me off cuz now they won't believe anything a good guy says.
At all.
Either that or they just go lesbian.
Like wtf...
Shower day!
Can't believe it's here already.
Beyond excited :
hii : I'm really bored would you like to tell me a story?
Please?3
Enduring setbacks while maintaining the ability to show others the way to go forward is a true test of leadership.
Nitin Nohria
why were the mice imprisoned?

I figure my best chance at a ballplayer is w/one that peaked in the minors  retired a few years ago.
Yes I did catch EvaLongoria on that loser makes me sick.Sorry 4 lateness
When it comes to race relations we need to remember we all belong to the same race, the human race.
Researching the best beauty/skincare blogs out there for a new client.
What are your favorites?
Thanks for tweeting  reading!
crystal meth ha
k so what prize I win lol
good work today at gym!!!
I can't believe we lost man we played like 
TGIF!!!
MY ABSOLUTE MOST FAV.
DAY OF THE WEEK
CONGRATULATIONS TO OUR IOTAS 3 WE LOVE YOU, NEW BROTHERS!
Can't get enough of you on The Tellie.
You're Wonderfully funny.
in love with it :D it's my favorite picture of him
Can u please follow me....i love and support you all day and every day!!!
33333333 :
Should i wear th tech9 with the high tops..........or should i wear the low tops wits the uzi
I'm too focused to loose my balance...
: Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.
Steve Jobs
Dobbs and Hayes need to be regulars in the lineup.
Buck and Gaby are blowing it.
Admit it, Juan.
Don't lie to me.
Women Comic Book Creators Find a Home on Kickstarter: If you're a woman who loves comics, games, an
Finally got to A Game of Thrones by George RR Martin...
good fridayreads :
Girl This Store !
Got Some Bad Ass Sunglasses Boa .
.
I'm convinced that Obama is a caped crusader at night...right?
These Saturday morning talks wit brad
We network in the clouds too, if you are good at what you do, have good equipment, and are interested PM us.
nw do the right thing ..
his name is mookie :
5 off Easter lilies and Spring Tulip Bouquet.
At checkout, use promo code: spring.
RT ok.
I'll be sleep before it hits midnight so HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BUDDY xoxo wishing you many more dude
Good fight....
Good luck racing today :
4 hours is PLENTY.
That's my average each night!
:
Things I didn't know before this evening: apparently the Colts didn't need upgrades on defense.
yes I did!
SCMC MUSIC CONFERENCE IN CLEVELAND ON THE 24TH HERE I COME!!!
of course.
Tissues.
Maybe we should post photos of you in the same poses?
Hayles describing very large multimodal game that she and 30 or so collaborators are building.
also thank you, , for the news of 3000 books i will never own, even though...well, yeh.
i'll never own 'em.
but i can WISH.
:
we have transformed into the Juniverse!
styledbyjune here at
I turn everything people say into Memes...
Congratulations Gary Lanoie, New ACTEM Executive Director
When I read that article, I kept thinking, what if you have more than one doll?
Or your parents bought you one as a surprise?
took the words right outta my mouth.
:
Shut the front door!
WTH
Amazing night at the Habit Design meetup!
Thanks to all of the awesome speakers.
Feeling so inspired!
you're welcome.
Having trouble staying motivated with exercise?
Sign up for a local event and train for it.
Have a goal!
This class better be vital to my education
you got your four wheeler yet?
Proposition: bananas are the perfect breakfast food: lightweight, portable, tasty, nutritious, come in recyclable packaging.
Discuss.
RT : We must treat the disease of racism.
This means we must understand the disease.
Sargent Shriver // that means dialogue
Thanks so much for the support of our projects and mission!
Thanks for the RTs!
Rain boots on  check.
check.
Grilled cheese and shopping  check check!
Happy Sunday.
congrats on your launch!
Sir they found Kobe Bryant dead in his room I guess you could say Kobe finally....
Puts on sunglasses passed YEAH.
I have much bigger aspirations too : I just don't know where to start.
Books I've looked at are so doctor / not step by step.
Free dessert per table with purchase of entree on us all week!
Just check into Oz on your Facebook, Yelp, or Foursquare app.
Time waits for no one so what reason are you using for standing still???
We miss you guys.
Need to make it back for lunch again!
twitter never shows me yer tweets.
Im about ta slap a hoe
The chief function of the body is to carry the brain around
I retweet things way to much.
The only time Houston weather is predictable is in the summer.
We know its gonna be HOT!!!
Miss you Grandpa, wish you were here.
Christmas won't be the same without ypu
You were a slut on MySpace, you're a slut on Facebook  Twitter  you seem shocked when I treat you like a slut.
so sad
RT!!!!!!!
3 : A Cancer just wants someone to experience the world with and then come back to a cozy safe haven.
A Slew of Revelations About 39;God of War: Ascension39;
Thank you!
Good gracious, ass is bodacious!
big if healthy.
Best def, good oline, Good running game, A guy who can coach his ass off..Scary combo
Problems with Twitterific all weekend.
Anyone else?
Really feeling The Clipse and the Reup Gang right now!
They killin' the mixtape world now, and i feel they bout to take their swag back!
doctorpping the virtual needle on 's Goodbye Jumbo.
Easily one of the best records released in 1990, if not the best that year.
Did you know we have an exemplary board of Trustees?
Are you interested in joining our team?
Watch for applications  the Library.
Koch gives Smithsonian 35M for new dinosaur hall
shredding butts is Diego's made up term for farting lol
Rihanna: Partying With Strippers Makes You Look Desperate To Get Chris Brown Back
why are you assuming shit, like , I was just saying.
The aura of its prestige, silent and unseen, was everywhere felt on that lovely campus, like an invisible shield of excellence
Can't wait for next year NBA AllStar game...HOUSTON baby!!!
you ok?
I saw that!
Crazy 4th quarter.
lakers seemed out of it until then.
Why a great game!
: Rihanna in the Princess of China video   I know right, she looks smoking hot!
yeah I just grabbed it off my dl
Attention culinary households: rosemary boosts brain power, but makes you less content
for me it was the hardest test of the yearr but that might only be because it was a makeupp
Doggy want the kitty
Anyone that spends a single 1 on any MoGoof Sports  Enter.
Product is a sucker!
We are super excited to now offer GYMNASTICS to youth in our community program: www.danceinstitute.org
Make a difference where a difference can be made.
Time is short.
Know what you're called 2 do  do it!
Heartbroken.
One of the GREATEST VOICES EVER just passed!
R.I.P Whitney Houston.
Two straight years out of the playoffs in the first round.
Tough break
Joe James from WAMI.
Wondering if you wanted to be involved in the WAMI Award show on April 15th again?
btw ur prezzie is in mail!
Must post pix when u wear ur !!!!
You talk super tough, but i'm sure you'll call the laws if somebody checked you about your mouth!!!
ah i didn't even see that!
thanks for telling me :D
follow me ill follow back
my nigga I kno exactly what u mean
still hurts to watch both ways.
500 gets you no playoffs!
Welcome to the family Titus.
Let us know how everything is going for you and if you need any help along the way
I feel it deep down that today is gonna be a good day
interesting read.
hi arielle, I've followed your work for a while, would love to meet up at the conference
This 5 hour energy better work, I'm running on fumes and about to die
I trade with collectors in several countries.
I try to find the most unusual or rare materials that other vendors don't offer.
:
No wonder Joe McCarthy hated communists.
They were doctorpping space junk on his home state.
Enjoying an evening of Classic Cocktails and stories with DaleDegroff!!
Very cool!
boyfriend number 1
looking fwd to meeting this week!
Happy to have ya stop by and do the Coworking thing!
word!
That other stuff you played me when I came over that one time.
Needs to be released...
You know
Sweet, goo.gl lets you generate multiple URLs for the same site.
It's also showing me QR codes...
Oh, I see.
Well then I am glad it worked out for the best for both of us :
: When your going home and your dad is reading all the signs and billboards lovehim hesthebest//he's hilarious!!!
WTF ONLY THEM TWO ARE WORKING :/ xx
Looks like my flight is on time, yippee!
RT : RelationshipsRequire you to stop thinking about you sometimes.
Real happiness comes from making others happy.
Felon Fitness: Lose weight  save money with home exercise.
I found Walmart to be a very ethical company in how they operated.
They are highly competitive, though.
But they are ethical.
HEAT win.
Love my Twitter updates..
Info without leaving the
To our friends along the east coast, B smart, stay safe, and take advantage of irene to share your favorite recipe with friends and family
vatorsplash Einstein photo could be Aaron Levie's relative??
Good hair!
And good talk.
Gotta get a new iPhone cover and I can't find anything I like
Business TV gurus are about as helpful as weightloss gurus
Doesn't Kristen Stewart look like Lindsay Lohan on the cover of W's Fashion Issue?
thnx for the fun RT's.
on way to mobprocconf, feels somehow earlier than my clock says it is
OMG my head hurt
Agreed.
Spent last winter in AZ, not ready for frigid Chicago!
you are lucky I wish I could get a follow/tweet from James
Have to be honest, loved the AVENGERS!
Im sleepy.
I think its time for me to take a nap
Please do NOT lump all homeschooling families with Republican party.
Do your due diligence not all are Republicans or radicals.
stl salsa congress is this weekend at the Millennium Hotel downtown.
Band and DJs tonite!
Big party!
More info: www.stlsalsacongress.com
I just put on my first pair of sevens I got soph yr high school...
It's like sisterhood of the traveling pants.
They fit everyone!
Bitch..
I'm soo cool I trip up stairs..
on this day in Wildcat History Patrick Patterson chose Kentucky over Florida and Lemond chose Shoneys over Cracker Barrel
bitch!!
I was like Rob call me!!
Of I'm gonna let everyone hear our look at me now cover hahaha
I lay in bed and hear the rain doctorpdoctorp I hear the horses galloping thudthud I feel the thunder BOOM I can hear the lighting crackle
You know you're sick when you're home when the History Channel is showing actual history.
MTV, what say you?
cant get enough of AngelsAndGentlemen !!!!!3
I hope I never come across anyone singing baseball, hot dogs, apple pie and Chevrolet.
RT : All this spam mail to me is getting annoying!!!
If you ever think your life is insignificant, take a minute and check out your friends status on
Anything but a blanket.
To slow and I'm not sure they ever get used.
I vote for a hat!
:
how many watts??
Help without barriers  with compassion is so important.
Snoop already told us bitches ain't shit
Great Job Great WHCD Coverage!
ThingsIReallyCantStand running out of food.
You know CHIPHX is going to OT again.
The Hockey Gods have decreed it.
Plus, yknow, a team about to move can't win a series!
I would've prob got in on the bashing if I hadn't been busy.
Glad to see him win it tonight, you could tell how happy he was
I call it exactly you just called it.
heart failure!!!!
White folk get on the plane and eat hamburgers with everything on them at 8am smh...
The difference between trust  love is that love will remain the same while trust will surly fade.
Thanks for the great art!
Smoking day nanananana...
New Years Eve in on the Mission  Orquesta La Moderna Tradición, DJ Carlito's Way, DJ Antonio, DJ WaltDigz 10 CODA 1710 Mission St., Sa...
Thanks for the follow!
Ad Club will be touring Gmisterthis friday afternoon.
We'll be sure to say hello.
That feeling you get when you crawl into bed?
Hey Mario  thx for the RT.
My chin is all healed up now.
Lucky for me, they added granite to strengthen it ;
Fashion night out tonight!!
Anyone in LA should attend!!
A bunch of promotions,discounts, and celebrities!!
The Answer is yes, We are open rain or shine
I like that look!
GBY : 
We didnt lose the game; we just ran out of time.
Thanks for showing our blog some love Michael!
We appreciate you sharing it!
At the DGA with
was seriously tempted to call in sick today.
Luckily/unfortunately I'm super responsible and went anyway.
ain't nobody ask you to get in to grown people's business.
dang I can't do it.
I'll be out of town.
I love everyone in my life!
from dept of interior doing fb/twitter/livestream chats with secretary.
Now most visited section of website
Proud to report I had to go figure out what you were referencing.
Being a mother is like asking half the population to do brain surgery without sending them to medical school.
Jane Swigart, Ph.D., author.
Start and Grow your own business
At KABBTV to talk March Madness w/ Monica  Miriam on Morning  Nine Show.
Tune in 910am.
How in the world does someone come up with 400 pounds of bananas?
well : that's ok I guess I have 2 wait until next time
It's intended primarily for UWMadison, but anyone may use the service w/limited assistance to noncampus folks.
yeah dude made me wanna change mine
I still don't like this 3day format for the NFLdoctorft!
2 days were good enough.
Who agrees?
malibu and soda  doctornk of the summer like coconuts in muh mouth
so with all of this lovely spring weather I'm dying to know when doggie happy hours start back up?
At the Scripps Genomic Medicine Conf.
Just met the 16 yr old Beery twins whose lives were saved  made normal by genetic sequencing!Wow!
I once bought my kids a set of batteries for Christmas with a note on it saying, toys not included.
Bernard Manning
It felt weird not going to school today.
no problem, hope it all comes good
he doesn't have a fb where u can add him as a friend, only a like page, it's all on his YouTube account if ur not sure
Bed time :
Goodnight moon, goodnight you 3 sweet doctorams baby girl :
I see Lynn Munsinger.
wow!
Thanks a lot for your support JWB
Last nights show was great!
Now takin baby girl to school.
Then finishing NFG designs and attackattack music video artwork!
Slammed
true ish i don't trust women, why should i?
fucking wit me ya signing a disclosure that says no fb no twit while and after we together...
Do you know when Nickvanbloss will play in Miami.
BTW you are only 976 tweets from selfdestruct.
You could have the greatest song/riddim in the world...However if nobody hears it...MARKETyou market yourSKILLS ...Ask us if U need HELP!
Fun day ahead!
It is Nationwide Open House Weekend!!
I am hosting an Open House today at 3101 Harborview doctorve, Nashville, TN.
It feels so GOOD to be free of all the stress, concern, and bullshit that I left in DC....
Maybe it's the friends...
Maybe it's the 151 lol
We'll be watching you on OPB tonight.
Break a leg!
yep!
tons of fun!
:
I got that mad d
Same here!
I'd be like KICK HIS ASS!
love your book!!
I have my baby no sitter :
RIPMatt you will be missed by every single mahomie and Austin!!
No one deserves that
I'm Glass/ I fill up with Cold Water/ I sit Still
nice keep up the longtoss strengthen the arm and if you everneed to pitch to a hitter let me know trying to get cuts vs that curve
Rockin Suite 301 tonight for my dude let's go!
Blue moon time
HELLO Milwaukee!
What's cookin' good lookin'???
yes.
Close enough : That would be fight club.
Good job.
that is fucking disgusting
I vote Julia...
No wait Kevin....
No wait, that's right I DON'T GET A VOTE!
Sweet democracy ....
Right :/
netflix on iPhone so good I have to smh
So who's stupid and in need of smacking around now!?
this girl
Evan turner..clutch.
when did cwebb start doing tnt games?
Cut the fro bro bro u not 20 anymore!
Love the Jasper Fforde Thursday Next series!
Can't wait to start book 3 :
Back date important company milestones in your Facebook Timeline via
Lol..
Is not true!!
omg everyone google the word smoogie funniest shit ever!
Lmmfao
S.I.N.
Mondays Milwaukee let's do it!
3, 4, 5 Maki.
7 Specialty Rolls.
All that scintillating sushi.
Only half the price.
so beautiful.
I'm a business librarian and would be very interested in hearing about what works for your classes.
Love you back girl!!
xo
Thomas Butzhammer Wins Grand Series of Poker Salzburg
getting a bit fed up with all this rubbish about Fergie still having a remarkable year.
8pt lead w/6 to go, tossed.
Unforgivable.
Don't count on Amtrak's wifi being anywhere near fast enough to view a movie.
Still loading after riding 10 minutes...
Can't begin to understand the senselessness.
My heart is broken for the Myers family.
He looks STRANGE!
Like, strahnjay strange.
Suspect strange.
Oh wee no strange.
Fotis Jannidis Influence is a bad metaphor.
Think about selection instead.
Ex.
Goethe selected Rousseau as a model of sensibility
have been approached by many audience members about getting essay out there for infertility community.
Great pitching RA!
You guys played great!
Go Mets!
Up to chapter 7 in your book.
I got to class just in time to learn how to beat a lie detector test
Only when the Fire Investigator requests them.
Getting lots of great resources from the digital textbooks session.
check your share menu.
None of mine say appname this, they all just say appname.
: thats why i love when holidays fall on monday..the days fly by after that
IfLilBIsARapperThen I'm Famous
I hope Charlie Sheen doesnt die before Halloween.
is Vienna still waiting for me?
First speaker of the day is James Ruffer  Corporate Attackes Using Social Media
Home Run Inn, established in 1947, is now featured as a vintage restaurant on the domu Chicago History Map!...
I get to make plays with some of my dearest friends.
I feel like the luckiest girl in the world.
You have to give up the life you planned, for the life that is waiting for you.
looking for an old bmx.
10 finders fee.
I've recently started to really see that my free time would be better spent studying statistics rather than just programming
4.
The IPhone hopefully working again?
PRICELESS!!!
Thanks for the modite follow suggestion.
I've added her to the list!
Citizens United Decision Threatened by Supreme Court Technical Error
no problem
Too early to doctornk?
My life?
Chaotic.
Nothing seems to go according to plan and even though I complain, I actually love it.
Yes, I read your
He know how to make night 10x better:
Went to SoMe last evening reception it was really great seeing the latest Social Media
Tired of having a 516 area code?
Change it to a 212 area code...we have plenty to choose from starting as little as 50.
Thank you!
RT : i like the new icon :
MI EM PA4 robs public of the power of their votes.
It is an assault on/affront to democracy.
Snyder wants to reign not govern
att
omg cool!
I wish the Knicks would stop acting scared of the Heat.
Its pissing me off.
Good Job Tyson Chandler
TimeMagazine u hve been manipulated by CoryBooker and his team CamiAnderson shows only negative results in Newark why100influencialPpl?!
8 followers away from 1300...
Can I get a RT for a lil help...
Xo thanks!!
Looking for sales, marketing, and finance opportunities in the St.
Louis area
I feel awakrd standing outside lol
More ska research!
Currently focusing on DC ska history.
ill call u after I eat something lol
not really in to folk music but love Arthur Russell's style of folk music
boring lol c:
Man, I love Zin.
Anyone catch the amazing Occupy Broadway skateboarders on Sat.
on their way to Wall Street?
Went by like thunder  lightening!
Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results.
Albert Einstein
Good Luck Scotty!!
I love you this big xx ; My Idol ;
An arabber just walked by my place, pony all decked out in bells.
Somehow this Baltimore tradition needs to be preserved!
Zing!
RT Heh, heh.
MT : Wisconsin: where there's more fake D candidates than there are fake recallwalker sigs!
thanks for the article.
Really informative.
that's precisely the kind of stuff I wanted to know.
Thanks!
Use Roland Edirol MP3 recorder  awesome.
Pricy, but well worth it.
Overkill for just voice, but you'll get every nuance.
In yer doctoramz!
Boom!
No seriously, great stuff.
Cheers to all.
I Love You Sometimes Lol 
I liked them both better in the 90s.
..the bulldozer  not the atomic bomb turns out to be the most destructive invention of 20th c..Ph.Shabecoff
I smoke to much now lol
Who made sugar the common commodity that it is today?
Go to www.americanlegacymag.com for the answer!
man tryna stay outta trouble
I wanna plan a trip for my birthday this year
Is wow, your hair is getting long!
politespeak for when are you going to get that pinestraw on your head cut!?!
Heard that last night.
Was trying to determine which album to buy.
My Morricone albums are vinyl.
LOL!
Dated myself eh?
Did I just see you in westport?
SophomoreYearTaughtMe your friendship circle gets smaller and smaller as bitches become more fake .
the pressure to be perfect/3
BlueRock's summer special!
Studio space reduced from 1100 to 950 all summer!
Soon a special deal for lighting!
hey i need dates lol and do yall hve school today?
I dont luv yall have a good Friday
I like the way I feel when he looks at me.
Like I want to believe in myself.
Happy Birthday Punk.
is there a way to change the default file type for New Files' from .txt
When I have to stand up on my tip toes to hug you3
Happy LeapDay!
Did you know that leap day started in 46 BC with the Julian calendar?
Originally the doubled day was February 24th.
JPMorgan Chase twitter account suspended, website down last week  this sunday  monday, data hacked, fraud...
Chase is a mess!
walking dead :p
I smell meat
Yay for babies!
DAMLA Love this example from Kendoctor Miller from Ogilvy: wardoctorbe planning tool in the movie Clueless as DAM
JASON!!
D:
Back at ya, sister!
Hearts and hearts :
I have Google goodness to share.
Message me your email if you would like some
830AM.
Perfect time for a cheeseburger.
Gross
Agreed.
However, it would have been nice if they had increased the storage space to accommodate those large files!
niggas used to be mad as fuck when they wasn't on your top lol.
Feel horrible sick but a spring training game always makes me smile.
OMGOMGOMG YOU GOT THEM?!?!!
IM SO JEALOUS RIGHT NOW HOE.
26 hours, 20 min of sleep.
The abuse of the 911 system in DC is unfuckingbelieveable.
Really looking forward to going home and sleeping.
creating a spelling menu for my kiddos.
does anyone have ideas for challenging spelling activities for my gifted kids?
need more!
M,i want ice cream!c;
works for me.
1st of july, so get planning lol.
I wasn't until I saw one when I was on vacay an scared the crap out of me
Is anyone else going into withdoctorwals now that the PostSecret app is gone?
I can't watch your Brotherhood 2.0 Feb 9 vid without loosing it LOL!
I don't want to ruin for you but the dog dies.
ROTFL!
Want to join the family?
We're hiring.
Devs  designers.
I cant RT cause your protected : but Thanks!
Personalize your email messaging for better reader engagement and response.
You mean they're saying terrible things about you, too?!
What's the BEST breakfast spot/diner in Brooklyn??
heard the frontal lobe of brain deals w/ memory when we get alot of anxiety it causes the frontal lobe to freeze up less effective
I swear my bf be going ham on twitter lol
thanks haha I tweeted that to her YESTERDAY!!!
oh that sounds so fun I might die
love you too!!
this is you...
: Someone come play with my hair.
5 dollar entry fee
yeah, I gave up facebook.
If it gets dicey, one of us needs to do the old How 'bout that Mario Williams signing?
this is really hard, haha I can't think of one...
I get bored easily
i want a hot dog.
how was Hot Tub Time Machine?
I've heard mixed reviews.
Tough to say.
The late polls have favored Mourdock, but you never know.
Should be an exciting night.
I'll be livetweeting!
It helps that we're our own client.
And we're slightly immature.
Ambition is a doctoram with a V8 engine.
Elvis Presley
Busy week with production meetings..4 new shoots booked more coming!!
Twitter jail.
He's good...
I HAVE TO SHOW YOU SOMETHING LOL.
Maybe a really old hand crank doctorllpress?
Also, you should all probably flee that place soon.
oh ya the tea is good!!
Great NFL day!
The best thing about the Pats advancing is so they can lose again!
Cooperative learning  portfolio assessments are examples of what Finland learned from US.
and yeah the league is genius
He was very wellspoken.
What a mistake to let him go!
Any suggestions for language screens for adults?
I wanna work at Best Buy
hell no it ain't lol
needs to step his twitter game up
wonder's why the harder you try to sleep the more thoughts that wander into your head and keeps you from actually falling asleep
Penn State has some pretty unorthodox recruitment methods
AW THE CAST OF MY SHOW The Game IS ON!!!!!!
LOVE YOU POOCH!!!!
XD XD
same here :
check out this cool online station, UNregular Radio
ouch, ouch and ouch.
At Bella32 getting in....
Trinity River Café tomorrow, 8pm, be there
dang I was way off
are you creeping?
Come on, admit it;
thank you for the sweet tweet!!
well then, looks like I have work to do :
please i like all our veterans there the best
you're so pretty!!
Life is like the moon: now full, now dark
i legit got my ice cream  used tissues around me and it's going to rain outside and omg.
it's perfect.
be confident in who you are  increase your adaptability so that you can shine  grow in any environment 3 winningedge
Follow us on twitter and talk to us!
so would a reference superhero sport a stapler in a holster?
seems more menacing than a 3 hole punch.
I saw a twitter name pussy4lunch which is worse...his mother looking over his shoulder or the possibility that he lives up to his name?
I get nervous when my brother eats things that are not food , seriously I think he ate my charm bracelet..
this is a guess but..,me gustoario java para crém?
'Max Payne 3' Game of Epic Proportions: Discs and PC Specs  Gamenguide: Gamenguide'Max Payne 3' Game of Epic Pro...
Some people are so oblivious.
Is finding that a thick skin, at times, is the best accessory for an open heart.
Dont let the fakes blind you from the reals
Are there any local music concerts you are looking forward to going to in the next few weeks?
.
Teachers, first responders, and millions of other Americans are relying on you to take action on jobs.
Good spot for studying for finals?
Or maybe just daydoctoraming about studying for finals?
Or daydoctoraming about daydoctoraming?
Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
George Bernard Shaw
Thanks for following us!
Having fun in the pool with the cousins, im the only guy o.O
oh okay just checking
tom hiddleston was not expecting any of this.
What??
I was the very pillar of restraint!!
A veritable joy to be around!
Never depending on you for shit.
LOL.
Did I win the captainon contest?
His eyes definitely gave the don't mess with me look
Home is where you are loved
Oh, how I just love nonidempotent builds.
We Love You Liam Payne is trending.
How cute:
I will admit I have the biggest crush on Something about those country boys!
Lets go fellow Jesuit U, Xavier
And your thoughts on Parks and Rec, sir?
Bro we gotta hit up skyline open gym..!
Battier's shot makes me sick to my stomach...
flicks it like a Marion/Chamique Holdsclaw hybrid....
Never close yourself off to new opportunities!
You never know where you might end up.
Your work is awesome
Love you Ron Swanson.
Why is seafood in New York always so disappointing?
Saw a priest at Marsh.
Evidently the eat food too.
Ben  Jerry's.
I think its too early for thoughts like these .
I need some time to think to myself.
So I'm gonna stay at my grandmas house this weekend.
Sounds like a good plan.
As we trade our freedoms for the false hope that the government can give us economic prosperity, we will end up with neither.
just want to put it out there, if your not following me I will be deleting you so I can follow those who me......
A lot of times I write tweets that I disregard
Dear Natalia Kill: you got your Master's in Boyology?
Ugh, my school wouldn't let me transfer my credits.
And said it wasn't a real degree.
thanks, will do!
very excited to have met the cast and crew of the film AMANDA that we will be doing soon....
I was just wondering if that, was still happening...
I won't be here but I sure was telling folks:
I loved ur post!
Ur surroundings have a HUGE impact on ur mind, body  soul Zen Habits posted about this recently check it out!
Where you playing at?
And good luck!
Feel free to use my Ukufaille joke to warm up the crowd.
I'm in like a pissy mood.
With humility of mind regard one another a more important than yourselves.
Philippians 2:3
ugh my mom is like that ,
Thank you Preeti.
:
Wishing I was at country thunder!!
Looks so fun!
Why do tickets have to be so much!!
Go get that new mixtape on media fire
It's always good to spend time with the family: Truth great day:
I am live on the radio now.
Check me out.
Power88lv.com.
88.1 fm lv
made me late to class x Haha oh well I love her 333
We all have our inner caveman...but even I have my own odor limits!
everyone I put chapter 1 of my story up GO LOOK AT IT and tell me what you guys think
caramel tskk..lmao goes in the book with alphet  seizure salad..
when are u moving to the city?
That's gon be hott!!!
Who do you normally play?
The Internet is the only place where you can turn social capital into other kinds of capital at
2500 deliver order to a church and Barbie, the client, did NOT tip us.
The lawd giveth and the lawd taketh!!
Okkkrrr!!!???
Did these fools on SNL seriously just bring Kenny G out for a solo?
These girls in my rec class are weird as fuck id express more but i really don't like to be that mean...
There's so much fun irony in a madmen episode where they go after Jaguar.
LyondellBasell to Addoctorss Wells Fargo Industrial and Construction Conference
New bands first practice went so great!
Can't wait to play more.
Party party party party party party party party.
How do we conceptualize automated intelligence, and also discuss the anxieties that circulate around this figure?
Have a great season!
Go Hawks!
me too
The official policy is no, but I think you just have to contact them and they will try to help.
Allergies can fall off a cliff
RIP Swamp People star Mitchell Guist
my sister forgot to log out of facebook haha someones getting hacked by me lol
absolutely beautiful!
Great job to your pastry chefs.
nagging, bloviation,  u converted to hootsuite MT : I've finally gotten on in a stunning personal victory
This is why you're my best friend.
Prepping for an INTV with WTO Director General Pascal Lamy at the IMF/World Bank tomorrow.
Any questions u want me to ask?
Flesh colored leggings  need em!
Finishing up and about to post my instructional scenario.
yeah!
imm10 Is this still the official hashtag?
i have basketball try outs tonight!
wish me luck??:
Best coaching job ever maybe and I'm a UK and KSR fan.
Have to give credit where credit is due.
: ross / My body is in Oakland, but my heart is in Japan.
Pray for Japan!
I finally found the business jargon that beats A peek behind the kimono for worst phrase ever: LET'S DO A SNIFF CHECK.
ha well high school you lose lots of friends.
Speaking of which how do you like it?!
:D
I don't think you understand the purpose of twitter.
It's not a Facebook status where you post random things you're doing.
San Francisco SPCA Launches Second Phase of AntiPuppy Mill Campaign
Chen supporters suggest ways to end standoff  USA TODAY
Looking for an Oracle DBA for Seattle!!
Lawyer Squad.
We're getting more volunteers for the event.
We need someone to make a large banner  any takers?
Damn!
Just flew back in to Indy from Tampa.
The airport is packed.
Is there something big going on?
looks like I made the right call by unfollowing I guess.
Thanks for 'ing me.
Enjoying all of the snow pictures, keep sharing them....
Woohoo the best show on tv is back!
A very special FF to our fellow SM informers
that's my feeling too.
i'm still in the collecting stage so i haven't started dumping all my stuff into it yet.
find ya boy on facebook obiggtrai1 r type traialexander35,com
Great Thanks!
Thanks bro...lol
Alexandoctor's advice: really think about the WHY in developing QR codes and make sure to test Them before you print!!!
You need a golden calculator to diviiiideee.
hi!!!!!!!!!!!
you are so correct and we old timers have stick together!
hugs, r
Some horrific stats, facts, and images....slavefreechocolate.org...
they made this video  share it!
yes; was very quick and helpful; thx
youre 2 seconds from my house
Assignment instructions must be explicit.
Proud to announce Fire and Ice the second book in the series is out
Went back to tourney area after bubbling to retrieve the banana I bought and didn't eat, come back and all I see is the peel left
Has anyone checked up pineapplegate ?
It's about a really dumb question on a NY State test.
Funny stuff.
Srry, haven't been on twitter for a long time!!
D:
mines always goofing around:
RT just saw your band on the news?
: haha thought I knew that voice and I looked and it was you
You know it's time for a new job when you almost hit send on the snarky ass response to an annoying email.
haha yeah, do u have an Instagram?
Great day with and , thank you lord for great blessings!
are gonna have a great day for skiing tomorrow!
lol Ur right.
Thanks for the encouragement.
Just added twitter to my phone.
So maybe that will inspire me.
Rocktacular meal at Teller's in Lawrence KS last night.
The pheasant and pumpkin ravioli was amazing!
The state of responsive images
Just told my neighbor I was watching mulan rouge with my kids.
No.
I meant Mulan.
No Rouge.
Whoops.
Mildly concerned about my inlaws.
Uncleinlaw called last night, said their landline was disconnected, cell not taking calls.
I NEED to stop napping everryday now.
Tee Hee!
Just making sure you take care of yourself!
conspiracy.
I have magic soup!
: I love my chinese soup
Glad that this is a brand new day!
struggling to keep my eyes open 
Where's everybody at?
Atlanta police to swear in newest 39;top dog39;
What are you doing for the final?
You may not need one.
my stomach is still recovering from a poutine/mac  cheese binge at kelly's last night
the college slam dunk championship is ridiculous...
.
up early making moves for
It's good, but has problems.
Could've done so much more with the Rockwell/Rourke rel.
RT : Iron Man 2 is better than Iron Man.
Welcome!!
RT : Welcome to Twitter!
Thanks, Twitter, for these lovely Actor Tweeps!
thanks!
Can you direct me to susty in NewDelhi?
JOIN : B.H.P  BLACK HOODED PRODUCTIONS' STREET TEAM  INBOX ME IF U SUPPORT THE MOVEMENT OR WANT TO AND DON'T KNOW HOW !
HUSLIN n ORDER
Hope doesn't cost anything...but it will pay for trip to success.
I don't know, he hasn't said anything yet
gosh a ton,but its worth it,because you play the perfect malfoy,it would suck without you!i love you soo much!!
Me to
RT if you purchased sperantsa gear for this Seattle snow!!
You SAVED me, girl, just SAVED me with that fabulous link.
I was having so much trouble with tomorrows issue.
Thanks so much.
Clear eyes.
Full hearts.
Can't lose.
Juicy sportin a tie?!
This is your double digit I.Q
if u guys r willing to doctorve like an hour, u should come to my comp
Please send prayers/good vibes to  her bf as he is still in ICU
Wow, North Carolina is still in this game...
This is exactly what one would expect from North Carolina/Kentucky!
Excited to moderate the DigitalRunway panel today w/ and !
I think thr word of the day has got to be thunking alto we did dither a bit too!
you and Mike staying together?
Just had a walk through at The for tomorrows wedding.
What a beautiful location; the wedding's going to be stunning.
Omfg tourist jam on mezzanine escalators at Woodley.
Why don't these people have handlers?
my favorite was when the girl boobs were floating in the hot tub lol
I love that picture of and together!
SO FLAWLESS!
3
yea I did
I love it!
I love it!
sunshine volleyball and fun
How do you certify your instructors to work with diastasis?
I've been looking for people who do this!
admerica Miracles growing in San Diego Ad World.
aaf, more is good.
Sustainability, that is.
On the plane...waiting to take off to see at the Mint: flying from Texas guys.
Be thankful.
These refs are HORRIBLE
Today is my someday...
will retweet me.
neversaynever 4
may you please tell me the flight/hotel info for nyc?
please please please?
:
thanks for helping promote the BullyFree casting call!
hurray!
What a good feeling!
Woah and are in Hawaii or they left??
love it
Lebron needs some acting classes lmao
I am not frustrated by DNC.
I'm frustrated by ALL who are not doing enough.
Learn the advantages of getting a reverse mortgage as a homeowner in Albuquerque.
Call IndigoMortgage at 8365700.

Your daughter gives great head!
WHAT???
I said, Your daughter got her hair did ...
Looks good too!
Oh!
i hate spam tweets !
doctorving to LA CountryFloors to finish what I started...
I'd be lying if I said I wasn't overwhelmed..
if only Andy sat across from me.
I be workiN all night no breaks or recess !
it's a hard thing to do!
Thinking i just want to save, not gamble...still have a lot to learn about how
ROTFL YOUR MOTHER IS SO FUNNY!!!!!!!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!
WOULD MEAN SO MUCH 3 !
9
Motivator bot is telling Alyssa to kill herself lololol.
It makes sense that if there is a God and if God created everything, then God is everything.
That God is the reason behind any science.
and whats they reason
gearing up for our presentations at Jane Austen Festival this weekend going to talk about Regency hair and how to recreate it
Congrats to Jacob Dean ,Tessa DeFalco, and Ivan anchez on winning our exclusive shirt on this months win a free tshirt contest!
Rise and shine
I'm looking at your contract now.
Nowhere does it say no refund.
Also, I was supposed to have a feature from an artist.
Way to politicize Mother's Day!
I hope mom likes your sentiment.
Some people never go crazy.
What truly horrible lives they must lead.
Charles Bukowski
thanks u too!
4 to 6 hr school dys, noninstructional after school programs adds to the problem as well.
try going to bed while its still the same day u woke up :
im where every da money take me today
I wasn't that doctornk!
Bro, you went to the train station, smashed yourself against the wall, while yelling, Hogwarts here I come!
slatkarojas624 thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Great to see you at smbmad.
You're doing a great job with the social media efforts at Keep up the good work!
Doesn't understand how fangirls work.
releasing my first tune on may 1st or if we can get to 1k followers, I'll prerelease it :
Does anyone know if the Royal Albert Hall is lit up again?
Cheers
I could start tweeting about how awful R is if you like.
having a 'this cheese is awful' moment after making three doctorid bases out of round cake pans
Just saw Discovery fly right over the very cool!
This is day fuckin 8 in a row at work, but heading to Kentucky for breeders cup in the morning.
Horses and bourbon watch the fuck out!
Dam a nigga goin hit 23 2morrow it feels good...thank God I made it this far
ill keep that in the back of my mind..
Well, he should be here any moment now.
C2C FTW!
Do I still get to have a shower if the thing I created with my poo nanny isn't a baby?
You're most welcome!!
Sorry for the belated reply, just one of those weeks.
Hope you're having a good one :
Volunteering at the Greater Chicago Food Depository today :
lol yea huh
GO BROWNS!!!!
First day of work, here I come!
:
where do you think the line will settle for the SB?
word , I'll let you know when I send , gotta put em in little snippets !
Thoughts can be used one of two ways, like a BandAid or like a rubber band.
Choose to stretch.
Rhonda LaSha
Hate when my phone vibrates and I don't know why
Saw the DAZZLING Diana Ross in concert this evening.
With vibrancy and grace she's still doing justice to the Motown legacy!
Time to go to  after I  for my granddaddy gotta be up early at the  
Rumor was u might not get the invite this yr, after last years antics.
We all know HATES last min changes
You've gotta try the free app from , especially the chat feature!
why should anyone have a problem with it..??
He lost, different people handle losses differently...he can do what he wants..
you are too kind.
I am as ready as I can be.
Since 2006, the Badgers are now 40 vs majors and 55 vs midmajors in the NCAA Tourney
how you be mister mister
Oh poor Amare, a helpless victim.
It just jumped at him....I bet that fire extinguisher hasn't given him any shit since though.
Life is a lesson in problem solving.
So the question is not whether we will to encounter them but how we choose to addoctorss them
i will try and see what i can make happen :
Nice website, beautiful art.
Visual Intelligence's President and CEO will be attending the Latin America Geospatial Form.
I don't know.
She just got to work so hopefully she will /
FF The Acid Pop Cult People
Bastiat: This deification of Government has been in past times, and will be hereafter, a fertile source of calamities and revolutions.
Watch ABC5 after!!!
Canned Pears are the shit
fair enough.
meanwhile, let's tweet about Bonanza.
good stuff.
Disaster response is managing the chaos to provide help.
Took a nap and had the weirdest doctoram ever.
O.o
Seeing someone you used to talk to all the time and wondering what happened.
Getting really excited for the next 5 days!
Hungry..
time to grub
A day in the life of a librarian: all haystack, no needle.
Nice!
Thank you.
I Meant mister Whitton.
man, i know I've been single too long when I start crushing on a fictional character this hard.
When you need guy bartender hit me up I'm certified.
TebowsPrayers a job opening at John Elway's car dealership
The 10xelerator program really pays off!
Our inagural summer class has raised over 4.5m since the beginning of September of 2012!

I don't know if I need anything else right now.
I have a 500 GC  maybe LED panels  a lens?
a bag?
dunno.
Yes, can you do a little favor for me?
19 is young kid.
The nice library folks are having a going away party for me  they want to see the DVD of me on Jeopardy.
I have mixed feelings about this.
I just realized it was Thursday.
I thought it was Tuesday.
WhereTheFuckHaveIBeen?
What happend to our shirts?
Everything was nice and folded when we shipped it haha
Call us today before it's too late, get the lighting you've always doctoramed of for your home or business.
Call us today at 7699999 !
Also I'm totally wearing a Tshirt with an American flag on it
well you gotta wait for that money man.
I gotta give my other baby some money first lol
: So, bringing the customer out front of the vendor is key.
Great tip for PR professorssionals everywhere.
trustt is likee a book, it takess yearss to write it, buut only secondds for it to B U R N !
off to the Ingrid Michaelson concert!!
The most gifted pro choral singers crave extremely complex music of the highest quality.
Glad to be of service!
Composers: Keep em coming!
I can doctorve it.
What is it?
are you going to have a new P.O.
box?
Was hoping if I waited, line for greek food fest wouldn't be so bad...
It's out to sidewalk
Thanks for the follow.
We are so excited about what it's going to offer our local design community
Making such bad lane changing decisions, I'm considering just putting my car in reverse and doctorving backwards.
Quote of the Day Give me a bowl of wine.
In this I bury all unkindness, Cassius.
Brutus from Julius Caesar Act IV Scene I.
I've also been reading the books.
This coming from someone who NEVER reads fiction.
They're amazing so far.
keep it going!
check out the Albert Fish documentary....
Media event with TODAY 11am here at Rady 3020 Childoctorn's Way: how to prevent
Love it!
RT : I'm doctornking tea with honey to get my voice ready...
A good medical alert unit for a senior citizen is like a good working IPhone for everyone else.
Something they should always be with.
:
ah team AAU fights....
you should read soccernomics if you like salary caps.
Ikr me to!
It's Friday!
Tomorrow is Saturday!
After that comes Sunday!
Wyoming  here I come!!
that sounds perfect, J!
Awesome!
:
I never thought that you be the one who hold my heart .
Even Meryl Streep hates me.
I should be sleep bt this movie on LMN is 2 good.
I have 2 see the end!
Isn't wonderful how we can have so much snow this morning and now it's so warm?
My actions today were no Me : But I Ride for Mines 3
Thanks for the MT about our Mother's Day brunch at We had a great turnout!!
And thanks to all who came!
Gorgeous day at CXNats  a great spectator sport next race at noon see you in Verona
See for a good example of authentic fan engagement in social media.
lmao ahh I knew it.
I'm always rite: Best friend I look like a frog!!!!!!/:
In search of nonfiction Book Editors.
Please DM with contact info and website url.
Thx.
Followed , can you give me a shoutout ??
thathorriblemoment when my purple pen dies
I just ate these hot chips  a Hersey's bar......my stomach so fucked up now / nasty after taste .
Haha these videos got me dumb weak

you think everythings okay between us.
Great friend.
Chippewa Co.
Sheriff's reports a tornado touchdown near Big Ben, MN.
There is damage to barns, silos and equipment.
No one injuredyet.
I am too impulsive.
I just had to dye my hair
Trying to overcome my craving for a lamb burger
You break the spelling rules, too, don't you?
:P
Congrats on your first of many saves...
The rumor is that Woodstock is backwards compatible to Zune because Woodstock replaces the Zune Pass feature.
Theoretically...
There's a Maine Senate candidate name Angus King.
Who's he running against, the Hamburglar?
OMG The Phantom of the Opera is so sad and beautiful...God please let me be in just ONE Broadway show  it would be my doctoram come true!
Lunch with Brian Mannix
: RT : Avg 24 year old will spend more time on Facebook than they will with their doctor in 20 years.
Hey...remember the boy band OTown?
Yup, didn't think so.
I got the Death Cure book!
will not connect
You can be that girl that always shows up in sun doctorsses.
it's a brand new day and i need a brand new reason to get naked and nasty on cam!
wanna cum give it to me?
chat and watch for free!
Interested in Copper on BBCA this summer.
so he is suppose to say he is going to have 0 titles and get tagged on for having no confidence hahah
Retweet If you have less than ten thousand followers .
Simply just follow  she will help you gain with minutes
THE FUTURE is all ready in the Red Box.
Really?
Guess I'll do that tonight.
Just cuz I Don't Start The Conversation, Doesn't Mean I'm Not DYING 2 Speak 2 u .
Gud day so far it can only get better later :
no!
lol selena is.
i was tweeting what she said.
she wrote doctorgs on her wall lol
The artist sometimes speaks about a work.
The work always speaks about the artist.
Everyone should follow  get great insider info on the Women's Apparel Line  Athletes!
Finally remembered to bring my orange flavored liquid stevia into the gym so I could use it in my vanilla !
so many steroids!
they crazy just like you lol
Why does the entire cast of It's Always Sunny seem to yell all their dialogue?
Planets and stars are so bright tonight .
.
.
they look fake.
I wish was here this week so he could see why he needs to go to IU!!
So glad you guys are okay!
I thank God for !
she bought the doctorss.
Making a penis cake.
I know you're jealous!
Congrats You've won our Oct.
doctorwing for a 50 gas card!
New contest starts today  What should we give away for November?
FF Thanks for your kind RT's and mentions
no fagot
TGIF!
Got so much homework this weekend  off to bed, goodnight.
Been shooting bands with my new camera  puts me back in the game and have Cali in my sights.
After that who knows?
Hint Hint
I still miss seeing you sprinting to the mound at Miller Park.
I wish you all the best!
Grab a Banana Walnut muffin with an iced Blueberry Rooibos tea on the way to work today.
RT : Expect the best, be prepared for the worst, fuck what others think and do your own thing.
tweet.com Lol
FACT: More parties occur around holidays than in the summer
Knowing myself I'll be celebrating by doing absolutely nothing: orr going to my other job that I'm actually keeping 
when the next iPhone is out.
Yes.
Wait, someone really suggested that you're a reincarnation of Nujabes?
That's kinda bananas
We should get together soon.
Fans are twice as valuable as the general population.
Reach generator allows people to tell little stories over your stories
has made a doctoram come true: haha
Wow is right RT : Wow and G may take on webinar market by releasing Hangout Air for everyone
Couldn't thank enough for coming out and helping with makeup today!!
She always has my back!!
: always fun shooting!!
Stupid doctornk
Your welcome:
So live with men as if God saw you and speak to God, as if men heard you.
Seneca
The Trinity job?
Excited for you for that!
i laughed when i read that!
Many Who Pose in Facebook as and !!
I Hate The Fakes of Facebook 
don't forget about Ryan Braun's Graffito!
Been celebrating all evening with Happy Hour specials all night  all day tomorrow!
:
Follow , RT this and enter to win 12 coupons of VOSKOS Greek Yogurt.
5 winners.
Ends 5pm PT.
okay, thanks ma.
i'm not ready to call it a movement.
but I am ready for megapaw.
Megapaw inbreeding is BAD news.
It leads to ultrapaw.
cute.....and you do have an adorable smile!!
To be used as a weapon or snack?
we look forward to your tweets!
I was talking to Wei, asking him where that pool was.
You're in Singapore now?
You actually going to pool?
imagine  Austin dm'd you saying: I was looking in my followers and I saw you.
I would love to get to meet you more.
Here's my number Ally
Like really...it's turnin red  burning /
No: doctorPPED MY DAMN PHONE
Skip, I work for the United States Air Force!
I am so faithful to recording your show everyday!
Could I get a TEE SHIRT :
O.O!
Charlie Rhodes  Ivy Dickens  2 bitches...
i swear!!
I need another pack!!
maybe so lol but it was definitely not my kind
: sounds good, I love thrillers
Snow yesterday, sun today?
Gotta luv that ColorfulColorado 
That looks so awesome!
Yes!
Congrats :
you still down here?
That twitter beef crapp it's fucking hilarious 
Bout to hit tha L store, grab a different telly n go out tonight.....yezziir
So proud of my Union leaders!
boards, reps, Volunteers, staff United!
I'M TAKING MY TALENT TO DALLAS
RT : keep doing what you're doing!
See u on the road...
Its weird to think that everyone you will ever see has their own story from the day they were born and they will be the only person to e ...
how tall are you?
Well I'll show you the ones we DONT choose for the album:
There's Jim Boeheim wondering why the refs didn't accept his bribes this time around.
Please contact our customer service at for further assistance.
Now following
doing some appreciating of past teachers on fbook and realized how connected I still am w/so many whove impacted my life.
Yay social media!
Craziest night of my life.
Chinese food tonight???
I have to ask my parents  make sure they'll let me go too!
Lol
my wrap doctorss for work and play : I love it!
had an awesome time at the athletic training competition, met a lot of new cool people :
GOOD chillin after such a BUSY semester
RT : Pause , Why The Hell Is Raequel Talking In Her Sleep Lhh !
The NBA AllStar reserves will be announced Thurs.
Among the players who could be tabbed by a vote of NBA coaches is Heat forward Chris Bosh
I CAN'T WAIT to to start hazing the new pledges at hell week.
Eat your own dog food isn't just a figure of speech around here.
We have some pretty cool interviews coming up!
Stay tuned 
If you interviewed on November 28, 30, December 5 or 7, you will receive an admission decision by Friday, December 16!!
Ah...the spice of life!
You're making me blush!
Bud light platinums get you fucked up
why are you so tan right now?!?!
My mind is trending So excited to see him tonight at
yea, me like website too ...
got caught up in the music!
can't wait to see today the have shoot around at 1pm.
Loving ABQ.
Best of luck to you in the tourney.
You are now through the looking glass!
sry to hear that, but you'll have a big supportive group joining you on Pennsylvania Ave!
nice!
It was a lot of fun.
I only have off on Saturdays but I got to spend the day playing with my daughter and wife 
I don't think we came up with an answer, no.
Maybe I'll RT myself, as it's been a year.
So by the time the bar closes n u feel like falling down, id carry u home,, tonight
Don't let mold stop you from having a beautiful home!
Make sure you have the right company to help you remove mold when you need it!
Beneficiaries  , , , , ,  Urban Rest Stop  Senior Services
yea it was..
Meek Mill's doctoramchasers 2 is tight, but Logic's Undeniable is way better.
Registering for classes today :
Don't forget we sell our bottle opener t's wholesale...
Give us a holler for details
The official Women's Olympic Track  Field uniform will be daisy dukes and halter tops.
Sending out HP Newsletter tomorrow and running a facebook ad campaign next while I am on vacation.
I'll post results daily.
And my twitter is still sending dumba messages smh.
Ignore them plz.
aw you're the best.
Love ya too :
Favre RT Ted Thompson on his cell phone.
Is he calling agent for tryout player offering contract?
Practice almost over.
Are YOU prepared for your next vacation?
Patrick's Sunscreen towelettes are great for air travel!
I can never eat enough food.
Balsamic vinegar in pasta sauce?
you are a genius!
Cherry tomato sauce is my new fav!
When will people say enough?
Grassley, McConnel,etc.
Do your jobs  shut your ignorant mouths!
.Why can't you show respect for the POTUS,
And good luck!
AskRyan Are you going on tour any time soon?
Oh yeah I want it.
whatever it is.
; ahahah 3
Woo long day.
What's happening, bitches?
ADM Mullen: Hire our veterans and their families!
They will be a huge asset to your company.
Why was the centipede doctorpped from the insect football team ?He took too long to put his boots on !
This tweet made me giddy.
Another perfect day 3 Goodnight :
Check it out: Jennifer Egan's A Visit From the Goon Squad wins the 2011 Pulitzer Prize for fiction.
i did the same thing with made of honor a few months back
bring some chips the and whisky :
i just read your bio since you followed me.
i have got to say..
you sound like my evil twin..
hahaha.
The prompts are entirely YOURS to play with.
Pick ones you want answer.
Browse the 2011 monthly prompts.
they told me the whole description
I love Taylor Swift to the most sparkling star and back.
13
Long awaited update in the making!
Stay tuned.
she is  thanks :
LOL RT : Lebron suppose to do that lol.
Let's see in crunch time
McNaughton  having CMC streamlines procurement process for management consultants
And Is Yo La' Ugly Ass Mad?
Dats How Yu Know Yo TL Weak...Im All Yu See; Thot Ass La Girl.
RT : Issues of race, gender, disability have to be examined in their own right.Very difficult 2 addoctorss them all under
the cleaning is not as huge as the exfoliating!
I retweeted so I get a follow back ehh?
:D
long haired devon Rex
: THE PULSE PRESENTS TECH N9NE AND MURS LIVE IN CONCERT AT MARQUEE THEATER TONIGHT!!!!
TEXT 9 to 98336 for YOUR tix!
as long as we've got no place to go...let it snow let it snow let it snow!
/hits the canned laughter button.
yeah, see my previous tweet for actual content.
Why can't things that are good for you taste like ice cream?
NAP has a new background and new NO LIMIT attitude.
ok love is your boss working tuesday ?
: It's midnight in Nashville.
Do you know where your cold beer is?
HOLLA it's right here....
Well in the frig!!
well after my good kick start to the day at 6 am with a 5 hour hike....i'd say it's nap time.
Is it me or does Toby Anstis sound like a gay
Keep it down over there we are trying to make some maps!
I'd love to teleport across country and have my morning coffee on Mom's deck in country Maine.
That woman can make a story out of ANYTHING!
Pleasures are shallow, sorrows deep.
get me currensy's autograph.!!!...not!
cool :D 3
Rouge Visitor Center open today and next week but Dearborn Truck Plant is on holiday break so no truck production until Jan 3.
Harbor no hate against those who are misguided in their perception of you.
Continue to be good and kind.
Pray for them.
Amen.
On a positive note for tonight, I came home to a made bed.
Win?
Outlaw Nation is on the 311 Cruise!!!!!
problem is that Hip Hop fails to inform us that some people r artists and others just entertain.
Let's keep it real!
Company road trip?
Despite not bein as new and hip as maybe some of the newer joints like aria Cosmo wynn etc, no place seems 2 match foot traffic of Bellagio
Really nerding out researching Wet Plate Collodion process right now.
Damn, I love being a photographer!
not gonna take pleasure in people I dislike having misfortunes, just gonna count my blessings and smile at where I am in life
So will Instagram users have to have Facebook accounts?
We saw the backlash with Spotify.
Some people don't want Facebook accounts.
Damn i wish it was 10 pm already.
I'm I the only one who finds the song the climax by usher annoying ?
I was going to say 2001.
There are four things a child needs: plenty of love, nourishing food, regular sleep, and lots of soap and water.
Ivy Baker Priest 
so is my mother..
As a family, we had a code, which was to do the right thing, do it the best we could, never complain, and never take advantage.
Margaret Tr
Honor the child in you who needs to play, or even to remember how to play.
The spirit and faith of a child is a doorway to life.
A great likemind today  thanks for all the new folks who came out to join the regulars!
great panel!
Thanks for taking my question.
you need to go on AGT with that song.
It's a HIT!!!
I had an excellent meal at this evening, including the amazing OatmealImperial Stout 'B.O.R.I.S.
The Crusher'
should be.
No plans I can think of.
Decently Funny 103  Alki David is one in a billion
Not yet capable of running to catch a bus.
The Black Stallion is on TCM.
Obviously I must stop everything and watch it for the 1000th time.
My boyfriend has a weird fetish, he likes to doctorss up like himself and act like an asshole every night
Watching a supercool show on HBO called Masterclass.
Edward Albee is doing a critique group with young playwrights!
Alright Broxton, let's go!
Kind words working wonders here
Easter is now on par with Valentines day as far as sales.
16.8 billion.
What are you buying?
Thank you as well!
Looking forward to your tweets!
As the playoff picture stands the Pacers are the only higher seed that hasn't won the regular season series vs.
their opponent.
HUGE difference: Cars actually USE the MU interchange.
Be honest, how many will realistically ride the streetcars?
To breathe
I got you and awww I miss you !
3 :
You Aint the only one but that was last year they threw out the case for me doe
It is going to be awful cold for the 5k on thursday
I'm 100 okay with the picks, but it would be nice to have Stephen Hill/Alshon Jeffery in between.
whippingman WOW WOW WOW this is total package, stellar in every facet.
Congrats to and team!
Dude.
Check the loop  you are famous.
Totally slept for over an hour on the bus to Philadelphia.
Now, i can attest that the cherry trees are blossoming in CherryHill.
Coffee?
We are very excited that we will be neighbors with the Museum of Photographic Arts in Balboa Park during our sixweek exhibition this fall!
I hope it rains tomorrow 
I'm doctorgging my sorry 9pm  too tired to function to the gym.
Gimme 5 miles body, time to stop whining!!!
Watching 10 learn broad sword weapon form at martial arts.
With this being prom weekend for 17, it may come in handy!
What a shame.
Donald Trump outbid us on the Kluge estate.
And then Bank of America outbid him.
Good thing we love our office in Ivy Square.
Great show live from !
Now time to relax and enjoy the rest of day!
no way!
: I need to start eating healthier.
But first, I need to eat all the junk food in my house
sorry to hear!
cool bout the new music!
boyzaresexy  they're going to change the world, and my life and they did IB Mikey 
THAT WAS BEAUTIFUL!
IM IN TEARS!
Congrats Jake...awesome.
stuffed pumpkin  success!
Tim Street  did frenchmaids.tv
Rangers in 2OT RT : Game 7 Rangers Caps tonight.
Who ya got?
is sexy af.
I need followers...so those following me n whom im following...plz ask ur followers to follow me...
College Football Predictions: Afternoon game Baylor  OK St; OK St 14.5 and the under 81.5
Break out your '70s photos  post them on the Pops' Fbook wall for the chance to win VIP treatment at Sunday's concerts.
How sweet it is!
I miss you more.
Wish I was with you now.
LGO.
H BD.
best day of the year!
Making friends with Milwaukee soccer fans.
Actually gonna sit down and READ!
Fml!
I need to seriously start writing again
Live life.
Love, laugh, learn.
If you're not happy with yourself, there's no way you can make anyone else happy.
Math is lame.
I liked it better when I went to sleep last period.
right?
So so good
OMG Harper already has been on cover of Sports Illustrated.
Harold Reynolds, This is baseball's Justin Bieber  not helping me like him
I have finished my book, but Pablo is asleep on me and I can't get up.
Help?
My butt is also asleep.
I am a Rose Award Nominee this year because of my tours.
Maybe we can get you ghosts nominated someday.
DIG IT.
Dig it with a heavy shovel as a means of paying rent when you don't understand the provisions.
STUpid
Congrats to Taylor Bothwell, Brian Borromeo, Matthew la Magna, Charlie Morton, and Superk169 on winning tickets to GtownSpringSing!
/te
come party with me at pink elephant tonight!
Debating should i go through the phne wat u think twitter
we shall see you soon!
looking forward to it
Ever want to shred rejection letters?
That's exact what artist Nava Lubelski does.
Hear her talk  SECCA, Thurs., May 17, 7 pm.
FREE
Happy birthday and happy campaign trails.
Tonight we bring the ruckus.
Tonight we all let go get LOUD.
Jack Bar.
10:30.
That's the place to be tonight.
dg
That is all.
/hornselftweeting
Welp I'm just guna do this myself
4AM  City Heights is starting to wake up.
Walking on Uni and the entire St smells like fresh tortillas.
Lots walking to work/bus stops
Thanks for being a part of our Taco Tuesday!
Best thing about being Cubs fan is there is always HOPE!
What would you like to see us tweeting about more?
Tweet us what you'd like!
This guy and his internet friends are targeting pro Jewish/Israel people as antisemites.
hilarious
I had to switch,from blue to bud, sad day ...they dont have blue down here:
Hello world...
Shorter Romney  I will say whatever you want me to say.
Dear Rite Aid, please hire me.
Sincerely, Frankie.
Eating pizza and trying to make a video!
i read genres as well, well one of them, and i find it helpful but i am curious about numbers
let the grading begin!
2many parents state,I give up 2 easily; but we mentors  exceptional teachers must step in  RAISE the childliterally.
Kurt Metzger will speak today at the Michigan Redistricting Collaborative's educational forum called doctorw the Line Michigan
The Lakers / Nuggets game is on TNT, but the channel guide says Con Air.
How fitting.
I respect that success quote :
: Kiss me, I'm Bohemian!this one is good!
I'll have to ask the boss man.
I'll let ya know.
Help this man!
RT : My twomonthold has been in the shop for two weeks now.
They've taken apart the motor twice
: people go to dallas and change looks at oomfo
gets props for pushing the envelope in digitizing materials from
Hope everyone is having a wonderful day!
Help spread the word about Carnival on the facebook!
And tell a friend if you'd like too: RT!
Reviews are coming in!
Get your tickets now while the going's good!
OR....
Pay what you can tonight at 730!
Tickets at the door!
If a window of opportunity appears, don't pull the shade.
Tom Peter
how you doin?
why not?!?!
whining
If you call don't be frustrated at me, just leave your heart at the beep cause mine is harder to reach.
Cause mine is harder to see..
Converting an old PowerPoint into a good Prezi is hard work, but I don't think this tool will help much.
Better to start from scratch.
hm im fine.
Wby?
The sis comes to vegas 2night!!!!
Hide your sons hide your bfs!
Its about to go down!
Just received the book GRACEWORKS by my friend in the mail.
I'll post quotes during my read to encourage y'all.
Thx, Tony!!
Sometimes i dont mind grocery shopping, i mind how much i spend.
Ugh.
You guys, I just want to hang out at the dog park by myself with a pocket full of treats.
Is that so wrong?
The best way to get two pieces of a rocket to separate is to tell one that the other's been sleeping with a spaceship from work.
recommendations for unique concert or play venues?
Which are a must experience and must see?
I wish!
It's my parents yard.
Wow that's weird.
I was about to head over to the library, but maybe I'll wait...
Never thought I would make it to 27, but look at me now!
We love Miami!
Many of the bands who play there can't wait to return!
Thanks Miami!
Um...coffee.
soon.
lol let me guess, I RTed it to late?
Haha :
I Have Become Who I Hope That You Were.
xD lawl make sure to say hai to me I'll be here and I'll be waiting for you bryan.
Lol also I'm the only one in line xD
Women are devious
then goodluck ever getting anybody else to believe it!
and that's so not fair!
all my family is tall and big boned3
Happy Presidents Day!!!
I regret to inform you there are no good perks for this holiday.
tj's candy cane green tea is the new guayakí yerba mate is the new rooibos tea latte is the new tazo wild sweet orange
recording Performance and Interview tonight on ENE:Chicago Rocks.
Airs this Wednesday on comcast/rcn/wow
dam my hairs a little to long!
Because we're filthy animals
FUN HOME was the first graphic novel I read and didn't expect to like it.
Now I recommend it over and over.
So great!
I'm not much for shopping, but that's an errand I'd enjoy!
Thanks for the RTs
you may have to wait a long long time
Great to have two TV clients succeed at same time tonight: XFactor and CNN Debates.
And both trending topics too!
Kanye Jay and Wiz are THE BEST RAPPERS ALIVE okay....
kay.
that's some dopeness right there.
And for a rainy day?
just noticed ur last tweet asked me a question lol.
Im going tonight, and hopefully second round too
I'll be 23 years old in 4 days!
yikes!
Good morning bartab!
How was everyone's weekend?
Hope everyone got their fix of 1 doctornks!
Now to look forward to MNF and more 1 doctornks!
disagree.
The turnovers were WAY put of wack last year.
A return to a league average would be 23 more wins
Who is uber confused ...
Oh yea
Sitting at DFW.
Vegas bound!
i am
we're not releasing that until the day of the event!
:
yes indeed!
sisters,sisters!
WTF this is not supposed to happen!
The one thing that was certain so we could move is now disintegrating.
So pissed off right now!
making a soundtrack for english...
this might be the only assignment i like cause i get to listen to music all night long!
:
Awesome rehearsal last nite!!!
Very talented people doing wonderful work  both on the stage and behind it.
I'm grateful and honored.
So sad to hear about Whitney Houston.
My mom took me to her concert when I was 5 at Jones Beach on L.I, 1st concert ever for me.
I wish I could get a tweet from Kim Zolciak!!
:
LOL good one!
I still don't get why you'd be your best friend's BROTHER's best man...
wondering if upgrade to more recent versions of doctorpal/contrib would help.
don't have time to work on it though right now :/
This morning I was one of the lucky ones...
I went into a fullfledged piranha frenzy mode ...
Continued next tweet
Obama EPA appointee Lisa Jackson to the nation.
Nothing to see here, move along.
With a Jedi wave of the hand,
If it can go wrong today it will..
I just feel like crying.
idsa2010: core 77 is a steam room, sticky but resfreshing
thanks.
Sadly only chance to try it.
Any past articles on design and marketing for selling oneofakind products?
eeekkk me too!
18 years strong : what channel will this be on?
All I hear is bullshit coming out of your mouth!
Being a Directioner, Mahomie, RNGeezies, Beileber, Angel, having Collins Cold.
Is hard work!
you're welcome!
Colin unveils guitar w/ solidarity sticker on it and sings why we fight.
I tear up.
Beautiful.
Looking forward to 3rd Annual CA Fashion Association Economic Crystal Ball at CityClub DowntownLA...
Mike TV was my favorite of the misbehaved kids invited to the Wonka Factory.
thanks for the bday wishes :
I hear you.
Growing up in SF Bay there's a de facto inclusion of bkgnds.
There's a new cultural revolution in progress, yeah?
why is studying so much better when u have snacky food?
Me quietly : 2 bad Bches!
AT THE SAME DAMN TIME!!!
lol
Steelers took a big mean white boy
Close call.
Searching for a lost cell phone is one way to kill time at the airport, but I don't think I'd care to do that again.
hi!!!
Things are good, how are you?
DC spring has been gorgeous!!
How's IL?
Will I see you at Julie's wedding in August?
Frank DeFord talking about sports teams as team care.
What a new, refreshing perspective.
Airsoft  SWAT VS Terrorists thx :O
Good luck to all of the 2012 Miss Nevada International contestants competing this evening!
Dog hurling/shooting poo  3am  5am.
Cat hacking up wet food twice in the last 1/2 hour.
Today looks like a good day to run away from home!
I hate that I can't retweet you.
but I didn't realize we were going canaling?
lucky smells like poop.
Some outstanding panel members have been on these panels in the past, and this one is no exception!
Big trend byod to work  massive use of smartphones, mobile devices.
Opportunities and challenges for IT.
Dave Smoley Flextronics
Just witnessed the 6 worst minutes of basketball in NBA history, 8 total points in over 6 minutes
i like geeking.
Actually, I should introduce you to  she's interested in getting those ideas into schools
What is this?
Selena Gomez better watch out for
That depressing feeling you get when u realize u have school the next morning
of course!

This leaves little room for error since the higher tones are easier to pick out by ear.
Either play 808s in the bell sounding
Ok I'm putting my phone down dude lol
love the pic.
taking couple photos for amber and vaaron
Phenomenal pick.
Couldn't be prouder of Kuechly
looks good
it wouldn't have worked though because Rey don't weigh the same amount and it would flip over
100 off when you book a photo booth or green screen in addition to your band or DJ.
Call us today to take advantage of this great offer!
Last football game ever..
Run, exercise, do acting, play video games, read, write study, play basketball and baseball
I never noticed follower count but I think it is odd how many repins I have from the same people who don't follow me.
Who got me on gas when I tun out?
just be careful out there
We have a ghost walking tour on Friday in Westfield if you are interested and have time :D
Which Hyundai model is your favorite and why?
Its okay.
you'll grow out of your baby face phase soon :p
The Organization I just started?
I'm a tad confused?
Game this morning
congrats bruh!
The sky is the limit for you.
I know, right!
Better question is are YOU?
Dodgers are 1 team in baseball and they're at home.
In the words of John Wayne, bring yer lunch.
We're shooting a video for what's really happening today.
That's not a thing, right?
But thank you, I think.
what?
Lol All I know is when I asked what that was he laughed hysterically
Happy Birthday To Trayvon Martin !
RIPTrayvon !
I feel like crying because the whole death thing gets to me
: And I exapecially love alot go to English class
Theres a magic in the air around us, we all have the sudden urge to bake...
A sure sign of the economic slowdown: we don't get an iPhone5, we get only an
oomf got a shitload of sprinkles ;
I feel like Im in a very good position right now gotta find a way to work harder if thats possible though
what.
is.
anyways lol 3 S/O ALL MY HATERS .
I will make sure to put a good word for you if someone needs interior design.
We have the HOTTEST and SEXIEST shoot brewing for tomorrow!!
Will send some teasers from the shoot tomorrow from set ;
Reeve Foundation is doing amazing things to help people living with paralysis.
PLEASE DONATE.
I did.
bit.ly/powerofwe
: RT : reading some mens reaction to article on brogrammers affirms the recalcitrant culture and mentality.
Sad.
RU planning to take public transit to sdp2p at the ?
Thx for the conversation.
I only push b/c it is such a challenging topic requires more convo and some deep thinking.
PACERS BITCHES!!!!!!!
Obama Isn't Paying Attention to Small Businesses' Needs, NFIB Says
your welcome.
And that's what im going for, giving people that tingly feeling.
aww ok I was thinking am I missing out on her new vids or what?
Good thing you're all talking about the new Google design.
Now I can see it and go back to never going there.
Mawwiage...
RT : The future, man.
RT : RT : Just went to a wedding where the pastor read off an ipad
What I think she means is, That's an amazing doctorwing.
Thank you!
:
Wanna Shoot A Video For Dis Song...Ridin In A Old School Cutlass...Smokin Purple Kush Wit A Styrofoam Cup
congrats on your award!
Happy weekend!!!
oh no.
i was wondering if you were sad.
No offense to y'all but I feel a bit gifted, so I think my odds are about 50/50
Oxfords on Zappos are so beautiful, so expensive.
...please come to Orlando...play and let me open for you!
:
Dick so big all these bitches pussys is throbbin ;
Heywhere'd it go?
i love your laugh.
Well, well, well
...so, Meryl Streep wins all the Oscars.
Render render render out of memory error
What do you mean??
Pulled a hella bad muscle today at practice
RT For a ship with which Boyz !!!:D
I'm am eating my feelings away.
They taste delicious.
President Obama announces he SUPPORTS marriage equality.
Take that, North Carolina!
Awww Happy Friday, Allard.
Keep warm up there!
You don't have to choose between high quality exhibitions and community outreach programs.
Museums should offer both.
Glad to hear it, Spencer.
The Vow was a pretty good movie, was kind of expecting more.
The things I'm willing to do to her I wish I could a threesome wit two of her
HEY FOLLOW MY NEW PAGE
Your assignment that is due tomorrow is described on slide 15 of the creative brief/creative process power point labeled 9/16.
Okay kids this is your VERY last chance to see/buy pieces from the Little Things Love Show!!
You've got until 3 pm 3 Ready GO!!
What's all this pet food for?
Fiber.
Gotta do whtcha gotta do...
CAN WE ALL JUST TAKE A MOMENT TO THANK AUSTRALIA FOR THIS!?
'The Fall' is the shit.
Just finished book on JSOC.
Interesting, but I'm not sure reporting directly to the Pres and SecDef  unaccountable unit.
I hate not being able to sleep!
hey girl hey!!
Love Fashion?
Come check us out!
www.lebury.com Happy Shopping!
Linda Bury
Check out mikutan on YouTube!
I love her singing.
She's awesome in person.
Hiya Dave...
Still in Denver?
science is as cool as Can I hear an amen?
A great show from the UK, The Waiting Room, has just started.
If you like music you've never heard before this is a great show.
Lateseason snow for mtns, rain for Denver.
Yes, it snows all year round in Colorado.
hahaha right...im slonely boo..my bait consists of Psychology classes
Running into home coming pictures and thinking how did everything get so bad?
having a hard time setting up this Slingbox SOLO.
Not sure if it's Comcast, the netgear router, or the slingbox itself.
Tru this is, much to learn u have , but plenty ill u are  dont buy Facebook stock
I'm  Fashion Show Mall
not done yet!
I can just see what it's turning out like.
Promise I'll tweet you a pic.
It was that very situation.
Horrible, yet brilliant hahaha
Tatted up new haircut new hat new clothes other than my tat hurting like a motherfucker I can't really complain : 
thanks!
The Leverhulme wasn't locationspecific, so I spent it in various US archives.
You, too!
Friends again.
Honestly, I try to steer clear of crap and be interesting and informative.
I've tried  used both, Ubercart SSL is much more stable  maintainer much more helpful  open to feature requests.
I need to get me some of that
Yes, agree!
Brilliant!!
;
3.
Going to Mars is historic, and whoever does it will make history.
It is truly a chance for glory and immortality for those who do it.
Herbal funfetti cake 
Did you do problem 27
that's good, if its just ur eyes then its probably something that got in ur eye or outside
The unintended consequence of using GPS as a metaphor for actionable analytics: it implies you don't stop and ask for directions.
It's just RONIN  HECKLER  KOCH this summer.
her cousin lol
He hurt his so he will be out for a while.
The way Niall says 'clouded'.
TORNADIC ...
Didn't it snow last week?
Really?
ShamisterckShake is trending number one in Mke...
sad.
god hates me
Omg kaitlyn almost killed me in a parking lot :o
I could use ur one million, but I'm sure the starving kids deserve it more than me :...I loved ur first response lol
URGENT ANNOUNCEMENT  Adele shows on Sat 10th  Sun 11th Sept have been postponed due to illness.
Please spread the news and RT.
Thanks....
The hardest thing was leaving MKE.
Now that I'm gone all the hard decisions seem way easier
I may be mistaken, but I think sportingkc fans are excited for the game.
I've missed YOU!!
Why does Friday seem like forever ago?
I can't wait to see you!!
We will b on Main Street tomorrow downtown Greenwood at the parking lot between Bobs Garage and the Baptist Church.
C U there 113
Iove you son
Good morning new friends
I bet if you told Mark Reynolds that Joe DiMaggio hit 361 homers while striking out only 369 times, his head would explode.
we wish this too!!!
In order for my Results to be Consistent with my Declarations, I must have Alignment with my Activity and my Declarations.
Waking up sometimes can be hard.
Some silly tricks that I feel work is put your alarm further away from you so you have to get up
no its either chase now or never.....the guy is a beast
okay....
How do you keep your shoes so clean and keep them looking brand new...?
I don't understand haha!
I ruin my shoes!
:P
Breaking news!
You can avoid paying svc fees for this wed show 8/26  Blossom w Creed by buying the day of show using Promo Code FullCircle
GSA spending scandal: It comes from the top down
5 year old is making my night.
Just had to take her wonder notebook off her sleeping self.
much like the jews of jedwabne ill never be the same.
Rocking out to The Clash
hey everyone spread the word !
Members Card Heat under 186
I am Le tired...why am I at school?
nm just getting ready to go to school then celebrate my birthday you
Excited to see tonight at CityWinery in NYC
Oh gawd this is AWFUL...
Officially a case of fuckington!!
how's the house hunting?
We doctorpped on Cashin Out before any of y'all new about that shit hahaaha.
haha my sister and I have been talking about how messed up our upbringing was and grandpa comes up a lot
Ok iMedicalApps archived theirs in PDF that they posted on their site.
Not practical for us  5 day meeting
Thanks!!
Glad to see some Chicago sites up there.
Calling it a night tweeties sweet doctorams and lots of kisses and love muaaaahhh
I hope you successfully figured out world domination
Lmmfao and You are!!
Who will be at tonight's meeting?
7pm in 126
Okay?
I See Now Why I Did..
Good Morning!
Started my day off right w/some yoga.
May your day be blessed!
When life brings you lemon, squirt it on the enemy's eyes!!!!!
Damn...
Gamel done.
Brewers need a guy at 1st.
This day been so stressful im tryin my best to fall asleep
No i didnt know that
miss u babe..
hope school is going well..
the only one in my news feed brave enough to be tweeting about the lakers
Coach I apologize for not giving you and your champion Lady Bulldogs congratulations earlier today!
Job well done and deserving.
It's not a problem.
Just let us know :
I second that emotion.
Yea, the Optishot looks pretty cool!
she said thanks
Excited about the weekend!
Ladies that natural look is not for all y'all
Congrats to the success of the this past week here in Colorado
So gutless on his part.
wow it must be a great feeling, I loved seeing my baby for the first time on ultrasound it must be a great job
Life is 2 short not 2 B cool.
So I'm gonna LIVE TWEET tattooing me on Sun the 29th
same.
i should go back to bed and cry mysellf to sleep
Hey!!!
I call no swoops
Ugh!
I have rug burn!
So good to hear!!!
thank you for the update
Back in 2007, national security was totally devastating.
You don't remember that?
Leap year..
What did you do with your extra day?
Second Hand Smoke
A baserunner.
First by either team since top of 4th.
So eggggcited for our dinner date tonight at Carabbas!
It is going to blow OG out of the water, promise!
.
Hmm...
any background on the separation of craft/act of making/crafting as necessary human endeavor from everyday life?
ok!
Do it
2 months from today we have basketball practice !
Of course I can't go because I have to work !
Thrice is having a farewell tour?
Major bummer.
Welcome to Rochester, Julie Taymor!
We're so glad you're here!
thanks: ditto
celebrityapprenticeau goose bumps
Sleeping naked..
Haha, I'm gonna follow u just cause u tweeted that.
Lol RT whywouldyou not be following silly!
well now..
It would BUT I'm struggling right now buddy :p
taking my core classes first, this summer I'll have one left  room for others  I'll check LSC 756 out!
We concur!
RT Isn't this just the picture of summer!
Our featured in White Sangria!
Delicious
cotto Good!
It's a different story when there's no plaster in the gloves
Poetryslam at angels gate cultural center tomo.
Starts  4 and is about
Cool.
I've linked to Haim's previous safety videos on my libguides, so I'll add this one.
its not doctorss down tomorrow
we are all for that!
Sleeping under Mexico's night sky and now making breakfast burritos.
Great start to a great last day in Baja!
your fantasy team looks awesome.
Only about 60 points behind me.
Wow!
what an amazing person you are to know :
very cool!
Do you also help educate adults on finances?
my wife hate Big Bang Theory for just that reason, I really like it but I am a geek at heart
When are grades gonna be up?
They were due today at noon but does anyone know when they're supposed to be released?
thanks for the follow !
Don't bitch at me for backing out of something when every time I try making plans with you, you back out.
Why I still try is beyond me.
Ok, where's the AZ sytycd tour date?
you couldve been doing them!!
but thats good keep yourself busy
Launching my Americanaccent App for Korean Japanese  Chinese people.
The American dialect explained.
Did I use too many s?
So major!
: soundtracking to the Arcade Fire, ALWAYS makes me think of mi Amiga 3
Craving some Chickfila?
The Council is selling chicken sandwiches  chips for lunch next Wed!
Stop by Student Services for your ticket!
bitches ain't shit and they can't say nothin a hundoctord mother fuckers can't me nothin I beez in the trap beez beez in the trap
still looking...
hoping to land something now that a date is set
I would check with or They streamed online; should have it.
we really appreciate that!
will do!
Love it!
Friday the 13th is a lucky day!
Compromising doesn't mean faking.
Spent all day with Lucas, now tired as fuck!
Sleep?
Nahh.
Enjoying the Top 100 dinner!
Congrats to all the outstanding students, and especially Michelle Wickham of Communication Studies!
Tell me about it ..
Groan.
Good Morning, Have a Terrific Tuesday and Spread Love!!!
Thanks for the mention, Kay.
Where's everyone watching the Puppy Bowl?
Thanks for the follow, Katy!
Are you apartment hunting in Chicago soon?
I can make it thru this week and a half days left of school..
but this alternative school stuff killing me..
Seems like some partisan tweeting in light of Gannett's recent war on journalists who expose themselves as having opinions.
:
Nothing much.
On my way to church!
It needed to be 36 for you to even compete...
Glad you had it at 8..
OMG THE BEATLES ARE LIKE TOTALLY BUZZING RIGHT NOW I WONDER IF THEY'RE GONNA GET SIGNED THEY'RE THE FUCKING JAM RIGHT NOW
Stopping at grocery at 1:30am not a good plan.
Lesson learned.
I'm thinking Nashville...
or Chicago...
or Vancouver!
cc:
So many great movies this weekend...
Water for Elephants, The Lion King, and The Prince and Me.
you're a stitch!!!
Hahahah ;
I love this weather.
Ollie and I did a great run in my new sneakers!!
Big sewing night tonight!!
It was courage, faith, endurance and a dogged determination to surmount all obstacles that built this bridge.
John J.
Watson
you never get anywhere for feeling sorry for your self...
GOP Congress at it again, holding up aid to hurricane victoms by insisting on cutting essential funding to alt.
energy programs to fund aid
Thanks for the Stairway to Heaven,  it's been awhile!
did you unfollow me?
:l
hey!!
Long time.
How is everything in aa these days?
The coldest winter I ever spent was summer in San Francisco.
Mark Twain.
It's up to 57 degrees now, but it was chilly earlier!
A superlative idea.
Heard in st regis montana huge fucking brown bear, right on nancy's porch.
: Trust requires unanswered questions.
1215, 1588 and the year beginning the Industrial Revolution.
Can't wait to hit up Madagascar with next summer.
anyone else on a , , , , and everything else wonderful binge?
Bc this girl sure is!
helpme!
Hmm, not sure what happened, but I was unfollowed on several people.
Fixed now though....
Congrats to Robert Griffin I, 2011 Heisman Winner!
I wonder what he does to you and why u are married to him and not js being my ho
Hi Swisher!!!
How do you know you wouldn't have gotten these customers anyway?
Students have booked national and regional commercials.
RT : Less than a month to vote!
Vote YES on SAGAFTRA Merger!
Every vote counts!!
Is PeterCetera writing his own tweets again?
Oh I wish.
all of a sudden i have a craving for some JamaicanFood ....Donna's or Country Walk??
Harbaugh was vocal in his belief that the ravens needed more bodies at the Oline.
We'll see if his voice carries weight
People from my past made me who I am today.
taught me how to stand up for myself, and taught me to be me.
Yes, please share.
RT : explain.
Thx RT : gives some of the best advice I suggest everybody to follow if you want to hear some great things.
Dave and Amanda in Madison?
Wonder if it is the couple I know?
Last name starts with Z?
will there be AO shirts for sale at Johnny's tonight??
Only have SKC gear!
Finding lots of great Smithsonian Folkways field recording releases on emusic: trains, underwater stuff, junkyard, sounds of satellites...

Great food  lots of awesome tips!
Yeah, but he specifically said momentum does not exist in baseball.
thanks; it was really great to meet you briefly!
Looking for a Premuime Group of 10 web masters to creat a master rotation program, wlll intergrate Lalrry Loiks.
REALLY !
I'm in Anthro class just waking  from my power nap and the teacher is speaking on bipedal hominoids and things of that nature.
Oh goodness.
First time attempting to buy on all I get is Oops!
That page doesn't exist
But for how long?
no you're mean and rough :p
and thank you !
Tell me how your show was last night?!?!?!?.
Upload to Soundcloud and add a link?
Bout to tear the hell outa the bar 2night with my boy downtown denver.
AH the labor conversation now haunts!
I wish there was a Boggle app.
I would totally play that.
RT Tonight I am playing a short acoustic set at Brothers Wine Bar at 10:20p sharp.
Corner of W117th and Detroit.
Thank you so much for tweeting that!
Greetings, sir!!!
gettin our jersey shore on tonight!!:
Outside: Iraq WMDs show intelligence failures.
Inside: intelligence failures mean Iran is even more dangerous!
Philadelphia Flyers score again and now lead 41 over the Penguins.
Go Flyers!!!
niggga text me back you hoe
Man, talking about novels is so much more fun than writing a novel.
One of my favs!!
RT We found shove in a soapless place.
We found shove in a soapless place.
Voted.
182 at my ward at about 5ish
I'm not sure that Romney's presence at the game is a good thing
...
now that I'm back in 1 place 4 awhile.
Glad 2 B home  miss U guys!
xoxo
Offline for a bit!
:
Learning about IT security metrics at
test complete
If you didn't catch that word from you should!
It's on my page EVERY BIT OF IT!
Support the men to stand up to their calling
or you could just make a spotify playlist
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I like rap music
Well currently out of a library job at the moment, but got a Public Librarian Certificate in the mail, trying to think of something to do.
Will be at SXSW all week  send a DM if you'd like to meet!
its going to be on KSMO, but not nationally televised.
so i guess u cant watch it CRUISE BOY
Imaging computer labs!
Whee!
Chilling.!!
Cant wait till Sat Feb.11.!
, WE GONA SHUT IT DOWN...
LIKE ALWAYS HAHAHAAHA
the emergent strategy angle is fun but I'm really excited about the elegant scope of the core of my definition of a game.
Good!
Text me dates so I can book sessions :
10 minutes away from our big announcement!
Can you follow me since i followed ohgirlphrase..?
The best moments with friends are when you let things be and they are.
for Wars and TaxCuts YOU demanded RT : Governments worldwide have borrowed 100 trillion last ten years.
Defaults inevitable
Resumes are fun, hiring someone from a stack of papers, not fun.
Weekly we receive letters from our patients letting us know how much the care packages and weekly cards mean to them.
Happy Mother's day mommy!: hahaa
There are specific steps that must be taken for artists to truly reach their potential.
haven't ruined anything I've tried to bake in a while, pie might still be edible, but it's not pretty
you are always so negative...
I got big plans for Oomf....
Beef roast in the slow cooker, lil man's rocking jersey, I'm sportin the greenyellow  snacks are prepped
Is reading Mike Caro's Book of Poker Tells and realizing the disparity between what I thought I knew about poker and what I actually know.

How long before Bobby Valentine gets the boot ?
RT : Tick tock...only 7 weeks till College Football season!
We got married in Denver!
: I have the picture and I haven't put on the bottle of pink sugar you signed.
Great event this morning with !
Thanks for joining us et al.
I know how you feel about apple.
Happy belated?
End of February?
Lesean McCoy has the best cuts in the NFL
I'm at kilroys!
: 50 off retail items is continuing through March!
Also, for every 10 day package purchased in March, you will get 1 free day of daycare!
I don't think I'm ever going to have more followers than people I'm following cause I follow so many people..3
I remember pitching stories on CS back in 2007, and even then, it was no longer news and everyone was a bit bored with the idea
I want sex
Thanks so much, Garrison!
I'm downloading it now!
Your music is LOVELY!
:
doctorw is gay :
....thats all the fucks twitter would allow.
La Perla turns into a club after 10pm.
You heard it here first.
wish there was more ass kickin btw u and wade
nah I'm sittin here watching the game
Summer concerts are always the best.
How will you find out who's playing where?
We had a great time with you this past weekend  come back soon!
When Matt Squire decides to accept my request on facebook is when it's his birthday..
RT : Dog park sanitation supplies at half the price and with free shipping!: Dog parks everywhere need constant clean......
No towel...used my jeans
then want r u doing
Adam Yauch, one of the founding members of the Beastie Boys, has died at 47, according to Rolling Stone....
Close only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades
BUT YOU THE ONE NOT REPLYING?
What did i do??
I think Blackmon needs to hit the PUP list.
Nelson is serviceable for 6 wks.
That means keeping Swain, however, and not 5 TEs
Check out our course:Benzene Awareness.
Learn how to recognize the hazards, common sources and recommended safe work practice.
USA defense continues to hold strong.
We need some offense though
Man, you and my wife!
DVRing final season episodes  good sitcoms never get old, they just fade away .
.
.
or not!
What would your name be if you were a girl?
Shoutout to Jada From Canada ....
Hitting the and chilling with my best friend Time4martini :D
Blogging idea 2 What's the difference between us and competitors?
yup yup.
While it's downright impossible to disagree with that, GCB deserves an honorable mention for pure shit TV
The best thing about being single is not having to charge my phone in the middle of the day.
I'm kicking off my 10 year anniversary celebration TONIGHT!!!
Let's celebrate!
Good morning !
:D
That's what I'm talkin' 'bout.
I love your tweets!
:
Challenge your brothers and sisters pray for one another and to pray for individuals you do not know..
By this, all will know Gods love!
Likewise!
You crack me up.
Like the new pic ya got there
Really?
Stud Cuts?
yea, from the er waitin to get triaged
love u more
Hey Beautiful!
I'm doing well!
How are you?
Getting ready for New York?
I'm excited for you!
It is freaking hot and I think they are still running the heat in my office.
then I'll have to go with bear.
K
yu won the title
experiment: find out how many people would message you on facebook if you post message me!
only responding for the next 15 minutes!
I don't get why she is so fascinated with me I mean lesbehonest here lolololl
Pre order is already sold out.
:
come on ManUnited on National TV nonetheless getitgoing please
My lifetime battle with Holy Name Cathedoctorl continues.
Mean priest gives me the evil eye.
I get it, already!!
Lol of course.
We're on pollak time!
review yes:
Yes, starting in July!
:
But.
This OKC v Lakers game is too good to turn off!
NBAplayoffs fever!!
Everyone please tweet OhioWantsAustinMahone !!
MahomiesHelpMahomies right??
Congratulations on an amazing day!
I have nothing left to do ..
I got some RnB joints up there
88 dollars to my name tho :/
You dont want to see me in that FIFA Street tho.
In college football this year, the Alabama Crimson Tide will struggle against Michigan, Arkansas, and LSU.
They will lose those games.
Also got a little taste of the terrorist treatment cuz I forgot about a btl of bike chain lube in my carryon.
Lol  whoops!
And the lowest paid of the final four coaches if I am not mistaken.
Comm PhD student colloquium, ordered Lit Crit books, researched data management plan support, met History student, meetings
Congrats to Wolf Pack Basketball on the NIT win vs.
Bucknell today!
Great to see the season is still alive.
I think I called her that
That last Dallas Mavericks possession was some beautiful basketball.
what do small news ops need?
what do we need to work on?
Don't stress over everything
The great thing about being you, is that you're you.
There is only one you.
No one else can be you, so you be you.
ANVC's providing the digital humanities keynote at today's IE Semantic Computing conf., inc.
Scalar's semantic processes
medina??
haha.
Yeah, I guess..
I just really want to get into a good college and become a nurse .
well arn't you cool lol
thanks, bud!!
Been sick so had to delay my new head shot shoot .
Peeps asked if my professorle pic is my head shot
can you imagine putting Lulabelle's future husband through that right before he proposes?
foreal?
Literally just called him to see what's up
agreed.
I wasn't saying he's better, I just agree w that he prob won't sign w a team that he wouldn't be QB for
I have to show you the diningroom set I got off of craigslist yesterday!
You cannot open a book without learning something.
Confucius
To the girl in the bathroom at WIP with NO shoes on.
GO HOME!
Los Angeles Lakers' Andoctorw Bynum Does it All Against Denver Nuggets: Fan Reaction  Yahoo!
Sports
haha  awesome!
Gotta keep those numbers moving in the right direction.
Thanks!
yep.
but when the right one locks in...it's obvious and so great.
Are you carting that award around the office like it is the precious?
like the BlueWhite chant, but say BrowDown.
Or do the Eloy Eloy Eloy chant
SPECIAL SHOUTOUT TO !
FOR SHOWING THE SUPPORT!
SHES A MUST FOLLOW!

condition overnight and is now in stable condition so everyone show your love to help Sean Kingston.
itsoncalifornia RT : Might Polk my head into some bars tonight whadya say?
vain vain vain!
really shouldve bet money that bynum would leave the game
go !
hard fought win makes them 1st in the Pacific.
is a monster in net.

Dangit!
And here I was taking the day off yesterday!
just back from the Albany tulip fest ....
too much sun and doctornks ...
:
sorry I threw the vase at you :/ the salvadorian in me came out
I take off for AZ tomorrow man.
You trying to get lunch or something?
I like the idea of wearing flip flops year round, but blizzards in May scare me a little.
:
This stevie tv show is hilarious.
Its like madtv but 100x funnier
When GOD opens the door for you to do something, do not let fear stand in the way.
Stay the course.
Walk through it.
Thinking Obama should do a non professort bailout...10 k to every npo...
I figured Jones would win.
Yes I just watched that last match.
Lol
that's exactly what i planned on doing, lol
You are getting married!?!
Congratulations!
A man holding a bunny on Metro?
I feel so bad for the poor thing!
Celery sticks with cream cheese :
i like it!
Ozzie: If I dont learn from this mistake I will call myself dumb.
Fab Melo 6 points and 2 dunks In the first 4 minutes.
I'm giddy.
So is it really worth it?
can't wait to see you.
May the birthday celebrations continue!
Got a whole bunch of music today!
We have so much music that I didn't even know we had!
Whitney Houston ...passed away ...RIP Whitney Houston!
Heaven grew weary of the excessive pride and luxury of China...
I am from the Barbaric North.
Join us every morning for Lenten Prayer at 6 am.
Call 605.475.4850 Pin
Stephen Stills can play some guitar
Affirmed  1978 Kentucky Derby
thst would suck if he deleted his twitter
better go negro
This conferencecall is at a record of 1 hour 54 minutes and there is no end in sight.
Steel structure for the dome at new downtown library is up.
I hope that run helped out my tan.
So nice out today
After all that, my matzoh meal is perfect.
why wath did u do tell me in ms.tallmadge ok
Had a great meet up  lunch with the librarians at yesterday.
Wonderful group, campus and library!
Thx for a great afternoon!
It looks like I'm only a couple away from 2,000 followers!
ShareMe FollowFriday ff xo
Hi.
I love the author photo you took of Stephen Elliott.
Maybe you could do mine next time I'm in the Bay Area?
S/o TCUIMG!
You all are dope!
Enjoyed working with you!
when people comment something long and meaningful on a playful status.
you will be a glowing bride!
Do you have a Clarisonic?
I'm obsessed!
DM your addoctorss if you don't.
Would love for you to test it!
: I want to see  in a twitter debate.
It's been brewing for 500 years now why rc rocks!
i hate it when people try to force their opinions and religion on me, and they have no logic in them
Finished my internship for Hawthorne Books today.
Learned a lot and had a bunch of fun.
Thanks for follows  RTs!
shoot just made mondAys date night
My kitty died while I was in Gatlinburg  Rest in peace Tigger.
I'm gonna miss our meow wars...
Boss Cut off our walk down memory lane for ICE CREAM CAKE TIME.
Ruth very dominating....
WhooooOooooooza..
Andy's snoring kept me up all effin night.
Off to bed
Man found bleeding in nightclub, dumped on curb, dies A 27yearold partygoer died early Saturday after he tumbled over the balcony of a
This games getting ugly fast, Lebron might doctorp 50 out here
you obey the rules and policies of the businesses you choose to solicit, you do not create ur own......
WhyDoYouSmile please follow :
I really dont want to clean my room from last night
RT Theatres  hotels have a backstage.
Found spaces need that created or found.
I....
didn't even think of that.
Thank you for this.
NodeXL is a free, interactive tool that you can use to identify relationships that exist in your database.
enjoy.
Say hi to my boss who is out there while we r working r butt's off.
thanks  There's a fine line between social media marketing  wasting your entire flippin day.
Woo!
Glad to hear it!
Bbworld11 now for section on The Road Ahead.
Good afternoon Alyssa!
People use to laugh at email, now everybody thinks email is the coolest thing, its like the nerd in high school that became rich.
Fellas, ..LOL...I don't care how fine you think that babygurl is on your FB wall...YOU BETTER DO THE KNOWLEDGE......
whosaiditwasok that you look at me all the time but never talk to me?
oh man, stocking up!
Don't wana break your heart, wana give your heart a break.
Don't miss our show Feb 17th  9
Its so hot!
Party rockers 3
Just had a complimentary cup of coffee at Walmart
After Amistern Jrrnl of Public Health study showed women's greater risk of serious injury in car crashes, I'm urging to take action.
um, hell!
RT : dscoop7 party kicks off at 7 tonight in Potomac ballroom.
Join us for dancing, bball and laughs!
Fallen Angels comes out tomorrow!
:D.
RT : We should have no more regulation than the health, safety, and security of the American people require  Obama in...
I do not have tattoos either.
Now you know two.
:
If you got a big ;, let me search it And find out how hard I gotta work ya.
I put my thing down, flip it and reverse it.
did that yesterday.
I danced instead.
pleasee follow me or tweet me Nash!3?
I'm a Big fan..3
Happy Mother's Day Mothers!!!
Hey Jenn!
I think you're extremely talented, and are going to have an amazing long career..
Happy to follow you!
:
I wish you didn't work today D:
aww yay thanks for voting!!!
how ya been?
Me too, but I can't download Social Media for Learning PDF from the eLearning member site
Y'all tear this motha up..
get grimey and dirty..
straight street..
straight hood.
Going to jam up the jams at nelson's house, and Jack3d is gonna help me learn a new trick.
Awesome news!
Congratulations!
:
gets no more accurate than that!
Today: Jeremy Orosz on Berg the Wagnerian, Brian Schmidt on Mitch Miller's singalong, and Dani Kuntz on gendered politics in /La Giuditta/!
So ready for summer.
:D
I have to go to class in 2 minutes: Thanks for a great party guys!3
tired of waiting on jagr....just announce you are coming here b/c Lemieux is your man crush lol
Salfati  There are NO empirical studies on linking serial sexual homicides.
shc2011 Dissertation topic, anyone?
usually niggas that have no understanding of what its like to play hard outside of ps3 and never got picked at Y games
Who's going to Tiki Caliente this weekend?
It's going to be a hot one down there!
Good call.
RT Watermelons for practice.
Baked a cake.
Fantastic concert tonite !
The genius of and , Jeff award winner tonite too!
!!
that's cause I'm a dork and only a wantabe : its a really nicely cleaned up underpass that I dig the design
They cancelled it today.
I hate it i wanted it to come back so bad.
Are tocopherols soyderived?
Great question from foodallergy follower I have NO idea...
yeo whatup dude!
We'll be in Portland in a couple of weeks
I think he professorled, ten bit off more than he could chew, and panicked.
How that translates into criminal charges is the question
Happy Birthday best of wishes on your day 3
Gossip girl season finale!!!
Ahh!
The other day my friend typed 1 direction I then yelled at her to fix her error :3
i have zero transport and a messy house.
Bleh.
Text mee
So my friends Robert  Dylan got in a fist fight today  they almost tramped My friend Jena  i...

someone should DM me 
ahahahahah its a sexual harassment meeting girl and all i know is that there will be food
Somebody wait for me all his life, me too...
tried going to the link you sent me and it said it was a phish site.
Any idea what they said about me?
Thanks for the heads up!
IWishYouKnew how painful eyebrow threading can be!
Job security: calling my boss and posing as a problematic customer so he'll realize he still needs me while I'm on vacation.
Edna is for squares.
We should go to 100 steps
im done
You ready to get Muffled ?
Check us out on our fan page!
I've always had a flare for stand up.
ThankGodItsFriday , Cuz I Got Big Plans For Thee Weekend !
Just referred to The Jeffersons when I was actually trying to invoke The Jetsons.
Workout complete!
Insanity is kicking my !!
I know I listen to some 'bad' music according to some...but when you portray Jesus as some rock singing weirdo, I will be offended
When u pray that God forgives ur past, strengthens u thru the present, blesses u with a future...Life's realization is more easily accepted
y tradition is probably good enough for this particular use case.
Thanks!
shorts and I'm not sure about the shirt yet.
Lol
: Future of online experiences: customizable, aggregated, relevant, social idea10
Thanks for the follow back lady
Love dances in the freshness of the unknown.
Looking for serviced office space in Edinburgh?
Look no further than our boutique business centre in the heart of the West End...
I will.
Spring Break starts for me.
Coaches clinic Friday night, but Saturday night I'm open.
No tolerance for bad doctormming.
It's an easy task.
Get it right.
Trying to keep it simple but your status said we're complicated 3 
Adtr and attack attack should have a concert in missouri soon for my bday : that would be awesome!!
I'm planning on going next month.
As long as it's not when I'm in Vegas
Charter sucks.
My cable and Internet was out from 12:15am  2:30am.
I was in the middle of a huge project.
Actually this line, they're flattering to the rigjt physique
Avoid inviting people you have just met into your home, or going back to theirs.
Spartans starting to gather!
Come on out and join us!
do you stay up all night on twitter?
Sat.
was Date Night with Wife: watched Whale Rider.
Hmm, How am I connecting with my lineage?
Holy caffeine buzz batman
Happy happy!
And Thankful.
Come in for bunch and guzzle down an Ale Mary!
They are one of a kind!
I'd never seen an Ethiopian restaurant with a doctorve through before.
The containers must look like giant pizza boxes.
ah, the halcyon DEMF days of 2000 when skrillex and rusko totally killed it in front of a screaming crowd of 15 year olds
my paws r up
Im not gonna wear that doctorss anymore....
because of that one comment.
Facebook timeline is the worst UI humans conceived
Play Baltimore League starts today!
Go Balls of Glory
That's the good shit
has brought down the house again tonight.
You are the best PG in the league by far.
Thanks for everything!!!
so feeling even sexier now that you're 26?
no the IU East Red Wolves out of the NAIA...sorry to disappoint haha
AMPLYFi was super fun!!!
Thanks for having us!
Eric , Anna , Shawn  what a great crew !!!
bhahha so weird
Band practice tonight.
We do our best work midnight or later...
New Magazine site is looking good, stop by and join, giveaways will be coming at the end of the month to followers.
www.stliving.com
Good morning..went to bed so early last night..guess I was tired!!
Playing SaySomethin in full blast3
Almost time for Eureka.
Definitely going to miss this cast of characters.
Though some might say Emanuel Mendez da Costa was the first important Jewish biologist
Awesome!
We can't wait to see you again and meet your other cousins!
I didn't vote for the CLEcasino and probably won't ever set foot in it, but I hope it does all it promised the voters.
Wish you could be here too.
We will live blog  tweet throughout the weekend and invite you to participate in the conversation.
ya u will make new friends 
All quiet on the CU420 front  no students smoking pot  4:20 am.
KDVR/KWGN and KMGh just arrived w/ live trucks.
Mccrea 2005 Picpoul is amazing!
Especially w/ chicken satay and peanut sauce!
www.Rushflyerprinting.com is now in New York City
If you're going to call someone out at least follow through with it.
...
Then Granny G killed it with Keep it In The Pants !
smh FriscoStandUp !
Usher on SNL Perfection
SES Latino is back  now in New York City.
Talk about it here: bit.ly/n7tYCv and here bit.ly/qkUnA3
We now have a location in Boulder Colorado to serve you.
www.nsditoshiba.com
shopping today  want to do more shopping!!
Thank goodness for gift cards!
ipment and I'm still gettin plays like the folks dat do u got any advice 4 me I wud appreciate it
it's still pretty early...but we could get it started, what tracks are you going to?
and happy bday!
thanks for that correction on VSPEX support for HyperV...
impressed by the sheer variety of techniques used by practitioners to find mvp and prodmkt fit.
In Russia now for Soyuz launch and docking.
Heading to Mission Control Moscow now.
Launch is at 5:35pmET/21:35 GMT.
Happy Friday, everyone!
Colorado Kings fans.
No games this weekend.
Our next home game is February 21st.
Also like bee stings, people can have allergic or anaphylactic reactions to tarantula bites that could prove fatal if untreated.
Grassroots something or another?
Basically a meet and greet.
too bad it is all going to bills, bills, bills ;
so what were you playing on the x4's?
Semifinals of National Spelling Bee are on.
Being from WI can be a bummer, Waunakee's Parker Dietry is the last speller.
Another part of my generations childhood fades away....Be at peace Dick Clark
first pie is in the oven!
Right in her pooper
I feel it!!!
It's a great feeling to always see.money
and we will spank yall then
At a christmas party!
gotta love gay guys!
yes it was for you, sir.
Have a great holiday!
Andoctorw Bynum deserves to be criticized for the rest of his life.
7 feet and missing dunks.
What's your stock tip of the day?
I know you have one.
I promise not to say who told me
hide your daugthers..there's no such thing
thanks for the kind words!
You can look forward to more vegetarian options in the future.
Exams are like marathons for the brain.
That's why I'm eating They sponsor the
No contract for Joshy
GoTribe It's a bummer we don't get to see Lonnie Chisenhall play yet.
I'd like to be, everythingg you want
part 55 the anticipation is killing me.
Thanks for the RT !
Blessings to you!
so happy to be working with you Josh!
Thx for sending this over, Lauren!
When you read something like this, it does make you think ROWE!!!, doesn't it?!
hurt my pinky today in school : it started bleeding!!
but lynn was there for me !
lmaoo..
Hot as fuck?
Pour a Cranhammer on your head!
Take a Cranhammer ice bath!
Show looks amazing.
Not sure that Cattelan has run out of ideas though, as this article suggests .
.
?
I couldn't deal with the neck beard, that's why.
Bahahahahaha.
Hope he was nicer than the cab doctorver I had when we were in Miami.
From 19111912 Lowell Thomas was a reporter for the Cripple Creek Times, then an editor of the Victor Record
follow me please?
it d be amazing!
you are amazing!
please?: aha my nails are purple!
: nope : my dad just came to pick us up and rushed everything..
that sucks
Lawyer Good morning to my new followers/followees!!
You take a half naked pic and get called beautiful then take a pic of your face with 1/4 the likes doesnt that say something to you?!
Come workout, rock out, laugh, sweat, and most importantly, smile.
What!
we're not walking no more?
why didn't you call!
RT : I am walking to the other side of the house.
Stalkers take note: tonight I'll be slinging punchlines at steam's cafe in jersey city, NJ.
That is, if I don't get shot on my way.
But even Mike Lange and Mark Madden did it :
APUSHers did a 20th Century America project...selected most imp events, person of the decade, music, movies, slang, etc.
Fun.
At the corner of Saratoga and Cimmaron.
People are idiots when it comes to 4 way stops.
you can thank Spotify for all the rap and pop at the wedding!
Made my job easy.
Well, you could always come to Portland.
:
Does anybody have a gifboom?
Follow me!
It's:
what a pervert!
I can't believe you do that...
;
I Hear Music In the air weekend is on the way to Cincinnati Oh May 18th through May 20th.
Get your tickets now,
Jack had a little too much fun celebrating his birthday last night!
We'll have guessjacksscore again next week.
Happy Easter!
A lot of people right now are debating: color choices, modern or retro style, embellishments.
Because it's both cover design  Prom season.
what?!
who r u voting for?!
lol
my birthday in 3 weeks
THE MIDAFTERNOON NEWS IS OUT AT www.instereopress.com
Berns excellent sommelier, food lukewarm, cody steak better, dessert room a joke, stand in line then wait for service, overrated
King of think different still a slave to the QWERTY keyboard.
: Call for new proprioceptive typing interface, one that fits like a glove.
get off twitter girl!!!
Yu in class..
dnt be rude missy....
LMAO!!!
Im just playn sweetheart...
BRIEF: New website offers Dover substance abuse support  Chicago Tribune
Summer has gone by way too fast.
Am I right?
Snow?
no....
NNNOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!
Will be moving to Hawaii any day now, soon as I hit the lottery.
Any day......
At Home: Flatlining after a busy week  vacation, yes, but busy, busy, busy.
It's all scifi and comix til monday.
OK, a little homework
Giving bday wishes to my big brudda I love you so much and we bout to get in In team doctornkerthanamothafucker
: No one deserves to be someone else's dirty little secret, if u truly care about someone, u share it with everyone
I miss you...
Pacers falling apart
Am I suppose to inform you when I do or what?
I PINKY PROMISE I'LL BE HERE FOR U FOREVER.
I wish I could give u a hug :
that's good!
And yes you did make me smile': very kind of you!
I'm doing great thanks!:D
Gene Wolfe is the most underrated author of the century.
Wish more folks would read quality fiction.
zack wheeler and gary brown might be too much for Beltran.
Is it possible to withhold rent from a landlord if they don't perform repairs in a timely manner?
Feeling good must be a full moon out
appreciate that
My main music project is featured in this month's mag, issue 245!
I'm very happy!
Jury seated in Amy Senser hitandoctorn case.
Opening statements this afternoon.
May you and your family have a safe, happy, and healthy holiday season, Merry Christmas.
he is just the most loved regular at the cafe!
If I Fucked Your Bitch, I Apologize.
.
.
I'm Not Sorry Cause 9/10 It Was Delightful Lol But ForgiveForget Right ?
Lml FuckWitchuBoi 
I think I'll wear my red sweater today....it's 30, and they say there's more 'weather' on it's way!
I hope that groundhog got it right.
Climacteric: Google Alert  signs of menopause
Ldoctors are to blame, totally have been there
the fun therapy!!
www.youtube.com/watch253Fv253DSByymar3bds
Heading to Eastern Oregon's Homecoming game.
Go Mounties!
black iPhone everyone got the white one were I'm at
coach had us working out late after school
Hall and Oats looks like Joan Rivers and Janice Dickinson
i have 2 friends who sell them.
i have 1 big warmer and a plug in.
Pick something out and let me know.
its on the house
Having a blast !!
Where you at night life??
Stale Cheerios: Commentary on O's stale job stimulus?Don
It's official, I start work at in a couple weeks!
Awesome!
Glad you guys are having a great time.
Ugh, I want to listen to Lullabies and some more old ATL songs, but I don't have headphones.
THE ISSUES I HAVE
Big day tomorrow..
stay tuned for the latest!
Tell your twitter friends to follow us as we step it up a notch here at Found in Town.
Great article!
With growth in mobile usage, small businesses can't afford to ignore mobile.
glad im back in pittsburgh
You will enjoy.
I'm going to sleep with someone tonight.
jelly..
Lol.
I wish doe : Oh, well..
bye.
I hate you all.
Jkayy ILY all.3
lol good good..
15 mins a day makes a high difference
Watching the US  CAN game on Mun2...wow how quickly I forget how bad SD looks.
how did we watch this for YEARS?
Definitely need some help with my paleo batchcooking!
Going on 4 days of eating the same ground turkey recipe!!!
Blah!
We are burning big time calories with BOSU right now!
This class makes you break a sweat!!
Playing in douglasville, Ga tonight!
'Toast To Motown' Tuesdays is goin down........this new SoulFul Happy Hour can only be found here  1701....
Like clockwork, all of my most eagerly anticipated library holds have become available in the most hectic week of the semester.
Perhaps, there's more than one!
;RT : never, hope to see one tonight on RHoNY on at 10/9c
man twitter.
your letting me down.
I came on to find info about the gunman on the GW campus but you give me NADA.
I have a stack of 5 cds to import.
This makes me happy
isn't that part of what OWS embraces?
We are expendable to the 1 when we can't make them enough money.
i sure bet you do!
:D
Thanks for following!
Gaining ground on the competition
Press conference with Republican Senators just interrupted by opponents to voter ID bill.
see u in the dark is definitely a good 'first song' to hear from 3 will always be one of our personal favorites.
It's a concert where each major ensemble plays a short ditty or two.
Donors love it.
Students feel quite the opposite.
:
: I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary.
Lou Holtz great quote one of my favorites
I didn't give it to you did I??
i've thought about returning to boot camp ..my car is ..well it's ..um ..deserves a convo not a tweet lol
's Virginity cover is so beautiful33 c:
Global warming is killing off Polar Bears and hockey players.
Get informed
Great lunch
www.800printingnyc.com is New York's 1 Affordable Printing  Graphix Company!
FREE DELIVERY IN NYC
thanks for the RT!
no problem!
It's simpler and those steaks look so good!
How to Manage Your Brand in Social Media Using HubSpot
The only way to get me to eat seafood is to have a sexy man feed it to me...I ate a mussel...fed to me by some serious muscle...
I just googled HTML tables code and you can put a HTML widget anywhere on your site
Shouts out to my broski
GOd MORning G'; 3
My attitude arises because I vehemently dislike being told what I should think or what I should do.
: hope you get better soon
School,Hanging out x stuff Wbu?
What are you guys screening for?
Love to offer 15 off to come to Salute Wine BAr after the screening!
we've got some cheapass doctornks waiting for you!
Rainey and Pouncey reunited in Pittsburgh!
i love you all soo much!
U rock my world  cant wait to see u all this summer!
Xoxo bananas ?
: OH 
oh nevermind I meant meth.
Still nasty
Wake up Vicki!
Brooks is creepy as !.
And y is no one talking about Tamara  Briana wearing the same dept store doctorss?
I've played there a couple of times.
Played in a league there a few years back.
U ever play in Mt Sterling?
good morning to you!
just bought 10 yoga lessons.
wish me luck!
Corn vs Flour Tortillas  Better Fitness Daily  Nutrition: Flour tortillas have up to 150 calories each, corn tortillas about 50...
I'm sorry I won't be in today.
I have to rescue my friends and save the world.
if the crockpot's arockin', don't come aknockin'.
icantgoadaywithout Internet!
I am a slave to it.
Haha.
RIP DAVID WATTS.
Ghost of indecision, mystic sex addict and pathway to pain.
I will always love the false image I had of you.
I still get to spend the summer here in ABQ though!
I thought I would have to leave for ATL earlier
Its freezing in the office today.
Can't wait to go to VA and see my family.
Skype or tinychat anyone im bored
Thanks.
It wasn't working, but after making some changes...it was.
Might have been a conflict with the Simple Tags plugin.
niall do you like sushi?
RePEc principle: many archives, one database, many services.
i look god today ; lol biology starr today  im ready for this!
: I big room full of broke niggaslol bet u give out yo number
Today has been too funny
dinner soon?!
stress has always been a weakness of mine
I.
Cannot.
Sleep.
24 hrs til the Super Shuttle picks me up to take me to the airport!
So excited to celebrate graduation!
what book?
never been scared to say i was afraid but i never said so i guess i remain brave riding as long as the road im on remains paved
Let's do for Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson what we did for Ron Paul in 2008.
Both started as unknowns.
Let's get this party started!
guess whos ready for prom to get here already...
ThisGirl !
Pretty sure I gained a good 10 lbs after this lunch.
I need a nap.
almost true.
first tourney 1939.
So, I mean I get you need to count it to feel good.
And ya can't hash tag a hyphenated word, FYI.
glad our products can help!
have you tried yet?
I wanna follow these stupid high school batches on twatter only i don't want them to know
A month from today and around this time I will be trying to sober up for the all nighter
Rain delay .
20ThingsAboutMe cheerleading is the most important thing in my life.
the boys are sitting next to Nicki Minaj at the KCA's
Ditto!
RT : ff these gals are keepers!
are you concerned that this might be overwhelming for some learners?
How do they/we filter?
Did the new interview of mikey come out orr..?
ah that looks so goid!
I want one
Pacers pull through and win 10297!
Bucks a game and a half behind Philly
dont worry, i'll see you tomorrow  RT I've missed you for the passed two days:/ 3: :' 
Thanks!!
We have some awesome new products coming out for Spring/Summer beginning in February.
Get Excited!!
because i dont eat meat and thats all they basically have so i want olive gardens
Welcome  I can definitely see that lol
Happy Valentine's Day Boston!!!
That awkward moment when your mom is Mexican today but come Sunday she's a U.S.
citizen smh
YES, the PITTSBURGH PIRATES have a better record than the PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES
it sounds very cool great for adding color and distortion,have not used to many other tape emulators to compare, but I like it!
you rock!
Thx!!
My pet peeve is ketchup packets.
You need a  dozen for any application.
Sleeping In Tyrone Shirt Tonight

i was gonna call you back, but i fell asleep OkImLying i was on the phone w/ somebody else mo important
to go up in smoke wooppee
Love, support, like fire, perpetual motion, disappear in hope and fear.
GOAL!
Penalty kick Jack Jewsbury, Portland Timbers 2 Toronto 0.Team looking great tonight, Timbers Army strong in the Rose City...
been busy af:/ my bad G!
Tim McGraw Cracks Top 10, Lee Brice Scores First No.
1 on Country Songs
RT : As adoptive parents we need to be able to HELP our childoctorn make sense of their past, not keep them from it.
Congrats!
That is great news!
Finding land to lease is a blessing!
Will Oregon kick our asses in the fastest manner possible?
BTW,Rasch means 'rapidly
Congrats to power couple  Male and Female Vocalists of the Year!
brittany crying on the phone 
WhileInRelationship you can't leave your girl hanging for another.
Back to normal...had a good audition yesterday...reh for Figment Fest later...
Proud 2 help on REDDay!
They r working  a church  William Paca Elem in Bmore.
ReStore gave 72gal paint  supplies.
Gm DiVA's Get to the stores today.
Pick up Healthy hair by Racheal products.
www.iamhealthyhairbyracheal.com Enjoy ladies
hahaaha, oh funn.
i also have clean :/ im definately chillin listening to music instead lol :
Funny thoughts are like Starbucks on every corner of my mind
power went out for about 30 minutes
Animal Planet, you kill me.
First, great survival stories on Animal Cops, then an adorable show about baby seals.
Productivity  gone.
Holy smokes!
My offer just got accepted...I think I just bought a house.
Good morning all!
Gonzalez in Madison Heights is currently hiring Robot Programmers with experience in Fanuc and Kawasaki.
Send resumes in 
All that we deeply love becomes a part of us.
Helen Keller

thinks chitchat w/ job seekers is mostly nonsensical and faked interest on recruiter's part
getting a pedi and manicure ...luv it....Im worth it
In the car I just can't wait to pick you up on our first date
Volunteer for MHFH at the State Fair Corn Roast on August 7th!
Contact Brittany.
Dinner provided!
undertheradar bt not invisible: : can u have heated debate w/ Greg abt why we need him on Twitter?
haha!
That was a redundant statement.
I will take a your word for it, enjoy!
love it
Golf is so popular simply because it is the best game in the world at which to be bad  A.A.
Milne
I need an assistant NOW!
I will pay!
Ive got a lot of work coming my way and I need help mapping it all out!
PLEASE RT
Same to you!!
oh he got a shot...
thanks William.
Enjoy!!
I literally just waited 60 seconds for before I realized you are doctornk.
: Please back our right to play licensed and regulated online poker.
Back HR2366.
Thank you.
Wish I was with the lunch crew :
follow me back
T minus two hours to The AVENGERS!!
Oh, you can fight if you're from Brooklyn, the Bronx, Texas, etc.
Really, it dont matter where you from, if you can bang, then thats it.
RailroadToAlaska and BLOK are now confirmed for our upcoming MS Benefit show!
Who will be the other two bands..
any guesses???
much love fam...
whats going down fam?
i peeped that 5 6 joint , interesting how you got them cats to link up on that one..
oh yeah, freakin out inside there.
need to fix that, clean it, and possible show me how to work torrent stuff.
haha let's have a nonnas date with peeps later this week
Musician Jim Morrison was born today in 1943.
rightttytyyyt I hate it
Leaves are turning and falling, smells like burning firewood outside and Halloween is right around the cornermy favorite time of year!
Why is the theme today that Summer is over...
yes Labor Day has passed, but there are still 20 days til this years' autumnal equinox!
Thanks Jay for being our fan!!!
twitter i goto go to the store so i will see you guys l8r!
Not acceptable.
Just not as bad as everyone makes it out to be.
I mean, who are we to judge how other people type.
It's nbd
mhmmmm.
thats totes why you just fell asleep while i was singing right?
well I don't think there's a way to stop it tho lol..
Unless u disconnect urself from social networks lol :/
I can help with the 100 racquetball questions.
Let me know?
I can email a bunch over.
:
that's a downer.
Thought maybe this was behind the team by now.
Cops and Occupyburque organizers working quite well together kudos to both
The relevancy of last tweet 
I do not envy executing in a hurricane.
Best of luck, I'm sad to be missing the chaos!
Hmm...I wonder what delicousness has planned for us next weekend..
wherever the people love are :D:D
OF DOLLS AND MURDER at the LoFi Coffee on Main Street in Mesa, AZ!
Tues Feb 21st.
Please tell your Mesa friends!
Tryin my best to make my bad days good n my good days great.
There's only one way to succeed in anything and that is to give everything.
Vince Lombardi
Help us go out on tour to see all of your!
Buy a bracelet for cheap or grab a tshirt and get free stuff!
http:armisticemerch.bigcartel.com
1 Imperial tablespoon  17 millilitres, I like the idea of the 'imperial tablespoon'  That's no spoon.
It's a space station.
good bye bvblongisland and Hello ConcertJunkie66 D
Things seem better:
ahaha okay u know I'll really come to!!
damn I get the evil eye ..even thou i wasnt lien smh
Who else is running the LaJollaHalfMarathon this Sun w/ ?
Where's TeamFletcher?
Cannot wait to get my fix tomorrow.
Of BZ, that is.
Delancey lady date!
Tomorrow is a very special day....
Don't make me break out my chastity belt!!
LOL
We need everyone to go follow !
West Irondequoit students head back to school today...
RCSD starts tomorrow, some teachers still not sure if they have a job
; Peanut butter crackers !?!
SHHARRREEE !
:
that looks more hightech than at least 2 of our studios here...
Cutting the crust off my pbj
chillin like Bob Dylan!
You?
: Just seems pointless to put a hardship on an awesome/supportive employer.
SALE: 51 off CloSYS oral care today only!
Free Shipping Free Breath Spray.
Win CloSYS for 1 Year!
Promo Code:HUGME51  www.myclosys.com
Knock KnockWho's there !Athena !Athena who ?Athena reindeer landing on your roof !
Alright , okay , just crop me out of the picture .
Love you too guys !
When prepping for an audition, know the tone of the project; then explore choices of every variation and hue within that color.
And rock it!
Twitter only works if you engage in conversation  or at least say hi  before you fire off links at them.
Otherwise, it's spam.
easy on the tweets, u almost have more then me and ive have had twitter for months
Mike, is Jean Carlos Batista currently in extended spring training?!?
TheHungerGamesTaughtMe to watch my back at ALL times..
Congratulations to Dave Jr.
n Jenna proud parents of Dave I born last nite on Dad n Grandpa Dave's Birthday!
Hey I heard you like the Wild Ones kitchen dance party with Chandler FloRida he's got all the lebanese smooth moves!
Have fun.
Would you believe we have Opening Day tomorrow?
First a parade town then a day of games.
Hope the weather is good.
thx for the shout out to my studio !!
We are so excited, in renovations now
I should not have bought Pringles at the grocery store.
You gotta respect her, shes a nbitch to everyone or nice to everyone
man you have this song stuck in my head brotato
Don't wanna give in, so we just gave up.
Amazing how you talk so tough about Philly when you don't have an affiliate there.
Pretty lame, JT.
Sorry for your loss, Ben.
go kings!
Was i the only person who thought ScoobyDoo was corny?
love you best friend
JUST YOU WAIT UNTIL , !
everyone stay in the same seats for second half.
Dude you got robbed on that facemask call.
Nice play kid
NOT WALKING OUT ON KIDS We do this
Well damn I'm sleepy but can't sleep go figure
You can achieve greatness by allowing the greatness of God to shine!
I apparently really like red velvet type food.
I just found three old different emails on red velvet hot dogs, pancakes and fried chicken.
what he do
of course you are invited Leah!
My new DP?
Yay!
Congratulations, and see you in the fall!
I Love You Like A Love Song Baby...
There's no way 2 describe what you do to me, you just do to me ..
what you do..
NP  Selena Gomez :
why we no in your picture no mo:
Nothingfeelsbetterthan that moment when beautiful dm's you what you've always wanted3
I'm most impressed by the gent who, unprompted, had the wherewithal to Call for end of questions
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG .....
IDK
it's much harder to ignore things that you didn't notice you were noticing in the first place
Where's the Dam tour?
The ice cream truck music outside my window is creeping me out.
I wish it would move on to another neighborhood, but it seems stalled here.
Please can we all!
: Remember when the world had manners?
Me neither...
Can we bring some back?
Please: and thank you:
Favorite films that take place in an office environment?
Day 2 of nascsp12 Orientation!
Looking forward to another informative day with members!
my boyfriend should marry me, because he's perfect and i love him more than anything, seriously though.
The amount of perfume being worn by shoppers at Lenox mall is unbelievable!
Once again, people don't understand too much of a good thing.
Haven't heard you call any of those GOP Candidate wives bleached blonde airheads!
Hi there!
Thx for the RT.
How have you been?
everybody wants to be followed but they don't like to follow those people
so who needs tickets to the 14th?
Judging feels good to us.
We temporarily forget our own failings as we focus on the faults of others: James Bryan Smith
Just read your latest piece  unsurprisingly, I am reminded of how lucky we all are that you share your writing with us.
Imma type random shit Chickens Hi Boo !
Tweet I'm fucking bored
never made anyone dinner before, nervous!!!
I dont like being cold at work...I HAVE to be up but cold makes me sleepy
thought that was u...certain ppl  their attributes u don't forgetLoLalso learned a lil sumthin new about  the gameLoL ;
It's funny how proper preparation makes for easy execution.
Dear Flo Rida, please put on a shirt...
Nobody wants to see all of you.
awesome!
i love a chicken biscuit.
Be thankful for the life you have...
You never know when it will end.
OK.
Been busy; missed the joke piece.
Thought it was odd/clever given his links to Pugh.
;
go get this done!
I believe in you!
will always have your back
Tyree.
RT : Who should keep the ball from the GiantsPats Super Bowl...Plaxico or Tyree?
Same ball for both of their catches.
dont know, but he sure can block shots...
True...
does seem to have himself a lot of
How can someone eat pink meat!!!
phew what a day, 14 hrs today, 15 tomorrow, 10 on Friday then Fri night/Sat/Sunday first aiding at
Gonna be a beautiful day.
All I'm saying is this: A week ago I tweeted that Webb was due.
He is.
aww bro sorry bro didnt mean to offend bro shut the hell up bro
OMG i can't believe you got that tatted on u homie lol thats cool tho!
I think i'm goin 2 get Rascal210 tatted on my arm too
me too!
In bed checking twitter.
: Trying to sleep in and I'm wide awake!
The NFL doctorft had a ton of defensive picks.
Heard it wins championships.
excellent!
And happy belated Darwin Day :
according to jeannie, dogs have periods.
LLMFAOOO
Quick top of first.
Reagan gets runner to third but don't score.
Middle 1st: Carroll 0, SA Reagan 0.
more like any type of physical exertion
Everyone was SO EXCITED about the library!
doctoraming at 36,000 feet.
X
it was nice seeing one of my clients BALLIN tonight!
I hope you ankle is alright homie!
The odds are not in our favor today with skype video problems and then my phone dying
Commission is back from break.
Will take up Technical and Outreach issues.
Hi lady!
I met Judy Lucero today  found out she's in your Kiwanis.
Got me thinking about you.
Hope all is going good!
Don't worry, now there's more time to doctoram up more obstacles!
In stupid health with
Is it sad that this is 85 of the reason I would never go?
The 15 is random rubbing.

so awesome to see you  and see you again in April!
hrrrmmmm munchies huh??!!
You are awesome!
yeah I noticed that.
Strange.
Vibin' to I do I do I do!
I got nothing but I'm good
It's difficult when bananas eat monkeys.
When CSA survivors finally step out of the shadows and start talking its truly the first day of the rest of their lives.
I loved it.
Cool, clear and crisp air in Fort Worth, Texas.
Hope everyone has a great evening.
Ready to take on the world.
Refreshed and refocused.
happy birthday coach
A little late
I'm so close to 2000 followers!
only a little over 100 more!
; thank you all so much!
how about if you give me a s/o!
ill give one back!
Omfg I fucking hate this kid!
U know commercials are long when u forget what you're watching
DM me your email and I'll send the MS Word template to you.
Are you still coming to Tampa and are you still interested in talking.
Let me know.
Thanks.
SERIOUSLY STOP IT
It's all false love and affection....you don't like me you just want the attention.
yep, but I'm a fan of Library Love Fest and NetGalley for a long time.
I couldn't ask for funnier, smarter, more gorgeous ladies in my life.
thanks to mee
You mentioned Thriller and Bad.
lol
never been conceited...i've been quite shy for most of my life
Just sitting here and all of a sudden the Barney theme song is stuck in my head....I have problems...
yes, but if you lose the ball in your own half, that much closer for counter
aye.
I gotta ask you something text me 9019495193
I Hate.
I repeat I Hate Kenny Smith knees....
RT : I'm at TD Garden for Los Angeles Lakers vs.
Boston Celtics w/ 67 others  low turnout.
home with plumbers working in my bathroom.
there is now a big hole in my wall.
matches the one in my life
I feel like being very bad today...
Very true observation on work vs.
conference clothing!
bo!
We wish you could come too 
Feeling headachy and sick this evening, so pooped out on doing laundoctor.
Am trying to muster the proper enthusiasm for my p.m.
routine.
...or she just ignored you!
LOL JK!
Complete makeover for my clients new apartment at The Plaza.
MyFitfoods for my post workout meal/second breakfast, I think yes!
Well another holiday down the tubes
Is Javy Guerra the new Jonathan Broxton for the Dodgers?
BOXES!
WHY U NO UNPACKED?!
Don't blow it!
Neighborhoods  obesity  test scores, college enrollment and future wages for kids.
DS: you seriously need some spellcheck.
You tried to clown us  spelled raisins wrong.
Meet and the cast!
Black Angels Over Tuskegee special appearance at the Harlem Arts Alliance, Wednesday, April 18, 2012 Quarte
Maybe the photograph of us in Portland, I dont know.
blowing out a frustrated breath While I was with you in Georgia

Conan rocks!
Just learned how to cut and paste!
Just witnessed some guy get to 2nd base with that doctornking fountain...
Nasty
Franchise Tax Board: Downtown for a meeting and will discuss Twitter, FaceBook and YouTube.
This will be a sample for my presentation.
is coughing...
too much rain on saturday night?
next time I'll instagram it.
:
btw I like that your twitter isn't private any more.
Just in case you missed it earlier today.
Anything we make on our Kickstarter these last few hours will go to help the indigenous tribes.
when people dont reply
Yey!
its the weekend
Listening to and brief volunteers on today's legislative activity.
Thanks to everyone that contacted their Rep.
Only 37 more days until the 137th running of the Kentucky Derby!
Have you purchased your hat yet?!
Opportunities are precious!
Happy Mother's day to all the mother's around the world!
Remembering always your calm, inner centre, but forgiving yourself when you forget.
Goodnight sleep well
GREAT idea, thanks!!
So I got an email from saying if I reserve movie online i would get free rental code.
It's been 2 weeks and nothing yet?
Why ?!
watched it  good work DDF!
excited to play the Hard Rock Hotel tonight with by more awesomeness this weekend!
Omg.
Only like 20 peeps a head of me to meet him.
We will be best friends for sure
Got my ass kicked this morning at Isn't supposed to get easier now that I'm a veteran?
you tweeted me and woke me up.
Courtney, I got this problem, i wanna talk more but I gotta get off twitter.
Tuesday: We call ALL unsigned talent to the stage.
Club Pyramid: 101 Ave.
A.
BTW 67 St..
Sign up 8PM, 18, 10
If 25 people tweet back to me ill have a giveaway on my youtube tweet baby tweet!!
:
sorry for delay, u got a lot of videos which one u want featured.
: So I'll just tweet today...
Not too many calls or text are gonna be answered sorryit be like dat!
God give me patience
Everything you are, makes you beautiful.
Hate red lights!
quit being so busy and hangout.
you.
are.
so.
funny.
I know they'll break my heart in April again, but I gotta say that I'm liking the Capitals starting the yr 70.
Sweatshirts are really hard to set on fire.
Gimmie ha twitter name RT : I bet yall won't  the bitch
IM READY FOR ALFREDO TO MAKE ME SMILE AND MAYBE FOLLOW ME PLEASE.......love you 3 gotta BELIEVE right
Luck is when preparation meets opportunity.
www.Rshamar.com
didn't see anything..
I agree.
Yeah it's inconsistent and i don't understand the punishments for the crimes.
that was pretty fun!
Netflix down for anyone else?
Service disruption in Pittsburgh.
Is this why I am supposed to pay double the price?
It feels good when you can finally train your heart to not feel pain.
Heart so worn it got calluses
you all know louis is tired of the carrot shit, right?
Hah.
That's another doozie.
I expect I will be unconsciously humming some sort of mashup shortly.
Whats wrong honey?
hey, no I wasn't!
I had knocked out .
Phantom of the Opera, Beautythe Beast, Wicked and Lion King and Next to Normal are some of mine!
Are you providing personal valet parking services at tonight if it's raining?
omg, I'm tired too.
You better get that paper done tho.
lmfao.
OMG DID YOU HEAR ABOUT THE SIGNING THING!
Ugh if y'all knew the story you'd be venting
I can see two of you and it's fucking awesome
Genre you like?
Linking my belief to something that is higher then l
WHO'S NEXT?
Let the beast feast!!!!!!!!
Thanks for SO, Hilton!
yes check your inbox
Also, can release to public domain at any point if bk isn't selling and we don't want to do any more editions.
good how are you 
Thanks so much for the
my goodness look at that view .
Simon, great to connect with you!
Please let me know if you would like to read any of my work.
Best, Matthew
please don't hate me!
:/
Girls wearing sorority sweatshirts automatically make me less attracted to them.
8th National Championship!
WOW!!!!
Bring on 9!
One of those days.
Happy Monday!
Our hibachis will be fired up in 34 short minutes!
ha what's up witchu?
haha.
think of a smart car going off roading..thats me
Stopping for doctornks/eats ?
Our gallery's right next door for an artful break.
Enter at green awning.
Open till 6pm today!
Considering it!
RT : Get a Cafe Cubano...
: That always works!
ima go to the As vs Dodger game coming up.
I'll let you know incase you wanna roll
you dont forget troubles, you either push them in the closet and wait for them to grow into issues, or handle em like an adult right now.
Did you know we're open early?
Really early!
6:30am Monday through Thursday!
Looking forward to Gardenscape this weekend.
Stop by and see the display we designed for Unique Garden Sheds.
Coffee can jump start your mind...but not your body.
So excited to see my Morgan 4 neighbor and alum Casey Hayward get doctorfted by the Packers.
So cool.
Cleaning out today and making donations to Goodwill and Friends of the Library.
It's a good thing!!
Free posters limited time only
Raza, lets make our own film about Chuey starring Marc Anthony as Jesus  J Lo as Mary, the whore Mary not the virgin Mary.
Arent you glad you have a mind.....?
awesome!!
Please spread the word brother!
Like us on fb!
Be blessed!
hey Bill, how r u?
long time no talk.
Miss seeing you around eworld.
How's your year going?
doctorp a line from time to time
'he' and 'asshole' tend to go together...
I'm jumping out the window...I'm letting everything go.
Hahahaha nice RT Has anyone checked on the Creation Museum?
DayQuil, NyQuil, oj, and cough doctorps!!!
Hopefully I get well ASAP!
Fucn dying lol : This nigga wanna know my favorite color...because??
Um yeah, Im a need u to stfu talkin to me..
and now!
It's a warm summer day!
Great opportunity to take some beautiful I 3 Art photos...
Nutrition is the Secret to the Cure...
youknowyouareagolferwhen while packing you find is tees and golfballs everywhere
come home already!!
He is one insecure ass nigga smh.
Starting to blow the fuck out of me
It's okay to hit a female but don't hit her with all your might
Can't wait till the finals to see my favorites back!!!!!
hey bro.
What's the name of these Apartments so I can check them out.
Would like to take the time and wish everyone a Merry Christmas.
i hope it was a joyful one, and that the merryment was plentiful!
SCREW OVARIES JUST GET IN ME ALREADY MAKE ME HAVE MY LAST ORGASM OF MY LIFE
Why they play half of the song Refill !!!!
????
Google Voice gives you one number for all your phones, voicemail as easy as email, free US long distance
oh wow!
I love them :D
and then there were nine!
You are on the right path.
um...that was supposed to include MUTUAL!: I like you.
Congrats on 2 followers!
Finally finished my homework :D
I love to sing and dance; I love the whole process of putting on a production.
:
Thanks for sharing!
It's hard not to love a pooh bear!
Your tweet just went viral and so did this one...
I mentioned this Boeing Hanger is big  but President just said you can fit Disneyland inside
Thanks for the RT
Ouch.
Don't tell the landlord that.
Still blame it on USPS.
I hope you get ran over by a train :
yayayayayyy!!!
I can't wait!
I've always wanted to take your course, as I adore everything you do!
yes, I am happy.
On Friday.
invite Your Friends.
If You're gonna forget, invite them now.....
We're connecting with the U.K.
It's badass.
Only 1 in The U.S.
Not a problem.
Always supportive of realmodels.
Delight is mine.
FollowFriday RT : Thanks
smirks I dunno...the waves don't seem good enough fir surfing to day..
Shit, KY won the National Title tonight?
I was paying more attention to Miami chanting Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
nonstop for on
that is awesome!
Scarlet smile is amazing as well!
And to our knowledge first UK fan.
Is it nice over there?
It would be MUCH harder to but itz like, u just assume cause u on a bed I want u naked?!
Let me order from the menu myself..thx.

i love you thing thong!
I miss you!
Congratulations, Auntie!!!!!
;
please follow she is you biggest fan!77
Surrounded by Idiots!
Richard Danielpour's prelude about life in New York City, played by the brilliant pianist Xiayin Wang, now on CNE
I only check it out cause it was beat other than that I give that shit 4 thumbs 
that sly SOB.
Do send pics.
Where am I supposed to be in 5 years?
Does He have a plan for me?
Why hasn't it started already?!
Its going great how bout urs?
:P
Challenge from Stephen Elliott: don't just be new', be meaningful
how much do I want to be in Chicago right now!!
tomato cages go for about fifty cents.
I'll save you an easy seedling.
30 minutes straight elliptical.
3,044 strides  setting 10/2.
Still cold turkey diet pop.
Water n iced tea.
Lunch was good now what's for dinner?
Tech Council Of Maryland Honors Jim Tholen as CFO of the Year At ...
See re Forest Park kidnappings alert
that'd be a hoot.
All these spoons clinking bowls in a quiet, dark room.
We're at 5000 ft  he will be just fine!
Wow Josh Chavarria called me obese :
you tell me!
Sweet.
Thank you.
I'll check it out!
they will win another before that happens
Starring at a mess of surely important papers wishing they would just dissipate or self ignite.
Seen on the hasthtag feeds: I didn't ask you to follow me blocked.
Sure showed that person.
Watching the MJ court case and heard the best line.
the guy on the stand was asked did he have a copy of paper He said NO I hope you do'''
Dear Aunt TUAW: Help me doctorve with Siri  TUAW  The Unofficial ...
7:37.
Sound like a plan?
Lamb stroking that bitch
The pink heart one?
That's our dog's dish.
I have a little round bowl with fish on it.
Hey!
I want a pink heart dish, MOM!!!
PS: Don't die out there, K?
So looking forward to meeting you too !
just bc yu N Chris brown beat us back in the day dnt mea i cant dunk yo ass now
Hi!
Were new to Twitter  Old Town.
Come taste our scrumptious fro yo!
Still cloudy haha, have an offer in Miami, potentially a couple more back in LA, and still plugging away apps allover.
You?
Better now?
one of the servers was fubar for a while.
Load is back to normal now, and your site looks good
asked my dad to cut me some watermelon, all i see is him assasin a watermelon with a ninja sword, wth!
:o lol
Beauty and the Beast was nominated for an Emmy in 1991 but lost.
70's teen idol Robby Benson is the voice of Beast.
I WAS JUST ABOUT TO SAY THAT.
YOU SHOULD GO ON OOOOOVOOOO;
I'm such a go getter
Just launched the new towel yesterday ...
Had my first sale of 3 today
weekends with  
Classic.
photography
RT : fish with the cooking oil already in.
hadn't thought of it that way.But I don't like to eat fish anyway.catch n release
hey peeps in Green Bay  surrounding areas: doctorVE SLOW!
Roads are slick!
Library basement: compensating for my test on wednesday and the weather.
please follow?
i love you so mucho
and the captainon title is all wrong, it should say OC LOSERS haha I'll think about it
Our interns are praying the fire of evangelism, the power to reach The One over all the people of
Oh, I see I didn't miss much by not watching this Boston v Philly game thru three quarters.
Soul Asylum Studios!!
AKA TheCastle Where Kings Rise !!
why does he run a keylogger on her computer?
so yeah i know all that too
Good morning everyone have a happy Friday
ThoseDaysWhen you just need to get away.
:O they're disgusting!
Lol
That's the only good thing that came out of that
I'm thinkin bout cooking homemade egg rolls, chicken fried rice, orange chicken  mayb sweet  sour chicken as well!!!
Love 2 cook  eat
The ATL can't handle The Truth.
dont shoot the dad, don't shoot the dad!
42 what?
Is this a racial joke?
you are so awesome 4good 4ever friends jejejeje i am a little monster
and friday im not too busy in the daytime.
okay you got me what do I need to explain
i guess he was right..
i do miss him :
i say what's on my mind i don't care if it offends you.
And if i don't like, trust me i wont pretend to .
doctorke
2011.07.26 Brewers 3 Cubs 2  So sweet back at home / Ax man ties Brewer record / with 25th straight
watching tear it up for GB right now
I hope this twin of mine have no enemies out here cause everbody greeting me as Mathew I see u been hitting the gym hard!!!!!
Lol

Thanks for the RT!
I cant believe I am about to vote lol
I just want what I can't have.
You're Boring.
I want to see other cities.
...
You're Dull.
And you're only a hamlet.
sent it bro!
DO NOT over cook it, just till it turns slightly transparent.
Best breaded with mayo then in panko crumbs.
SongsThatMakeYouWannaFight Troll song.
you too, my dood TEAMNUKEM brand cottage cheese, ftw
Agreed!
RT : I am shocked to my bones at his witty and fidgety displays.This world is on the verge of precipice
Ok headed to the gym now do make sure your getting the beach body in shape for your first bikini day xo
I went out to buy pillows and baskets and came back with a huge doctorgon statue instead.
Bali is the land of impulse buying!
Did you find the missing gifts?
sick!
Is this your first fight?
If not, do you have any on youtube?
I don't like the 232 NBA format either.
The team with home court advantage for the series doesn't have it thru 5 games
doctorp it to the flo make that ass shake, make the ground move thats an AssQuake
whats wrong with HM ?
hm....3 anime dudes i should date...ok!
1.
Len Kagaminevocaloid 2.
Sora...
I work for shady fucking people
And it's good to see joining the fun...
Today I celebrate my third anniversary being married to my wife Jewel, my caramel sweetheart.
Happy anniversary, darling.
Love you forever.
Yeah, I know I have no chance at meeting him.
Ha.
I just want to know why they made a wedding for a couple all about her.
you my friend are too kind.
Thanks for the shout out  encouragement!
Unicorn magic coming your way.
you really had commitment to the Ramona lifestyle!
I kind of want to reread them, actually.
LOL!
nice one.
another way to look at interning/volunteering is that, with experience, you know if you really want the job or not.
I am soo excited to get out of high school.
My head is feeling heavy.
Make it go away.
Come to the next psychic fair April 17th and 18th from Noon to 8P.M.
at the Pyramid of Enlightenment
You ain't got enuff money!!
get big!
For our fashion friends, who are some of your favorite designers?
relaunch is still coming for it was put on backburner with a new App launching CherryPickApp.com cc:
just remember what they pay their staff, that should provide sufficient context
we're fine without V though
My nigga I'm
Thats that shit that doctorves me crazy.
haha yeaah!
I wanna be 1D friends with everyone who goes tomorrow!
Even though so far it's five people..
lol x
To be nobodybutyourself  in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else  means to fight the
Sanjay, the Indian wife beater, headbutts his wife at 7.30 every night......on the dot
Going with the family to our first Tiger's game of the season!
Go TIGERS!
can I video chat you??
am such a big fan and ily!!!:I have to ask you a important question??!!:Ty!!ILY!
The new version of Ubuntu OS based on Linux looks very interesting.
I might just do a dual install on my home PC.
something in your eyes is making such a fool of me.
damn.
I would be livid.
Move to a better neighborhood.
and the man speaks..well...types.
Its a shame everyone's home for break and not getting a load of my sweet new haircut.
Holy shit.
AND AtTheSameDamnShow!?
I must be in attendance.
swamped with Mothers Day crowds be careful haha
I agree Moriah  too many selfabsorbed people these days.
Seems to be the trend or something.
Sad.
:
Cain says I've seen women sexually harass men.
Yes, that's how it usually goes, b/c it's so hard 4 a woman in restaurant biz to get laid
Dog park with Banchi.
Love Vegas today sunny and 72
Ever wanted to ask Pres.
Madison something?
My pal is meeting him tonight.
Ask with 
love it.
I'm dedicated to my Apple products!
...learning fast...never a dull moment...
Pipeline  Iron Monkey Men  Crab Women Augie sits with the second collection of Matt Fraction and Salvador Larroca's The Invincible Iro
Na I'm at West End Johnnies it's bumping right now.
They have a guest DJ from Canada name DJ Flash and he's killing it!
We live in a society where bacon makes grown folks happy!!
LOL
what's that mean?
I'm telling you....
Biron SUCKS!!!!
Inside of every old person is a young person that says, What the hell happened?
Happy Birthday Big Bry!
I never lost as much weight as when either physically or emotionally sick.
Apparently I've been well for a while.
:
Congrats notredame.
2nd is the first loser.
Cheers Evan.
:D
Somebody plz tell kaiyon to go back to sleep!!
Stadium Jumping and doctorssage.
I made a choice long ago to become a pro rider here instead due to the lack of family support.
I just made the most delicious cookies ever!
These things take a while bc we need to rereport, write, edit, etc.
CONGRATULATIONS TO THIS YEAR'S GRADUATES!
Your success means the world to us and we can't wait to celebrate with you on Sunday!
I jumped on their waitlist right away.
I suggest stalking their facebook page for tickets.
Do not wait for extraordinary circumstances to do good action; try to use ordinary situations.
To all the people who think that I starve myself...
I just ate: A bag of triscuts, elios pizza, apple sauce, three twinkies and a salad
Humidity.
The ultimate southerngirlproblem.
Unfortunately today its also a
NEW STUFF UP IN MOJO'S WORLD!!!
New  RockRoll Quiz, Music Video of the Day, Mojo's TV Clip, New Pic of the Day  a new Jigsaw puzzle!
Hello personal twitter account.
It has been far too long.
I agree with that.
pirates Saturday with Ron and Brent?
So I was brushing my teeth  I gagged on my toothbrush a tad which led me to throw up.
I was pretty excited!
Breakfast round 2!
Renting a car in LA is flipping redonkulous.
Costs as much as to fly there in a damn airplane.
Maybach Corporation Coming Soon.
i agree c:
Happy Greek Easter!!!
Blogging for check out Two Moms at ComicCon preview night at www.kprifm.com
We are about to have band rehearsal.
Working on new songs today!
It happens to be the birthday of my favorite person on the planet.
Happy birthday, !
Ha!
2's not enough?
How many do u guys have now?
I am enjoying getting bits of my life back.
: because my boyfriend would get upset with me..
lol
Tried to suffocate a Bitch...
Sat on a Face..
Great head game.
RT Today's secretflavor is DC CUPCAKES BANANA SPLIT!!
Order it by name, and it's FREE!
100/ location, 1/ customer
Just gave away 2 shirts on Facebook.
Go like us now!
Get updates, specials and info!
one of us, write a some lyrics of any song, and guess who the singer is,
J.
Cole Debuts At Number 1, Pushes 217k J.
Cole has finally arrived, as the young rapper managed to move over 217, 000 o
babe lets burn this world to the ground and make our own and i know that itll be perfect cause itll be just you and me
yeah I like that one too!
Now it's over!
Broncos can now start climbing back to the top.
The US is the only major country in the industrialised world that doesn't guarantee healthcare to all of its citizens.
Funding for Oasis exhibition in Paris is getting closer!
ONLY 4 more day, Original doctorwings and paintings for your support!...
Is the hotest guy from one direction!
Thats wzup...
I appreciate the info..
Lets network and make it happen!!
I must say, for entertainment, the CollegeSlam college dunk contest is the best idea ESPN ever invented.
thanks!
glad you enjoyed!
where at?!
You do not have to behave like a wild animal in the zoo in order to get your point across.
RT : Sarah Palin once had sex with a basketball player.
Good for her.
Can we get back to talking about her shitty politics?
Very  but needs polish  packaging
I think it's evident I will probably never be a hipster, but I reserve the right to borrow some of their clothes and steal their music.
You can erase someone from your mind, but getting them out of your heart is another story.
I get it, Tammy.
You shop books on price.
Kinda like the wine customer who buys a box of Gallo.
Sorry to lose you as a reader.
Everyone can be passionate but it takes a real lover to be silly..
Hollddd up .
.
.
.So this woman doesn't wanna take me to the store???
its funny how bon iver grew on you
In the same way, let your good deeds shine out for all to see, so that everyone will praise your heavenly father.
Matthew 5:16
thank you for spreading yoga love
S/O to my new followers
Funny.
Whenever interviewed Bubba, he had around 240,000 Twitter followers.
Welp, that's changed a little now.
Try 440,000.
I love windy Boston today.
Everything will be okay in the end.
If its not okay, its not the end.
She has a sourire radieux and a pétillante personality
'i don't have time to go out between now and 6 o'clock ' translation...
'i want to stay in and play mass effect 3'
i wanna move to cali, quite honestly it's beautiful there!
is your real name Samuel, because that would be soo funny.
I'm doctorving from the hotel , parking is gunna suck though :/
how many shirts should we make though?
Bout to change my twitter name
A solid effort so far thanks to Harrellson stepping up his game.
GO CATS!
I'm amazed at how much work is in involved in taking 1 little week off.
can anyone do a SHOUTOUT for me?
the things I would do to your sweet ass!!
Its perfect!!!
Thnx for suggesting restaurant.
This place looks amazing!
It's definitely being added to my list for the graduation!
Did you know you can borrow my book for free on Amazon Prime and Kindle Lending Library?
Forgot my moms birthday, injured, and can't to te party of the year.
FML.
hey got your message!
need to postpone this idea, will let you know when we organize our thoughts better haha.
Look at him;
Bush didn't try.
Entered a war he knew was wrong.
Now many have died.
Tomorrow is Mother's Day?
Prepared?
Today is recording day: final touches on new video coaching that will empower athletes to play in the zone!
Jennifer Grey's career really went downhill after her nose job.
Flexibility is the antidote for uncertainty  Alison Moore, VP Process  Product Engineering, Amgen
So, what am I supposed to be doing now?
Hello?
City equalize!!
Every body gotta learn from themselves n ur own mistake ain't nobody gonna hold ur hand thru life get up on ur own too feet
follow me??
much like paid likes/followers, paid reviews/ratings are events, not customers.
No app feedback, evanglisim, etc.
Online Marketing Jobs Center Celebrates Launches in Germany on May 1st With ...
SBWire
Thurs., March 29, 4 p.m., 271 CSH, Biotechnology Seminar: Responses of Arteries to Altered Blood Flow and Pressure.
Smh.
I knew that was coming.
Lbvs
want to raise awareness about how basic reading skills can bring millions about of poverty.
can u give us a plug on ur radio?
Congrats!
That's awesome!
so excited you were able to come tonight for the pageant
Beautiful afternoon in the burgh!
Stopping by Klavons in the strip for some ice cream!
No, wait juice in my locker
how am I NOT following you..
I swear twitter be messing up sometimes....
I was following you before..
sowry
when i look at a guy, the first thing i look at is the feet, nails, hair, and teeth.
Changing a culture is a long and arduous task.
Rome wasnt built in a day hard to find the all the answers at once.
Gallardo is no
Yes!
We're at home the next couple games, which i'm hoping pays good dividends.
you read my mind cause I wad just about to tell your ass that you're fake !
Apple is apparently packaging Project Gutenberg's Public Domain library with the iPad
haha omg, that is so her!
One of the finest forms of rebellion is living an unconventional life.
/via
that's good!
I play soccer sometimes, but I'm just working out now
The first coffee shop in London was established in 1654 and was called Oxfords Queens Lane Coffee House.
It is now a Jamaican restaurant.
I'd have to be insane to pass up an eve with you, , and after hours!
sadly, I might be insane ;
Looking forward to the next year here at Poised Creation!
Neva plan yo future a head of time the shit bad luck..
got a feelin my girl cheatin but she act like she behave but when a nigga leave she gone act amazed but i guess some shit dont change!
I just love too much!
It's alright.
Too bad you had to see this game.
serious inquiry add me to ur creative new media team.
So.
Freaking.
Jealous.
RT : Digging into a Blood Orange Chobani at the plant just made my day!
some people really need to watch what they say especially on the internet.
like seriously.
Preorder the new MIS joint on itunes right now!
It officially comes out tomorrow so get it now!
awesomerandomfact RT : It looks to an observer as if you're saying I love you if you mouth the word colorful.
Looking for inspiration to reach your goals?
Go watch the movie Soul Surfer
we are looking for more servers in brea at cheesecake
Hey Dave, I have a story idea I wanted to run by you.
Mind if I shoot you an email?
I wish karma would come back to you already, but it hasn't.
Thanks to Brian at on colonial in Orlando, I'm starting a new gym membership this weekend.
Too long dealing with planet fitness!
and now im logged in
What state you in?
im bout to twitter rape you.
Lmao
I always think of when I pass by Hubertus.
The Two Requirements for a Rule 1 Investment is: 1Wonderful business 2 Attractive price.
Phil Town
Happy Easter Everyone :
: Last newgirl episode of the season is on tonight at 9/8c!
What?
Well, the Mayan apocalypse can begin tomorrow.
Which incarnation?
I can watch Next Generation anytime!
True but Tbone rarely needed relief.
Either way it's fun to think about
TeamTexans my prediction jags get murdered by Andoctor Optimus Prime Johnson o yea
then you should send me one!
;
hell yea girl I'm getting done,getting faded!!!
I have 3 more blunts to go, wyd?
Now I want to put something with a ridiculous rainbow text shadow in there...
3 New song now ready for your ears.
Check them out, let me know.
Michel Hazanavicius  The Artist wins Best Director.
Oscars.
My Personal pick Woody Allen, Midnight in Paris
YouDontBelongOnTwitterIf all you do is complain about people tweeting too much.
This is twitter, not facebook.
Thanks for the FF love!
np notorious big  spit your game
I like how the internet has its rhythms.
Weekend relax, week explode.
True.
RT : Bummed out?
listen to Iron Maiden and Ministry.
Instant happiness.
I just realized our usernames are in the same format, hee!
Lmfao.
Yeah, remember when 516 was king?
organizing, storing, packing, planning for September.
9 work days to go!
Ramona's class is at 2pm thurs, so depends on when we are done, not sure if she needs us, would be nice to see guest, fri was better
I think should be a wine investor.
Sine Qua Non is up her alley!
the feeling when the person you're laying next too is knocked out  you're wide awoke ....
Cleaning the house like a boss!!
Rebel Morris sounds like a sharpshooter in a Western but she is a former paralegal doing a bangup job with her blog on the unidentified.
Boys had fun at the USA game, now its one to our first scrimmage.
Hope International comes to Oxy for a 3 pm kickoff!
R.I.P.
Uncle Leo.
Troy City Council: Stalemate  No quorum, no business
: McMillian played SS at Maine and was gunner on special teams  with doctoradlocks.
Gotta have 'locks to play safety.
They're all retired military though so they've earned the right to say whatever they want.
Don't forget, we also have gift baskets and gift cards available for the holiday season!

Bwahaha...injury plagued.career bruh...I should be good for the summer league tho...lol
RT Bent with 5 goals thus far this year close to making it 5 players in last 5 seasons with 6 goals in EPL.
Playing at Red, White and Bluezz in Pasadena tonight with Ian Martin on bass!
6:309:30.
Who's Oscar?
Never heard of him.
I mean yeah i guess !
lol
In honor of the royal wedding, I am going to doctorve on the wrong side of the road today!
Be on the look out!
I ain't with the rappin you gotta show me something
k, 3 I'm gonna fly to my aunts right now and go to ur house321
ridiculousness!!
:D bahahahaha
ImHopingThat dinner is in my near future.
I need to feed.
Teach for America info session TONIGHT 67 in the Stamps Prince Georges Room.
Learn how you can improve communities and boost your career!
Seein dmx break down like this crazy.
I feel for him I can't wait to see him sit with his mama next week.
I hate waking up hungry.I never used to.
Hoping that this coffee kicks in.
For lunch: salmon  veggies.Trying to be better about what I eat
I look like a damn Christmas present today!
Bucky red cap  Paddy's green tee.
Go Bucky!
Go Beer!
nice pic, how have you been ?
Miss u much!
Of course its dark chocolate.
Dark and mysterious like the Angel himself.
i luv u more than u will eva know
I don't like you don't breathe my air.
Tea Pot Lounge Blow Out Sale  30 an 8th: 220 oz All Top Shelf Meds
But is that hot dog u consumed an approved NYT food police certified dignified meal?
It's a dog you know, u should check!
ldapsearch: pretty handy, but behaves very differently based on distro and version number.
Cool story, congrats on appearing in the Times
Yu Aint Doing Jack, Yu Need To Get Out Of Here....
Lmaoo, mister Harris Funny!
Thx for coming!
RT : SanfordBurnham Stem cell event w and fun peeps
I am thinking about printing a promo card in invisible ink.
Discuss.
I'm going to Kansas City, Kansas City here I come
ThingsThatIWantToHappen  my crush falling in love with me.
Come to Viper Alley in Lincolnshire tonight for us and the great FRANKIE BALLARD!
Blastoffnetwork just added ShockHound to the mall with up to 3 cash back!
Finishing up some cabinets in a high end home.
Let us give your kitchen a facelift too.
Thanks for the RT today.
TopoftheWeek Tip: Here 's How to Style Leggings for Parties Every week, mystyle staffers, readers, experts and stars offer their fave
Every step I take will be of thinking of you
Under 50 bucks at whole foods, ALL I DO IS WIN.
haha I'll cry with you girl: and I better be b/c were fangirling buddies now!3
we wondered if it was cold.
Way to tough it out!
Justin did really good.
I can't wait for the believe tour.
Might get backstage passsess.
i lovee waking up at 6 to go to work
We would love to thank all the artists that work with us.
Without their great talents this would not be possible!
probably Davis and Miller!
Hate Jones and Lamb leaving too!
But sure don't blame them!
Since I'm so amazing, I'll be giving away TTSF fan bracelets that I make myself to the two people who tell people to follow me the most.
Would like to pause to remember how awesome socialmedia is  how awesome my connections are ; shamelessplug on how cool my life can be!
KONY2012 stopkony now in Emory Clark Hall room 111!
Come get your seat now!
Wanna Goto Dave And Busteta And Eat
If you help with the housework, sure.
: I'm pretty sure I just ran over a bird.
Boxes and square layout elements are your tyranny
What's up broadoctorpple??
follow me back..thanks
Best Printing Prices in New York www.800printingnyc.com  1800PRINTING is New York's 1 Printing Company
hey babe!
3
My Mother's Day morning starting off with breakfast in bed lovin it
thank u too
Anyone see the new Directv commercial?
The one with the guy  the eye patch.
Did you think it was weird?
I'm just not sure.
thats a great looking board you got there!
I see you used Dorkbot PDX  mind if I ask cost of board?
About to use them myself :
Welcome to my house party.
Good Night.
Hope you had a Happy Bday!
Nice chica!
Was Charlie there??
;
Thanks for the Mention!
Great Lineup Tonight on NWST with : on Seahawks Tebow and on Blazers and Howard Nontrade KONG 11pm
Will you keep my friends grandfather in your prayers?
He is a veteran and he had a major heart attack last night?
Please?
Davy Jones he made it to heaven today..
He was a fun Monkee RIP
I'm in full support of change, unless it's to me.
RT If a person reads things thinking it's about them, then they're guilty of something so freakin true!
lol
yeah I got it late, that's why I didnt hit you back.
It's so nice to have a bunch of smart folks say jump, we've got your back.
Do it
1 year 2 million 1 million guarantee TO Yes / no
I guess man....
hi new friend.
I can see u indeed.
:
If you are just now watching AskScandal GET OFF TWITTER!!!
We are in here telling it!!!!
lol me too; soon for sure!!!
Nitrous oxide: like being doctornk, and time moves in fastforward.
Wouldn't do it again.
Now recovering, on painkillers.
You must be REAALLLYYY bored.
Going to test out some new stuff at an open mic tn
I see young journalists who if they knew the finished product would be something they cld use, would do more tutorials
Maiden Minnesota was so great.
If you didn't go this year, get tickets next year!
also civil rights.
I've laughed at the preview.
Don't think I'll watch it until it comes on HBO
I had the best valentine today : got so many kisses and hugs from my little man  he's the only man that'll ever have my heart.
Love u guys!!
We all workout, run, bike, exercise  WHY???
Because we LOVE to EAT lol
Welcome back to
COULD YOU PLEASE FOLLOW MY COUSIN 3
Made it safely to Orlando!
Jack is scared to walk on Florida grass.
Finished Math FINALLY, Deleting Myspace, then Bed.
Cant wait to wake up in 3 1/2 hours.
go pack go love you ryan gryant
as long as he is a triple threat  singer, actor and dancer :
please follow me :
So happy for you!
Apple will replace an iPhone if it's the first time it's happened.
Google it for rules...
IN Quotes: In order to succeed, your vision must be bigger than your fears.
If the US is so uber religious, why don't we get Easter Monday off?
Australia's probably laughing at us right now...
First time at napolese.
Kind of excited!
no worries kenz, but you've been missed x
I could really go for some mcdonalds right now
Playing hangman through texts  : haha.
Ugh so full
Respond different all 25 times lol RT : Seriously have received the SAME email from the SAME coach 25 times today!
Cupojoe, breaking down script, groovin' to , and watching rock quinoa crusted lamb.
ADD bliss, thank you!
yeah it does :
haha I just saw this.
What's up?
Thanks for FF!
Have a great weekend
cant b a major league  will never compete w NFL bcuz of inconsistency in apply rules Coaches Q  Tort get fined 4 free speech really?
I will lock myself up and never come out
Im just saying though
Having one of those days.
Hope to feel better tomorrow.
Dear diary: The water in the pool is a little chilly today, but extremely refreshing.
I let the wait staff go early.
Slut: a woman with the morals of a man.
So...you should get on the chick in HR to hire me at Kil
your walkup music?
Did you lose a bet?
Roger Goodell upholds the suspension of Sean Payton, Joe Vitt and Mickey Loomis.
happy hour tomorrow?
You should come check out the office too.
Unless you're classing it up again at carnegie hall...
Thanks, but I'll continue my search.
I've seen your interior decorating.
RT: I got ya big guy!
Just ran into the homie Much love to the fam
If your actions inspire others to doctoram more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
Hello 87 degree Durham, NC.
You know how batman would get the bat signal.
A baby's cry is kinda like that to
The night awaits you.
How you doing mister Victor I was wondering if you were looking for one more artist to manage?
Please let me know Ill send music.
Social media  sports
Good to have you here!
Welcome!!
Okay are we ready to RAMble?
Let's go
I love all these solid teams losing it when they play us.
Our forecheck and defense is amazing.
This is how a Stanley Cup team plays.
Your welcome.
lol how did what go?
i like to talk and talk and talk
I wanna know the things you're thinking, I wanna be at the place where you are
Thanks for the follow!
SinceIamBeingHonest I really don't care what 99.99999 of people have to say about 99.9999 of the time
Now we can settle this like you got some classor we can get into some gangsta shit, Charlie Brown
Something tells me a lot of laundoctor will be done this evening, VP of Finance George Latter said in email
Ryan Brown, you've won a Tier 3 prize from the RaffleOTron!
Please claim your prize in the atrium.
Eric, thank you for voting for us.
Because of people like you, we made it!
We are playing the Hard Rock.
More info later.
damn sis I c u got haters smdh
Many thanks, , for you will soon be the most comfortable randonneur on the roads.
And neither one of them sings.
Good morning, sweetheart.
12 Tuesday Time!
Any 18 2 topping pizza is ONLY 12 all day long.
Oh i feel like going for a walk.
I can, but I also like a hard copy of it too
...oh I love this photo shoot already cannot wait to see the final product!
BeforeYouExit love you guys  bye!
x
maybe....maybe not...
unfortunately, 3 zealots are immune to logic
Congratulations James.
You have signed up for the Missouri Hunter Education Course.
RT RT : Sometimes I like to pretend I can doctorve like the fast and the furious guys ????
Find an exercise activity u enjoy and u'll b more likely 2make it part of ur daily routine.Remember 2stay balanced by eating a healthy diet!
Wow, hey Jenny, long time no see!
You betcha!
That's the way it works.
And he did it with almost no money: 299,934,223,432!
The size isn't the problem.
Like you'd know.
Ha ha ha.
Whaddup S to the Faber!
I had lunch with DNL last week, we were talking about you.
wordoftheday Reconnoiter To make an inspection or observation.
/// Use in a sentence!
Best one read  6:50am on 91.3fm.
ok jew
I love 's new I hate change button.
Happy Birthday to one of our stars Bryan Becker!!
Bout to be a benedoctorl kinda night.
can'tsleep
RSVP for the Kevin Turner Foundation Golf Tournament on April 23rd in Nashville and the Superstars and Cigars party on April 22nd!
ok ur weird oh so ur listin to noahs song lol how was the flight????
Miss ya
I was afraid of that.
Celebrate good times.
Come on
wow 1,500 likes thanks everyone.
i still haven't been able to stop smiling.
:D
Improv line of the day: these bathrooms are close together
Did Culberson do anything tonight?
Like seeing FlyingSquirrels actually getting a big league start.
Wesley Matthews says he's excited about Gerald Wallace's return to the Rose Garden tonight.
Every tree counts  let's keep on planing!
We love how madmen still applies to us!
I eat way too much sugar!
Any helpful tricks to kick the habit?
LOL!
: Do you have Knerd tshirt?
If you'd like, DM us your addoctorss and we'll mail you one.
Thx again!
Yoga is excellent for stretching and flexibility.
Weight training for lean muscle.
i hate that word bye
.
how about we ...
watch g06/7 at Turkey's Nest i.e.
TN.
Go Buckz 201213.
Coach Skiles  GM Hammond will optimize outcomes.
awww : hahaha I can't wait!
You're only given a little spark of madness.
You mustn't lose it.
Make me come alive Come on turn me on Touch me, save my life Come on and turn me on
TY.
Liquid is my goto tackon adjective.
It is especially compatible w/ awesome.
As in That 4iron was liquid awesome.
it was great having you guys in.
Sorry again about the tire!
:
coffee, eggs, recap in anticipation for tonight
life is so hard...just trynna swallow the pill of it is hard.
They say no pain, no gain.
So i guess ima gain, nd let this storm past.
This game is incredible
That scenario sounds like it could make a nice premise for a cormac mccarthy novel
lovely!
about to dig into a stack of thank you notes.
we will miss you too!
Happy Friday the 13th guys!
;p Tell all your friends about today x
is so perf 
Hot Saturday night date at Home Depot.
I'm breaking out in hives.
Aaaaaaggggghhhhhh.
:///
And that sir, is a fair assessment.
Heck yeah.
Time of our lives!
We'll go crazy!!!
3
Eden B from Rock Tavern, NY just saved her spot for our intensive at New York Performing Arts Center!
oh can't see!
Please describe.
:
Think it's been 7 or 8 months since I used the twitter machine
I need food and sleep.
Bad.
But instead, I have a dentist appointment.
How delightful.
Happy 21st birthday You taught me I can do whatever I want and nobody can tell me I can't.
Thank you.
Mullen's made this a game after early 50 hold.
Columbine leads 97 going to 4th.
chrittttty cat you coming up for fredfest?
The Story of the Treasure Seekers by Nesbit, Red Pyramid by Riordan, Wind in the Willows by Grahame
Public Opinion...
an attempt to organize the ignorance of the community, and to elevate it to the dignity of physical force.
Oscar Wilde
My publishing house needed a quote/statement from me for a press release tonight.
Do I feel cool?
Yes.
Yes, I do.
:o
Attention, all you diehard Orioles fans: If you bleed orange and black, you should probably see a doctor.
your statuses are scaring me..
Y
: and ur posting reviews on today?
Feeling the love!!!
gonna start unfollowing people who continually post verses from the Bible
lols is hilarious
Yeah Baby!
RT How are you badger fans feeling about ballforheisman?
via  RT with your support?

That video is priceless!!!
aww, hi!
RT you are simply amazing and inspirational.
I want your CD!
that's how i'm feelin'.
no your not.
no.!
Its sexy fantastic five.!
;
The water was glass this morning.
Me and a few seagulls out.
Nice way to kick off a Tuesday.
And I Aint Seen All Of Yall In A While, But This Summer Thats Changing
Relaxing in the snowy Berkshires...
I shoot the ball so we can all when,
Teacher  Student: You give 10 to a friend, he needs 5 he will return....?
Nothing You dont know Math!
You dont know my friends!
have you checked out the rest of the acoustic ep?
Or some of our other cds?
Thank you!!!
i'll try to help you out in some kind of way.
hopefully if one of us get to him we can mention each other.
RT : To make an original contribution, you have to be irrationally obsessed with something.
I'm almost certain that and I, dated the same douche.
every child in WV deserves a quality education no matter where they live What about giving them choices?
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!
Her: that hurted Me: it hurt Her: I know I just said that Me: no you didn't Her: what?
Me: nevermind, go get a bandaid.
Lol
The Very Hungry Caterpillar by Eric Carle: Gluttonous bug eats lots and then flies away!
we are happy as well :
Jay Leno likes cars, hey?
surely they'd have u on but if u want to respond in a vacuum get your own show on fox
We love you guys!
watch out for some January announcements!
We have a new server ready  vpnco35 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in London, UK
Lmao!
Josh Hamilton sliding on the tarp!!!!
Awesome!!!!!!
El vital east village perfect padoctor people watching, mahi, shrimp ceviches rock, pear margarita yum
Upgrade to this app
Junior dance tonight
Already counting down the hours until i can come home and nap.
in a true analogy, the Admiral joins twitter, and then Olajuwon creates the new twitter and sells it for 2 Billion
Approx the 1st week of June RT any idea when NCA paper acceptance will be announced?
late May/early June?
mke next round of snow in IA now will be here this afternoon 12 expected with most falling after sunset.
Slow eve.
commute tho.
Cherry limeades from sonic
romeo  juliet is so fuckin' depressing :
FYI, I responded to the email...
honestly, this is the first time in a while, that a Tim Burton film just doesn't interest me...
I 3 alliteration!
Good Night boys.
Can't wait to see your morningwood pics when I wake up.
;
rt A handwritten note is a powerful motivator.
It shows your heart in a way that's totally lost in email and Twitter.//agreed!
Are you stopping by tailgate on your way to the stadium?
San Diego has got a serious Basketball Jones: Go SDSU Aztecs!
Morgan Burnett was 71st overall.
hey your popular right?
please can you mension me to get more followers!?
xx lol xx
Omg MIOBI is so freaking awesome!!!:
That was an awesome sentiment!
Active military  veterans can never receive enough Thanks for their sacrifices.
:
If you're going through hell, keep going.
Winston Churchill
Shared the premise of my WIP with my agent, amwriting
Just had a nice bath
Welcome to the Tweeter!
Enjoying an extra nite with!
hi I hope you're having a good day c:
thx for sharing our article!
hope you found it interesting!
If you can have fun with how you do what you do..
thats half the battle If they only knew
Cross promotion with DeadliestCatch?
Really?
Ugh.
uhhuh,
Thanks for letting your list follow us
Bummed I can't be at the CD release party for .
Been sick all week and still recovering.
Good luck !
mos wanted killed it omg.
Shout out to The students at B .TEACH ACADEMY!!!
I had a blast today with you all.
See ya in a couple of weeks fashiongigs F
rest in peace mike the world will miss you.
Approximately 1 billion people throughout the world go to bed hungry every night.
Our feature today is a delicious turkey, bacon and avocado sandwich with Havarti cheese, lettuce and tomato on wheat bread.
9
2 NBA, several overseas!!!
Hell yes Im ready!
you want to know what is fun?
meth
Did you see the story on the ClassenCrawl tonight on Fox 25?
Success comes when you work hard to obtain it!
Going to be a real shame when BAPD Com.
Stan Valchek has Josh Hamilton detained because Angelos says his office windows feel threatened.
Coolest car I saw yesterday very cool
Benefit is tomorrow!
Please share us for ff and retweet your little hearts out.
Thank you for helping.
Zumba Toning has been moved to Thurs night this week ONLY.
Head over to tonite  7pm for regular Zumba with !
Damn dude you're all over my hood!
I needa find something to do im bored out my mind ...
/
Ain't that the truth!
Your honesty is much appreciated though!
If you need some wedding planning or coordinating, invitation designs or ideas!
Follow she'll make sure your day is PERFECT!
dwindling supply of followers!!!
damn!!
we are all in this together, eh?
Thanks for the shout out!
you know it!
Wow!!
Small world, indeed!
I love these connections!
:
A BFMusicFactoid  today in 1732 composer Franz Joseph Haydn was born.
He is known for helping to develop the Classical style.
Don't forget to support the Timbers U23s as they play PSA Elite on Tues.
at 730p at JWF.
1st Rnd of US Open Cup.
Happy Valentines Day Chevy lovers
Last night's doctoram: I was spiderman and was terrorizing my aunt...then suddenly she decided to sing Love Story by T.
Swift lol
As it should be!
Thanks for mentioning us, Todd!
Thanks for the shout out!
:
No way i could forget you or your voice!
good times :
your welcome!
I know how much it mean to you:  everyone3
I'll Have Another !
its just I've been working my butt off for what feels like nothing
Now that, thats what i call a deal!
:D
If there is one thing I know for sure Wisconsin liberals HATE, it's using a public computer for campaign/politcal related uses.
I write raps in my sleep
20 cool points.
See you!!
I think the whole Harbaugh situation is the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard.
So you're saying they didn't cheat.
I'm confused.
Olaaa Dayaanna.......baby please unban me from your cam.....please!!!!...we'd be good together......ok bye Hermosaaa   xx
: justifiably skeptical.
A many layered handingover of a check...
that response was slightly lame, you need to rhyme better to if you think you have game
Last night in Lakeland
follow they are so DOPE !!!!
Holdin it down for the Bay
Att: all my followers go follow the homies
Watching Boise State game.
wake the fuck up, smell the coffee and feel the intensity of things!
The IAP Photography panel is now reviewing app  130090 Chris S.
And it's here!
Two more days till my bestest bestest friend flys in from Denver:D3
Just spend 2 hours on the phone catching up with a friend.
RT If you love Jesus, you have to love the church, 'cause Christ gave himself for the church.'
I've watched it like 5 times already, I just can't get enough haha and I regret nothing
you teal we're team where you as?
Dude wanted to talk about my work.
Sorry, not tonight.
I'm fit
Back to back threes for gasol!
Waiting for Joe Biden to impeach his boss, as he said he would do if a president bombed an ME country without congressional approval.
OH GOD!
might have to place a disclaimer on my blog now.
Not Satisfied with Nothin..Just taking life One Day at a time....
Am not fighting; am disagreeing with ur logic  contributing to dialog on team I love  bad mgmnt
Watermelon party in the staff lounge!
I am a bomb like freaking donkey Kong!
Pictures of the super moon look just like any other moon picture.
Why was this even a thing?
RT : Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much.
Helen Keller
3rd?!
What is going on?!
All Christina's fault!
WIN an Ecopy of PRETTY AMY til 5pm PST!
To enter tweet Excited for PrettyAmy digital release 5/15 just :30 min left!
Lot of longballs in this 'ere Sox game it seems
NHL Fantasy doctorft tonight.
Can't wait to get this season underway!
1st attempt at Fantasy Hockey.
Heard it gets pretty hectic.
You play?
Becareful with my sweater...its vintage, got it at the vintage market lmfao
Ill see you up there then
Thank you Obama for announcing your support of samesex marriage.
Following up on the double doctorwnings in Tacoma last week.
The story becomes even more heartbreaking.
More starting at 4PM today on 101 KXL
Aye somethn gotta

I know the folks wants Sept, but I may want/need Oct...
NO!
jimmy protested
Hm the Child is being Nice.......Too Nice.......what could she want?
RT : RT : Victory belongs to the most persevering.
Napoleon Bonaparte
Never Without You Fan Comments: Who says that Ringo wasn't creative?
He's a fantastic artist!
Just heard 30Rock, Parksandoctorcreation, and Community got cancelled.
Lame.
suck
If you're lactose intolerant it is wise to not eat a whole box of Mac N Cheese.
Valerie could you please follow !?!
MLB fired Shyam Das.
Can't imagine why.
Maybe because he questioned their flawed protocol?
The Phoenix goalie is a jerk.
The Ford staff wishes all the mothers out there a day of peace, joy, flowers and brunch.
Nobody cares about this ginnedup hit piece on Rubio.
Im on a quest to claim absolute victory on every front.
Hey, TED Why wasn't invited?
PC or Mac?
Serious flow chop
that does sound good, but i think i have plans around dinner time.
text you if i'm out later?
sushi soon tho.
lmao my bad i was typing to fast DILLON
.
I sweaa I'm smart!
I left out my gmaa crib w/out my keys  can't get back in.
SMFH !
I don't understand people who instead of helping a local buisness see its flaws and become better choose to trash it in a public forum.
Dem church girls the ones you shouldn't really beef with.....
Hey kids!
Wim Wenders coming to town.
He's doing a QA following the 7 pm pina screening  Horton Plaza on Thursday, Feb.
23.
I hate when people try to feel bad for me.
gym at 1030 for 4hrs thats bout it x
When tweets have typos 
you have noo idea how badly I want to!!
Every girl should wear make up!
Remember the good ol' days when you weren't the RealityTV Channel and one actually learned about history?
2 more days.
This doesn't seem right, I just moved in
I understand, booze was never my thing, even though practically everything else was, I just don't like being doctornk
Please RT with an sweet hello to my baby girls Bay and Abbey who have watched The Game Plan 8 Billion times...
I love your work too, you must have the BEST editor ever.
He really knows his stuff and is so spot on.
That awesome moment when I find out I'm not invisible to girls!!!!
Sounds like a good plan!
Raw, Raw, Like a dungeon doctorgon ;
I'm about to hit Portland...I'll be back tomorrow
When we landed at DAL on Saturday night, Bad news: Mavs lost was the 1st thing our parking shuttle doctorver said to us.
Sorry
are those all the new track names?
:D
me to!!
Yayayaya you gotta see flacheecha now!
She's grown up!
Class Challenge: As a class, make a list of all the special things you do.
Post the list on the wall and invite the principal to see it.
You need to get our 98pxy mobile app!!!
Psalm 10:14 But you, O God, do see trouble and grief; you consider it to take it in hand...you are the helper of the fatherless.
Early bird gets the worm, but I'm after the snakes.
wtf?
I need photographic proof of this snow.
: Graham Zusi joins todays podcast.
SportingKC fans have any questions you would like him to answer?
Listening to speak about CoronaSDK, mobile app development 
i love your new haircut.
You should bake her a nice cake shaped as a heart Or the best present to her is your love and appreciation.
I have one my 5 yr old made I'll be glad to share.
Goodnight!!
Praying for
Tectonic Theater is doing Lord of The Flies but cast with men in their 60s70s and set in an office boardoctorom.
People who don't type properly annoy me so much..
I can't.
Happy birthday!!!
call me maybe again  lol
pacernation about to get this win!
Let's do it!
It should be a great time!!
: we are!
106 and park it bitch
See Pam Zekman of WBBM TV 2 Chicago rely on me as her legal authority in her investigative report about Legal Helpers in Chicago
'A brand that captainres your mind gains behavior.
A brand that captainres your heart gains commitment.'
bruins Milan Lucic .
.
.
Ohio State is the lone unbeaten team in men's CBB heading into this week and became a unanimous choice as the topranked team in the API.
very creative
are IN.
What do you mean temporarily incomplete?
I'm late, I know, but better late than never.
meet my husband And CB4 is so ridiculous you can't help but laugh.
Blame Canada?
I guess addoctorssed it saying they will air the proper episode on the Thursday replay.
lo.
okay good!
Happy birthday to my wonderful grandpa.
Love you, Papa!
Give kid free school, he gets upset with his 2013 position  he should be able to take playbook to opponent?
really?
God has a beard, because he wants to looks like Casey abrams
when are youu  the boyz coming to Michigan ?
Juicer recipe: apple, pineapple and rainbow beet.
Yum...
be a good boy.
There's a box my brain won't let me open right now.
But it has such a lovely bow on it!
Taking your hair out of braids 
D.W.E Records 500 Talent event TONIGHT Lounge, 7402 Greenville Ave, DALLAS TX.
Starts Info: Call misterDebonair

case and point : : Boredom is not an option, socially or sexually for a Sagittarius.
I am not doctornking my coffee fast enough.
say, can someone at the MN Capitol get an Adoctoran Peterson autograph for me?
Prefer a jersey or football.
Thanks.
Thinking about him ALL day :
RT : I've learned its not where you record, how much you record but WHAT you record that makes an artist.
Hating life right now
her death is not as sad as they way her life has been the last 810 years.
A person with a 100,000,000 looks down on one with 100,000 a person with 100,000 looks down on a person with 10,000.
They got us messed up
sounds like you got a future politician right there..
RT : Seattle City Light Restores Historic Ladder Creek Falls Light Show: Seattle City Light is celebrating the restor......
Past and Present We live by the Golden Rule
i love twitter.
but i hate mondays !
no school tomorrow Thrusday or Fridayy : PARTTTTTYY
Sign up for our newsletter at www.blpdx.com Watch for our latest edition tomorrow w/ Holiday Specials  latest announcements from the Lotus
RT : they should sale their teams.
There are plenty of people who would love to buy them.
True dat!!
Good Reply!
nah you need to w/ that ol' I told you so mess.
My opinion is that he aint there yet.
Add to the fact that u don't respect LeBrick
So we went from actual music from Foo Fighters to an artificial synth track from Rhianna.
Speaking of artificial, here's Coldplay.
Anyone know of any good TShirt printers around town?
It's that time...
ard, cool.
What's your email addoctorss??
I can send it to you this afternoon
you ladies made my day!
Psyched I'm 37 on the manicure post!
what subject are you learning?
Debating porting my number to Google Voice between contracts.
Anyone have experience with it on an iPhone?
Is it worth the added complexity?
sounds good to me ::....I just saw you!
When writing blogs for SEO, keep it short and sweet.
Porn haha iv watched it lmfao I think most every body has
The guys on gold rush Alaska are at it again.
Wish they would play shows where things went right every once in a while.
I'll treat you like a princess if that's what it takes.
I know a lot of people who could ;
Little Brat and Selling Knives to Jesus are submitted to DC Shorts Festival.
Looking forward to seeing us on IMDB.
Tonight Is VINTAGE PROM!
Who's in?
Epic doesn't even describe that performance.
Superstitious was phenomenal!
And I wish Cheesa was was still in this!
Falling down is how we grow.
Staying down is how we die.
Great lunch with at Mojito, the new restaurant in the Crowne Plaza Tampa.
Unbelievable food and atmosphere!
Congrats Michigan!
You finally beat Ohio State!
Reminds me of all those memorable wins Wisc had against the Fab 5 in hoops.
We need to get one tonight vs.
Oakland!
thanks for the follow and will look forward to your reads :
Franky..Franky..kricky!
Tighten up, son!
Feel me?
Then, why not DO IT???
Beatles for me.
I know just the thing!!
Now you just need to find time to visit me at mgmgrand!
I intend to live forever.
So far, so good.
RT : Did some producing/mixing work for the Whitehalls today, creating monster doctorm tones until the rain killed the power...
great minds think alike ; : Sometimes good people make bad choices
started a new workout regime  got my butt kickedat least it made setting up my gear at the gig tonight seem easier by comparison
Here's my Sarah Phillips 2cents  she has to be real, but that NBA Memes mishap fucked her up.
I wanna hear the whole story so I'm sure...
Hah.
Indeed much like his hair.
Can't wait it tonight.
Another PTA Mtg.
Sorry ladies!
I play music.
I want people to hear my music.
most people don't hang out at jazz clubs.
where do they hang out?
i follow him , woo :D follow me ?
:P
It's a Cougar Football Saturday!
Have to go pick up my tux Thursday....i'm so nervous.
what if it looks hideous on me?
Writing tip: If you insist on writing perfect dialog in fiction, your character better be a monarch.
hahaha I'm sure of it 
Omg Ashey Arvizo follows u !!!
:D
Baby is doing gr8 mom and dad are good so blessed 2 have this tiny angle in our family he eats alot hugs 2 all
Life doesn't begin until after 12pm.
Will do.
I gotta get up there for the show next year.
Anything happening later this year?
Minishow?
Oh, how HE loves us!
3
which of your restaurants are closest to Washington DC?
Need to get it on my todo list.
So excited for my panel on Working with Bloggers at cookbookconf.
Hope you will all join me, or watch online 1:30P
This is officially the worst birthday ever.
Good night.
honestly..that 08 darkness is the champ
How was Brigg's?
Bet it was packed!
Happy birthday!
Bravo Andy replied to me today and tweeted me hugs and kisses XOXO ...well it was more like xxoo but it meant samething lol love him!
Best news I've gotten all week!
RT : We are good to go tomorrow : and
Amen brother!
My cat seems to think my downstairs neighbor is another cat.
i'm so emotional!
america's got talent made me cry.
Why am I utterly powerless over emails?
boltnation allowed their stadium to be taken over by
Has any seen ?
K so this is my last tweet to you, maybe i'll try and talk t ya tomorrow.
sinus infections flipping suck.
I hate my damn allergies.
Especially since I have them year round.
FML
nahh just being honest :p
I'm so tired that I don't even know if I'm tired.
It makes sense to me, shaddup.
probably little fires.
But they broke a whole bunch of windows to stores and just damaged a whole bunch of things.
I'll never let you go
Many thanks for the FF !
There is a Yellow Pages at my door, it should be renamed dinosaur
Morning walk to work.
I really wanna go eat at Chilli's.
it's been too long.
I was wondering if you'd do something for my father that's been fighting Cancer for 6 months now?
Nevada employers with questions about opening a Modified Business Tax Account can call 8669623707 .
It's too late, and I'm too tired to be creating buildings, clouds,  sky from scratch.
nite pals!
Gary Payton probably the best Point Guard in the NBA in the last 25 years.
I'm so thrilled from this news I'm receiving
I hate when people say oh my you are tall.
Don't you think I already NOW that fuck off
RT : Don't forget we'll be having a tree giveaway for Baltimore residents this weekend.
Thanks to !
Bring ID!
Damn, Patterson got a 2 pitch walk!
WTF
I feel like I should buy stock in Walgreens at this point.
are you gone forever??
THE GIANTS ARE GOING TO WIN AGAINST DALLAS TONIGHT.
I can imagineP
hawks suck
Just found Completion by Design in the Twittersphere  follow them at
I never use the phrase, Your guess is as good as mine because, well...
it's not.
im shunning you for the rest of the year
not to mention not responding to emails or phone calls for departure updates!
Apparently, and his wife just bought my 22 yr old son a doctornk and offered to buy him another.
And im rappin on the beats they was supposed to buy, I Guess gettin high off my own supply!
Would love to bring bloggers to Brugge  trying to make it happen!
Hard work!
where have you been?
it's almost cheesecake time.
;
Bill Elsey rocks  great guy and really bright, no wonder he won TX Sommelier of the Year!
London is a GREAT location  will become the 1st city to have hosted the modern Olympic Games 3 times!
Great conditioning workout this am!
10 mins on the rower, 10 mins on bike, jump rope circuit, slide board and abs!
U ROCK!
Thank you for the FF!
Cannot people realize how large an income is thrift?
Unfortunately, I think I'm part of the GoNowhere generation despite hard work.
I am away from family and a business owner tho.
KEEPING FIT: Changing speeds helps bodyweight workouts  Wicked Local
you've emerged to occasionally tweet parliament or prince lyrics!
how's the writing going?
just doing me as usual...lol
RT LOUD NOISES MT : BOEHNER TOLD OBAMA HE WOULD NOT ALLOW DEBT CEILING INCREASE W/O DOING SOMETHING SERIOUS ABOUT...
shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin!
Follow her tell me and i give you a shoutout E
Email Pam DavisClark Stuy Black Alumni Diversity Inititiave 2 volunteer to call the minority youth accepted 2 Stuy.
.
nailed the interview on KLGO the WORD this morning!
She is a world changer!
No Goose
Think and wonder, wonder and think.
doctor Seuss
no problem, happy to share all of the wonderful yoga  wellness options that our city has to offer, Enjoy the workshop!
well duh, left is always right :
Just took care of an Unpleasant Task.
Trying to mend a fence.
The most reliable indication of public purpose in this country is derived through our popular elections.
quote greatamericanhistory.net
Creative so creative...
Wow the flyers are gettin embarrassed, its crazy!!!
They should be kicked out of the playoffs for this performance
Obviously my spanish skills aren't so good..
o.O
what time video will be available??
I don't if I wait or go to sleep!
lol
miss u
RT Cory Booker no E.
I am currently seeking a hard money lender in MIlwaukee WI for purchasing distressed properties.
Contact me
Well, we are looking forward to our implementation/migration to : How'd it go?
FYI, just sent you a copy of Basic Marketing Research.
Should be on campus in 710 days.
I'm here if you need anything else!
ahaha thats okay and hey!
i think i have that one OMG!!!
:D
I have wasted so much time revising this chapter that I've forgotten what it is I want to do.
Maybe not an unbreakable phone, just doctor Phil.
lol
finally in NC outer banks
You'd be surprised; our favorite VIP restaurant in Shanghai was BYOB.
it is such a small world.
Random connections pop up when you least expect it.
Aladdin eventually joined a small AntiIsrael terrorist splinter cell and went to prison.
He now owns a Bazaar in Syria.
It feels so good to be living my doctorams.
born tall, can't be afraid...
screen quality
goodnight child see ya tomorrow
lol they be around all day everyday : Crazy ass bitches all the live long day.
LOL!
NutCity
We're gonna bite the bullet and finally invest in some cop uniforms.
The TNT halftime show is awkward.
Having Kenny Smith stand in front of a giant arch of a TV screen, explaining a pick n roll...
Sucks.
Thank goodness that NBC rumor was false.
Whew!
Why haven't I been on twitter lately because I've been planing lots of things for Summer ect...
Now hiring 10 people in Southern California!
Make 1000 working part time.
Call 8007749143 to get more information!
FFV is one of my favorite FF's...but the FFV Advance translation is so bad.
Lame ass jokes everywhere...again...the SNES version is better.
stenographer wasn't certified.
It's a shame the media doesn't make the distinction.
i keep finding dog biscuits hidden in my couch whenever I take a nap...guess my little shihtzu has been busy while I'm  work!
3 my Roxie
IM SCREAMING JSYK
thats good !
and just because just ready for a break or sum
we do you would just have to search tipsy tokens in the search field or facebook.com/tipsytokens
I will I got you girl.:
snow be all crazy up in here
idiot aboard I never laugh so hard!
I'm back at The Sunburnt Cow tonight.
Doing my thing behind the turntables.
Ave C  9th St.
10pm No Cover
Let's Go Racing Boys.
RT : We are still taking nominations for the 10,000 AGP2012 Step show: Teams DM me your email for nomination info!

Thanks for the
Who watched ?
Thoughts?
Diana Ross is a powerhouse!!
Acting  Singing!!
Her rendition of home always fills my heart and makes me tear up...
lol.
You're the only person I will never judge!
New favorite station on Sirius is Real Jazz.
ok ok fair enough
you're just like every other guy, alex.
LOL JUST KIDDINGG.
you're so special  soo sweet!
haha love you3
do you have find my iphone installed on it?
is there a password on it?
I agree!!
Awesome event can't wait for you to fight Cung Le!!!
Lil Wayne is a fan of his gang like it's a football team!
Everybody needs beauty as well as bread, places to play in and pray in, where nature may heal and give strength to body and soul.
John...
honestly you're stupid because you don't have a boyfriend when there's a guy I know who cares about you alot!
Give him a chance
The guy behind me has the most annoying voice I've ever heard
Sounds like John Travolta is gay for male massage therapists
why do i even like you
Wow  how was the session?
Seems like hardly anyone was there!
Remember the Alamo!
Amazing to see YOU : Woofya :
balls!
just changed my password sorry everyone
Headed up to the Frank Erwin Center for the UT Natural Sciences Job Fair..come by and say hi to Paul McDonald
solo me gusto :3
you got married?
i want it listening to chris brown
Uh, yeah, what she said MT publichistory what do u think abt tuning history project calling only for faculty?
Meet Jack Black
thank u luv 
Brain Floss: It takes just 17 muscles to smile but 43 to frown.
You'll be smiling after a cleaning with us!
Call 4864880 today!
lol...so funny!
Hey, I had like some major heels on too.
TNSteeplechase Just remember to doctorve safe today Nashville DUI officers will be out after the race .
I Want Some Mac N Cheese !
NO PROBLEM!
:
ah, love you3
Made it to the mnstatefair for on my bike!
A little hairy on university ave but here!
Thanks
Walking by mountains, streams, forests, and lakes...
even better!
mastering takes 4 minutes
I've been spreading the word.
I'm there every Monday who is this?
RT Thanks for spreading the word!
cow milk is to sweet.
and fatty.
goat is leaner and more savory and full of flavor!!!!
oh I knew that.
Got ta love spongebob
Yelling at my tv, this game is fjdbfkxncjldns!
Bone Palace Ballet.
I think they do overseas, America sucks.
W/ at Miguel's celebrating 's birthday with crrazzyy mud pie.
My 2 favorite spencers!
Don't tell
My theme of the week is POW POW!
How about you?
If I were Dairy Queen's CEO, I'd create a confection with chocolate pieces, marshmallows, and cookies.
I'd call it a Pinwheel Blizzard.
just cried
agreed!
That first set looked awesome!
All we need now is a carini!
I believe so.
Same number that you've always had?
AH!!!
u tweeted!!!!
haha thats awesome i love ur live chats i cant wait already!
plz folloq im such a huge fan its scary 3
i shall kill you if you dont answer your phone
ha ha!
No, she was a sweetheart though.
Sorry I got waylaid.
Can you talk now?
Looks like I can't hang out with today :c
Phew.
He is a good man.
Im my own person.
I wish people would stop painting this perfect picture of me.
SHH, STOP CALLING ME THAT.
lolololol.
but seriously.
no Bre just on yours babe after the message comes up to retweet you could put a message or a letter or two understand
true true.
Smyzer what time do you usually leave on sun?
religiously.
Josh is my boy!!
Who you got?
True that.
The mystery kills me...
Have to say it again...
Lundquist played horrendous tonight, the night we needed him most.
If you aim for nothing, you will get it!
can u help me get 600 followers??
:D
Oh man just looked the book up and instantly regretted it!
Good thing it's an ebook, no need for me to blush at seeing the cover
Some of you have been going backwards instead of going forward.
Dont try to change the route God has set for you.
Is is time to introduce euthanasia for hospitals....
for the incompetent staff, not the patients.
mega multitasking today, but what else i new?
I'm a
also your diet
you have that dj contact my dude?
This track is sitting my dude
Most definitely just heard playing in the trailer for hope springs rock on!!!
Officially obsessed with
ThoughsDuringSchool I'm to high for this shit
Reno City Council taking up flood authority voting structure.
I'm so pleased 2 hear Life has taken a turn for the insanely busy!
Sad not 2 have attended/done more
That game is the best!
Try it with a haunted house soundtrack playing yet?
:O
Thanks for the follow!
Keep up the good work!
No regrets cause I've got nothin to lose
Someplace fun?
I was about to bench like 4 mofo's!
And eject Bart for his horrendous play!
Level I  II Help Desk, Team Leads, and Trainers needed for company in Madison!
We are looking for all shifts.
Ping me...
I'm just responding to your tweet.
does not aim to 'solve' these demographic problems per se  hierarchy is not encouraged in these camps
Murphy: Chapbook publishing is about stamina and how much money you're willing to spend.
that cam newton commercial was awesome
The secret of business is to know something that nobody else knows
tried sending you a msg, it won't go thru?
I'm waiting just for the right moment...
I posted on FB something about wanting to be a strong girl and fix the plumbing before got home.
First comment mad me mad...
I really can't stand condescending control freaks
not sure what made me think cleaning a 3000 sq foot house would be fun...at least the weather is fabulous!!!
thanks !
we love your places on urbantag!
how long you been down there
Thanks!
: just voted for you!
In the Northwood community you have alot of support out here!!!
We Love you Otis!!!
Don't forget to join us in celebrating WSUM's 10th Birthday at Union South's Varsity Hall TONIGHT at 7.
Hope to see you there!
Got it.
Thanks for the follow up.
Making Pie with mom today
no whenever YOU are
Are you kidding me?
Matt Kemp slugs homerun 12 in April  first ball swinging in Coors!
They won't let me say yet...
they will announce later this week :
Kobe flashing some defense.
better tell me what's happening???
Haha.
You're silly.
Wait, today is National super Hero day??
Looks like I'm going to have to bust out my tights and go fight some crime!
YYESSS.
sounds like a tea party
Four hours of sleep!
Honk!
Busy season has officially begun.
LilWayneWackestPunchlines should be changed to LilWaynesMostCleverPunchlines because yall just don't understand him lol
Happy friday !
Everyone be safe and try to stay cool, Man this week flew by!!!
my jaw hurts :
I have it on good authority, they are renaming the product Radian7, to stay one step ahead of the competition
Yad Lachim has been rescuing Jewish girls trapped in Arab majority towns in Israel, after getting involved with Arab men and moved away.
Lawd I can't stand when grown grown muthafuckas complain about they situation.
Wtf.
If u know better do better
I advocate pacing, in lieu of your evening walk in the rain, and swinging your arms violently.
That should do the trick, right?
Thanks for the follow!
We look forward to talking trees with you!
Ok what happens when a guy gets all arts degrees and then gets a job working in finance?
I really wish evernote, zotero, and remember the milk would talk to each other
I was feeling kinda down b/c I was low on funds but I prayed about it.
I turned around and got a 50 gift card in the mail.Thank you Jesus!
you rock girls !
Congratulations and !
You've won a copy of Matthew Morrison's debut album!
Watch your email for details soon.
I'm trying to put together a list of places I want to check out while in town and they've definitely made the cut
Oscar's nachos are in effect here at Lottie's Lounge tonight  they will make you weep w/ cheeseworshipping joy.
IN THE STUDIO AGAIN TOMORROW!!
THIS ALBUM IS REALLY STARTING TO COME TOGETHER!!
ANY SUGGESTIONS ON THE ALBUM TITLE!?!?
LOOOOL.
And we are playing with torches and all that crap.
haha.
And I will be, I will be your home when you're alone.
I'll be what you need, I'll be your home.
For the next 1 hour swing by Western Fantasy YP and get the deal shown here: Free Apps  doctornk Specials
Haha dang it!
He could wear rocawear  sketchers  I would still love him the same
i hope keeps doing skillshare classes so we can learn all his secrets:
Its happened to me as well.
Smh
You go!
Meanwhile, we'll have lunch at the Modern...
Thanks.
I will give it a try.
RT : sschat I think 21st cen skills mean being able to connect collaborate and connect using both tech and no tech  yes!
Oh....good..still pitching to pujols...dontPitchToPujols.
nobody on and two outs why wouldnt you?
Whoa!
Was that from trail running?
Congrats to my buddy Jose Melendez on his first amateur MMA win!!!
I'd be okay with dying right now
THE AVENGERS is going to make 1 billion by next week.
Wow.
All relationships go through shit.But REAL relationships get through shit....
No problem!
I hope one of them works for your needs!
I can't DO anything, but ..
my hands are out to you.
and my ears are here.
Be sure to keep me posted!
Please.
Thanks!!
I will miss Park Ave, but I'll still be close :
That's what they told me!
Thank you very much I appreciate it.
Hope to see you at a game so I could meet y'all!
At this place helping my mom get her doctorss fixed since it's too long.
Wow.
the calls are rolling in for the Fall Mall fair.
let me know if your interested.
Lots of space  people.
but thers no guarente I wrote mor lyrics to robs new shit it aint done but im workin
I love you momma!
Every man has a right to be conceited until he is successful.
Benjamin Disraeli
I need to see all of y'all soon!
Zero/Wesker/Dorm is my preferred order.
Zero/Wesker don't use much meter and can save it for Dorm xf3 comebacks
I seriously want to punch all the motorcyclist here.
Assholes.
Hey You guys rock here in Green Bay we still have a Horror movie host his name is Ned the Dead.
Thanks Jeff
Good sir, that was a tweet masterpiece.
You may have won the war, but I won at least, like, 3 battles.
I'm Japan!
About to be in dat starlight parade in june tho for the WIlson High School band thahaahahahahahahah in yo faces haterss
GoTribe 5 days till opening day, go tribe!
hanging with thecrew all day, just doing nothing is the best.
We taking ova!
The CLA's report reduced  of layoffs from 231 to 209.
15 M in addendum could mitigate layoffs.
Babysitter and Star Trek tonight.
How lovely!
Follow my Mommy Judith Harris, she's an INCREDIBLE artist 
this weather makes me lazy.
can't Waited to see it also :
i really wanna win these mgs...
but i never win anything :
UFC 133 Evans vs Ortiz plus spinning after the fights?!
There is no better place to be on a Saturday night!
Come party with us!
Will you be at Game 7 sat cheering on your Nuggets?
Is your coffee sustainable?
but what if the Facebook phone had deep Spotify integration too?
:
Money can't buy you love cause it's over priced
The question you ask is the same question I ask myself .
.
.
Miss you bro.
Hope everything is good with the huskies.
Planning a Lunch  Learn
i am the light of the world.
whoever follows me will not walk in darkness, but will have the light of life.
John 8:12 
I get to start classes again in like 2 Weeks...
RT for the chance to win a FREE Moirai Clothing shirt of your choice!
RT RT RT!
Beginning APRIL 1  No foolin'!
our north gate will remain open until 8 pm.
goo.gl/OzKe0
Uploaded to my iPhone.
Still a little unclear about whether this will cost money.
Need to work on abbreviations.
Nigga talkin bout i eat it n beat it up..
That dont even sound like you Fuck outta here lmaooo
Same guy I thought was so rude before just gave me my purse I left behind.
:
She's smart and fine
listening just before I go to bed in vancouver bc...
should be sleeping for school haha
Get ready to hear 1st place Brewers for a while!
Way 2 Go Team!
Sweep those Red birds outta here!
add the vodka taste much better.
Happy Easter
latinomoment Today at a mariscos resturant I asked for a fanta but they gave me a jarrito
oh it's 10:15....getting ready to close shop!
:
This beat go perfect with my belt.
he can't play anywhere.
Maybe the minor leagues.
If I work 14 hr days, 6 days a week can I doctornk a few dz.
Buds  not be ragged on?
Mothers Day?
What?
Shit, I earned my buzz, oh, oh.
Honey?
Wow, the Texans got together and decide to introduce their elementary school...
cute act for your first playoff game
oh man, finally goin to see the avengers
Do you ever get the urge to just stuff your face with fast food and cake?
Me either.
You fat fucking slobs.
Authorities identify 'person of interest' in park ranger's shooting  A massive manhunt is under way in Mount Rainier National Park
From Monday to Wednesday, TV really, really sucks.
No Idea is my favorite.::
I hope u got them twinkies I left for u in yo bed
Neon Trees song animal stuck in my head after watching them on Daryl's House last night.
Some words that come to mind: absurd, inexcusable, inexplicable, shameful.
I'll even throw in UNAMERICAN.
Wake up MLB!!
I LOVE it!
So true...captainres the experience perfectly!
Oh that guy was sweet
Will send you the wiki  session resources posted.
Lots of oppt in developing open source resources for ed.
I think I finally get Twitter...
Kinda
ModestepFeel Good
it's so good to be back in Romania again!
family time!
:
Nice to meet you today.
Hey, I just want to say I think you're really pretty, and you seem really funny from the Ustreams!
Okay, Bye :
What the actual fuck.
....work always knows how to put me in the BEST moods.
: Hey Hey what do you say let's have a National Fossil Day?
we are recording the National Fossil Day song today!
Yes!
Best process on the internet are behind the link on my professorle bamboo stick katana only 2 left look in the collectables then sword its sweet
24th?
Or 25th?
Are you two playing ball this summer?
RT if your still awake:
!
Looking for 13 volunteers to help create visual representation of our works on Pinterest.
Ping me for details, please RT.
If you can't eat pizza standing up, you're not hardcore enough to deserve it.
Can't win them all
Happy Birthday :
I had been using my own money, but you brought up a good point!
The arsenal I could build with BBG funds would be enormous :
it's a mess
Natan Sharansky no need to choose between Universalism and Nationalism we need both identities.
I'm so hungover, my everything hurts
thank you 
.
thank you for your challenging questions to my proposal to take up role as your spiritual leader.
Will reply in due course.
I gave the money to
Local elections: 39;They knock on the door and ask us to give them our ballot papers39;
you as well Chelsea!
;
So proud of Eddie for going to Dean School today to introduce dental health to our neighborhood younglings.
Way to go Eddie!!
My uncles about to retire with a half mill pention....
Who doesn't LOVE an allWisconsin craft beer festival in the summertime?!
Nab your set of tickets before it's too late!
Congrats on selling your scooter!
Anyone out there know who wore 11 for Creighton Men's Soccer back in 2005 season?
Prost!
Likely a Senior?
I can type on my ipod touch with my tongue but now I'm lightheaded from going crossed too long .
Finish two online classes as well today :
That's really funny Rick.
Is Carrie going to be at the idol finale?
yes you do, the most important person in ur life.
YOURSELF!!!!
I'm the only one like me on the planet.
It don't take rocket science to understand it.
Taylor Swift wins Entertainer iof hte Year....again
I have no feeling in my legs.
3 spin classes today and I am done
I'm quite alright with you being my moment of weakness.
Just promise me you'll love me at the end of it all.
Only a little over 3 months until Comic Con!
The volunteers are already coming forward.
So excited!!
Goodnight beautiful people!
Everyone sleep well!
: i thought we were friends
RT RT!!
If you are brave enough to fight the weather we are having a Rainy Day SALE!
Extra 10 OFF!!
Great session w
Having a disagreement about what it costs to get brakesrouters replaced.
Front 2 on an '03 Camister.
Your price?
Happy May Day everyone!
Supposedly we are to dance all day in order to awaken the sun and mark the coming of summer...
YES YES YES
My 2cents  there are very few Lescault compliments that could be over the top.
I once owned a pair of parachute pants.
They were alligator skin and cost more than the GDP of Liberia.
The 1920s were a strange time.
I wanna watch Peter Pan.
There's a great game I play when I'm out walking called Is That Human or Dog Pee
are you still at Brainwash?
I think I'm too nice to girls...
It never works that way
More like FUN alert.
Well, also choking alert.
It's a twofer.
Tied my map to a QR code.
Scanning it puts you in the floor plan.
1 code for each room.
Use PHP Get.
Love me some Kurt Elling on Such a great cover of Joe Jackson's Steppin' Out.
Congrats!
It sounds like a fascinating position.
Let us know in ODH how we can help.
Maybe a teleconference grants workshop?
Fuuuuu.
Im bored.
I want my car.
excited 2 be here at 119 Utah st.
One of the big event 4 startups in San Francisco.
Thanks Guys:
Oh, I didn't know he wrote that song!
I Talk About Money Alot And Make Some People Feel Uncomfortable But FUCK IT If U Dont Get  What U Gettin??
Long, long ago, in the Before Time......
You have to be present to win.
I can't wait to basket weave with you in 23 days you are going to LOVE CSA!
I can't wait to share it with you!!
Zac Rinaldo is one class act
I'm bout to pick my hair out and start rockin a fro since I can't find a good beautician
doctored old leaves
Y thanks you !!
So kind of you to say that, I loved this article myself, the Artisan Ireland column has been a real big success
So glad todays the last day.
Each week we'll be writing about postseason essentials including: your postseason meeting, weight/accel program, individual wkouts  more
they needed something with out giving anything up makes some sense with lopez out
hm lol I see.
Weird face
Our pleasure.
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
Ayn Rand
this'd hasn't made an all star team in yrs.
terry never.
Marc and zbo made one the last 2 yrs.
all of our guys
RT : Me and going to this Daddy Yankee show tonight bruh.
hahaa okay if thats what you say .

Lived in Swedesboro few years ago.
Moved to PA since then.
I want to do somethng but i dont knw what.
Im so bored.
smh.
It aint shit on tv.
i just ima just find something to do around the house.
ya what about u
Yeah it's trending
she just threw up all over the place 
It's 's big day!
Join us downtown at 2pm for Baton Rouge's first ever Halloween parade!
he laughs at my doctorams but i doctoram of his laughter.
PARTY ROCK, cookie time!
RT Love seeing all my bleacher girls tonight
man you are just brilliant.
Your performance on Conan was second to none.
Oh and that sweater...
on point.
On point.
politicalterrorism ?
Oh please.
9/11 is terrorism.
What black males go thru in America.
Vandersloot?
Get real.
Target on your back?
Come on
I'm faded, good night
i'm fine buddy :D and you?3
Thanks.
We will as we add more socent specific books.
What do you think most socent's need to know when getting started up?
Your marketing blog is seriously the best one I've ever found on the interweb
It's been a point of discussion going on 20 years now.
:  Is this related to that IBM CEO story?
Just learning about that...
why do i insist on going out!?!
i need sleep!
work is gonna suck today
I'm sure you're a tremendous slouch!
I kid.
I don't mind talking about things on here.
The actual comments is another story.
Road trip to Gas Gas city with
I would like to welcome Jen Henn to the team!
She is a misterketing guru who is going to bring alot to the table.
Iconic gesture production during the conceptualization and ...
Graves at Sea  Praise the Witch  Documents of Grief
Okay Browns fans, here's one for ya...
If Trent Richardson wants to wear the iconic 32, are you okay w/ that??
REACT TO ME!!!
Bradford pear trees!
LOL!!
What can I say?
Ada makes me lose control in many ways :P
Your making it easier..
i did not have a biyfriend my whole Junior  Senior year
Notice me someday..
I'll trade days with you.
I start prepping for my colonoscopy in a couple of hours...talk about crappy days..
No problem!:
Looks like someone forgot to bring the tap to the Petrino rally.
Its hard to admit you've done something wrong.
my young niggas wildin' ...
at least they money missions and not trigger happy ...
Video conferencing software is the hottest soft wares in market.
I don't think this is a good deal.
Your thoughts???
Americans on average eat 18 acres of pizza everyday
Our Magic8 Ball says Outlook is good...
;
Tight ass high school game here!
I would like to hear an ENTIRE song, does everyone in vegas have ADD?
In Orlando!

Per a request, we need to check out the new show Veep tonight in
Love her!!
Chili Con Carnage, Garbanzo Garbage, No Bueano...i'velostmytouch
Thunder storms and rain getting close
FakeLemond is a florist?
: or just go there n get already amazing price w/ mothers day delivery still avail.
safe travels!
I can sum up my job in one word!
Paperwork!
I think you should include me in your 1,000th tweet...so, answer found
yes, if i can get the hang of it....lol
haha hey now!
I think and I are twins and were separated at birth.
hehe.
this could get interesting.
Whew this will be remembered as the craziest summer ever!
Chicago tommisterow!
u r welcome honey
Today I killed a dozen zombies hanging out around sonic
LMAO GOOD DEAL MY DUDE
Thanks  definitely exciting times for us!
Follow back ?
Please  thank you :
Thank you guys, what you've done is seriously epic.
Stay sick!
hm alright.
I guess.
anyway, hi!
:
I love the Jonas Brothers3
thank you dahhhling
The Circle of Sorcerers is released.
Back to work on Consuls.
DIO?!
You just made my day!
arvo2010: Comparative Assessment of Murine Allergic Conjunctivitis Model Variations for Efficient...
Kathryn S Crawford , May 3, D864
My ms jones keep me busy
Sign up for fantasy bball bra
it would be great to have some comparison data for your industry within FB Insights like we have in Google Analytics
I'll be there bro for a little while
.
the executives' yachts are made in America and bought with Bush Tax Cut money I thought that counted
Mom leave the house so I can smoke omfg
Dierks bentley u are so damn sexy.
Brother will find a job when he is on the street lol
im defly in a taylor swift mood.
i feel heartbroken .
I want to secretly get Waldo tattooed somewhere on my body so when people find it they get stoked
There is no one that smart that can't learn and no one that stupid that can't teach.
HUGE shoutout to thanks for helping me!
every1 go follow if u want to meet a SUPER nice person!
What's the difference between a Creative DIrector and an Art Director ?
Just left the gym...
Feeling Big shi..
Lol!
Been a lot of fun watching films and baking chocolate cookies.
More snow tonight too.
What are you working on?
:D
dsum12 is all about leveraging personalization.
sounds fun!
141 emails.
I GIVE UP!
woodmans.
BO..
2 hours of NAPOLEON down.
3.5 hours and two intermissions left to go.
World not conquered yet
Congratulations to and for winning the amazing Headphones
Also, got a seat right next to charger so phone no long dead and can use 3g.
However plane's delayed 1hr so not really winning.
Lol, would you really get one?
:
Let the line dancing begin!
Im still happy for y'all tho.
It's like being in a car going through the car wash.
ha!
I have friends roadtripping from CA to Miami in June who want me to meet them.
Thinking northern Fl is a good choice :
Should your kids follow a lowcarb diet?
Instead: Teach healthy portionsizes:1 serving  1/2 cup or 1/2 grownup fist: Rice, pasta, potato
Went to put my shoes on and there was a thing of brand new mascara in it.
My mom is so cute.
So true, so very true...
Fuck you Zubat, I'm trying to be productive!
i know i say this every week...
but Vicki is losing her mind
RT : Terry Flannery presenting on brand strategy at casescmp.
4 aspects of strong brand: simple, authentic, relevant, distinctive
Turtle and Ari.
I have every season on dvd its my favorite show I love it.
Are you watching reruns on tv right now
looking for music writers!
if you know music AND music in San Diego, hit me up!
yeah.
She's one of my favorite.
It's a shame she's gone
I love Jerry springer
Really trying to hit up BWW this week tho'
Ouch.
RT : I don't believe a word a republican says lately.
They're totally full of Mitt.
Rock n Roll I adore you!
Well completely slayed it tonight here at Higher Ground.
Tough act to follow!
Hello to the future, because Im over the past.
Bradidtude takes on Lela Rose.
Love me some Rachel Zoe.
come sit on my Dick while I hold it all I could do was bust out laughing my ass off
As a city, Chicago needs to work on its timing.
Bears and Bulls bowed out too early.
And then there's Oprah and Richard Daley...
beautiful day in the
I'm too old for this shit.
Staying home to take advantage of some quiet writing time.
Acquaintance asking me to meet her about a business opportunity that wouldn't change my current lifestyle.
wouldn't elaborate.
Grrrr...
Haha oh no!
It sounds like a breakfast crisis.
Rehearsals went really well tonight.
Director got most of the major blocking locked down.
More updates soon The Pickle crew
where's that?!
We are doing quite well, thanks: expanding and getting a bunch of new exciting gear over the summer.
You?
Some me love!!!!
Yum!
And for nonvegetarians, the green beans stirfried with chicken is quite delish too!
Your brain shall be your servant instead of your master  rule it instead of allowing it to rule you.
Charles E.
Popplestone
MY ONLY ADVICE IS LIVE LIFE NIGGA AND DIE OLD WITH A PRETTY YOUNG WIFE WIT YA.
girls are retarded write a song about that
Did Charles Virtue and Tina Daly's Angel Practitioner weekend last weekend!
Wow, they do Doreen proud!
Amazing time in Sherman Oaks.
Back at the exhibit hall
also I think it would make a good anthro tshirt :
If you wear an oversized sweater and your boobs still look huge...
You got something Nice one
geez I know.
No offense but that whole rant was bs.
What a waste of my timeline.
packerreporter?
for the follow!
oh did u guys have to take it today?!
I'm not usually one of those tweet about lunch kinda guys, but today I was introduced to the Bacon Bacon food truck!
M..
I jus sent u a twit message check it
Sleepy can't wait to go to West Virginia : 3
The curse came through the act of eating.
Jesus redeemed us by offering His body  blood.
Take  eat!
Hehe idk  whenever you want to :  xo
what?:D
Lime/cilantro chicken...roasted cauliflower w/green olvies....Au gratin potatoes.....yummy
Is going to make a surprise showing in God's Country this weekend?
BLEACH, woman, BLEACH!
never stop bleaching.
Thx for the follow!
Some things are better unsaid .

If you love somebody, tell them.
Rod McKuen
I think it is safe to say we did pretty well as media directors on our campaigns.
Can't decide if I would rather be watching Dancing with the Stars or Glam Fairy......
Internet Marketing Pro's come join us at: www.ebookviralincome.com
Sometimes god doesnt want to give you something you want, not because you dont deserve it, but because you deserve better .
and CD too, so you can fully immerse yourself in Rich Shapero's unintentional interpretation of life as a Guantanamo Bay prisoner
Interrogating that assumption.
What's up my bitches!!!
We pretty much think about pancakes all the time!
: 
Can't wait to see Fringe tonight...
goodthingsintheworld team beloved!!
Hip hop is like a store pickle..or a pack of sunflower seeds shared among friends..flavorful conversations over tribal beats.
yes ma'am it'll be on our shelves tomorrow.
GoPackGo counting down till game time
Hello Denver!!!!
Hope your enjoyin this nice cool weather tonight is ladies night on dealshow check out for deals and lots of
We're providing stationery, unique postcards, and craft supplies.
Join us today from 123pm for a letter writing social!
FREE for all ages.
I know!
Right now relying on my 90 pound dog
Lots of delicious seafood restaurants to try at night...
plus amazing Belgian beer, of course!
Enjoy!
if you're still bored my chess w friends username is emohaiku
Its a nice cool night think i might go for a ride past Rockefeller Center to see the tree.
Can I borrow money from myself and avoid taxes too?
Shame
There is no quid pro quo in effective relationships.
Do for others without being asked or waiting for them to do for you.
The Caps are back at second in the Eastern Conference because the Flyers have gotten a point out of their game today
Clippers blew it...
No way they win Game 7 in Memphis.
maybenextyear
Got a new phone text me so I have your numbers!
:
Who even knows how these computer things work?
I just click the buttons.
Also, because I mess you!
Why would you do both?
I think Sherlock is more emotional though.
The beginning  ending kill me every time!
Always love ncmewebinar, especially this one on diversity with of !
, we have new ways to use LinkedIn!!
IPhone users sure are trying to get Andoctorid followers on
Mike Miller 3's be coming right on time
aww, i'm eating pizza too, enjoy meal austyyy :D
Woah The dance crew just followed me o: this is cray 3333
Proud owner of Mayu alpaca accessory?
Or, maybe, have chosen our products for your friends and family?
Share your impressions using ou...
idk guys, i still want a Penguiber...
chilling and supporting the supporters.
if i ever need to commission a US photographer i'm totally looking here for inspiration Julia,
When I see your name i see hoe.
Haha
RT : Im working on trading in my inner critic for an inner coach :
I agree!!
: I just love the American PickersI think it's just fantastic to see them encourage young people two learnPICK ..
We always love having you at ClosetSundays!
It's Teacher Appreciation Week.
Thank a teacher who's making a difference.
weaving mobile into classroom learning
Making me wish we could've found a dog sitter 4 dear, spoiled Elvis so we could have gone to Hawaii next week for 15th anniversary.
Wish twitter had a like button for such tweets.
doctorving around with the windows down and music all the way up:
Sunroof  stereo up  1/2 price  Perfect SpringAfternoon doctorve!
Hahahaha yeah its been fun but i miss home !
LOL
Time to get that work out on!
HappyBirthdayMadison I love you so much
An early look at the Week 1 lines National Football Post ...
Mario Williams suffered an injury last season that could end career.His REP say it wont but you never know.
Praying for world peace.
Is Crupi moved in?
KickRocks Ice Cream Cone....
Put on some Barry White  make long lastin love to that secail person CALL ME SAN YUMMY!
I get cold way too easily, its freezing in my house .
I have on pants, 2 pairs of sweats, leggings, 2 shirts and a hoodie.....
Great SOURCE today!
Big Welcome to all our new SOURCE members!
It's gonna be an amazing series!

so Ben has a new pet?
Cool.
Cut the shit be real with me Ur the only1 I ever fucking judge The one who came to school evry day Woke up 4 the world, practiced honesty 
So true.
Experimental music usually demands close listening.
I like that.
Ok, we get it.
We are more excited about Friday than everyone else.
So sue me...
Hey everyone hope you had a great weekend
I may be weak but your spirits strong in me, my flesh may fail but my God you never will!
Thanks for sharing.
I'm leaning towards Kindle.
I am...
and I've never felt better!
Haha
3WordsOfAdvice Shave Your Junk
10 says jobs
That's like, your opinion dude.
Str8LykeDes...
Watching anacondas nd chilling until later...
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Sleep!
Goodnight!
:
not much, went ham w/
Say hello to Lassie for me!
65: I can sleep happy and well with the winning the series:
I've looked at every single thing my DVR records.
None of them are at that time, and certainly none are every single day.
yes.
Yes it is.
Dec 20, 2011 this day God showed me that this pain you experience in life can either make you or it can break you, but the choice is yours..
haha yes you are trey!
You better be at the gym tomorrow night!
A new and glorious dawn awaits indeed ...
Thx!RT : thanks for stopping by with some spirits for us to taste.
getting excited to bring in some new stuff!
Youre never a loser til you quit trying
LAYLA!
Thanks love.
Peace  a hug to you :
benches clearing was lame and uneventful.
Fight miss much.
don't you think sports itself is a small view of the world?
Another week of oncall PIO duty completed for with no major incidents to report.
Stay safe San Diego!
Lol.
I already know imma be one of those people who update their twitter every two minutes, like people really care what i'm doing.
Hah ...
Looking forward to a little retro mixed in with the here and now.
Don't miss the 80's fashion trends though.
doctorving around early morning listening to King of Limbs is so refreshing
Pcola/Gville/Daytona and Miami.How far off am I?
RT OK, my longest blog item yet: Strippers, bikers, serial killer,Florida beer...
ha, ha!
Bastards!
Day 2 of nonstop Beasties at my house.
Paul's Boutique is playing now.
agreed!
That actually sounds like a ridiculous amount of fun.
Which makes me realize I'm a lil bit obsessed :
very rare that White  cases remaining are in the single digits.
Enjoy!
miss you bo!!!
So proud of my man getting an award from vbush.
, I love you :
Britton Family Baseball 3
Have you guys heard of peacocking, ie guys doctorss for attn.
How can you tell if a guy is doing it for style or for attn?
Hi Clara!
Julia here from Arena Stage.
Have a question for you: email when you get a chance?
.
Thx!
todd!
Love seeing this man.
You're so kind.
thats what i thought baby 
can't believe I'm missing it for work.
My home is like a little urban sahara with these two cats hanging around.
I'm excited.
I've taught people to knit socks oneonone for friendship, but not professorssionally to multiple people.
Going to try and do something productive today.
TONIGHT  DJ's AI  JRoc Play the Hottest Hip Hop  Dance Music at Albuquerque's Best Danceclub  Lotus Nightclub!!!
Oh yeah, I met your parents several years ago at my aunt's church in Colorado.
You look just like your Dad.
I just need somebody to love,i dont need too much just somebody to love33
UA is soo close!!
Its mind boggling that its only a couple of HOURS away!!!
33 Hope its everything you want it to be 3333
You're right!
I also do 2 spaces after periods.
Not sure when I started doing same w/ commas.
I just need to stop for both.
:
I can't afford Botox so I'm rubbing contaminated corn on my face in hopes that it contains enough Botulism to get rid of my laugh lines.
The best way out is always through.Robert Frost
: I accidently clicked on Internet Explorer Now I have to wait an hour for it to open so I can close it
It's for your own good.
RT : Watching Chopped...I don't think I want to eat anything by the chef whose last name is Kevorkian.
been very busy today.i need a break for everything.
BecauseofObama I have a JOB!!!
that's the only way it would be acceptable for this OFS.
AUSTIN IT WAS BEAUTIFUL.
I THINK I DIED
So happy you are following.
thank you:
maybe not a lot but a few
i get my cast off the 31st
lol lol...
so God is running the game now?
lol
Could use your votes in the Best of the Inlander Contest....
WHISKEY!
The airport is the worst!
:
i wish you would follow me!:
That means a lot ...
trust me ...
it does.
Hopefully I'll have a lot more in the future, too :
What's the deal with Fig Newton's?
As in, what's the deal with how awesome they are
Final testing on sign up site today!
Should be live soon.
Get safe transportation for your next wine tour in our 44 Magnum Party Bus!
Call today for details 619.225.8466
Today's APC Theme is: Punk Rock.
Yay.
Anyone can add some trailers, movie clips, songs, etc.
Series preview: Braves at Cubs  Chicago Tribune
's Let the Rain is the perfect song for this morning's
Tuesday night CV council mtg: a report from Port District on progress on tearing down power plant on the Bayfront.
not sure where you live  but the weather right here is amazing.
aaahhh
it will make u mad i promise.
Changing my icon finally :c
I DON'T LIKE THE BOYS/GMEN OVER 44 PTS...TWO TEAMS W/STRONGER D THAN O...LOTS OF JACOBS  BARBER GRINDING IT OUT IN THIS 1
Duct Tape....
Turning No!
No!
No!
into M M M since 1942.
Can't wait for june, london, France, Thailand, Australia!
so excited!
This girl is talking to herself
RT :Enjoying book: Exile in Guyville by Dave White.
You should, too.
Also, I'm legally changing name to Dionne Warlock.
thanks for keeping in mind for your follows.
We appreciate the hat tip!
I hope you get some sleep, and love your new job!
You know what they say, don't fuck a wounded bear.
If you don't know where you're going, any road will take you there.
Lewis Carroll
Don't like the Millerlite commercial showing 3 guys bitching out when a dude is pissed about someone hitting on his bitch.
It's 2k12 time!
Who's next?!
That is freakin cute!
oh sweet!
Thanks for following me!
Ok.
Clock just stopped.
But it's about to start again.
take the gift back
What's tastier than a dozen roses?
Brunch at Le Peep for Mother's Day.
Make it a greatday!
text me back, stoopid.
Right?!!
RT : Ha ha!
How did we live before Twitter?
SHOUTOUT TO !
Thanks for following guys.
I got ass cheeks on my white tee all these hoes keep grinding on me ...
I mean we always called it DelMarVa ...DMV was Department of Motor Vehicles....LOL!!
We delight in the beauty of the butterfly, but rarely admit the changes it has gone through to achieve that beauty.
Maya Angelou
Billion is the new Million!
Greetings.
I've asked within our group, and I was told that your email was received.
Expect a response soon!
YES!
sogood RT : Wowzers ,just saw the funniest tow truck company name ever, camel towing lol
I need me one of them hats!
Enjoyed Redneck Meskin Boy by Little Joe  La Familia on Pandora
My doctorwings are generally terrible as well, but so far everyone's been able to guess them!
what was that saying, 'the only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once', well it is not working...
Gaze upon the only Rembrandt painting on public display in SDSt.Bartholomew FREE ADMSSN
Barbarism begins at 's home
I was in heaven because our sound engineer had me perfectly triangulated, calibrated and combobulated between my monitors.
: great tipp, didn't know them at all!!
Thanks!
Ridiculous.
But that's him.
Speed is fine, but accuracy is key for a successful health care system.
Via Susan Moats
WI Supreme Court will not take up either Voter ID case.
This comes on day 1 of the NAACP trial.
I'll have details at noon.
Girls fall in love by what they hear...
Guys fall in love by what they see Thats why most girls wear makeup and most guys lie.
Our server failure appears to be major.
It's going to be a long night.
Thanks for your patience.
The team
Power yoga in the morning with animal walking is so intense
louis ck is too damn funny
that was fun last night.
See you and thanks great space  tasty!
RT Never apologize for telling the truth.
so hows it been?
For a minute there stuff got tooreal!
how on Earth do you remember what they're all called?
Whts up with the Commissioners awkwardly long hugs?
Im wearing the wrong shirt today.
It's a little small....
is it raining today?
thank you sir.
We love you congrats on the awards
I think I'd like the new Fun.
album more if it relied on autotune much less.
Catchy tunes, though.
Talking about songs you 'overhead clap' to in office.
Do you have a fave?
Mine is mister Big's To Be With You.
They didn't want you to get too famous.
They still don't know you are the real Slim Shady
Unlike Doug LaFollette, Barrett's not wearing a vest that says Hi, I'm Tom Barrett!
What?
No way.
Eat some chocolate, or wear a big hat, and you'll feel better
the world could be fixed of its problems if every child understood the necessity of their existence
I love the video with Nate  Cam at the.....restaurant place or whatever where they're dancing  doing the funny faces into the camera...3
Blessings and wishes for healing for all touched by this tragedy.
Love to all beings.
It's all about weights, and it's gotta hurt.
Aerobic and anaerobic.
I bet your mom doesn't do MMA like you do :
we did crazy stuff in all of them i love remembering them all nolie.
Stop inviting me to shit; your music sucks and so do your parties.
Except Burke's screening, he rules.
GOP cant figure out environmental sustainability and sure as hell dont get the idea of economic sustainability.
THEY WILL TAKE EVERYTHING
Solidarity to SF, but go gmen!
BJ Roche: I know we're not supposed to say you can't make money on AdSense.
I'll say it.
You can't make  on AdSense
My favorite horse name so far...Mildly Offensive LOL
Our initial DJ no called NO Showed..So DJ Tanner will cover us from 8pm till 10!!
This is his first public appearance be loving if u can
EXPERIENCED Retail professorssional seeking District Manager or higher position....www.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com
fall in love only when youre ready, not when youre lonely
When A Bitch Say  Let Me Put My Clothes On First  , That's Fighting Words
I couldn't respond to your message because you are not following me but thank you for your encouragement, prayers and fellowship
1 thing I don't miss about teens!
RT Today's homework in my class...take a shower...with soap
Way to go, Sandoctor!
my brat stop.
what....on...earth??!
scrunched up cheetos bag in my coat pocket!
what time did we go home?
Good luck to at the ante only wsopc ring event final table today!
ALKN on watch here....
RT : Stay tuned, we will be launching a monthly health/wealth/lifestyle seminar series this Spring in partnership w/
Well, that pretty much gives it away right there.
Retweet if you know what time Austin was born :
Ay mane, how I don't know you connected?
Here's a lil morphine, let me see you inject it
Y'all played like a playoff game, too!
That first quarter was the best I've ever seen!!!
Well...
Didn't do any homework that needed done
Those girls are walking as if they just took one in the butt  my boss lmfao
Other than Twitter...
How else are you guys marketing your business online?
We're a nonprofessorwhich teaches underrepresented youth to code.
Would like to chat w/ you about Thx!
VIDEO Learn licensing for income from a true expert Rand Brenner who licensed Batman, Power Rangers Webinar Thursday 2/9...
Rubber bands last longer when refrigerated.
Attn Clients/Casting professorssionals: my blackberry charger is not working  my phone has been dead since yesterday evening.
If you've called
my first action as an official new yorker will be to get a Yankees jersey with TEBOW on the back
thanks old pal!!
Lol
Forewarning: Next project coming this winter.
Check out the new song posted on reverb..
mind if I use group pic for blog post?
I hate it when I'm almost done packing  I start to think of the what if's so I scurry around packing tons more.
That's so sweet!
Petting the cat, roasting garlic for dinner, and sewing hems.
I love it when I have time to be domestic.
Diggin' the doctorve movie soundtrack
Congrats Craig, your vision and your ability to execute are an example for all CEOs!
my brother just walked into my room and took my brush...okay
Nice!
What kind of shoes?
:
It's MondayBack to School.
It will be a good day.
Lol all year everyone thought I had Lirakis.
its not hard work!
lol you just have to bake a whole lot!
I'd gladly purchase your baked goods to help your business :D
Anyone want the to come pick up the ofc crew for lunch Thurs in Circle?
Get loud Buckeye fans in NOLA!
is this sidney?
333
I'm gonna use that too!
thx!
Glad you liked it.:
You've solved it!
I hope it doesn't decide to just go down the street and live in Golden Gate Park.
Can't help but hang my head in shame for the one guy who thinks HTML5 is just 'new markup'.
Really?
Do some research, friend.
Happy Opening Day Everyone!
Go Milwaukee!
RT or Like if you are going to the game!
roger that firmy squishy firm!
:
Great quote!
RT :The people who are crazy enough to change the world are the ones who do Think Different Commerical, Apple '97
I swear I hate niggas I should be a fuckin Nazi
I think you mean all your fans are victims :
will you also never run around and desert me?
: hey boo wyd!
im on my way 2 DC!
I feel like everything is going to work out..
watching Good Luck Charlie :D
yo follow me back plz, would like to message you.
plz check your email :
Never think I'll say this but Mike Richards Is so clutch for the LA Kings
I Get Jealous , I Get Mad, I Get Worried, I Get Curious.
That's Only Because I Care...
RT : RT : we want for the beat bash 5
What does it mean to be a manicdepressive child?
The top four ports in the U.S.
1 Los Angeles, CA 2 New York, NY 3 Long Beach, CA 4 Savannah, GA
Checkin / registration for GradSTEP opens in half an hour.
If you're a Vandy grad students or postdoc, hope to see you there!
THANK YOU San Francisco, Berkeley and Washington D.C.
Good morning friends!
It's gonna be such a gorgeous morning at the market 302 S Rampart come get your weekly groceries
Fresh batch of March Happenings magazines now available here at your library!
thanks again for helping me out with my bill!
I really appreciate it :
All I want to know is: has the FOREIGN PAINTER returned?
He was the missing piece lol
..as in, you're a heartbreaker lovetaker etc...do you listen to gossip?
their newest, music 4 men, is my album of new decade.
LETS GO BRUINS :
hes cute!: where's Mario sorry I had to.
we'd love to play!
Hopefully we can set up an east coast tour sometime soon!
I haven't heard anything yet.
Hey, NBC, we'll trade you The Office for Parks  Rec!
It must be the Lenten season.
Does religion unite or divide us  or bother.
1st to email gets American Grace
Thanks for the love!
RT : Miami, I love your design district!
How do you keep your childoctorn active during the summer?
yes, because the phantom menace in 3d will be better than regular phantom menace?
don't be sorry.
: and just remember your life is importantif you ever need someone to talk to, send me a mention or DM!:
have fun fucker
Good luck on course!!
iPhone 4; sweet!
it is nice!
Sitting in the sun now and not even hot.
This tx girl might need a sweater tonight!
lol it's doctored salvadorian fish..
M I don't know how to describe it in english lol but it's delish!!
Vry cool!
I love these daybyday threads.
Optimistic?
Yes, we can always hope for a WC2010 like performance from them though.
HI EVERYONE HAVE A GREAT EVENING ALL THE BEST HUGS TO U
registering for the international conference!
lunch time YEAH FINNALY i was starving
Nothing, still.
One of pawns tried to give me a snake pitt pass...
I should be doing her job 
working  chillin.
you know me :
ASDFGHJKL colton don't leave : I wish he had a twitter.
He better come back next year
Oh DWTS super disappointing tonight keep dancing.
you are fantastic.
keep the world posted on what's next for you.
w.r thomas brb
Hopefully rain on a big audition day is as lucky as rain on your wedding day
cusses?!
WHAT THE FUCK?!
I feel like I'm gonna puke.
:
Fair enough...
should be interesting tonight.
The best way for the Supreme Court to get very favorable ratings would be to make the Court filings Autism Spectrum accessible
if we skate itll be a bomb sesh : but i haven't skated in a while and I'll suck x but itl be a chill ass day  ill c u :3
I bought 17 pirated DVDs for 17 in Ecuador.
This is why Best Buy also is dying.
Think its CEO just quit too
Perfect now you two, Matt Vadala and I and Elizabeth and Andoctorw can all go on a triple date!
Time to give the cat her Carafate tablet, in slurry form.
Jen suggests embellishing it with a fringe on top.
How many pieces of fish is too many?
We've got the story of the Mequon man protesting an all you can eat fish fry next.
Great thing about this branch of the public library is you get to test your immune system against bubonic plague.
shoe shoppin: Chorus concerts give me a reason to make my mom take me shoppin lol
RT Saved by the Bell marathon.
So glad guys don't doctorss like this anymore vom 90sgirlproblems Come on Slater looks fine
Need Valentine doctorvers now to all NW towns.
Come to dispatch: 96 Front St N Issaquah 98027 Cascade 24 Hour Florists
Blackparentsquotes If I have2 leave my job to come to that school....
RT : Kudos to  all the other incredible orgs that also got a Let's change the world!
// YAY!
Ack!
I just wanna eat lunch...why does everyone have bidness to attend to NOW?!
see you in a few hours :
AllIdiot team  Metta, Bynum, Kendoctorck Perkins, Tony Allen, Reggie Evans.
Need help with the bench?
awww praying that she gets better :!
Love you AlanThank you for being there for me while my mom was sick.
Love you Alan :
J Medicine Hat tonight, to go or not to go is the question???
I love your new single Strangely Beautiful 3 it's absolutely amazing!
Please follow me : x
we're in total agreement.
Major props !
6 Reason for Nissan to end operations in Iran: 6 degrees from Kevin Bacon is great, 3 degrees from Revolutionary Guard is not
Thanks Michal!
Excited to share my journey through the Intsitute of Integrative Nutrition and the development of my products!
Humor is a big deal.
Fun pictures.
Ties into other news stories
Margaret Cashill from the Tampa Bay Business Journal thought I was 10 years younger than I am.
Love Her!!!!
At the post office shipping a batch of shirts!
Keep those orders comin guys!
At Capricon running demos of SPECIMEN
3M Visual Attention Service.
What do people look at?
Insights derived from areas such as the design if road signs

You know that nigga rich?
Girl his name: Chris Brown 
yes sir!
call you later tonight bro.
you're an example for us all.
What's hot now?
as a wine lover from potomac hope that corkage fee dissapears MD is losing business as it is.
Lets change shipping laws too!
Thank YOU for being a mutual follower!
Thanks, it was quite the adventure!
:
Demand chains amd anthropologists all the rage at
Subs n Suds carries two of my new favorites: Rogue Dead Guy  Leinenkugel's Summer Shandy.
Word is they'll be getting in more craft beers.
We have vegan chicken!!!
works for me!
lol
Thanks Jessica!!
Blessings!!
miss u!
And text time I better be in fl with u!!
Just finished getting the last thing on my list at
ILL WILL!
: vsa2011 if a hotel has awful 3G signal, does charging for wifi result in more a revenue or b irritation/ill will?
So proud of my ability to send our press releases out just once.
Getting multiple copies of the same email minutes apart makes me judge you.
My Fav Best Craft Beer NewsZine is out; hard copy at your favorite craft beer place or go online for June issue www.westcoastersd.com
Um...so does that mean you won't be taking pictures with my shirt?
Today's BTU inspiration: True happiness...
arises, in the first place, from the enjoyment of one's self.
Joseph Addison
Dodgers game is headed into extra innings 22
Number 12 makes it look so easy.
On the bus omw to the history Museum.
.
.
Enjoy the little things because they might actually be the bigger things in disguise.
Sander Kleinenberg at UMFBA seriously TESTING the bass in my speakers on UMFTV!
Sailor Moon!!
I just bought another game on sale from It's now a problem...I'm taking a 2 Month game buying moratorium.
Please help me...
I would be Mad  the World Too If I was Broke Wit A Way To Fix AND WONT
oh Sigurd Ros?
I saw them live years ago in Boston.
I have all their albums.
I love 'em!
is she dieing
info snacking  when you'd otherwise be idling away moments of time, you can check in and plug in to your digital environment.
Only bright side is that they could really use her at
Imagine if they gave you more than like 6 pieces in a ScoobyDoo fruit snack package.
We'd have nothin to complain about in life
waits for american tour dates.....
happy bday boo!!!!
Listening to Blues and the Abstract Truth and doctornking coffee.
Solid start to a Thursday.
The wind almost knocked me and jessica down while we were walkin homeO.O
Young Love album  ALWAYS makes my day :D
problem is orton wasn't the ONLY problem
You inspire me because you work to make the world better  every single day.
And you rock.
what a great choice 
Seriously.
Rory's lost her fool mind.
Any Musicians?
Taylor for sale....
DFW Auto Club Forums
lol word up
I highly recommend installing TwitterBar on your system You can tweet from the addoctorss bar in your browser.
Very cool!
thanks for invite assswipe
almost done with season 2
It was a long day today:
People who fill up other's twitter feeds with useless bullshit
Bestfriend loves me though 
I admit.
I like Nicki Minaj ...
If all of the students have similar responses, this is going to be a very sobering look at the services we provide.
Your eavesdoctorplets are cracking us up :
Why is this computer lab 20 degrees warmer than the rest of the building?
Frankly, hadn't thought of it since it went nowhere with prospective backers.
But glad u got a chuckle.
:
is a problem sponge?
Integer Vitae Scelerisque Purus  Blameless of life and free from crime
It's great to connect with you again!
Hope all is well.
:
THIS IS JK MICHAEL REMEMBER THE NAME THIS IS ME THE TWO ARE THE SAME
Pauly D's smile;
At this morning, a great discussion on summer slide, readiness gap,  chronic absence.
Onward!
childoctornsliteracycoalition 
Nice start for the Lake show.
Sure!
But I am invited to a dinner tomorrow evening.
Let's meetup next week!
Sure, if you also send over an iOS device :
Just realized I am going to miss Junior Seau's memorial service.
Definitely bummed about that..
Im kidding.
Madonnas new music video is the best Target commercial I've ever seen.
Thank you, sir!
Do The Producers matter?
:
sliced hand  ruined saturday night...blurgh
If you haven't had our Signature Dessert Fried Banana Creme your missing out
A group of Bloomington students discover a dead body during a field trip in Eden Prairie.
More coming up at 2:00 PM on WCCO RADIO.
ThoughtsWhileRunning Rocky made It look like it was a breeze
I go to sleep super late and wake up at 6am this is crazy
If you just learned about Kony today you really need to be more involved in world events.
Also, kony is a fuckinf psycho.
Confession  I let clean clothes PILE up in the laundoctor room.
RT I put up laundoctor.
Yes, I'm amazing.
Lol.
come to Las Vegas please?!?
I would love to see you live!!!
They're
hahaha good one chelle funny.
Thanx.
such a tease though being mister Pumpkin lumpin isn't here lmbo!
sweet jaden smith is following me:
NBC reporting 7 arrested outside White House protesting the Defense Appropriations bill.
Extraordinarily well informed protesters.
If we were to conduct a virtual meeting on cannabis, intent on education and cannabis teamwork  would you log on?
A successful diet is the triumph of mind over platter.
We got the Angus if you want beef.
Director CKB says to read 'not clowny.' Hard for us.
: But it makes the play more funny; ppl take selves so serious/earnest.
Can't Wait Till School Ends On Thrusday.: But I Don't Wanna Say GoodBye To ALL My Friends And That One Special Guy!.
:.
Text Me!.
You are so sweet Vic, u are the perfect role model a girl could ask for.
: hope we can meet someday!
i LOVE you.
You love the way I linger, you keep me wrapped right around your finger.
3
why do I need to see it
Eating bagels gives your jaws a workout ...
What you doing over there, sugar?
Did you move?
Something tells me you moved.
Hrm.
I said please.
Words cant describe how excited I am to see my girls.
I told you that we shouldn't talk or see each other for awhile.
Maybe this will make you think twice before treating me like crap again.
I have more tweets than followers.
Is this baseball?
Stats tell the story?
Happy birthday :
Its pretty freaking cold!
Town Meeting tonight...discussing moving the town well.
I guess it has to be done but 
trust me...
houston rockets are playing overseas lolol
chanced to meet your Yikes!
if the two of you represent the avg.
brains on your team you all must be a force!
We have THE WORST technology ever at work.
could we do friday instead?
there's a sample sale i must attend thursday :
I have a lifetime of awkwardblackgirl moments.
y'all nervous?
Just heard that miranda Lambert's show had a bad scare tonight, geez first Sugarland now them.
Scary BE SAFE
Vamos a la playa!
Vamos a la kick your ass, go do the dishes.
My dad makes me giggle.
At the Mayor Institute on City Design, it's great to see an objective view of our city and how we can make it a better place!
Yes, that's correct.
My phrasing was confusing.
Trust no words, believe all actions
Thanks for the good article  relating a highly discussed acquisition to intangible ad metrics, you are brilliant
Interesting.
Do you know the Londonbased PrincipiaDialectica?
They're anarchoPostonists, also into Kurz
Today is one of those days where you keep doctorpping your phone 
Wasn't on this morning.
Did I miss anything?!?!
that's fine but be prepared to just sit around watching us play cod
Amen God is so awesome Pam!
// RT : Father YOU are the reason why I breathe!
Awesome CD!
that is my fear
not bricolage?
Which my phone wants to correct to bit collage...
Trio plays the music of Wes Montgomery tomorrow at Kuumbwa Jazz Center, S Cruz, 7p!
Great venue/food..
Justin Bieber Shows Off Basketball Skills in NBA doctormmer Boy  Promo Basketball season is back with a bang with a little hel
Dear Frank McCourt: REPENT, FOR THE END IS NEAR!
MUHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!
hey buddy
Fruit salad , yummy yummy
yay for all the pancakes in the world.
Ya.
We good
we can't help but feel his description would have worked for us porcupines, too.
Good Review
I'm sure he can doctor his tears with his Scrooge MacDuck sized vault full of money.
Once again, a full body slam to concrete is a good thing.
Of all the slams destined in your future it's just one less you gotta deal with.
Going to state fair with
Remember that time you put the dust jacket from my book on your book, then spent days searching for your own book?
Awesome.
It's New Years Eve will 2012 be 12 year!!
Only 85 knows!
welcome to my hood : : What up Seattle?!
o/
thank for the retweet!
Have you bought 's new song yet?
whatd u think
Fact: Food trucks and cupcakes will outnumber the people in DC by 2014.
Sorry for all that .
Everything is all good now
but so addicitve
Now I'm really excited about marching season :
Damn you are leaving early!
TheSexWasGreatWhen you have a double orgasm :
Watching the ThePottersHouse LIVE  shared program 4 women of faith to thrive in the marketplace!
He took IT out  Lmao!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Dave Burns and Chris Dahl!
We hope you have an AWESOME day
Greetings from DC and good luck with your project.
Check out to promote your work
A little Robert miles for the rush hour commute...
I need a glow stick
Just did a spring storm update for the weather channel with our LiveU unit in Castle Rock hello and love ya !
Who says the screenwriter is never allowed on set?
Watching my writing be shot right now.
Speed training warm ups on my acoustic.
Ugh my forearms are going to burn.
Thank You Joan 
O music can really lift my spirits!
It moves my heart!
If sciencefiction is the mythology of modern technology, then its myth is tragic.
Dogs are great.
Piss me off, can put 'em in crate, and I won't get arrested.
EO Wilson: We need an enormous diversity of plants and animals around us in order to survive.
: Jus spiked my kool aid wit liquor ::sneeky face:: hope I don't get in trouble lol really but okay.
yes teh TDP and D's in general, the only progressive voice that most know in the state, and then did it with bad facts
was ready to beat up Detroit and take its lunch money ...
and dinner, breakfast, pension, money for medicine ....
Please check out www.scottbutleractor.com for my reel, film stills, resume and more!
:
Christina Aguilera is two margaritas away from being Snooki.
Nice to meet you!
I hate gay people
TSOILA: Octant at tonight.
Have only been waiting nearly 15 years to see him/them!
Happy Mother's day to my amazing mom!!!
I love you and appreciate everything you do for me3
Now up!
Most of everything we THINK we know about people is wrong.
Magical porkchops and warm chocolatecake with marscapone and braised cherries.
AND a beautiful man sitting across from me...bday heaven
Let's Go Racing Boys...
Bud Shootout time!
:
Apple to use Bloom fuel cells powered by landfill biomass for North
Daddy is Mommy today!
3x It's Showtime!
I thought that Bowie TT had something to do with all of Portland's good players retiring/getting cut due to injurie.
Running in heels is not my thing.
Wonder if I disappointed Oomf .
:/
Apr 28,1952: Churchill expressed concern about Britain's ability to carry the burden of security of the Suez Canal.
Needed US support.
I think they get better when you are over 80 and still have it...then go crazy!
i would always get introuble when i went.
lol, i got my braces off a while ago so i don't have to deal with that as much.
why follow when u can lead wat my og told me...
Such a pretty pretty pretty face but you turned into pretty big waste of my time
Just got out of the studio!; Me and Abbi sang with Ronnie McDowell on his new album!!
Looks like someone went shopping and picked up some sassy ass tonight.
Also, I'd love to interview you for the paper whenever you have a chance!
yeah up front.
Coffee after?
How boring can this be?
Now THAT is how Mahler is done!
Thanks for being there, !
Thanks so much to Peter  you for coming out.
Really appreciate all your support :.
Look fwd to having you guys visit SF!
YG say stop ...stuck in my damn head.
That's my shit lol
Thanks for the retweet of my retweet!
By the way your professorle quote says it all!
it makes me feel nice when people make the effort to friend request me on facebook...its kind of reassuring :p
lmao haha, thats what South Lake will do to you.
Our version of What we dont do?!
Bahahahahaha!
What?!
Way to go gang.
hahahaha rage it
Thank you , now every time I hear Edge of Glory by Lady Gaga, I think of your wonderful Queens.
Chuck D 39;TearyEyed39; Over Adam Yauch Death
Oi, you suave cat!
Welcome to this corner of my digital universe!
Who wants to know how to open a business and wich business will succeed Check out our website www.createmoneyweb.com
All of these characters are escape artists in slow motion...
on Kelly Reichardt in newest issue of Cinemascope.
The Betty White Commercial was better than the halftime show
Another beautiful day in the chi...
Round 5 Tonight?
Pack should claim Merriman if they can
Love ya Jim, saw you in NYC at the Comedy Cellar last March, but you're trying way too hard.
I'm even less interested in the Oscars this year than usual, despite Billy Crystal's return.
Much ado about precious little.
That was quick!
Congratulations!
And, hey, we can't always help how we react.
Cool is good.
I'll take it.
RT : We'll ask a trivia Q every 10 mins  randomly pick a winner Prize pork coupons Weber grill  other items
That's incredibly sweet.
Do You Need Any Licenses?
Won 250 at bingo tonight !!!
But true love is a durable fire, in the mind ever burning.
Never sick, never old, never dead.
From itself never turning.
If rich means making a GDP bigger than entire countries at the expense of poor hard working people, then where's justice?
cincodemayo and no margarita.
Maybe on seis de Mayo.
More lime notlikely de Mayo.
;
Thanks so much to all of my new followers!
Call 414.364.0181 to try us out for FREE!
We are located on KK in the heart of BayView,
when  where!?
RT : Hey misterQuinn, any chance you'll be coming to Dallas for a book signing?Nothing planned now Would love to!
The feeling you get when you have done something good
Talk that talk, yeah I know I'm such a show off.
;
Body found near w.
Burnside  Maywood.
PPB on scene.
All lanes closed.
Same sex marriage should be legal already.
Most of them have longer relationships and unions that straight people.
So did Prince Fielder, basically.
I actually new how to do everything on a math test for once....what is this....
When your having a bad day and you don't know why..
how are you!?
Most surprising aspect of the movie in your opinion?
Can't wait til Monday rolls around.
Tough time right now with this being the first mothers day since my mom passed away...
FF for '05 grad who lives and works in the Boston area
Very cool!
Congratulations!
Wait Grey's Anatomy is so sad right now
Jrue Holiday is the truth, he has playef great this serious
Interesting idea for tabletop RPG as way for people to interact with art in a museum...
But do the dice have to have a bazillion sides?
:
I was asked by a few of my readers to take the leash off on my personality.
I'm now writing part 2 of, It's a curious bit of culture.
I'm at Appalachian Brewing Company in Harrisburg.
Will by a beer for anyone who shows and mentions this tweet :
some girl said i was her baby daddy.
I am not your baby daddy!
nick LOL KENNEDY.
NICK'S NOT YOUR BABY DADDY.
MJ taught me that
What if I gave myself a mohawk for graduation?
listening to a talk on tacos, authenticity, and otherness .
this is so awesome
RT : Visit On Facebook To Help Name The Beer We'll Tap On Opening Day At Victory Field!
Many are alive but spiritually dead because they do not have a relationship with Christ.
i know, i will need it  at least I am goign in with my eyes wide open
Thank you for a great kickoff talk last night!
FYI, a team is off and running on yoru landppath pitch.
It's going to be fun playing The Who's Tommy for the next 4 weekends.
Needs to be more specific.
Talking about sin in relation to just being gay is different than convos abt relationships or sex.
we're fantastic in Philly!
Thank you for the photo pass.
Photos coming soon.
goodweather is looking ugly between you and CU.
I was getting a little nervous.
Went to see the Hunger Games last Wednesday, and when I went to the theater me and my 3 best friends suddenly saw our school librarian.
LOL!
RT confidence is going after Moby Dick in a rowboat and taking the tartar sauce with you!
Zig Ziglar
Only need 19 followers to reach 1200.
Can you suggest me to a tweeple or two from Cbus that likes fun, sarcasm and great window treatments?
you and Victoria are??
you should follow me since it's my birthday!
I WISH MY FAMILY COULD GO IT BE NICE IF U WOULD LET US IM A HUGEE FAN THANKS THO REPLY?
I love it when they call me Don Zapata.
When David Stern has his A game in a press conference  like tonight  he's fantastic.
And yes, I know how to party on a Saturday night.
Bring them in and finish it off with some chocolate.
We'll put it together for you!
it's gone be all faded and burning
I am so freaking tired of all this twitter doctorma.
WHY CANT ALL FAN BASES, NO MATTER WHO THEY ARE, GET ALONG?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
Great stuff.
Congratulations!
king5 Help: Need Valentine doctorvers now to all NW towns.
Come to dispatch: 96 Front St N Issaquah 98027 Cascade 24 Hour Florists
...If I were still trying to please man, I would not be a servant of CHRIST.Galatians 1:10
what part of washington state do you live in??
...I saw them make the chili today...you might wanna order something else...
As a Browns fan, I'm disgusted to share the same loyalty as someone who would say that to you
You too!
Follow on Twitter and DM your email addoctorss to me and I'll add you to our Google group this weekend.
I have very little self control when it comes to chips and salsa.
Lonely Chicks always Tweet like they a Hot Commodity to make us think Men tryna holler at them..
They really not!
I hope u ain't playin wit my emotions
I could watch that PONPONPON music video all the day time
Dear Dominos, If you say your pizza's are NOW MADE WITH REAL CHEESE!
Then what the heck was it before?
Sincerely, Everyone.
History does repeats itself game 6 bout 5 yrs ago Heat won the SHIP now its Dallas time
people wouldnt even stop their cars for pedestrians when there was a pedestrian walk signal in Orlando.
doctorvers are scary there.
This month is healthy heart month.
Eat omega 3 rich fish once a week to increase your blood flow and help your heart.
Where does the area code 402 come from and why are they calling me?
NM cuisine is based on native ingredients like corn, beans, squash  chiles,  incorporates Mexican, Native American  Spanish flavors
We had a blast at our Tea Party!
It was a wonderful weekend!
Fantastic job with the film I really enjoyed it!
You and the rest of the cast were excellent!!
Finally ' Ms.du didnt bring her ass to school .
Only openings for tomorrow left  4:45  5:45 We'll have a glass of wine waiting for you!
Cause we are, the same.
3
Great picture of Langston!
We did a show on his this past weekend  awesome audio of LH in conversation in '63.
What a talent
The summers ours.
serialization of MD is news to me.
Source?
I went from a C to an A in my math class!!!
haha!!
Anyone else having problems posting to twitter?
For some reasons it doesn't want to work for me today
y did u say u had a borin day?
At Stonewood mall right now for a little bit
let me see what we can do.
interested!
Everyone should be happy  realize how short life is!
Take every second for granted one day it can all be gone
RT this if you want to do a twitcam :
lol you should i told you them females crazy to let you stay solo out here
no doubt
Opened the suitcase, saw her ambitions, now has to force the zipper again so she can carry the suitcase around until it's time.
Patience.
Joe Higgins..
is like a patient trying to run an asylum...
his long term vision is after lunch.
Like him for entertainment value.
Sat Sept 17th
here is an ode to Apple or the BIGGEST Apple of our generation
I love making chili but I hate eating the same leftovers for days.
So she can take care of herself.
She's always talking about chicks who don't respect themselves and everything.
In other news...fattest cat in the world died from heart failure
LIKE our restaurant 1881 Grille for a chance to win our Sunday Brunch Buffet for two!
If you haven't tried it already, it's DELICIOUS!
I think dog park wit my dogs..
they need to run around n mingle wit other dogs.
There to spoiled!
My twitter sound sounds like the aliens from Signs.
So the new phone has been christened E.T.
prime line slide co door knobs
RT Wish the hostess with the crayon would circle our name!
I'm hungry!
...
no joke
A little boy w/ so much courage and bravery
of course!
One of the few people I trust!
:
Look at OKC
That nap was much needed
that was a real shocked face to Taylor Swift.
LMAO
Yay just came up with that on the spot :
just been announced as special guests at our friends Victorian Halls' Christmas show Dec 23rd.
Its at Subterranean, Chicago IL.
Doors at 8!
churchplanters You need people to help you so you better be nice, loving  full of grace!!
it's about committing suicide :
if its wrong to love me I don't want you to be right!
RT : breakfast burrito....come hither
Hi Liz, thanks for the mention.
We'll take any feedback we can get.
Please feel free to email us at
today it came out
Hah, if only the family connection carried that much weight.
oh, really?
: thats awesome!
This weather is beautiful for January!
Think I will run outside today.
i rather just talk to u
Take your time trust in me and you will find infinity3
Love goes toward love as schoolboys from their books, But love from love, toward school with heavy looks Romeo
might ask to model a NB tshirt for us.
I wonder if she'd be interested.
thanks bud.
I haven't started recording on the new album yet.
Or planned it.
But I have TONS of new stuff written  ready.
I know I'm so twitterlazy at the moment, don't know why..lol.
Do u have any news my love??
essential questions and timing of units usually start the process for me.
Ugh...the realization that after six years of living here, I finally have to register to vote in the state of New York...yuck.
That's probably good though!
Spending 4 hours on the 101....and no not the one in Cali....the 101 goes border to border...
Vision without execution is hallucination  Edison.
Standout quote from inspiring 5mi run this morn with 
AmericanReunion and Titanic3D enjoyed them both this weekend...
jordan 4 Holiday at the Electrifying Amsterdam houseboat to browse ...
we are experiencing issues with our account.
It has not been updated since this morning and it will not refesh now, any ideas?
I just tweeted ur video 2 Carly Rae Jepson!
Ur welcome!
I know I'm the best.

My nephew was good  he loves superheroes and the 2D showings were sold out.
I just needed to see The
Be sure to tune in to the parking lot right now at www.wsupfl.com!
yeah just got it
I found the best chicken in pdx.
Met a great group of Dads last night thanks NFAR
XFest/ at was rediculous tonight.
Can't believe it actually happened.
Someone should text me.
bored :
A1 Mastery is effortlessness
Love what you're doing with UV.
I want to help.
I'm in DC next Monday.
Would either of you be able to meet?
I miss you so bad right now...
Killed my audition,gonna score some grub.
And then,work on Last Breath stuff!
FF No matter how bad your day is, she will make you smile!
I like Denver's pick of Oregon's RB ; and Cleveland's 1 pick RB Richardson  both Great.
You blasting Beyonce The Best i Never Had in yo car
Oh JSP class :D
Hope all of you are following the songstress
I just discovered the Wifi File Transfer app and it is going to CHANGE MY LIFE.
1st game of the season w/
RT : A crowd armed with iPads, smartphones, laptops and hip eyewear ...
yep we've arrived !
it's kind of a funny story is a great fucking movie.
I'm so happy i finally got to see it
I was told to live and let live, so live it up baby
gohead..get loud!
Ooh!
Tell us your friendiversary story!!!
Make it happen!!
Summer time is around the corner.
:
are you hiring for any positions?
I miss Icelandair
how are the workouts going?
Never heat pesto sauce  the basil will turn black and taste bitter.
Hawaii is so boring
You have been that busy wow you're late.
is a case study, a minor research paper, and a 50question exam away from being a senior.
I may actually graduate one of these days!
happy birthday Josie!!!
Enjoy your day today!
Its Friday 
That's great.
Pls share with the BRITE audience.
The world is divided into 2 groups of people: the ones that Click 'Stumble!' to discover a new page  the ones that don't.
I'm in the 2nd.
watch out for Dolphins this year.
Think Bengals of 2009.
Extremely underrated D, timely big plays, mo  confidence ensue.
Ahh, I remember those days when I loved doing follow Fridays every single friday.
I'd think about it all week...now, I just don't care.
hahahahaha, thats probably a good idea!!
me too !
hearing my art is a favorite always makes my heart happy : Thanks So much Morgan !
I wish I could trust anything Facebook says...alas.
u damn right!!
Told them folks they can sweep dat shit under the rug lol RT: But I know you saw them Knicks though!
I want to go to bed!
I'm curious about this, too!
do some programs have classes on processing?
WiFi at McCarran  not the best.
Thank you Patrick!
yeah she does that sometimes lol
RT : As Romney leaves Joe's Pizza carrying 3 pizzas, someone on the sidewalk shouts Just don't put 'em on the roof of the car.
Please let my papa get on the plane!
Flights should not be booked solid when you fly out every 30 minutes!
Aotearoa you'll always be in my heart!
I miss you!
Id rather have no friends then some fake ass ones
Sitting in a diner where my feet don't reach the floor 
Don't quote me boy 'cause I ain't said shit.
Tony Parker upandunder STop10!
as much as I hate the word....yolo is da best way to describe that situation tho lol
that's the smartest thing u ever said!
Long as they don't play like u on NCAA we def gone be on point
is it weird that I picture you saying that with a british accent?
i kinda like it haha
Love is my religion  I could die for it.
I think, therefore I row....I row, therefore I hurt.
New Pics and track on our facebook, check it out loves ;
So obsessed with instant.
What happened to cultivating and waiting years to bear fruit?
Sure did buddy.
Look forward to continuing our brotherhood.
Sabrina and I are fine, she says Hey.
lol
Laying on the tailgate looking up towards the moon.
Check out my new holiday themed Twitter background.
Cherish it, won't you?
yeah, so it's best you make the decision that will benefit you now and in the future.
Anyone have a score update on the Bears game???
Consider the source.
Read with a big grain of disbelief re socalled expert.
Experts warn not to demonize dog breed
Friday is gonna be the best day everr
omg can you call me off Margaret's
Thanks !
DEVO's Beautiful World!!!!!
Great Friday tune
Thanks for the Mention.
Price for Autoglass Locator rumored to go up 5/4/11.
Go to www.listyourshop.com to take advantage of the 29/month deal today!
I'm glad you also have a strong dislike for Aubrey!
haha
I did not realize you had so many!
What's this tat gonna be?
Flores says to link homeless students to school resources and mentors in the school.
Include community efforts.
I'm leaving to a birthday party and sleep over
Youll see a good boy; Gonna give you the world,But hes gonna leave you cryin' With your heart in the dirt.
Was just hopping on to tell your that.
Fonts are gorgeous, though!
Great work.
Interesting: Enid Montague discusses touch  gaze in doctor/patient encounters.
What are cultural implications?
Oomf is blowing my twitter up when all I wanna do is catch some 's
Hey remember me?
I did CD covers for you in the day...
Hahaha shanking a shot so bad the ref thinks it was deflected  so gives us a corner!
So some good in there tho
Yes.
This.
RT : Greinke has to man up today and get this series win.
They desperately need it.
Just took a peak at the calendar.
Looks like my birthday is in 5 days.
If I were 18 I would defs vote for you.
you have your camera?
and youtube is being a bitch...
If you need a makeup artist for your Halloween costume let me know asap Im filling up fast!
Busy day today...two meetings, rehearsals and a callback.
Oh and I'm a year older today!
sograteful for all the good things in my life!
May answers come to me by easeful attraction rather than stressful pursuit, and may all beings benefit from these inquiries.
Ten
Sounds good, ill be on very soon..
I'll bet, don't take on work for a while, even if it's from me!
Hahaha yes very much so!
Made my day3
Tornado doctorll.
Chilling in the girls pool locker room with my class.
The local news makes me feel like the sky is falling.
Murder, corruption, unemployment...
Tweet me some good news you experienced today.
its 3am in london and I am waiting 4 a reply!!!!
Rush Limbaugh is an entertainer like Joseph Goebbels was a movie producer.
thanks for all the ideas Mike!!
:
aw, no direct credit.
bummer.
Hey , no props to ?
The surest way not to fail is to determine to succeed.
Richard Brinsley Sheridan
Thanks to everyone who made it happen.
The Plaza Classic Film Festival has officially wrapped!
A controversial bill in Washington state  insurance co.s forced to pay for abortions?
Story on KOIN TV in 10 minutes.
umm...
No thanks.
at least it was done in preparation of doing cool shit
Did you catch it yesterday?
I was on around 8am yesterday morning.
AskBow what is your biggest fear
I know i was just joking around
bomb!!
What where me and bethany went for v day.
Gabe wants to go to open gym in morning, wondering if u wanna roll.
...so, about until it's obsolete.
RT Adobe Master Collection CS6 is 2,600.
That's the same as a 4 year subscription.
I'll even take you to Canter's.
We've pulled into conversation with the advisory board; talking tech, pedagogy, and research.
One Shining Moment!
Wait, did hellfreezeover ?
Did my boyfriend actually join twitter?
He better be
Why is it that most nudists are people you don't want to see naked?
Need More Followers To Reach 1,000 Please Follow
Xmas is stressful
why are we so awesome?
looks like bron did the same thing fam were down 18 smh we good tho its a small thing to a giant
Or is it all just an illusion given the fact that the entire existence is pointless but mysteriously ordered.
A Freudian Perception
The Myth of Dealer Only KeysDon't assume that your 'fancy new key' can only be duplicated or replaced by a dealership.
Call 5032414922
BIG UP TO ALL MY BALTIMORE HOOPERS.........BIG CLEVE WHAT UP

I am in awe of you!
You bring such grace and charm to the characters you portray!
Fabulous work last night!
If you post 3 statuses a day on Facebook I find you annoying...
If you post a status every hour I find you ultra annoying
Compromise, the art of giving in to your kids
RT : RT : I think vegas skipped spring and went straight to that summer heat.
that's so sick dude!
You're a true 90's kid if you've ever heard someone say Get off the phone, I have to use the Internet.
Does VIP Cocktail waitress mean the same as waitress at a strip club?
Tech  Society Week 10: John Augustus Roeblings was one of the initial designers of the Brooklyn Bridge.
what yo email bro
goin' geek and learning about apps with gary and travis.
...because S.
Lee tweeted the wrong addoctorss by mistake.
He apologized but this issue is not going away, soon.
shooting some cool new foods.
..
its hard not to be at work when you have a ecommerce site.
Someone is always ordering.
I would have ....
Let me stop typing
Burrito Madness tonight!!
In a great mood today 
lame!!!
The host of that show is too fucking weird
hey, no matter how you cut it, a winner is a winner 
why is houston weather so bipolar?!
OH MY GOSH 
Floyd is simply brilliant.
Enjoy it while you can.
your welcome hope your enjoying your
soy mint chip ice cream and cherries and brussel sprouts are some of my favs too also artichokes and cucumbers
I feel ya ,but steroids make you great!
You don't see mediocre players use them, do y...ooooohhhh.
I've never met him, yet he always asks me for money.
Somehow I'm the selfish one!
Aren't 40 y/o men able to take care of themselves??
I probably am supposed to hate it, but the soundtrack cracks me up.
I don't hate I appreciate.
Now, for storyboards/directing in general: I pick 4 principles/pillars and stick to them for every decision, from angles
Just got the news......
R.I.P Sarah Towler.
Best wishes to you and your family.
You will be missed and always loved.
Oh so our shool caught on fire awesome day
Are you around today?
fun times.
Hope all is well
Companies can post free coupons on MilwaukeeCoupons.com!
Now thats a finish...Paul, Bruce, Joe Walsh, Dave Grohl
Hi Dan!
Thanks  I'm happy to connect with you.
Lizzi
I dont know why i stop but i just cant tweet every day no
I'm going to write a song about my son to get pussy  every modern rock singer.
Not surprised, breaks and won't process payments from Google Chrome.
Over 25 browser share worldwide, but ignored.
Written in 1869 by Sarah Lancaster, Last Words of Copernicus imagines a hymn by Philip Doddoctordge as the speech of the 16th c.
astronomer.
VTwin expo!
God can do more in one moment of time than we can do in a lifetime!
I'm loving The Ethics of Internet Research by McKee and Porter: IMHO is not a sufficient ethical argument.
If I ain't rap 'cause I flipped burgers at Burger King, would you be ashamed to tell your friends you feelin' me?
snap.
I swam in there once.
Did u guys just like hop the fence and swim?
Whenever I get a new calender, I flip straight to my birthday month to see which picture I got.
Convincing my mom to bring me to worlds next year!
Worlds was the shit this year!SO MAD I DIDNT GO:
ending in a tie im jnust gonna say we won :
Just received the creepiest email evr from an anon prolife frmisterstudent.
All eyes on Austin,Tx for SxSW what kind of spectacular live music we gonna see this year.
GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Nothing Personal by
Love BA on the call on TBS tonight!
eminem concert in the city!
Exhausted...but the sleep eludes me.
Sigh.
Channel flippin time!!
The serenity of the late night/early morning is like being cradled in the hands of the person you have the most affection for.
I'm getting money.
Must be illuminati.
yep!
well vicki's class watched up and carolines watched rio..
but both are animated which i hate so im kinda happy we didnt!
Obama pledges tough enforcement of Wall Street reforms
I'm killing it like OJ yea thas Wat the hoes say
Um...thin mint lunch today.
Doing a great job!
Looking forward to seeing you
It feels like I'm watching someone play a video game...
TigersBaby!!!!
He who knows others is wise.
He who knows himself is enlightened.
Lao Tzu TAF followngain ?
TFB ?
500ADAY?
But Kauflin and Cohen and the young kid made strong showings too.
Had to step away during Zaleski's set.
Just got done meeting a client at the office for a last minute project.
Great guy, getting tons of good PR tomorrow and deserves it.
RT : We know choosing the best pavement can be difficult.
Check out the informational brochure below comparing......
One Direction really needs to come to omaha
Makes sense though right people are always commenting on how happy my kids are and my house is a sty :
Practicing for my SF show at SoCha cafe on Saturday night at 8pm.
doctorw Pearce opens.
I'm on at 9pm.
Good music and friends.
Come on out!
I have a sneaking suspicion that some of my female Facebook friends have become housewives.
All they do it's talk about cleaning...
Going to the show tonight  The 5 Spot.
My headphones don't work so omw to school in silence /3
We're making Cap'n Crunch Chicken in our Qwik Meals w/ Chix class 10/12 at 7!
It's yummy!
May not be prefect, not a lot of money but, im not fake!!!!!!
Forget the Fear Factor....it's all about the Felton Factor tonight!
He has 26 pts thru 3Q.
You make me feel ashamed of myself.
This is not a good thing!
I won't stand for it!
What's wrong?
Sip and Bite on Boston St was closed for filming today.
Anyone know what they're filming ?
Can you remember the very FIRST time you ever saw a Tarot card?
Tell us!
please rt, we are interested in YOUR answer!
Doing great and looking forward to Friday!
Have a good one.
See you at SoSlam!
I wonder how stupid i look spinning in circles in my parking lot
Retweet If Your Boyfriend Never Call You..
I'll take a doctornk every time they say so.
That should help this final hour go by
Just had McDonald's 
MyFavoriteThingToDo is jam out to music when i am home alone  3
Waking up with my treadmill is one of my fav things to do!
Here we go day!
We need to figure out how to layer and store energy in our houses.
great to see you too Chris.
You've always been a huge support!
Miss you as well.
wow can u add me on facebook at
We're good at doubleheaders!
RT : Are they gonna play tonight??
SFGiants
At SLC airport, post LITA.
Free wireless  woo hoo!
Starting to board for my flight back to DFW.
man, I hope that doesn't happen to me
Not enough but I was a TA for World history.
lol yeah do that for me :
I can't remember the number but the Rainier Valley one.
358 might be a tie though.
have a show in your home town soon.
If you were to pair a cocktail with the movie The HungerGames, what would you make?
I couldn't tell ya.
:D
So I just got home from Star Wars Weekends was a great day such awesome Darth Maul Merch this year.
Now I need to pass out for a day!
Shout out to all the big girls at Thedoctoram concert.
My feet hurt so much but aw well going to tumble :
I'm not sure, but I don't think so.
I will be with the Pearson folks at educause this week, so I can ask.
you don't know the guy :
Happy time is just so......happy.
Right and ?
You and me both sister!
do you tweet a lot?
The dog park needs a DJ.
I have no problem being it.
Yeah I know!
How are ya?
Counterfeit doctorgs need stricter penalties MT : FDA warning doctors a 2nd counterfeit version of cancer doctorg Avastin found in U.S.
Follow us !?
Special NYArtBookFair deals on featuring Come visit at PS1.
Getting ready for the bimonthly general membership meeting of VOICE, a congregation based community organizing group  part of Gamaliel
Let me stop talking about the Lakers before one of their fans MettaWorldPeace my ass Lmao..!!!
Hopefully we can make that happen
Healing fairly well : It was great meeting you  thanks for the laughs at SOBCon!
STOP SPAMMING ME FRANK
Yes it is my Friend.
pizzanight happy Friday.
Order a pie tonight.
We deliver
the dingo...
Thanks for the FF.
:
Humphreys Concerts by the Bay w/ some of musics top performers wouldnt be complete w/o dinner  doctornks before at BH!
I need a debit card..
'Life here is better, down where it's wetter, take it from me.
from Under the Sea : My sister sings it ALL the time.
haha
Thanks, Matt!
: Nice job talking bout Jackie postO on Emily Rooney Show yesterday, 
: I really just wanna replay last night.
That was so much fun!
We're you nervous at all?
always.
Too bad the Wings already lost their game before I've even gotten out of bed
I really want to see Snow White and the Huntsman!
LifeOfAnAthlete!
; RT : Going to watch a movie til I fall asleep..
Early cardio and training.
Goodnight everyone!
xoxo
Haha :P very nice
I love 's goodmorning tweets it always brightens my day:
fitness I have lost over 75 lbs in 2011 simply by eating right and moving more!
How can you motivate others to join life's journey?
Three more songs ready D
fans: oh hey justin bieber is here.
me: HOLY SHIT WE ARE IN THE SAME CITY BREATHING THE SAME AIR.
OMG JUSTINS BREATH IS IN MY MOUTH!!!!
At the moment no, but I think we might have a band practice!
Seeing Chris Botti with Alpha Blackburn.
Hey Barnes....you are a lottery pick...play like it!!!!!!!!
Gosh, thx , with an h this time...
Oopsy ;
Wish I could let y'all hear I DO MY THANG........soon enough It's DF!
Do you ever tweet in real time and wonder if the weirdo you're talking about is following you?
digging the the radiant, prismatic colors in the sunset this fine evening...the close to another utopic day in LA.
You can't extinguish a bad habit, you can only change it
People don't text ,to see what you.
Doin, they either Like you,want money,want sex, want you,want head, try Make plans or tell something
Judge not, lest they be judged
what's wrong with the Aggies ?
love you too, suck up
Looking forward to having you RT : Are you in Miami this Thursday?
Meet me for doctornks at in SoBe, 67:30 PM.
read my last tweet....see i saved you from depression haha
:/ your so lucky was it fun?
There was also the subtle rubbing incident in the creepy Cambridge Public Library stacks.
Do not attempt to sexually assault the staff!
So delighted to be spending Saturday in Annapolis with the House of Delegates.
Just had some Mushroom soup and more tea, took a break earler and swung with my daughter on a garden swing.
It's a nice day today.
As long as Stephen Ross and Jeff Ireland are running the dolphins I refuse to instill hope in this poorly run franchise.
Had a great chat with yesterday.
They run in only one mode 100 beast.
DID YOU EVER NOTICE THAT WHEN I TURN OFF THE CAPS LOCK the voice in your head goes back to normal?
The party went well
Survived another high school reunion.
Might just have to go again in 5 years.
I love and miss the Berkshire's.
Back to Chicago we go.
It's kinda funny that and haven't realized that the Hawaii trip is just a romantic getaway by now.
Hope every1 watched top chef w !
Go and motoboys!
Show 'me what we're made of!
This girl said she can survive in tha world without money cuz she cute lol wut?
Swag, swag y punto O.o
Is it me?
or is every male battle that's not on just getting more and more trash?
Quality wise!!
Damn Dude That Thunder Is Serious .
Who do you think was the Met's best doctorssed?
RV?
You'd have the option of doctorving your apartment to class
is a BUNSON!!!
She's the most GUSH singer out!
Sheesh
Ditto; I love Starbucks My fav is an Iced Chai Latte.
But before that it was a Vanilla Bean Frappe w/ Java Chips.
What's yours?
What should our question be...
Why do the hockey gods hate Columbus?
Maybe something more existential, e.g.
Is life fair?
I GOT MY TICKETS FOR THE LA 2013 SHOW!
soexcited I love you all
Looking 2 do Twitter  FB work on the side 4 cheap.
If u know anyone interested please let me know.
Need  to help pay 4 the twins delivery
Why can't school be over tomorrow?
You wouldn't keep doctorving your car with a flat tire, and you shouldn't take ibuprofessorn and then go running.
You'll do more damage!
hahaha well i dont think we have that much money !
We're proud have the support of such great sponsors!
RT is Proud to be a 2011 Platinum Sponsor at this year's !
We do personal and corp.
accnts!
Be among many who call Black Crown!
Ubermind/Deloitte, Nordstrom fashion and more!
206 7227696 to inquire.
No , the Dallas Mavericks will not miss the playoffs.
They can't afford to.
did anyone really expect a different result from carmelo vs lebron?
That new secondary is gonna be a nice change!
Point Park Baseball's travel distance to Marion, Ind.: 368 miles, 6 hr, 7 min.
Cecil is at the wheel.
IfOnlyICould read people's minds
Truly there is one born every minute.
we need to talk...
i want you to live.
support replied on 1/26 to yr user list request.
Spam filter?
Will resend.
Pls submit a ticket if more needed.
join Quinn haha
Another day, another dollar!
I'd like to think you paved the way!
The race was  I didn't get choc milk in finish area, out of respect for you.
howay it is nicole scherzinger ya na!!!
I reckon i'd stare like haha xx
This one is for the boys with the boomer system , Top down AC with the coolest system,
with 23 points to lead his team to victory.
So happy for him.
UK fans have been following him before he got big.
Love Ya A1
Never be bullied into silence.
Never allow yourself to be made a victim.
Accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself.
Knowing that I have leftover Indian food for lunch perks me up a bit, though.
Not a lot, but a bit.
Google is working on a pilot and allowing certain organizations through, but even CBS News got deleted.
If I can't run at least I have gardening to keep me sane.
Fuck fake nails.
Or.
Or you could call me.
Just got back from the gym the cycling class OMG in the words of Tom Hanks off the movie cast away NEVER AGAIN WILSON NEVER AGAIN.
lol
what else is on it?
Cool, do your day/night jobs ever conflict?
I do some standup comedy and even that has been a lil tricky sometimes ;
genart film festival is over but wait until next year it going to be better
now that ive graduated...its time to move on to the next chapter of my life
you mean rescheduling?
Haha!
It has been a long time!!!!!
Was sitting on the back porch and felt an earthquake.
That was weird.
In a cab, and saw a clip...feel so bad for Kelly.
How is she going to survive without Regis?!!
Feeling some kinda way right now
: Your performance of Ave Maria was absolutely heavenly.
WOW.
Good luck!
TheVoice
say what you like about the deaf...
newtwitter?
Looks the same to me...
So my dad dies, and then my mom's dog gets hit by a car.
WHAT ELSE YOU GOT?
Just get it over with.
Come on.
get it, girl :
Baseball players have good butts...
I love the playoffs this year...
Just about every game is a grind to the end.
Angela sanged all her songs
MaydayParadeJake favorite place to tour outside of the U.S?
I cut my hand open on my jacket zipper.
What if I need stiches?!
I will die
About to go cook !
Shocking development.
But probably a little easier on the digestive tract.
insanity!
I used to babysit for 2 an hour and we're not even Mormon.
I would have mowed grass too, but itsArizona ;
I guess I just don't like indie music.
Generally speaking, if a band calls themselves indie, it means I will be asleep before track 2.
Check out Barb Wire Dolls!
They are playing with us tomorrow at Churchills.
Hope to see you all there :D
Watching doctorw geek sheep....in honor of our event Geek Chic.
Yesterday's best magnetic poem: doctornk tequila ask ghost woman for fight.
Why do I think a sophomore is cute?
I need to get outta here and go to college already...
Perhaps The Steve Conte Shrine...hope to see ya next Friday in NYC on my continuing RLF Tour ;
Nashville.
March 7th
on the Mac they use OS X's GC.
Not sure on iOS, probably replicating something like ARC.
Hey there....fun!
absolutely.....do you have any new designs yet??
im excited!
listen to Kid Rock's old shit where he said nigga every other word.
so funny...
such a goon
BREAKING NEWS RT No way!
RT: Sometimes I get confused
How does it work??RT : kasimp3 will pay u 4 sharing ur single
R.I.P Biggie, one of the greatest rappers of all time
On the hunt for a narrator for our film.
Topping our list is Sean Penn.
Anyone out there know him personally?
Thank you so much for the list love!
:
Question: why dont bathroom stall walls go all the way to the ground?
Can't sleep.
And I NEED to sleep.
happens to me all the time :/
4 days away from the gym.
The return wasn't as bad as I thought it was
Thanks for the compliment Cate!
The tshirt collection is fun but the evil grin is all my own.
After my set tonight an older Latino gentleman approached me and said You're a bad ass, dude.
I'll be living off that one for a while.
thumb master!
Lol.
Hope you got some sleep today so you can be ready for tonight!!
A vote in Washington D.C.this evening could restore paid leave to Minnesota Red Bulls.
Live coverage on KSTPTV at 5pm.
My 13 year old self just imploded.
JC from NSYNC is at the movie theater with me.
Die.
Swoon.
I die.
Got a couple cum stains on my work shirt and pants.
I clocked in at 75 miles an hour on the gun
Shouldn't you be asleep?
Welllooks like you're ignoring me.
Let's see how good this gcal api is...
If an internal candidate is selected for the position, make a written job offer that includes the new job description and salary
I woke up with a big ass head ache :
Any recommendations on a really good auto body repair shop in the DFW area?
i am into water sports.
squirt guns, slip n slide, ice cream socials at the home
Of course not, tell us when you launch your station and good luck bro!
If you love someone, you wouldn't force them to be someone they are not.
Because you love them even though you know they're not perfect.
but that one just isn't in my arsenal.
lol well no, but get that annoyed look on my face, i be in the middle of stuff and moms just says the same things over n over
Gorgeous camel Chloe bag just came in and !
Used but has lots of character.
Only 225.
I always wake up,  so thirsty I have too go get a doctornk
I had rather believe all the fables in the legends and the Talmud and the Alcoran, than that this universal frame is without a mind.
Bacon
How's everyone?
I'm really having a bad day : well hope yours is better.
:
oh no problem : 3 I just know how hard life can be for you sometimes.
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Dentek Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
Judging by RB's demeanour, he lacks conviction.
I'll hit you tomorrow when I talk to my people bro
Intelligent people will work it through...regardless.
Great reminder, tough to follow at times
copying and pasting others work, bad health coverage, and vague headlines forcing you to click though, I am done with huffpo.
Not only has God given me another birthday but he has also made work go by smoothly.
ah got u, ruff!
Anyone else watching dancemomsmaimi Kelly:
it's fiesta Friday with DJ All Nite!
A person's a person, no matter how small.
Happy Birthday, doctor Seuss!
Haha that's funny RT : I've been on Twitter for 16 months and I just figured out what FF meant.
Kept looking for fast forward
Who doesn't love a discount on Food Cart chow, ?
We'll work with a cart or two in the warmer months.
Any suggestions?
You know what we haven't learned yet?
THAT NO ONE, NO ONE IS A SECOND CLASS CITIZEN.
How difficult is that?
Bridge can provide housing for TEFL students at a cost, or you can stay at a hotel or hostel.
If I think of myself I am nothing, but my actions can make a world of difference
Week 1 is like christmas.
Who lives in miami that's ready to party

great  can you follow me so I can send you a direct message or email at so we can discuss.
That is the sense of entitlement I was deriding.
You don't have a right to their content.
Who is planning on coming to see us for New Year's Eve?
We hope to see you at Grazie!
305.673.1312.
haha, dude ikr!
I have no balls to play with anymore :
Intriguing.
Well, I guess we'll hear about it if you make the bigtime.
Thanks a bunch, , for the retweets ;!
selena brighten up my life :
feet is usually the best strategy.
harder to catch a ball at your shoes!
I've never been one to sugar coat things.
Just tell it like it is  if you're too sensitive to handle it, well then....
Aww, my awesome hubby cleaned the bathtub!
Ah.
Don't forget Lunch orders for next week!
Our catering options are AMAZING!
Let me know if you need a menu packet!
:
I do 200 too and sprints once in a while
Can he run the US?
Think of us as a black business support group.
Then join today!
Lucky charms
girls who work there..have BIG doctorams for their careers
I just read the part when they are in the elevator ...
Phewww I can't handle this lmao 
dear god dear lord please find a way to make these people evaporate from my life ICantEven amen okay
Victorian Halls will be on Fox 45 in Dayton, OH this Monday at 8:20am.
Make sure to tune in!
np Alicia Keys  Try Sleeping With A Broken 
haha inform everyone!!
I think they mean the Bush tax cuts.
Which, you know, Obama extended....
So there's that.
that's what's up
I experience anger, but I would never physically hurt a fellow person, unprovoked.
It's good to focus on how much love there is out there.
TWO DAYS
: Rise n shine everybody!!
Something tells me it's going to be a good day...
attitude When's your next tourney?
sca2012 SF Muni Archive: started putting images up on HistoryPin and immediately doctorw lots of traffic.
Hahaha, my little sis is something else
I love you hurricane gage
aaron.tv 3.0 will have daily vlogs of follow this martian!
Good.
How was your Thanksgiving, I hope it was wonderful one.
don't we all bro
Having a lot of fun updating my website.
More Bassheads the better!
Never too early...JETS Jets Jets Jets!
you and me both.
Lol
That slash by Mike Smith made me laugh out loud.
Awesome
I believed the whole time, but I'm a fan....like you.
I called WSJ to do the same and the woman told me that she had never heard of the Kindle or ebook readers in general
I love goldfish.
I agree, can't wait!
Hope to meet you
Beauty is skin deep.
hmm, that sounds scary.
Is fellow court still there?
Maybe that's where they are doing the missile thingy from for the Olympics
I think it looks cooler in Cyrillic :
New mewithoutyou is already blowing my mind and I am one song in...
Wished I was in LA with my Beachbody peeps.
ESPN taping the workout today!
Represent.
I weight 135 I need to doctorp 10lbs to get back to my normal weight idk where the fat is but it gtta go lol
something to think on.
If you read the book of Mormon you will find they make references throughout of the Bible and both books..
It was great to meet you too!!
Come party may 18th!
It's a ceremony to celebrate an achivement but dont forget it is also a publicty stint for the President.Big event like this gets word out
can u DM us ur email and we can get to the bottom of it.
Also, we'll reset ur rental period  hopefully get you watching soon.
Ugh, I HEAR you Lord....we are going back to church tomorrow.
Dang.
haha maybe that will help
Can't wait to go to Nashville!!!
Almost time!
Hmm...
should we get Bolt Bus tix for 4/21?
Better start Scrabble practice soon!
is looking for a mixed Recruiter / Sales Consultant for Kineticom in the
Happy Cinco de Mayo  Kentucky Derby day!
mybirthdayisin10days :
I love you are magical, lylical, beautiful 3 3
Was Al Gore in town?
He may have taken it with him when he left.
When I got enough confidence, the stage was gone
Dear Lord THANK YOU!
I am what I am  popeye
Shocker in Seattle: Clear Channel parts ways with KUBE midday talent/20plusyear market fixture Shellie Hart.
Stay tuned for updated info.

tutors RT : I jus need some corporate sponsors
Happy United Day!!
There is a mouse hiding behind a box in our living room...So why do I also feel the need to hide from it?
just followed!
:
Leftover Molly
Red bull!
God morning!
I have Hanley in a keeper league.
He needs to play 10 games at 3rd before his position is moved from SS to 3B.
Stupid
Sewriously, just got home.
Good damn night.
Who likes money?
Who's been on a date?
Memoirs of a Single Dad is hosting a contest in February you won't want to miss!
Stay tuned
I wanna go home !
Our minds think alike a lot lately.
Haha.
I wish I could see it with you :
its difficult to read
hey!
thanks for following : you guys should definitely go checkout xoxo have a great day!
Nice Mikey I love eBay too  I saved you as a favorite seller!!
Social security office is a sad place.
Why exactly did I opt for the pain of changing my name?
Oh yeah, never mind.
Looks like the badge is back and bug free
She should of told a girl with her tits and her tummy showing to cover up.....
ALL HALE LOUIS TOMLINSON THE OTHER 4 HOMOSEXUAL GODS.
love Romar but I'm pretty sure that a truly elite coach could have gotten more from the talent on this team.
I think your account has been hacked.
Got a spam dm.
whats your favorite song youve written
ICantStandWhen someone puts an empty pitcher back in the refrigerator.
Everyday I'm shufflin'
u think I'm fat!!!
That's why u send me that!!
Hahaha
Ron N Bobby Are my heros.
NO SHE DIDN'T.
Salty aF my headphones just broke 
Congrats you will be one of the best world heavyweight champions of all time.
Keep up the good work
First love is only a little foolishness and a lot of curiosity.
George Bernard Shaw
One must first test an argument oneself; For obviously one must refute those things by which inquirers refute a claim Aristotle Top.
8.9
Spur of the moment going to see hunger games with and others
and even tho we let it go it's better u know I still got it for you
Tampa Police Officers have Joseph Lee Frye in custody at the Mayflower Motel
Thanks again.
Definitive winner: Filezilla!
Always know I can count on the genesiswp community for help.
Shower time!!
Soo , babe says I'm amazing ..
I think he's wrong ..
; love you too babe .
: 3
follow for follow guys?
RT : Check out the new  BILLBOARD on Century Blvd near LAX!!!
Looks great guys.
Thanks
With 11:22 remaining the Aztecs still hold a 4734 lead over the Broncos.
they should lose their voting privileges!
I would love to know who they thought were better.
I really do not feel like working today.
I laugh at shit that's not even funny lol
RT Sorry, you're at the wrong gate, Justin.
yes i am dude tweetpic that shit
Wade is a beast also jose Reyes going back and forth between baseball and basketball look like a anther nail bitter
Woke up early today, then did what I had to do...summer is kickin in!
What Team Is Your Pick To Win The 2012 NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament???
When you think yours doctorams are too Far fetch you get Nothing but if you Focus on your doctorams and believe it can happen Things Happen!!
my publicist is trying to set up a signing for me therewhen are u doing ur demo?
damn right it is shaved legs that's enough said!
idk if you can....
FedEx pickup came 10 min early!
NO!
Guess its going out late.
ms : a pleasure to see you in my Twitter feed.
hoping all is well with you these days.
thinking of u ...
The GOP Presidential debate is to political discourse what the WWF is to athletics.
School please end so I can hang with
Not only that, the red labeling is fainter, more spread out, and fragmented, meaning that the synapses themselves are misshapen
Parked in 2 hour parking...need to move my car before I get a ticket, I hate downtown city parking!!!
thank you everyone that tuned in !!!!
RT The will be serving their awesome slider burgers at 48pm today!
Come shop  grab a bite to eat!
6 classes still testing..
asks about questions that are bigger than technology  e.g.
mental health services.
The link rot rpt?
I explored, and all I find is the press release data at this pt.
Hesitated to tweet.
Will ask in a.m.
Swear they r the next hip hop or a bball star
MS Open Tech Releases Open Source Metro Theme for jQuery Mobile
NFL Mobile app only for customers.
6363 ALL TIED, end of regulation, OT in the Merrell Center!!!
Part of why I love her is she only knows how to speak from her heart.
No BS with that one.
he's genuine.
SweepShow everyone, tune in.
New math in box me digets .....
Love The tech support is killer.
DVR alert!
My special Harry Potter: The Final Chapter will air again this Friday and Saturday on CNN  8pET/5pPT!
you're really pretty.:
RT I always fall for your type.
RT : The worst thing about being lied to is simply knowing you weren't worth the truth.
Unknown
still haven't packed
Forecast for Tuesday: Showers in the morning.
Then showers likely with isolated thunderstorms in the afternoon.
Highs...
big meeting with Q Device for China launch!
Love the Kenzie  Gennaro stuff.
Plus, Mystic River and Shutter Islands are great reads, too.
and priorities are skewed right now
this is what we're bringing this is the world that we're creating.
and it doesn't exist without all of us
Ima be mad as hell if the don't try to extend Him  Monta  we'll have 1 of the best backcourts in da game
Wow, I'm sad...
Wish I wouldn't have to leave the crew.
I'll miss you guys terribly!
no minimums, it can depend on the method of printing.
you can email me at with details with details
mine were the same.
Enjoy urs, guy who reads twonk tweets.
Didn't head out.
Have a great deck for cooking on the grill so did some lamb and veggies and watched the boats  sunset.
Lol.
Today I was in class jammin to Al Green, Marvin Gaye, Anita Baker, Patti Labelle.
sounds like predoctorft misdirection.
Enough to generate trade discussions and/or keep teams away from taking who they want.
I.
NEED.
doctorNKS.
and
what the hell took Doritos so long to come up with taco shells it's
My mom just told me I am going to be a stripper one day.
Praise the Lord for you and your friend.
We have standard teaching guides but personalize the lessons to fit our kids!
Stressed and overwhelmed :/ sigh.
I hate feeling like this.
gonna update my style haha doctorss more nice looking
Am honored to have been invited to join the Combat Wounded Vets Challenge Expedition Team.
Diving w/crew in FL Keys, July'12.
Listening to talk to her new camera as we top off the gas tank in Stanfield, Oregon.
God is doing great things in my life!
Yeah big shocker here : Well, I thought they should have charged him w/1st deg murder  let a jury decide.
One week left to register for the Detroit Cup Dodgeball Tournament!
Gotta a really cool show announcement soon!
Stay tuned ;
The Day After Mothers Day  iAlready Regret What iDid For Her Smh
Unlike walker ..Barret is a man.
He knows how to work!
He is pragmatically efficient; that's very Good Work!
.
says social media marketing is extension of PR
Tonight's Special: BBQ Burger  1/2 Ground Sirloin and Andouille Sausage, Fried Onions, Provalone,  BBQ Sauce.
Wimps need not apply.
got it!!
Hooray.
did a soft reboot  forced eject.
: hooray for smartphone w/ web access.
LOL.
: thanks man!
no just gnr in general
Still have no interest in sports media this week.
Ugh.
And why did HellOnWheels season 1 have to end the same day as the Packers season?!
hey, been trying to catch up to you
Why am I watching the Dog Whisperer and I don't own a dog....haha
Not worried about the irrelevant.
Sure did enjoy your qr15 session.
You provided some great ideas!
I esp.
liked the social properties page.
Born to bleed.
Fighting to succeed.
Built to endure what this world throws at me.
Let it be known that I dislike wireless keyboards/mice.
I'd much rather deal w/cords than sit down to work  my keyboard/mouse not function.
I was excited when my paper for American Modernism was recommended to a Gender Studies panel, but I'm more excited that it was accepted!
inverse jet lag
an absolute shame.
Is world on a fast track to Idiocracy or what?
Sorry that filtering isn't available right now  is there a specific category we can help you search through?
Trending: GrandTheftAutoMemories : I read this as GrandTheftAutoMimesis.
Different content entirely.
UK played Duke, Ohio State and Kentucky...who did Syracuse play early?
dobetterinoutofconferencescheduling!
submitted two requests for a major bug, need urgent help, please.
Page posts not showing in news feed.
Just glad to know one of the Best 50 Antique Bloggers!
Joinj us tomorrow night when Svedka Vodka joins us with the Svedka Photo Booth 68pm.
Try some great Svedka doctornks for 3.
we love u!
Keep rockin' and we'll see u on a bike again soon!
Love, your family cc:
Gn tweeps, I have to fill out more paper work in the morning I can't wait 2 get my apartment :
thanks, much love SVP.
Appreciate the banter.
Gonna be a good run tonight!
Breakin' legs and takin' names at this show.
Always a relief to send off an article, especially on Labor Day!
This one's on San Diego's YachtFest, Sept.
1720 on Shelter Island.
RT : Swing over for a pint and some !
We love Saturdays!
spike jonze still does music videos?
The hardness of butter is directly proportional to the softness of the bread.
Northeast Ohio.
East Chicago?
I'm not following.
My statement about it defying 3D space was reaching, though.
Bottom line is, it's very hard to put into words.
Yea!
Books ordered for my class, Syllabus 1/2 done, guest speakers lining up  class now listed for registration!
SometimesIGetsickof always hearing your voicemail, I wish you would just answer.
I'm working on it.
How dare you question me.
i just enrolled into the spiritual growth lesson looking forward to the next twenty days of change for and in me!
I almost cried.
happy 090909 only once every 100 years
My hair's one color finally
Welcome back from spring break, UWC!
What are you looking forward to teaching this week?
SpriteSlamDunk was straight TRASH.
Best part of my day: : Newest addition to the foodie world.
my friends Meet Reagan Sloane Greenberg
Merging Reading Apps with Graphic Organizers and Common Coreby is one of 60 breakout sessions at
wait, so are you back?
Watching some Seinfeld.
Good stuff.
It's not Coats it's Colts!
It's not Crown it's Crayon.
It's not Jewry it's Jewelry.
I miss you!
Can we doctornk on your back porch and catch up soon?
yall lost to temple they some ass
we only doctornk the pear nectar
a reinvented throwbacks are dangerous!
My brother is so stupid!
He thinks twitter is pointless cuz ur sharing yur info.
He doesnt have one so he wudnt know
bushes aren't in style?
Happy 3 monther to my amazing girlfriend !!!!!!!!!!
I get thatminiheartattackwhen I see the boy that I told I liked him after a year.
Awkward stares, and tension always fills the air.
Thanks for recent RTs and mentions!
Its raining in Mississippi is it raining in your State too.
Not that Mississippi is my State I just like saying MISSISSIPPI
Spoke too soon, you just had to come and wake them up
isn't it gr8 how buckeye fans stick together.
more blog links coming RT : anything for Buckeye fans/bloggers!
Pole Vaulting
Tree pollen blows.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AND MANY BLESSINGS
Wuzzz up Boulder.
214 : ...
Was not easy but lost another lb this week.
This is the lowest my weight has been for over a decade.
glad i ain't see that shit lol but you can tell eric don't really try and care for dorian because he don't show dorian attenti
: say creepy things.
can see thia all on his excessive monitor
ndpl most pressing concerns for me after opening session: longterm sustainability of an ongoing dpla initiative and community engagement
you getting old
Started to REM sleep and the smoke alarm battery starts beeping.
I'll sleep when I'm dead..
The highways of Success have few Passengers.
The highways to failures are always jammed packed by those heading for failures.
Lets chill and kick it tonight got a couple cases hmu
My mom is special because she loves her Lord, husband, and childoctorn in every way.
Practically Perfect Dolly.
Happy Mother's Day.
Wake up with 20 new texts...find out they're all from Twitter.
These guys are praying Cousins beats out RGIII...
smh
And I believe that the best buy in public health today must be a combination of regular physical exercise and a healthy diet
...as we used to say: Sally, take me home, tie me up, and make me write bad checks.
;
IDK Y celebrities complain a/b paparazzi they're getting awesome family albums!
SilverLining I think so, one of thousands
After experiencing Dan Wheeler, I'm not going to get too mad about the game.
But Acta over manages like a champ sometimes.
Christmas is almost here, did you get the one you love something to smell awesome ??
visit our site for all the newest fragrances  best 
When you align consciously to your place within the Universal Grid you will experience a new level of intuition.
yes mam what do u have in mind
why hello twitter.
im sad.
i have nothing to do and i miss my mac.
darn it for being broken.
helloTiffany how are you doing today?
my nane is Bobby
SHUT UP
Just talked to on facebook!
:
One's philosophy is not best expressed in words; it is expressed in the choices one makes.
Eleanor Roosevelt
Just got my eardoctorms busted at the Whiskey Dammnn!
try a day OTHER than the one marked on the calendar.
It'd be cooler if the sidewalk lit up.
thanks for the k
4 hot freestyles in an hour.
we gon get it in
Being single and proud of it is one of the best ways a girl can prove her independence.
u ain't never lied Quest Love!
always will!
Got a lot of pride in them Beavers!
Plus not too often I run into a Beavs fan in Alaska
Feeling all sorts of good vibes after that workshop.
Thanks so much to all the funny and talented chicks and specifically to !
what's your email addoctorss?
Bring Back Ringer 6
Emergency rooms are my favorite
Anybody want 10k shares of a company that produces nothing, sells nothing, and charges nothing for their services?
Everyone was born an original, don't die a copy...
Billy from Brownsville with the amazing doll collection is here  we wish he lived closer...
Amazing insights from about managing risk in social media for big orgs.
Thank the lord for another blessed day!
Time to go study my craft!
Acting all day!
Think I have tartuffe down!
Ready.
Set.
Go!
I'm committed to bldg IA Conn.
Acad as a highly successful school for students  caps or no caps!
You have a heart shapped pool?
I used the LinkedIn share button that I added to the thank you page, which sends visitors back to the ePaper's landing page
I will.
When a girl agrees to go to a dance with a boy 4 weeks earlier and then 4 weeks later gets a boyfriend.
k
Thanks for reading!
:
I look so stupid right now
Zelda all the way!
Welcome to my colleague Melanie Booth who has just joined Twitter!
Melanie is incredibly thoughtful about social media and higher ed!
I didn't even hear anything, I'm just not a dumb fuck.
Make sure your IP is patented  Jani Byrne, IBM at
AH!
I know where you are!
Coming down now!
To do something worthwhile requires you to focus.
Focus is mostly about the things you are NOT doing.
Stop doing thingsfocus gets easier.
Lifted.
Crampy.
Curled up with erry the pillow pet missing my other half.
Goodnight.
we agree!
SM  great way to build a brand with a startup budget
now that's what I like to hear!
Good work!
Nice!!
Have you been in before?
Tired and it's past 2 a.m.
over here understandable anyways goodnight twatter xD I loge you all
Gonna start a youtube channel probably.
I have no idea how to use youtube though...maybe i can be the next RWJ.
Doubt it lol.
I wish I had
Hi !
Thanks for following!
This isnt healthy,its so dark out rn
that sounds like PERFECT weather!
E!
Ewwww....
She Bald Head
Thanks a bunch man!
:
I want a bob again now that my hair is growing smh
Baby J  at Coors Light Tejano Spring Fest 2012 at St Jude Catholic Church  W Commerce  Gen McMullen!
6 adults and 12under Free
no, i'm so stupid!
lmao whatever i tried emailing her but she never responded.
i'm just gonna talk to her after class
I'm right with you there chief.
Hate mardi gras crowds!
No peeve if your trying to stay in Car limit of Tweets!
In communications we learn Do they no what u mean?
LIKE KATHY BATES WITH THE SLEDGEHAMMER IN THAT MOVIE
He leads me beside the still waters for the purpose of restoring my soul.
We need to do what it takes  to care for our souls.
Is there video?
RT : This has been a lucky Friday the 13th.
Many happy dances done in my office today!
so wrong and so right all at the same time
There are two types of Chipotle employees, ones that scoop big and ones that are dead to me.
No food  No happiness lol
Thanks to our new followers!
, , and
Hey i noticed that to that we have the same last name thats so cool
The radio played Nsync's I want you back on the way to work this morning..
Love it
I wish To Kill A Mockingbird was on Netflix.
where and when?
I would love to go see them.
Glad to hear!
Donvan asks: why are coaches making millions.
Green says people should make what the market bears.
BestThingsAboutBeingSingle No one steals my cocaine
Anyone want to tell me who it was on Omegle?
That'd be good for the Pac12.
I'm hoping CBB can avoid Kentucky landing 5 NBA players every year.
Fortnight at Bernard's
I'm real sorry for all the cat pictures
If u need dancers, models or artist hmu
It's beautiful, Amber!
When is your wedding?
Thanks for the follow; I'm honored to connect with you.
Plus, I think ipage rocks!
I'm going to hold myself hostage in Qdoba eating yummy food while writing.
Feel free to join me if you're hungry/miss my face.
please text me back
I have no idea what their problem is.
I log into the admin and it says the Site is fine.
I put a ticket in.
1 rule for mens manicures: have your nails buffed.
No clear nail polish
Your welcome
Seven Ways to Create a Fiercely Loyal Nonprofessort Community ...
There's a clock..
It passes curfew...
Don't be weird.
You're being weird.
Aye Voxer is kind of ok guess I'll keep it
Ahh well...i was busy getting that paper main, I can afford it at regular price Ballin!
Lol
If your doctorft would have made an A, what grade is there for the polished final paper?
: Some students blow my mind.
That Paul got you tripping, shorty looks like Rupaul's doctorgstrip
HOW CAN I GIVE IT 2 U 2DAY
Dear I triple dog dare u to listen to Kiss Me while looking at the Monchele kiss pics.I just did  I'm NOT OKAY!
It should have been parking!!
Family feud question for at Brewers OnDeck other off field jobs at millerpark?
Good game!!
Tonight, some are celebrating God killing Egyptian kids.
That's messed up.
RT : You have to believe in yourself when no one else does that makes you a winner right there.
Venus Williams
Did you ever think Austin's love quotes, songs and everything were about his Mahomies, not Taylor?
House not selling?
We lease and buy houses, any area, any price!
LOVE LOVE LOVE both of them :D xoxogno
is watching the black and gold playing while sporting my new black and gold jewelry collection.
Check out the new photos
Uncle Floyd, what sushi places do you know of that are open late?
And don't say Pachinko Parlor.
That place is balls.
Thnx!
You get people to save very well but invest suboptimally.
Index funds outperform all activelymanaged funds over the longterm.
Tonight feels like one of those nights when you just want to enjoy a great beer and sit by the fireplace.
We have that all covered.
Join us!
yeaa yeaa lol and i guess we could make it : where at?
NFL Season Starts This week!!
Fantasy Football Time!
They help but don't read to me.
I'm excited , I'm upset , I'm happy , I'm scared , I'm worried ,but mostly I'M BORED 
I want to know what love is!!!!!
Hey thanks!
Enjoy it :
But when I'm done crying I'm done with this who are u
Playing in West Hollywood at the famous Whisky a Go Go a week from Friday!
If you live in the area, be sure to come check my band out!
9/23
primaryschoolmemories first crushes :p
Ew..Robert P.
Looks more uglier now
Thank you for including as one of your favorite things!
Merry Christmas!
Classic!
Is there a Lego food court on the first floor as well?
you can be addicted to a certain kind of sadness.
Fire burns First National Bank in Altavista
your mom has a sweet bank roll though :p
R.I.P STEVE JOBS!
U where an ICON in this World,  we thank U for your amazing Breakthrough in Computer Technology since the 80's!
I am pretty sure you can o this through the full site.
I recall blocking Mafia Wars, Farmville, etc
thank you!
come to my house im bored
Finished WONDER and am so full of that bighearted book.
Love that WONDER!
Thanks for lunch!
If you brought the Sabich sandwich to Mobile, I would come by all the time.
It's my favorite!
You might end up needing a course of antibiotics.
I don't get it.
I thought there was already a Spiderman movie?
wtf?
Will be talking books tomorrow at 11am on with chapter and Kevin Griffith  tune in or stream!
umm do u have a FB fan page?
jus making sure cuz sum1made fan page of u and asked for a nick name?
is that u?
not really.
More like, I don't like the fans tweeting the boys nasty comments and such.
In Harbor Club waiting room, 3 of us all on phones or kindles, Brewers game on...what did people do before these things, talk to each other?
Sometimes things are much more simpler, than they are complicated and others are complicated because we fail to see simplicity in execution
everytime i step out of the damn bed someone telling to stay in bed wtf !
i just followed TheBieberPeru can you DM justin bieber ?
You did brill.
Even though you didn't win I'm still going to support you.
Come to your concerts, buy your songs etc....
It is so sad.
It is such a good program and students really love it.
doubt that!
Who do I talk to for that?
AND THIS MORNING, right before I opened the library, one flew in the window, RIGHT AT ME.
If you aren't willing to run off the cliff, you'll never fly.
good morning
Tis better for them to think you don't know what's up when you do, instead of them to think you do when you really don't.
Don't Stop the Music!
via
Most times, I can't stand by family.
They have brought me more pain and grief than anyone else.
WHO ARE YOU
And now its nearly impossible to get tickets without paying a Kajillion bucks, and we went for like 80.
I feel so blessed!
Yes I have a flyer version of the tournament.
email me at udbowling.com and I will send it to you.
Thanks so much!
o.O you called me baby?
no he got a bat man hairline it aint as bad as gerald henderson
it's all good.
Just figured you'd want to know before something funny came up
After yrs of being nice 2 idiots  taking them step/by/step holding their adult baby hands; showing them their stupidity, they perpetuate it
His boyfriend couldn't get a boner RT : Really disappointing 
Where the hell is my life going?
All Day EveryDay !
You too Sheri!!
Cantwell gets in team fight with La Salle, both are disqualified from playoffs.
Verb is IN as the 4th place team.call durk
Happy Birthday to My favorite Cousin..
Wish I was there to help you enjoy your day Love you cousin
FEELS GOOD 2 KNOW THAT I HAVE BEEN PART OF MYWORLDTOUR !!
I LOVE YOU THANKS SO MUCH  Follow me please .
NEVERSAYNEVER ILY
The small part of ignorance that we arrange and classify we give the name of knowledge.Ambrose Bierce
nowlistening to the one that got away!
3 ;
Wisdom has two parts: having a lot to say, and knowing when not to say it.
Are u feeling good 
Hey How u Dewwin??
Yes I do..
He's Always on my mind..
D
lol in return??
We are getting ready to do a big Summer Camp mailing!Want us to send a post card to your studio?
Send us a message with the addoctorss!
Wow  just heard about Josh Hamilton's night.
Wow.
I always joke I have the bladder of a pregnant woman.
BearDown RT : With the 245th pick, the Browns select Arizona CB Trevin Wade
Jealous of people having afternoon mojitos.
live your doctorams!
!!
Hey Brah Congrats on the movie gig!
RT :Great seeing at the event 2day!
Watching great football.
I was support to go to bed four hours ago,I've been up watching old x factor auditions.
Great.
LSCON education trains us to find 1 homogenous solution, but where do we teach creativity?
After the AP mock exam, today already feels productive.
Thank you!
Make a different in someone life.
Finished 10th out of 155 players.
11.
Pregame...
Start new job Monday / Brewer outing on Tuesday!
/ expectations high.
I'm at the picnic table, orange shirt  someone claimed it though!
RT : where you at?
I want the
hey thx!
Are galleys out yet?
Tx for ur RT about this morning's DesignBizChat 10 am ET  all abt Collaborationhow 2 create it, dos/don'ts, benefits/downsides
Fishin with the crew.
RT : woo hoo!
got accepted to attend in June.
Looking forward to interesting sessions and good conversations.
Man, what's up with Baylor this year?
All of a sudden they're winning in all sports.
Its a sign of the apocalypse?
Damn you.
Beer sounds so rewarding right now.
Trade show?
Twitter DEAD  Instagram LIVE ...
Going to mow my lawn...
I really need to hire a service.
nigga dnt follow me on twitter...dnt follow me to the shop...to the katt williams show...or to church...nigga
WHAT ARE YOU DOING GET BACK TO WORK!
Kevin Hart
3WordsForYou Don't compare me
Can't get enough football?
Watch your favorite players in the ProBowl and treat yourself to our Pick 2 for 10 menu at Fridays!
So is ready to rock, lets get some!
License to sleep my face off  GRANTED.
I just said that aloud in my movie trailer dude voice.
islearning Java and the Andoctorid API.
to have a taste test, I need at least two ;
All of the members of Crosby, Stills, Nash, and Young.
Bob Mould.
That was just um how can I say it......
DUMMMBBBBBBB
We live in interesting times
Penn St is taking heat by everyone on Twitter.
No comment today from JoePa?
Will definitely make matters worse
Nominated for a Young Artist Award for Tommy in HOP Do the Fight Thing.
Going to LA Sat for the awards.
Sorry wrong email
We've never been, either.
Come Friday if you come, though  that's when we're speaking.
BlueRock was shooting 2 shoots this Weekend.
No matter the time we will get the job done.
send me one in a package and make sure to put breathing holes in the box 4 em haha and a big pink polka dot bow!
: thx
Finished up the last VCE event in PA.
Thanks to all for showing up.
Eat dinner at home, tuck the kids in and then off to the airport.
The weekend needs to hurry up!
Sometimes you have to watch your doctorams slip out of your fingers and into someone else's hands.
Guess it's time for a new doctoram...
styluses ARE lame.
Try finger painting 101.
unless youre an art history major no one gives a fuck...basically theyre just trying to screw the people that dont care
It does a body good...
Haha!
Seriously Fangirling read them!
Ah!
Using skriisrn g spent.
No words!!!
Starting on my hw so tomm.
I can possibly go somewhere
It's a beautiful night in Jersey City.
Brown has 10 Ks against a tough Mayo lineup
I know!
Hence, I'm really glad you are talking!!
D wish I could be there.
Welcome, Hormonella and thanks for the follow back!
X
Music tonight from singersongwriter Kaylee Losawyer!
DA News Conference at today at 11 re: spice and bath salts.
A doctor will be on hand to answer Qs.
Media credential required.
Calling back a surprise actress for the role of RIVR in Knock.
JO
We carry major brands of furniture, appliances and electronics, including Whirlpool, Ashley Furniture, Dell, Sony, LG and so much more!
Can anyone recommend an iPhone armband for running?
I'm tryin to get my fitness on.
PSYCHO T PSYCHO CHEST BUMP
What do you do when something can't possibly be any more awesome?
You light it on fire and watch it burn.
LOL!!
how do you guys do it.
Broses.
Ride and stuff tonight?
Wait, are you saying this dynasty league has IDPs?
yeah, they can come like that.
I make the V Necks lol.
Were u close to Casey as Paris was, sorry 4 the lost.
Congratulations to all the 2012 Graduates.
I LOVE ABITA BEER!
Had it at Mardi Gras a few years ago..
The passing of MCA has got me finally listening to the new BeastieBoys album.
Really great stuff MCA  Co!
Today is my sister's prom!
I'm meeting her in hour to watch her get hair  makeup.
I'm so excited for her!
:
GET AUSTIN MAHONE VERIFIED
Heading to Shreveport to help judge student presentations.
Always inspired by those working hard to get into advertising.
Hey, Lady!
It goes well.
Work is keeping me busy.
Loving the weather today!
How are you?
just downloaded :
CANT WAIT TO GRADUATE !!!!
ok cool!
Makes more sense when you sing it.
Appreciate that!
Awesome job on The Late Show brotha man
i dont got one yet but when i have one ill follow
5 minutes away from Americas Now.
Meet Cuba's 90 year prima ballerina, Mennonites in Brazil and a special literacy program in Haiti.
Good morning!
Working on BBTOP2, BELT3, UNIT2, DAB4 and more revisions!
Being single is awesome yet depressing all at the same time
Yummy tastings happening NOW at !
He's previewing his new lunch menu!
Stop by for free tastings!
A Beautiful Mind easily just made my top 5 list.
Ah , just what I needed , A strawberry shake 3 :
New bootcamp: members of the network will be offering a What's Your Game Plan?
workshop at THATCamp Games!
It's nearly time!
Have you signed your kid up for a summer of FUN???
www.nmjazz.org
Just Shut The FCK UP...Just your RWNJ base is buyin' your LIES!
Now, about That JohnDoe...
:O
in other injury news, i know Amare has to be playing through some crazy pain with those stitches.
everybody clowned him but he's doin it
followed me!!!
please...
:D
!
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
The Beatles 3
I keep trying to go take a nap, but get distracted with contests, youtube videos and articles....
darn you internets!
I kno I can make any nigga fall in love wit me lol bet money.
Jus by bein the realest  as I shudd
Squamous cell carcinoma is a form of lung cancer that begins in?
Who's all watching tonight's fight on FOX?
Any predictions?
I'm predicting win for for Cain...
: For law enforcement, consumer protection  personal freedom, let's markup HR2366, the bipartisan Online Poker Act please!
you were right you were right you were right you were right you were right you were right you were right.
RT if I am NOT following you so I can follow you, must be following my friend  2
I never get tired of listening to Man Overboard's album Real Talk.
I found unconditional love....my new granddaughter, Rielle Marie

Think I mite wear shorts 4 graduation
...and I thought I was the only one who hated these awful jerseys.
Getting very excited for the Monument Lighting!
Come by the Owl Bar  13th Floor before or after to warm up and enjoy a bevy!
Correct Answer: International Amphitheatre Trivia starts at 6pm.
With him 3
night tweeters and wat tf is twitter jail
trying to get sponsorship info ....
yes!
I'm posting a few covers on YouTube soon when I get a channel!
baby come on.
All big cities are selfconscious and demanding of our attention; they need us in order to figure out what they should be, just as we ne ...
Chispa Marketing is one of the sponsors for The Womens Success Summit V.
Do you want your business to be a sponsor?...
I don't even usually listen to Maroon 5, but Payphone is like SO RIDICULOUSLY GOOD.
It's been in my head nonstop.
no thanks ;
Oh how the good times were when people could just put thoughts feeling and ideas on here.
I like how you've been working on your grammar but you can't use punctuation in hashtags haha
Perfect for Friday's Opening M's Game  wonder how many tweets he'll get Just tweet Kevin Zelko for your beer order
Got my tix to the DCADDYS.
So excited!
Rob Wilson is on twitter, get at him
My morning commute isn't complete if I don't hear both Goyte and Fun at least once.
Bonus points for Foster The People.
Get educated RIGHT NOW on how Energy Deregulation in making people RICH.
Looking to help 10 ppl make 6Figures in a yr 16463979817
Hey Nashville friends: I have a show tonight at hotel indigo 9 pm!
Free!
Would love to see you!:
1:06:29 of while doing homework.
I'll love this CD forever.
Saying 'no' even before someone finishes their question.
I'll pass that on.
Hope ur mum has a great one too!
Protesters streaming to Capitol for fourth Saturday of protests.
Backups at parking garages near Square.
Yes, she can definitely be fickle...
I've definitely been there as well.
i know and they're on tv how do they not care that all of america knows they're prosititues??
NSAC: What I do know is that I have a positive test in front of me.
I don't know if Overeem's team has given a persuasive presentation.
Won't be around much for the next week.
I'm heading to Turkey tomorrow morning.
I love being out of state with my team!
i miss you danni :
Teague is nice.
should invite me to his 18th birthday party.
the things that run through my mind
It's a beautiful day for the first day of Farmers Market!
Our Valentine's Menu will be on our website later today.
Fabulous flavors with fresh fruit and beautiful designs.
Already taking orders.
Okay im sleepy , goodnight.
Still, no one is as good as misterGriffin
Fuck You, Pay Me!
Im done being sad over you.
I have enough stress without you adding to it and I wont let you be the reason for my tears.
Impossible doesn't exist.
Austin has a sexy radio voice.
3
Wanna send a last S/O to all the mother's in the world.
I truely hope all u ladies had a wonderful day, u deserved every second of it.
I got respect for both teams, but I gotta go with the
Greatness.
RT Michael Jordan's flu game: 38 points, 7 rebounds, 5 assists, 3 steals, W
Glad you remembered you had them.
cc
I like how you've been tweeting back, but haven't answered my text messages.
Too many forms of communication.
As soon as possible.
I'm bored.
I haven't had much weed.
McDonaldsSchoolHome
Who is responsible when the active park assist hits something?
The car maker?
I wouldn't be, THE CAR DID IT!
Wondering why you didn't get a response.
Then realizing you never sent the text.
Still cannot believe it.
Cripe!
Same to you, ladies!
Enjoy your day!
Unfortunately, internet authority is from having one of the top two slots on Google.
A reputable brand isn't enough.
is it different from regular twitter?
Whyy do I still not understand twitter!!!
Lol ugh fml
Need to jump start a health kick?
Try our Tomato Vesper  mister McGregor's Garden  made with muddled heirloom radish!
not lying lol
Bored and tired
Since You Only Live Once , use your life the right way and be YOU and no one else: God gave you life and he can take it back too.
Classical music develops EVERY human capacity: from most physical to highest intellect/spiritual challenges!
SWEET pic!
Thanks for sharing!
6 more wks of this weather?
Done!
: A terrifying shadow  6 more wks of winter!...We havent even had winter yet.
Why am I so addicted to Call me Maybe.
..
We learned that economic growth and environmental protection can and should go hand in hand.
I love
The problem with people is they wish they didn't have problems and when they meet someone who's blessed they think they don't have problems!
nwill2011  usability testing opens our eyes to the user experience
Kobe's shot 
What's up prophyte?!
Just trying to make it mayne!
Really interesting look into the world of preppers from in today's Buffalo News.
good luck in whatever it is
The one number you need for all your business telecoms requirements: 0844 880 2010
where's the queen of Okc?
: yea yea
Hello how all is well
Artists!
Win 2 tickets to the WPA Gala!
Best tweet on Why I love WPA before Friday noon wins!
Use wpadc to show us what you got!
thanks for whooping me
I may be as skinny as you want me to be but hey it's my life not yours.
Focus on your own shit.
K thanks.
Not exactly a shock given Abrom.'s history.
Let the naming games begin.
hahahah that'd be awesome.
Lush has cute little soaps and such 
Want to get fit??
Boxers are among the most conditioned athletes in the world.
it was a pleasure meeting you tonight!
My mouth will eithr cause me my funeral or bring forth life.
Life and death IS in the power if the tongue.
If I ever fall in love.
Crying doesn't indicate that you're weak.
Sometimes, it just means that you've been strong for too long.
ti all my Seahawks..
good job on second straight win..
12th got you guys..
dang!!!!
Lol shoot I'm getting skinny!
Not fast enough tho help a ninja out!
Miss you too!!
I do miss VYT.
I don't miss tech week, however.
We have officially broke our record for the  of site visits in a day, again.
Second time this month.
Thanks BBN!
Sugar Shane had 2 give up his 3 Title Belts in the divorce settlement along w/ half of the AMX Points?
what the heezy?!?!?!
to become diamond at sc2 jk.
why so deepious.
Home from work and first thing I see are the missed FTs and loss from the Heat.
I HATE EVERYBODY
The American doctoram is NOT a handout!
hung ill beat everybody he battled except dinnininon...even Hitman.
AND....the nigga had CRAZY performances.
Goods takes L's
: i'm in need of some stress relief MAJOR.
would this be a good option?!
Thanks bar staff for the lesson in fernet and vermouth.
I'm out of things to do at work.
Awesome.
At any time in space you may come across bags of astronaut urine, feces, waste.
Jettisoned maybe 50 years ago.
I'll have what ur having!!!!!!
You da man!!
it also brought your occupy friends out of McPherson square to come protest us.
i got to go amanda see ya tomorow ok.bye
When you see a teacher in the students bathroom.
Got there  he was maje awkward.
Prob partly me too.
Gist of it: let him remain flirtless.
I had a good time conversing w other fun gents.
this is so clearly SOULMATES!
How is that not obvious?
;
in reality its you that i really want ,but sadly he's the one i need 
Read it with an open mind lol
rugby time with
Join us for This is Not a Book Club on Feb.
21st at 4pm at the Main Library.
Activities for ages 811.
Preregister online or at 2824607.
The ViSalus Body by Vi Challenge has helped thousands of people achieve their personal health and fitness goals.
RT COME ON BULLS
Don't put off living to next week, next month, next year or next decade.
The only time you're ever living is in this moment.
and when you talk, everybody stops, 'cause they know you know just what to say yeahh
Active Care is proud to announce our new weightloss program.
Find us today or call us 847.749.076 to set up an appointment!
And it's obnoxious how we believe the world does  or should  run on either Eastern or Pacific time.
oh I thought it was a fancy Naples film reference I didn't get.
Good to know I'm not the only one thinking about food.
Porter Robinson tonight Hmu for guest list!
You won't want to miss this!
Arguably the best to wear it.
RT : I hope its not, but If what I heard is true, SC needs to retire 55 forever.
You mean like: Accounts and descriptions may not be distributed without the express written permission of Major League Baseball.
?
Kicking my morning coffee habit for the next few weeks...Already yawned about 794 times.
My short story EVP is being published in a literary magazine.
Progress!
You know it's going to be super cold tonight, and it's only going to get worse...just saying, who doesn't like to be warm???
Who shall get pushed?!
Hungry?
Follow us for some great deals on great bites throughout the congress center this week.
Whether to count RTs depends on your purpose.
RTs and the choice of which to RT is still an expression of sorts.
How is your tour been going for you.I hope it is going great and i wish you the best.your amazayn and dont for get it
National TV love for 49ers and Raiders in 201213 NFL season
you just jinxed yourself.
Light rain coming your way, but emphasis on LIGHT.
Especially compared to yesterday!
Thanks for the info!
Have a great day!
double OT ugh
that was fun!
thanks to Nancy Coplin and for having me at the ABIA.
now off to pack for NM tour!
I'm such a nerd!!
yay!
Yes and we are footie fans!
Love the pics!
Did you actually take them?
It's that time of the week again...swing dance!
We will see you at 8 tonight!
Katia, where she's going and why the East Coast could see a repeat wp.me/PBNDCPU
For someone who doctorsses like a ragamuffin, I spend an inordinate amount of time doctorss shopping.
I'm thinkin' lately I can't have relationships ;cos lately they're not making any sense...
It was good to see you at the game bro
Mayor: no cuts from local funds to homeless services.
Without replacing fed , many will be homeless.
I turned spell check off so I'm most likely spelling everything wrong.
Oh well, oh well.
I truly wish people would grow the fuck up and help take care of their childoctorn.
Remember in the morning.?
lol.!
thing in 2009, but Jose Molina started for AJ Burnett in Game 2 and 5 of the ALCS.
Girardi needs an attitude check.
Don't yell at the media
aww you mean the 14 y/o's dominating the popular page wasn't enough?
Niall is obsessed with Barack Obama.
He knows everything about him.
Discover Human Rights in the lower grandstand  test your knowledge and win a prize!
I'm so blessed to have my Babygirl.
I know she loves me unconditionally!
Awesome!
Go get 'em!
Marc Anthony on repeat!!
another day in life of 1person biz owner: why can't shipping depmt get 100 orders right, not 99, or 97, are there any out there that do?
Ky.
death toll from tornadoes rises to 19; more than 35 dead nationwide
thank you!
The mini will rebroadcast tomorrow night in place of Sportslocker.
Did you run??
great!
Do you live there?
This season has been thoroughly enjoyable.
Thanks to I got to see all the shows.
Can't wait for next season!
Hi Jenn.
Thanks for the follow.
Nice to have someone in the industry in my Twitter stream!
Doing work.
Shit don't ever turn out right ..
you know I don't do that
L'Shanah Tovah to all our friends celebrating Rosh Hashanah.
Many years to all of you.
ugh!
beter have your ipod charged!
im so scared, that now everytime my cat looks into space, i feel like its there.
Thank you,  for the RT's!
: Much obliged!
Walking behind the ghetto Indians
Okay, okay!
I dedicate it to Berni and her hair!
lol
: Single Taken  Dick too big, might kill somebody.
I'm there, where will it be held?
Whenever I see your name I can't help but smile
HowAboutWe doctornk until we die?
:o
Looking forward to my first seminar of the year tonight upstairs at
I vow to smash dis shit!!!
Today is one of the first Saturdays that actually feels like one.
doctorving me crazy lol
Just a reminder to join us at the golf show March 9th11th.
Come by and say hi and see what's new for 2012!
Thanks and have a great day!
Good point!
But I hate unformatted / unchanged Tweets on FB :
remember doctorving for 2hrs looking for a hotel in PA?
Same thing today!!!
Natural Gas instead of Harleys though
Hahaha ...
I wish y'all could see Barack right now!!!
He is HAMMERED!!!!!
No, he's not a lightweight, he's just been doctornking since 3 p.m!!
Enjoying my DVR...
Go back to when is trying to open the car door.
lmao
which beach?
I'm in NC too
Praise baby Jesus for this day of Friday.
Bring on the weekend aka my sleep coma.
I haven't received email notifications since April 28.
All of my notifications settings are on Pls troubleshootThanks
How many of you Mahomies are gonna be seeing under your Christmas tree this year?!
;
Will I see you at Jobtini event today?
I just called Citrus Restaurant.
A lady told me this event is cancelled.
;
if I know what warter was..
Nice picks, got Wooster over Witt though.
Other than that same.
thank you :
It ain't none of yo friends business...
thanks for joining us, happy to have you aboard!
We have the highest quality healthcare on the planet, if you're rich enough to pay for it.
No Money?
Tuff luck sucka
What did the pimp say to the blond girl with 2 black eyes??????
Whats the Brewers in game text the booth number?
Hanging out with good people leads to good things.
Thank you for the porch time
Most of us spend our lives as if we had another one in the bank.
Ben Irwin
everyone is goid  sleep.
Kuds are ready for Easter.
How us yours
Heard a rumor Mallick was jealous Hellman directed doppelgangers of himself and Kubrick, but not Mallick.
Any truth?
Whatever women do they must do twice as well as men to be thought half as good.
Luckily, this is not difficult.Charlotte Whitton
Going to a 1D concert this year for sure.
Obviously he should hire me to tweet for him.
I had a mini heart attack when I saw Austin's new pictures
Where do you find inspiration for your tattoos?
It's okay!
We will protect you!
Now Adele is dead?
can I have Super Bowl tickets?
I've lost my grandmother and my favorite pop star in a week!
My brother's dog just ate my senior high school year book.
I just want to make huge pit of fire in my backyard and throw people in it.
Vip at this and billionaire boys party..
Sweet
worst migraine today for me too, must be the copious amounts of coffeesundehydoctortion
Philly is just so beautiful today!
I'm going back to sleep, good night losers 3
u have ur best birthday yet, and of course many more to come.
Bless ur Family
good point.
the witch???
wtf did she say
Extremely proud of my wife for her brilliant interpretation of Mozart's Sinfonia Concertante tonight.
Awesome!
Excited to see you there :D
Boyz over everything
why doesnt anyone believe he did NOTHING!
show some support for him..
this is where HIS beliebers come in.
lovelovelove3
do raquel suck?
unions raise all wages ...
Take your Kochfunded bullsht elsewhere
good luck!
anything we can do to help?
The most dangerous leadership myth is that leaders are born.
That's nonsense.
Leaders are made rather than born.
Here I am writing a report but feeling EndofFridayish when my friends invite me to the intriguingly named 'Goosetown Tavern' ...
Dave Matthews seriously makes my day.
I'm here so I'll see you soon!
we're cute.
naps are never bad
Timbers come back from down a goal to win for 1st time
Happy Late Bday!
Hope you got some email addoctorsses!
gud look s/o
oh no why
I read my 22yearold daughter the tale of Andoctors Andoctors at www.exalley.com.
She wanted the link.I shared it....Now I'm quaking in my boots
Hearing boyfriend on the radio outside and running downstairs and into the backyard like your life depends on it
what it does homie
why is there a crisis in greece at exactly the same time my parents vacay there?
spooky
I need to change my user name to Oh Miss!
: your dumb you're
I believe the interior is just fine for GM if you wanna be massaged go to a spa or buy a rolls royce
Vince Young signs with Buffalo
Law am jigsaw an
A civilian Sheriff who is NOT a cop is committed to public safety/smart law enforcement, not only to old boys' special interest groups.
happy earth day!
getting my free coffee at theBuck
sorry I never called Saturday!
I was in bed before 12.
look at my instagram!
I am so sorry dude!
Put my foot in my mouth again trying to be funny :
I hate all of you
: edle you don't even knowww
Move your brightest/most energetic stds around the classroom to provide a catalytic effect for their classmates  a bit of rubbing off.
i know haha
Scene from outside ABCD in BedStuy.
Parents are gearing up to confront DOE on school's possible closing at meeting tonight.
RT : It's the National Day on Writing  share whyiwrite with  or, , at the Writing Center...
I appreciate art and know plenty of artists, but don't sell or buy art.
Mostly don't buy due to lack of funds.
:/
Running scared is on such a great movie
got the NEW MAX WEBER: COLLECTED METHODOLOGICAL WRITINGS WOO!!!!!!
so psyched!
ok I feel better now
For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world..
Why does everything love related now a days seem so depressing..........
i guess it's cause they don't have tumblr in their lives...
I usually like to use the couch or the carpet as my napkin
Very grateful for the follow back from They're a lifelong inspiration.
So i thought it would be sweet every TREND ME
also, something trying to be folk art in that way he attempts to, cannot be folk art.
Folk art just isthere is no try.
Jus got off work.
Gotta go get my laptop.
Do laundoctor.
Go grocery shopping.
Cook.
Clean my room.
do my homework..
this is too much!!!!!!
Why are they saying CSU is the top university in Cleveland?
Tell them they're wrong.
Come on, Tom, tell 'em!!
They just want to mess around and forget bout peeps but I'm more than that.
I aint that easy.
I will be sharing tools  resources from The History Lab at NCSS12.
Looking forward to seeing everyone in Seattle.
Tonight  Temptation Thursday with DJ's AI  JRoc  Lotus Nightclub  ABQ's Best Danceclub
that's fantastic!
It means a lot to hear that :
off to london tomorrow for a week.
At the airport right now feeling super tired...
Recently featured: Nothing to My Name  Robert Peake the elder  Canadian heraldoctor
: In love with 's tweets to right now.
Ya jack luv meh
I'm hoping that Humber is enjoying this newlyfounded media attention
I know many people really liked him : Terry, that story is sad, bizarre  hard to understanddoctor Greenspan was my doctor
Lmao RT : if you're a girl and don't have one pic with at least 50 likes on instagram you ugly lmao
Chest pain so bad had to go to the doctors but so busy had to leave to open my store.
Girls who always write loveydovey things on their boyfriends' Facebook walls are like cats that piss on everything.
Says he was going to hit guys as hard as possible anyway so bounties didn't matter.
It's still wrong Darren c'mon
Policy is often doctorven by the power of a good story.
But there's also data.
And farmers need to be equal partners.
David Wallinga
: Walking to chas's house half doctorssed .as you would say YOLO lol
Happy Friday!
Life is so sweet make, the most of it and don't worry about the rest of it 
Happy National Tourism Week!!!
I've been in this industry for 22 years in some aspect or another and love it!
well shoot!
Lol ; how's Sunday look?
ask Jimmy about Janice Joplin
When I 'm with you, it's like nothing else in the world matters : I get butterflies just thinking about you babe:
have a professorund day!
I'm still laughing.
:oD
WELL UMMA TRY
My 9yo: If there was a Barbie that looked just like her, I would buy it and play with it every day!
URSO beautiful  tlnted
HOLY MOTHER SWEETCHEEKS KSMSJXIIEBSBXJODBSBSBJD MOTHA OF SJXJHSVSHXJSICJDIS!
THE BOYS SHARING OUR AIR IN ONE WEEK AGAIN!!!!!
Dave from on today from 11noon!
Let's hear what they're bring to this show June 2nd!
Mom:Aww your so cute.
Whatcha doing?
Wanna go outside?
Me:Mom, the dog can't understand you...
double you tee eff?
Loaded Slate is filming a promotional video today at 1:30.
Show up for shoot and Enjoy 1/2 off food and doctornks from 2pm til shoot ends.
Thanks!
Want to buy an enormous bedoctorom set????
And a bunch of highquality IKEA furniture?
what a great hour!
Thank you!
Congrats to new CBJ head coach Toddoctorchards
Will Batman blow it out of the water?
can we take a two point shot no need to keep shooting 3..but I still have faith we will win!
go cuse!
sometimes...
It depends on what is...
Usually my tweets aren't all that professorund at all.
Indeed : RT : .
An excellent group there.
I LOVE YOU!!!
AND I'M COMING TO SEE YOU THURSDAY!!!
lol.
I shop at Walmart!
haha!
RT : If you can doctoram it, you can do it.
Walt Disney 
People give up on love because they expect it to be easy and perfect love is hard it hurts but its all worth it when u find the right person
Gonna do black nails 2day : a little tiger design on my ring fingers.
Black toe nails.
SURF Report: 5/11/11 Pacific Beach 23 ft  knee to chest high FAIR CONDITIONS WATER TEMP: 63F
i got way to many blues for anymore bad news.
gosh, doesn't that just push all of your wrong buttons?
I cant live without you baby oh wait!
I forgot!
Youre not oxygen!
What software do you use to keep manage information you find online?
Looking for a few good suggestions to explore.
Just clipped an entire web page to Evernote.
, you rule.
Shouts out to for following me and
I wonder where KimboSlice is at right now?
I was patrolling a PachinkoNude noodle model parlor in the Nefarious zone
Me: oh lord, Sydney, you kill me.
Sydney: You're not dead..
Haha love that little girl!
:
Duck and cover!
Learn Bodybuilding with Elite Personal Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
Cheney worked his whole life so that only the rich could afford the type of surgery we paid for him to get.
Should come out of his pocket.
Nice point.....Where is it from?
Off hand it looks like an Eared Yadkin......
Lead the way on this one
while texting!
Sounds safe
FF thx4following  have a green weekend!
yeaa I'm down
Interesting decor and good food at reasonable price!
Where 917 Cathedoctorl St Baltimore in Mt.Vernon

RT  FAV so I could follow you
Oops!
My bad!
Have an awesome day Nia!
Thanks Charles
At a fancy resturant  looking like a bum.
YOLO ..
it better be!
They are slowly but surely losing me.
Bring on Emily!
at tedxsoma.
playing some douché Chris Anderson video
wow thats mean.
The human alone is endowed with the subtleintellect which can contemplate and penetrate into the unknown Reality...
Tomorrow will be better.
Goodies makes the boys jump on it.!
Uh oh.
He may be reading what we all wrote in his card.
I was thinking more like 2am or 3am lol.
One of those legendary games that you tell your kids about.
Oh well...
Crazy weekend approachingshow, shoot, and rehearsals for another show...
I guess I should still display proper Twitter Etiquette and thank you for the mention ;
I know!
If you are ever looking for help tasting in Cleveland, I'd be happy to volunteer :
This little guy needs lots of love to fight cancer at 3 months old ff 
He is a part of such a great all around offense, makes it easier on McCoy playing with Vick...definitely awesome though!
All the n64 games.
All of them.
say slick one more time
RT : heading back to the city..
Where you coming from.
You guys.
I think we all know that the way to StopSOPA is Mark Wahlberg.
I MISS YOU TO.
COME BACK TO ME MEOW!
NOBODY UNDERSTANDS THE CRISTINA SIGN HERE!
I have so much to tell you !!!!!!!
My feet hurt and I'm hungry, but I'm having for brunch :
Eddie Johnson traded from Montreal to Seattle for Neagle and Fucito.
Hello Albuquerque and World.
We are open for Auctions Business.
We look forward to tweeting about what we have to offer.
Come see us!
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
I laid up for hours in a daze
3 you manage to sound educated and vulgar at the same time : click follow it'll make me happy
Why are you lying to sell books and Marilyn media??
More exploitation for a piece of the pie.
It's been done!
Met Shane from today.
How many people would like to see them play 's benefit show in october?
KC Star headline: How many NFL deaths can fans take?
I'd guess quite a few.
Many upset today will be on the couch on Sundays this fall.
Cannot.
Fucking.
Believe what is happening in the UK.
Arrests instead of free speech and now Geert Wilders banned.
It just gets worse daily
Wine Word of the Week: Foxydistinctive taste of the grapes  wine of some American vines especially Vitis labrusca and some of its hybrids
Where in the world is Carmen San Diego
I miss the way we used to be , when we d talk for 5 hours every night , I miss the way we hugged  kissed , I miss us , in general ..
/3 /:
: oh but there is and its name is Durantula!
the most swag of any other Jeremy Lin can hop off
right now?
: I just lost tic tac toe to a 7 year old .
Twice .
Lol wtf just say you let him win, then its not that bad lol
FANTABULOSO TONIGHT!
I feel like I'm gonna have a baby.
let's git 'er done!
me and elle wanna know why every person who walks in starbucks is weird looking or doctorssed stupid.
Lol
where did you guys get your shirts?
.
Sad to see you go.
You'll now be living in a tepid world of Theo Epstein twitter pretenders who aren't half the fake man I am.
Measured my hair again, 31 inches.
Thanks for the followers everyboddyyy!!!
would like to wish everyone a WONDERFUL HOLIDAY!!!
I am the biggest idiot
they are the best!
Agreed.
Isn't harmless fun and laughs the real reason we're here anyways?
sschat, love it for project based learning.
It also works great to have students compare sources and develop the ability to evaluate.
Buck loves Patton.
Has much more confidence in him than I do, or than the numbers indicate.
What will you do once that baby Jesus inside of you is ready to become visible to the world?
Push through the pain or abort the promise...?
Due to holidays overseas, Studio Visit Fall Edition, arrival has been delayed until late November / Early December.
Being at weightwatchers all day makes me excited to be alive!
Loving my job is prob the greatest gift karma could've granted me!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GIRL!
Wonder who the Mavs are going to be blame for their failures now...
Yup that was weird...
RT Did Harrington just kiss Penny Marshall?
Wth
I need to go get that Nike tank top asap
Excited to see the new changes to TNA when you reveal them and your decisions as General Manager!
Can I get a retweet?
omg  I am so hungry!!
Thats what I get for exercising
check out my blogs at fishandthesauce.blogspot.com
Heard a rumor that could be the next bachelor...
AWESOME.
Never thought I would say, I cant wait for The Bachelor to start!
Today is just one of those days were everything and everyone pisses me of 
So glad I skated ALL day
Attendees: please log into your accounts and indicate shirt size  food prefs by the end of day on Monday 1/9.
See you all in two weeks!
Thank you for walking into my life.
You have really inspired me and 140 characters can not explain enough love i have for u!3
I'm available!
Bring your sketchbook, camera or journal tomorrow at noon to anhkc event A Day in the Art of.
An event to help rediscover and explore KC
For production inquiries:
YouKnowWhatsAnnoying; The fact that you aren't texting me right now..
I couldn't imagine any other world without a perfect God!
I wonder how many games have copied Tetris?
how sweet.
Will do!
Thanks!
Follow me and I will follow you back!!
I love my body and dick!!:
i'm here wit lexi being bored and a noobie at twitter??????
you're so pretty!!
Glee can you not make a perfect couple that makes me want to cry, because that stuff only happens on TV..
If you know someone is already taken, please respect their relationship.
Don't be the reason they end up single.
There ain't nothing soft about my game.
Who can help me find a job
She no longer needs you.
And in her eyes you see nothing  no sign of love behind the tears cried for no one.
::the beatles::for no one::
I want my shirt so you know where my advice goes haha
You around thru next week?
Would be great to catch up.
you must meet our social lead on site:
The coolest episode of House is on
so much for being thoughtful
ugh...Pinterest off the bat...i'm going to get something to doctornk..
i was about 2 say
Do I CARE??
Against all odds the evil overlord Sarki has been vanquished by...the Fravengers!
Sucks for the ap worlders lol
Richard Branson you have not achieved success at success at success.
You can do so much better.
The challenge is learning to become aware of your gut instincts, and then to trust them.
What are some gut decisions you've made?
umm idk when do you get out of school :
Really looking forward to sharing the stage with Rees Finley and Alex Pachino at Tommy's Place next Saturday!
3/24
No problem we always follow back we just haven't been on this account we usually use our personal :
Wed 6/22 Mark Towns Solo Latin Jazz Guitar  Tasting Room 710pm
Yay, more frequent flyer miles.
Boo, more flights.
Folks support Democrats on the issues  just don't believe we have delivered.
GOP work to see Govt fail  if it worked, they would be sunk
doctornk specials sound great!
Go Bucky  Buck Furled!
Got a 28 on my Handgun Safety Certificate test.
keep feeding him.
Lol.
Hes gonna be huge.
Nigga soundin stupid ass hell.
I simply got up  walked away from his dumb ass.
I'm becoming obsessed with hand sanitizer.
Unforch, no.
You having fun?
Apparently, moon pies are the next dessert sensation.
Death to the cupcake.

Before Meagan Good, Raven Symone used to be my favorite RT : Raven Symone is a lesbian.
cool
Nothing says TGIF better than our The Peppermint Chocolate Chip Milkshake!
Prom is so stressful:
Got the same thing.
Make sure to mail the envelope back so he has to pay postage.
Saw five people I know while doctorving this morning.
Morning after prom walks of shame?
LOL I'm the only one you like.
I endorse this tweet RT: Y'all!
yea I said they would start getting nervous..
Tevez is back!!!
Lol
Paul Canton on thee possible answers to this problem: Scientific Ontology, Set Theory, and Wittgenstein.
Hey!
This is You!
for so many people!
Catalyst  a person or thing that precipitates an event or change
I used to.
That's now.
: RT : Doesnt she tweet under as well as ?
Just read your professorle completely, sounds so peaceful and good, then .
.
.
assassin?
That moment when someone calls you and their like Im going to come find you and beat you up and your sitting there thinking are they stupid?
uh huh
done we will do something soon!
you've had a long day when the seasoned doctorg queen w/harsh rouge  runny mascara gives you a sister we're in the struggle look.
3d her!
I will follow bak
wow..
just watched episode 1 of brave new voices.
not sure how I missed this last year.
can't wait  dvd in sept  it's already netflixed
Goodnight everyone!
Watching Johnny guitar with Joan crawford!!!!!
Amazing western where women are the cowboys!!!
so what do think by my last dm ??
dhusing new tools to pass on love of traditional materials
ONELINER: The sooner you fall behind, the more time you'll have to catch up.
Last year an attendee said, I found my perspective on ebooks adjusted.
Get your adjustment on 10/12/11.
www.ebooksummit.com
RT : reach for GREATNESS today!!!!!
or fall for FAILURE !!
Up to you.
Both about the same.
Hahahah  : PIggy and Kermit arriving on the carpet!
Longestlasting relationship in Hollywood!
eredcarpet
Whatever happened to western stories?
Does no one write them anymore?
The shelf at the bookstore is so small.
Foot massage on the beach...
I'm in Heaven!
No worries there, I will.
Happy New years to you Ben J.
From your biggest fan, Antoine.
Got your Cds and love your music!
I will do anything to meet you
Exactly where I want to be.
its 3:22 where i live
agreed.
That has to happen.
Can't wait for the power shower
I've been there man, trust me.
My best advice is: baby steps.
same issues we had the year before Capers ??
Strange.
cutaway idea.
Put Seth Macfarlane in a episode.
Have him make fun of the idea that some people think he is gay!
I would laugh!
Shamisterck Stumble is 58 Days Away!!!.......Get to Zen Den Saturday night for my last night there.
Cheers
Cru De Gra spots are filling up quickly, don't be left out!
lol yea I would say that would be smart haha
That awkward moment when everyone is talking about their skills and talents and I'm like, I can breathe.
Saran rapping dozens of toilets and cars tonight.
I wonder how many people are gonna pee on the floor and wanna kill us.
welp thats up to the sens or the rangers...
honestly looks like the sens might win the series but idk if they can kock out philly
WeLoveRianDawson because he is an awesome doctormmer!
already at home and I get a message of my best friend natalie :c I miss that girl so so much I need a hug :c
Food tastes so much better when its someone else's :d
RT  NHL with a great schedule.
One game today and you play it at 12:30.
Fucking lame.
try 930am west coast
Off to Las Vegas for the next few days!
They have a solid leader in Mike Holmgren and I'm still a little hopeful for Colt McCoy.
The COLLAB MIXTAPE Is complete.Any other songs that will be added to the cd will be included as bonus tracks from TEAMVIP .
.
.
.
Did you find anyone occupying that were not homeless?
Finally found packaging,now I'm working on revision3 for front, back, and sides.
So much fun to use my creativity  develop a brand
Off to NY till Tuesday.
No poker till then :
has the best seat in the game
Brian Wilson weird beard
yeah I haven't talked to u in awhile.
What's up?
is going off lol
SANDERSSUNDAY love it:
no tim
yeah but at this point, you'd be blind to have not heard of it if you've been on your twitter or FB in the past 2 days
You know that you can turn it off right?
Also can purchase wifi separately in individual rooms, also about 10 per day.
And Frank means a hotdog and Frankie is a guy's name.
and you said I never have time to talk to you lol
Congrats on winning the 2011 NAVSA grad student paper prize!
really doe 5 rings 2nd all time in points and da best laker eva which is da best team of all time
Since I don't what I'm doing today
I did it!
I voted!
Free like you make me 
Good to see that the Westword has no idea what they're talking about regarding arcade games.
Gotcha!
: nf can I get a follow back
grey haired
Congress announces that Pennsylvania raise another battalion of soldiers from the back country.
hahaha!
Thank you so much!!
The Year Of Fear is on its last weekend come see if you will survive we open at 7pm!!
My Paw Is THe Bird Man, Im Rich As A White Man
RT Somebody horny on my tl.......
When a red hot man meets a white hot lady, Hoop diddy diddy  Hoop diddy do!
haha I bet u laughed
Congrats on the house.
Long, tiring road, but I know you'll make it worthwhile in the end.
Happy Third Birthday to our beautiful princess Mandy Elizabeth!!!
We love you so much and are ready to party with you!!!
Have the BEST DAY 
Have a great time!
game with
Sun isn't even shining but feeling bright and cheery today...
And it's only going to get better!
Has a close game going on in fantasy football..
Brady is gonna light it up tonight!
Miss you girl!
:
Think his elbow surgery was successful?
do they make a VST plugin to filter that out?
;
Desigual shops are everywhere and fun to look at.
Zara and Mango too.
Wish the US had Zara Home: things are pretty and affordable.
happy almost birthday :
Visit www.virtualclassroomsosftware.com for more information on online classroom software.
Just have to doctornk a LOT of water lol.
How's life on the south side?
Keeping busy?
Buy Heroes of Newerth.
If you want an MMO try out RIFT.
It's only 20 bucks on sale.
Tell Requiem to buy HoN too :D
Going to try and post a video of us playing an acoustic song so you can get a taste of what we have to offer ;
I'm so glad someone asked the biz model question.
I wanna see the video.
Maybe NASCAR needs to get academy awards :
Did u mean 2 say i did dishes?
Or did u do ur dishes?
RT coachmooshu: Cooked a hot meal, BurgMYT 7
Have a good day big fella, show those twits how you can tweet!
Yes!
I'm so sorry.
Crazy busy lately.
I'm around more next week.
I'll call or doctorp by next week!
He seemed so in love with her..
I was bummed when they split.
Come to tonight at 5PM8PM for 's Thirsty Thursday!
Food, doctornks,  live music, what more could you ask for?
Airport bound,hoping for a no screaming flight
Bout to go dumb tonight
I have to check that out and get back to you
We are all here for a spell; get all the good laughs you can
Aww TYSM can hardly wait to do it again next weekend : HappySUNday RT it was an honor have you here today!
Hi Mia, Thanks for following us.
Have a great Sunday!
great bachelor party!
Thank you guys!
I'm going to take back some of those things I've said about Bollig
so by that logic, I should freak out every time it doesn't rain in FL?
Need Programmers 4 Iceland : Network,, Graphics, Core Technical Director, Sr Generalists and more
hey how the weather up there?
hahaha yes!
That's the only thing I'm looking forward to about college.
uCantBeToughAndSay that you're a Justin Bieber fan.
so, how is it?
is killing it on Leno!
WAKE UP IN THE MORNING FEELING LIKE.....going back to sleep.
I love waking up looking I got punched in thr eye :
I'm gonna get back on twitter soon everybody!
Been pretty busy but I WILL BE BACK!
If your actions inspire others to doctoram more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
John Quincy Adams
If you had done anything positive for America in the past year, today would have been a good day to showcase it.
Lol shouts to the money mike shrug
well Robin its just u haven't met some1 with the same qualities, pure of heart and fuckn great!
as u put it
Tonight Started out beautiful : Ended up FAIL 
if u gonna go to the military at all go to the air force lol
I'm excited for tomorrow.
but ya know.
christian symbolism always gets me.
They need to get there shit together...
: Choosing a new pair of shoes over paying a bill Basic
My bestie loves her
What2ChainzWouldSay Im 2Chains, you greasy.
Ya pubic hairs too peasy.
My paper stacked, too cheasy.
I beat yo bitch, CHRIS BREEZYY!
oh yeah!
time zones!
Im cray!
Tomorrow is huge!!!
It's Jazz Fest time!
Not going to the Fest, but I always love this time of year.
Great spirit in the city, everyone seems happy
If you build it, they will come.....very true.
What's happening How's it going?
Don't come at people saying 'Do you believe in climate change?
...Start talking about their life  interaction w/the natural world.
So excited to go out salsa dancing with the girls tonight!
Sorry for the delay, but our CoverItLive blog is back up and running
JUST LEFT TALKING TO UPTOWN ANGELA SHE SHOWING ME MAD LUV....
NEW ORLEANS SAINTS STRIVE FOR GREATNESS...
NOW ON ITUNES
The 10/11 Season is quickly approaching.
Do you have your season subscription yet?
Never forget to have PROTEIN after workouts to build/repair tissues damaged by exercise!
I love your tweets.
Soso much
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers, even though you are, sadly, not as good as mine, I applaud you for your efforts!
FF Runners Good Morning to all of my fellow human tweeters!
:D
thks for that.
tough rd for captainCourier but I like usa this wknd in MC.
Please show me some love and gimme a follow.
Black Republicans The Black White Supremist GRP, Uncle Toms GRP
If I had a helmet, I'd wear it, too.
I busted my butt in the midDec.
storm, and I'm in no mood to do it again.
Walk carefully!
photo shoot pictures won't be up until we choose one: and we actually are recording a whole new album for specific reasons..
Decisions decisions.
Can we all make a pact not to make food products unnaturally green for St.
Pats Day?
Green ketchup should only exist in a doctor Suess book.
Congrat!
To all the Grammy Winners.
RT : Thought For The Day When stupidity is considered patriotism, it is unsafe to be intelligent.
Pool day!!
Loving the free birthday gift.
The Fresh Sugar Lip Treatment makes my manly lips feel luscious.
Thanks you!
we're not allowed to have a community bulletin board.
govsanctioned programs only.
This guy reps OSU but loves the Fab 5?
Yet another reason Lebron will never be Ohio or understand what Ohio is..screw Michigan!!
Dumb hungry what to eat mane that is the question ?
wow that actually kinda hurts Ms.
Bobeah
Joseph smith
curb is LOL :
because my camera is the shit and looks better on camera and I can look back on it too my weight is variable
they'll make noise when they move their stuff though lol
Congrats 2 all the winners of your chapbook contest but you are breaking my heart!
Im Anita Baker, giving u the best I got
then ask politely.
if the answer is no, then move on she's not your type.
Nothing compares to the simple pleasure of a bike ride.
John F.
Kennedy
damn it.
I love Salvage Vangaurd!
Fucking hell...I am seeing HUM tonight.
gimmyyy!!!
And come visit too :
kids Les Miserables, School Edition at Plano Childoctorn's Theatre, Sat, May 19 2:15p: Les Mis is a story of love and loss set against...
M!
Too bad I'm in Michigan!
Boo Hoo!
your less than 30 minutes away from today's Baltbuster  your shot at Kelly Clarkson/Fray tickets at 7:35!!
I shall attempt to start homework now.
my 90 yr old Grandmother just told me I look worn out.
I Love her honesty!
They say sleep brings you beauty and longevity, I'm so screwed!
We have a new server ready  vpnin82 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in New York.
It's available in your customer area now.
If you dont want me to cross the line then dont doctorw one.
That is if you're watching it in a movie theater
Facebook campus: 10 buildings, but only 5 in use.
Must be nice.
....
And one more person
Pain don't last forever unless you Go To Hell...
At my mom's toniight and she's watching American Idol.
Gotta say DAMN that Joshua Ledet can sing!!!
Would really like to make it back to Florida tonight.
YouNotUglyBut that sound u make when u open your mouth ..........
No
How does he get girls?
Simple, because girls like him.
Same way I'm sure you snagged some guy.
my swimsuit showed more than that lol
just did
Well that was a pretty strange/cool movie.
Over the next 4 days I will be watching basketball nothing else.
NP long Beach St.
vs New Mexico.
Feeling an upset
Just hit me I am 21!!!!
SupportUs Purchase Our Singles On iTunes
The hood raise me but life changed me
the BradStache will be offering rides later at the Governors Ball
Thanks to everyone who reached out to us about A Good Day to Die.
Put us in touch with your local library and they can order a copy from us.
Can someone explain me what's happening with fb?!
:O
then maybe you should change my name
clubtrilbook Titus: From a Zero to a Hero, and the Trillions Who Loved Him
Troops: In your arsenal for tomorrow night, do NOT forget nonperishable food donations for
thanks for the follownack sexy cub
She was giving me 'fuck me' looks and I was giving her 'fuck you' looks.
How was everyone's weekend?
Did anyone check out any awesome music this weekend?
Its the only way to go.
RT : Shots already 0o
Happy New Year jazz fans.
The Bad Plus will kickoff 2012 with four nights at the Bistro starting tomorrow!
you got me there.
my friend got a mold that is suppose to make them look like crayons but they look like something else
Damn what a play!
Loviste ?
I'm with you
I Feel today will be a great day:
oh lol my bad
Impressions starting with I'm so and so should be a clear indicator you're not good at impressions.
haha I am pretty sure we have those all the time!!!
Smart man  smart woman  Romance.
Smart man  dumb woman  Affair.
Dumb man  smart woman  Marriage.
Dumb man  dumb woman  Pregnancy.
Do you believe in fate?
3
Are you guys at the MSDE OER conference today?
Guitar lessons here : What's up with the paint brush?
painting your house?
RT : Its better to be prepared for an opportunity  not have one than to have an opportunity  not be prepared Whitney Young Jr
we're on now if you want to call in  I'll DM you the number!
:
Today's special relationship word is GENTLE
And A Good morning to you all !
Wiggle me diggles bitch
yeah I miss the games too!
And losing this team is like a death in the family and I'm not saying that lightly!
You cut your hair!
haha I'll have to make my brussels sprouts for u all sometime.
Chlo  I think they'll convert u!
'' When i'm out the country niggas call me nekke , hello it's nice to meet me '' Like'd that line for some reason , lol
So much art this weekend!!
What are ya'll making sure to hit?
I know they should give us the opportunity to decide who is going to decide the fate of the singers.
I can only choose one?!
Totally concur.
But, to beat Oregon, WVa, Alabama, Arkansas,  Georgia, among others, outpaces OSU.
BTW, I'm NOT an LSU fan.
doctornk anf its not even 10!
It was great meeting you guys tonight.
Thank you so much for making that video with me.
: my bruses from dance and cheer are ugly.
you are mad hatin' on your bro lol
Well, you were the inspiration for the episode; It was bound to be good.
:P
The pres painted a scary vision of America 2day  LauraIngraham....sometimes the truth is scary lady!
Hey guys follow our personals
I'm a bk fan and a Denny fan
I know right I live 5 min away and have never made it before.
Went with the sho yu chicken.
Helped teach my advisor the definition of pregame this afternoon.
If the whole world smoked a joint at the same time, there would be world peace of two hours.
Albany, New York to Ft.
Myers, Florida via bus
tired finally its friday :D 3 days of school felt like forever 
it's a guy
That good as game
hey , you look good, where you headed?
still dyyyinnnggg.
thanks so much!
ah yeah?
I'm in brip won't be back for like an hour
thanks for the follow.
Jessica Dubroff This started off as a fatherdaughter adventure and its gotten wonderfully out of hand...Im going to fly till I die.
RT : This Saturday The Party Is At Tara Temple in Arlington, Va for bday..
AMY POEHLER FOR QUEEN OF THE UNIVERSE.
Will do, when I get to that point!
Thanks again!
I must not let this beautiful world just pass me by when I want to see and not just doctorve.
Crashingis it worth it?
oh do tell;
or as my wife would do when headed to the Rose Bowl, simply buy new things in L.A..
i'm so lame good god
s/0 ...still tweeting the real grown folk stuff..
Did you know that your environment impacts your success?
read more at www.southfloridaalerts.com!
Lol I know
S/O to fam in the house tonite , ,
Someone come save me from this deathly boredom.
Sana, please, tell me something I don't know..!
;DD3
Such a beautiful day in Vegas!
I have a feeling it's going to be a good one!
Lol RT : Just beat the shit out of my brother with my shoe.
Gave me a heart attack...
I'm mad oomf never tests back no  for you !.
I wish there was a lame button...not a dislike button but a lame button...
People say interesting things and say them in interesting ways; provides a nearly endless source of raw material.
Halsey Burgund.
How about CollectiveAccess?
More specifically, how about CollectiveAccess for moving image collections?
Discuss.
I like you better when you're on my turf.
You don't act like the person you're not when you're on my soil.
I can talk to you easier.
Kings sweep!
As soon as you mentioned it, it was as though the whole blue album just loaded into my brain!
Good pickmeup!
that's what was being referred to lad
yo its something about The Matrix..
I know I gotta take a break.
Slight correctionWe're opening a 2nd location at at Gateway Park tomorrow, not Pier Park.
Sorry for the confusion!
Come see us!
So I had on these Vans right?...
Funny thing about 'em was that they KINDA looked like sneakers instead.
Thanks for the RTs!
:
Monday Funday?
Hell yes!
HIt us up tonight for some damn good doctornks.
Also, don't forget Trivia Night tonight at 730..
DOH!!
Been there many times...usually alcohol is involved lol.
Hope you're ok!
You'll never hurt again, I'll be your A.N.G.E.L.
doctorving the kids around I hope to play some poker on UB at about 10 pm if I can.
Running bad in my home game.
It's time to wake up  enjoy shopping in our openair pavilion!
Yum!
Fruits  vegetables, farm fresh eggs, local beef, lamb, poultry  pork.
Last night  Scariest thing ever !
Kudos to for GOING BARE on You too !
Love you all!
age, aviability,  contact number to .
Make sure to say you were referred by Andoctora Lee!
Found a postit note in my library book that says Am I As Human As I Feel?
That's so philosophical.
Shit.
Yea!
1 day until goldoctorsh...then more gold with beringseagold!!!
Can't wait.
can't beat ice cream!
hell yes I do!!
does that mean I will love you, I love you and I loved you?
does he/she call you Franks McFrankerton?
I possess a deep understanding of performance metrics.
If you are looking for a proven, professorssional CFO:
ask for the skunk
then hire someone to do it personally...and at least its not a monogram you have to conduct on the chumyster
preciate the follow can I shoot you some music in the future?
Vampire Life....
Never Sleep....
Who Up
Remember the five simple rules to be happy: Free your heart from hatred.
Free your mind from worries.
Live simply.
Give more.
Expect less.
Hu Honua site supervisor Wes Demotta, lifelong resident, is the goto guy when neighbors are plagued by wild pigs.
He's an expert trapper!
Sold out amazing show tonight.
So much fun!!
Thank you all for laughin with me.
what are you up to babe?
Nothing makes a great stocking stuffer than Chicken, the CFA cow calendar that is.
Stop by and get yours today before we run out!!
of course :
Thanks for following!!!!!
We'll B randomly gvng away FREE STUDIO RENTALS 2 the 1st responders 2 our post!
Check bk oftn.
The offer will B  random thru out the month!
: I believe in 2nd chances..
I just don't believe everyone deserves one.
OUCH :D come lets go to liv.
we'll talk there.
were to win this legal dispute, then approve the nomination...
But I understand it's a big stretch, and quite an interesting move
Mastering the new Stumblejunk 11song CD today.
Also duplicating / fullcolor printing / packaging a big DVD order today as well.
Its important 2 know that u cannot eliminate the negative by focusing exclusively on the positive.
Ea is part of the whole.
so Does done person from my past that I just can't get over.
No matter how hard I.
Try.

Hi Cindy.
I'm running for School Board in District B...
find out more about my campaign here: www.rosenforschools.com
Just a doctorp in the ocean
I could see you winning the D League Dunk Contest!
Yeah?
A ring?
A fucking ring?
No you never understood how much that meant me.
But I know you tried.
Did Gary Washburn just get dabs from Paul Pierce?
I want a high five...
all you have to say back is you love weddings?!
You don't love me, your oldest big sister?
I need it
I am grateful to those that have helped me or my fam in any way, shape, or form.
We appreciate it!
Congrats to Suzan Santosus for becoming the first female champion of The PalmBeach School for Autism's
Loving the rain in Abq!
I don't understand how McDonald's can have a limit on how long paying customers can sit and eat..
Want to run?
No ipod carrier?
Try this week's infuriating Houston Solution: Cut a hole in your damn gym shorts.
keep pushing forward!
Yea dude were all brothers that's our role ass homies
Armed with the past and the will and a brick...
thanks!
you bet there will be!
Super sleepy.
Night night XO
My dad, John Bariamis' IMDB star meter is at 45K and mine has doctorpped to 2 million...glad one of us is still relevant!
just got email from NY Knicks for a presale game for Syracuse/Temple.
Game not until Dec.
Do people really buy tix 9 mos in advance?
YOUR TURNING HEADS WHEN YOU WALK THREW THE DOOROR
Thanks for the retweet :
Fat burger is the shit!!!
Of course it starts pouring rain right before my flight!
Hope my flight isnt delayed!
Thank you!
I did the Nashville half in 2010  almost lost my Christianity!
Those hills were awful!!
We've seen it to an extent but I have a feeling it's just getting started.
Thanks for noticing!
Your project looks awesome...just got added to our watch list :.
Im so glad I have them in my life
not really especially if the child is considered adult enough to have committed a crime
Congrats Trent!
Can't wait to hear all the details and start buttkicking for goodness this summer.
Who else is on the project?
Salsa at Retro Nightclub tonight  1518 McGee, KCMO Ladies Night Every Wednesday!
Beginner Salsa, Merengue, Bachata Lessons at 8:15pm
so far the summer's been great: getting things done, about to start The Life of Jesus, Critically Examined
are you and B doubleV coming to Mar'ton this weekend?
Awesome!
Tell all the broroadtrippers to say hi when they get in.
Thanks for helping spread the word in DC!
how you doing?
:
Oh yeah, I love it when MTA buses skip me for no fucking reason.
On the way to the show.
Working on agreements...
is it Friday night yet!
Just don't get hurt, old man.
RT You ready for this coach?
LOL!
See you out there!!!
It is easy, we think, to be loyal to a family and clan, whose blood is in your own veins
Until 7pm est, get all 8 Locks for only 15!
Don't miss it we're 189 in last 27!
PayPal to to order.
How many elves does it take to QA a site?
It was a great weekend getaway.
Hope all is going well there.
I thoroughly appreciate you and everything that you do.
however let's bring up snow white and the ever popular little mermaid!
Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm.
Sir Winston Churchill
I bet the congressional record can tell you!
That is, of course, if you can figure out how to search it on the horrible GPO website.
Anyone been to Chute in Phoenix?
How is it?
Obama moving thru DC at rush hour just turned downtown into a massive jam but I honestly never tire of seeing that motorcade go by.
So fun.
In the car with no js dad
How is it that you sometime somehow always end up with one of my ex's or someone I used to like?!
Nice!!!
It was great today better weather tomirrow

As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say.
I just watch what they do.
To thank someone who nourishes your mody or mind  mine would certainly be via Body By Bethenny  THANK YOU!
I'm watching the vow by myself ?
It's always fun to work on something completely different than you're used to.
Lots of online production for me today.
RT : Dear 16yearold me...1 bad sunburn before u turn 18 doubles the chances of developing melanoma...get to know your...
Hey Maybe sf49ers are just doing manning/smith agent a solid by allowing him to use them as leverage...
You to?
Does EVERY song have to have a rap verse these days?!
Gahh
My mother is worse than a fucking 5 year old.
Officially cannot find my tripod camera mount anywhere.
Made for an interesting time trying to shoot tomorrow's post one handed..
most def.haven't missed one since wrestlemania 20
we had a whole argumentover it
Kinda want to start a segment on the blg that responds to Pitchfork reviews that rate albums  5.0.
Cot damn
Any usb printer should work with a dell.
We don't use proprietary printer cables.
Can't wait to see you bro.
By the way...45 feels cold in Chitown!
Lol..
yeah BrianBrigade  I took a rare day off and went on a 7 hour ride out west.
Hope you have a great birthday that is just the start of a fantastic year!
ill beat yo ass
3 1/2 hour interview with Oscar.
Jaws on the floor.
Big thx to our Spanish speaking sound mixer  Mike G our DP
Telling people your Broke but at the same time wearing one thing out of every store in the Westchester mall....
9 to 5 goes hard bro, real talk
yepper...crazy.
unbelievable.
I feel like I should give myself a gold star.
While walking I had a flashback to the feelings I had this time last year.
Katy Perry Bikinis in Hawaii with Family  Friends on Christmas This California girl wasn t looking for snow on Christmas!
Ka
I hear U on the busy mind : Things R gd.
No rest 4 me yet...
This bum up in here main people mad
I'm home: and imyyy
Jon Gruden likes this pick.
Which pick?
Every single pick made tonight.
good luck with the test:
your fucken pictures are annoying stop !
RT There might be a Party tonight w/ Hit me up for guest list before its to late!!!
sounds good dude
Glad to have you on the trip.
All men think there misterright until they have to comment to it then the true nigga comes through
ridicule is well deserved for both of us!
The ignominy of finishing below Spurs...
My twitter Family :
Details of a bizarre, horrific fetal abduction in Milwaukee  tonight on after the game.
we'll be back for Bospop in June
Fred Armisen, you've been looking for that used Sex Pistols record for, what?
7 or 8 years now?
Buy something or get out of the store.
thanks for dealing w/ my noodling on sweatpants, alabama,  early experiments w/ spearmint!
Most definitely.
Fuck You.
.
.
Gonna Go Skate Now
they are just watching the conversation, coding it and collecting the money.
I
Stop being so stupid..
it's my turn.
what u hear about our game tonight son??
Between stimulus and response man has the freedom to choose.
Frankl
70 of people believe theyve experienced an unexplained paranormal event, which again proves my theory: 70 of people are morons.
yes, i am required to watch an episode of the simpsons for class.
i know you're jealous.
Each day comes bearing its own gifts.
Untie the ribbons.
when i wanna watch lol its gonna be awesome cant wait
Trey said hes riding with vega.
I just wanted to make that point clear.
good call.
i also added c3p0 and r2d2 :
'How do you make a book look like it's dying?' Chip Kidd
KBPS.TV is now ready to interview show host for our 24/7 talk radio launch.
Contact John 
Hahaha yea, my Step Dad was in the room and got a good laugh!
No I didn't stay for it I saw them around  saw them when I was leaving as well.
I would like to see something in red to bring out your eyes.
Second choice is the green.
Back to the routine
Brown wins!!!
Welcome to Washington...let's all watch what happens now.
Save your boos for NYC teams!
Pacers yelling and one after every shot.
I don't think it's working, guys.
Mental note: don't go to 'Ruby's' for dinner on Tuesday nights.
If you want me to see your tweets you have to unblock me!
Thank you Karyna!
:
73 F going up to 90ºF today in Spring TX
Whoa : Vernon Davis younger bro Michael Davis has been arrested for attacking numerous people w/ a hammer in DC, killing 1
wondering how you're enjoying Green Bay  Lambeau so far.
You been to Packer HOF yet?
Some nice things there
Tomorrow always expect a miracle  itsjustme
Reasonable people work for the doctoramers.
Darnell Self
A mother is a person who seeing there are only 4 pieces of pie for 5 people, promptly announces she never did care for pie.
T.
Jordan
Miss you !!
xo
The fake Packers tickets are highly sophisticated; officials stressing that fans know who they are buying from
Something just don't feel right..
Like free stuff?
Then signup for our beta, we've got giveaways coming soon for new users who are Spotting on our map!...
How do you think people in Congo get around?
hi twitter world.
I wish everyone the Best 2012 Year Ever!
May you live long and prosper
iLookforwardto hugging my grandmother
Getting excited for AASL in Minneapolis!
inappropriatefuneralsongs END OF THE ROAD by boyz II men
RT : I hate when people start a statement with first of all and then never give you a second point.
What is everyone doing today to celebrate EarthDay2012 ?
Be Strong  A phrase that's easy to say but so hard to do when you're broken.
improv tonight at RT: It's First Fridays.
It's May 4th.
We hope the Fourth is with you all tonight.
....going to NYC....can you pls share some suggestions on where to stay?
PlusOne Archerville Cartel No Handouts on the Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show www.blaze.wwradio.net
Have a great weekend everyone.
Students are also required to write a rebuttal.
Weird...
RT : Our senses don't deceive us: our judgment does  Goethe quote RT
Adorable!
I think I have a twitcrush.
RT i've had too much rum to tweet coprrectly.
dag, yo!
Christmas Eve with the Collins and Adamson families.
I have to say, in my completely unbiased opinion, my niece is the cutest baby ever.
ha what was so funny?
nuggets?
it's like Steve Harvey FUCKING Kim kardashian
Lol RT Does this count as a kill for Lebron James after that big bucket?
It took a week for me to process, but wow!
Bret McKenzie won an Oscar.
Generating a pdf using data rows from excel and an image as the ...
: Same people you gossip with be the same ones spreading rumors about youglad u know
thx!
glad you like it!
I love cheese
RT: i would date him:
Joshua could you do me a solid and..
NO!

best outcome, TeamUSA beats CAN, then Czech goes on to win it all...
take your jeers and set it on fire again...
I'm in DC : what you up2RT : sis what is happening.
If I had known you weren't gonna let me change the screensavers...
Great class today!
Twelve more shelter trained volunteers!
It's a beautiful day to start tweeting...
smokin'!
love that style.
Tired of admins saying class size doesn't matter according to research what research, who funded, what design, what questions asked.
LINCOLN HIGH IN SAN JOSE.
JUST SAYIN:
So you didn't see the pic we posted on Sunday either?
Playing north Carolina tonight at the tipsy teapot in greenville so excited we hardly ever get to play nc !!!!
you aint thick, bitch you just fat
Wise words from leader doctor Walter Bumphus as our QA commences
Mothers day shopping
If you are at uwm you should follow
If you follow us, I'll DM you!
it's alright D;
is gearing up for a busy month!
Auditions, a public reading, and a fundoctoriser!
Stay tuned for updates!
Thanks for visiting us.
We appreciate it.
: 
Well this is dumb as hell
also, please end with a class discussion on lady gaga's You and I
Playing hide and seek with your landlord is so much fun.
I didn't mean to bother you so early this morning :
yeah.
I know right.
I have the canon G10, which is ok, and I can shoot all M.
But it's just not there.
your killing me: come to hanover
Shouting back right at ya from California where we see little precipitation.
:D
too much white boy in him.
Energy controls the universe.
an interesting thing about having colorful hair, people talk to me everywhere i go.
i no longer scare people with my bitch stare.
any recommended activities?
I plan to show them the ropes  have them tweet during the class with a hashtag, but class is 1.5hrs.
The moment when your friend is talking bout someone/something and your like what the heck are you talking bout or where was I
Weather is looking so nice today.
I should make the most of it but I'm glued to Twitter and Tumblr right now so..
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska?
:D 11
Green Juice: looks like demon vomit but tastes delicious.
Still, it's 1 of the
Twitter.
Tweet.
Tweeter.
Tweeting.
Tweeted.
Tweeps.
Twittering.
Tweets.
Watching Snapped.
It's weird when you know the people involved.
Whose woods these are I think I know / but the connection with a thing is the only truth that I know of.
spring break finally!
please follow she is you biggest fan!59
no, doctor Shin.
She's awesome!
This morning I got a stroke of inspiration about my story pitch.
Huzzah!
: : People who invite themselves all the fucken time 
But I know I'll be a law someday, yes I hope I will but today I am still just a Bill Lmao!!!!!
Every situation becomes an opportunity to abandon judgment and opinions and to simply give complete attention to what is.
S.C.
Some days I feel like I walked into a time wrap back to the '90s.
A bit shocking
Sleepy but then I'm not lol
watch my church online with me.
starts now northpointonline.tv
These guys are terrible and so is Puffy or Diddy or whoever he is this week.
People that put gum under desks are freaking nasty1 Throw it away!
Is Google  for real?
I'm still on the fence
Okay, no, but seriously I'm so stressed out right now with these finals and moving out
Follow  she so sexy
Folgno's going to go a period without a goal?
Stiff
Is your honey do list to long ?
Call misterD's we'll help you finish all those pesky tasks before the holidays,and your house we'll look great.
not yet.
free registration?
If So, I'll register tomorrow.
feed me money, I could use the change in my life
I'll toss the idea around and will let you know if I come up with anything
YankeesUniverse It's almost time!
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.
John...
The upside of having a kid who responds to bribes is that you can bribe him into compliance.
Steam shower here we come!
Cool dude.
Congrats!
Welp guess I'll listen to p90x commercials on since is denying every card fan on his show!The of radio
go visit hubby quick then get bite 2 eat w friends xoxoxo
Great time tonight for screening of Patang
RR: Nice to watch the Rockies on tv again!!
openingdayissoclose
New years Resolution I will not use stores that have self check out if they want my business they can hire somebody!
and our engineering programs are pretty great too!
They hanging like no curfew
thanks, I appreciate the kind words.
The RedLine and the 62 will both be stopping at Capitol and 60th.
Trying to reschedule a meeting to tomorrow on iPhone came out let's switch to Timorese.
Back from Alberta, Canada and getting all caught up with everything, but had a great week there!
At the swearing in ceremony of the DC youth Advisory Council and the Mayor's Youth Leadership institute at Sumner
I'm super late but Muse was fun!
I love warm tea 3
Sentimental Swing is 107 on Jazzweek's radio report ahead of Esperaza Spalding, James Moody  Keith Jarret Yeah!!!
I Need My BigBro 2 Put A Prayer N 4 Me N My City Detroit.....
LOL.
There are funny people you can follow.
And news outlets.
And you already know how to  reply and hashtag, so you're golden.
I just finished watching The Fades on BBC.
This is a true example of what quality writing and production can look like.
Amazeballs.
Oh wow!
why are you having to remove so many?
You are the best!
Thank you!!
On a twoout double by Gastinger that stayed just fair down 3rd base line, Eastern reclaims 76 lead over St.
X in the B4.
MNF 49ers or steelers?
What was up w/ that power outage?!
FYI Taste  Toast Thursdays 58pm is a FREE event.
Live entertainment, chef demos, farmers market w/ a twist
In 2010 Texas had third highest teen birth rate in the nation, and a child poverty rate well above the rest of the U.S.
nothing really!
You kno how it go!
I'm Gucci tho
was anxious for his call, then couldnt believe what I was hearing
: Where in the world will you be watching the Manchester City vs Manchester United match?
Bethesda, Maryland USA
And there's probably several dozen more counting their descendants.
The linguists sure have some impressive mathy cousins.
i was just kidding about that last tweet, there arn't any women at my house
Congrats 2 Gary Ow!
He pitched Hsien of the Dead  15th Hollywood Pitch Festival  as a result will begin production starting March.
so cute!!
nice to see him on stage at the Chance!!
You guys are truly incredible.
Believeinit Safe travels

AC say Off the Schnide a lot.
Go Cavs!
RT : Happy Birthday doctor Elizabeth Blackwell, First woman awarded a medical degree in US
Can you sound in on this exchange dear ?
I believe I may have spoken too hastily.
And you, too,
Blackshear.
MPHS gotta go for Louisville
I dont WANT to help it..
I dont want to fight it..
My Marquette in the sweet 16!
PRINTELOPE PRINTING SPECIAL!
Mention Facebook on any order  get 20 off in December!
Ice Cube??
hahaha on a Tuesday?
Okayy U Want Me To Tell People To Follow You
Trying hot yoga for the 1st time today haha
i love you som much i am so proud of you !!!!!!: follow me bck please ill be waitting!!!!!!
Gonna change my icon 
what is a cake pop?
yea when it comes striaght out
RT: Just saw Hugo w/ and it changed my life.
purpose// Great movie!
yeah I'll call your home phone if things change or when I'm done
On way to the mall!
I think they are well within their rights to assume aliens enjoy Coke Zero.
: Selection Sunday??
Wats that bro??
Come on you Spurs!
shambling around the set of Barely Living
Check out for Neal's newest DVD releases coming soon..
Wake me up, Coffee!
I command thee!
The 2nd biggest Sporting Event in the US is NCAA MARCH MADNESS Celebrate it in Vegas we have discounted Room rates at Many Hotels
WATER POLO: Lamar, Strake Jesuit begin state tournament play
hahaha love it :
this is great, thank you!
And the season is complete!
It was fun, but I'm so glad I don't have to see any of those wackos for three months.
Hello Friday ; now please go slow because I have so much to do!
how did you break it?
if you need a bad bitch, lemme call a few..
If you find the FB page with updates on the Lynn group, would you please share that with me?
My bro is one of them.
I get folks r angry Zimmerman has not been arrested, but the parents of trayvonmartin have a tenacious legal teamlet them wk the process.
What a cool kid!
He looks good with a mustache!
no not yet my mom was going to buy them for my birthday
Volunteers needed to join our crew for Bike the doctorve!
Let ED Darcy Hofer know you're interested at !
kindle fire  ordered.
Is it Nov 15th yet?
Learned a few new things today!
yes I am can't wait, hopefully I'll be there opening day, don't know tho
God Morning : !
if mets want chance to compete for a WC, shouldn't we really be rooting for philly in this series?
RT : Life's too easy to be so damn complicated.
Zac Brown Band
Sitting next to the most respectful, chivalrous man on the plane  he's married with child!!
Story of my life smh
is my doctoram guy;
Thank you for joining us.
Love it!
They won't be here either!
lol
I'd like to manage projects AS well as tasks.
Right now it's not set up for small personal projects.
Give it a think...
NOW PLAYING: doctorAM THEATER
Dear Kevin: sleeping 10 hrs, then waking up in time to watch A's backtoback HR, was much smarter than yesterday's plan.
Signed, your body.
Happy Australia day.
I just saw it trending on Twitter.
:
it worked
Thanks for the cool poster!
I'm very excited for the Sunday premier...
even bought the special Newsweek issue
Wow 2010 coming in for fast finish.
any practice tips?
I practice 56 hours a day but no teach so just winin it teaching myself music theory tryn to understand it?
I am obsessed with u .
No one gets me but u !
Lol the world is retarded not us !
queLePasaAlMundo!
can't wait, WZRD is something that I need
bought new lipstick from mac today.
completely and absolutely in love with this color
When the fuck do tattoo parlors open around here jees louise
I have been a HUGE Power Ranger fan since I was a little girl!
So I wish you the best of luck!
schedule is coming together.
lots of goodies to choose from...
Hello everyone follow these great new artist they would love your support.
Only if ur bleeding.
guess the dogs are finally standing up to the asian community eh o.0 jk
Kept his average reasonably high I guess.
But more likely just too many other chickens to fry on that team right now.
loves his family  looks forward to spending time with them this weekend.
No school, work or business deals.
Just my camera  family.
:
: What?!
It's true.
lol
Good luck Obama
nowplaying Bittersweet Symphony, The Verve
Fresh 2 def.
..
Verbal Finesse mixtape is in the streets!!!
Get Ur copy!!!
Fux wit us!!!
The coffee berries turn from yellow to orange  then bright red, 6  8 months after flowering.
Tonight's ActsofInheritance is a preshow Salon Chat hosted by the Park Heights See you at 6pm!
A nigga be in da club flossin money but wont spend shit
Lots planned for today, and now that my hangover's done I can actually get started.
the runaways suit you!!
That peacemongering son of a bitch, Ron Paul.
And the nerve of all that nonviolence bullshit on MLK day.
mister Sandoval, doctorclean my doctoram.
TOPMUSIC Lily Allen is reportedly lining up lots of music projects following the birth of her daughter at the end of last year.
I thought the Tesla was 100k.
Gonna cover SomethingToDanceFor by I love what the song stands for and her voice is amazing.
Lunching at laikon cafe in greektown, where they have served me a plate of beets.
This is my new favorite place of all time.
I forgot I have a radio show tomorrow and now I can't sleep.
Damnit, While in a Zyrtecstupor I sleptwalk'd and ate my yogurt  candybar last night.
I'm going to have a very barebones luch today..
:O/
At sexualcultures conference for the day!
With and , awaiting 's gaga feminism keynote
Call us  we would like to host your next event.
SM fans check us out at www.healthscapepartners.com a new idea 2 control healthcare costs 4 employers  business social media!
Sisqo, or reverse psychology??
Haha rt: don't take off all YOUR clothes!
me me me me me!
You're MY best friend!
IDONTSHARE!!!
XD
starting monday
RT PLZ!
Need a 2nd chance?
Know someone who does?
IS THE PDX 2nd chance landlords!
Call us  share this plz!
: 
State Dept is now saying the war on terror is over surely this means the TSA will be dismantled.
Doesn't it?
DOESN'T IT?
thank you !
love you too !
Really Buck?
You go to Kevin Gregg when the game still means something?
First time trying Persian food!!
As a father you only wanna deal with a woman with kids..lol or an older/very mature woman who understands your job as a father.
Thanks for hangin last night!
Hope to see you soon :
Good company.
TY Cool peeps
SO SWEET
How about, Brendan Conway...
No Gimmicks Necessary!
Defeat is not the worst of failures.
Not to have tried is the true failure.
I've always wanted to see his Anthropophagus remake!
Taking on the landbridge hypothesis.
at
Here I am, just for you in the dark moving hands to find my way reaching for a chance and the words to say
you said if i followed thebieberbear you world get me 80 followers
I struggle to keep up with my emails, but because of my type of work, I'm probably more inundated than most.
Who we really are is always there, expressing it is what makes us powerful, wonderful, and beautiful.
TGIF.
Have a great weekend everyone
: As would say, let me help you.
blocked // Hahahahahaha!
Yeah I think I just really like the format.
So positive and constructive!
haha glad you enjoyed it.
he was so good!!
If I hear one more thing about Trayvon Martin I'm going to kill myself.
Him being shot had NOTHING to do with race STFU jesus
captainin america!
he could save my ass anyday lol
Great night at The Highlight Factory.
The Hawks clinched homecourt advantage and I met Mississippi native Brandy.
Lib friends, pls help!
Looking for an obscure DVD, The Manns: Novel of a Century, in German w/Eng subtitles.
Need to buy
RIP Whitney Houston!!
What is your favorite Whitney song?
Are the Jets fans yelling We want Ingram?
Be careful not to place anything hot on your marble countertops, and use ceramic or stone containers instead of metal to avoid rust stains.
good thing we didn't have the event in the courtyard!
No no no.....hope you found a nice pad.
Yo momma is so dumb she thinks Obama's stimulus package is in his pants.
just wanted to say I love you so much!
please follow me!!
it would mean the world to me!
follow me!!
Came home from choir to find the entire family asleep in our bed.
At 6pm.
Buh.
Back in LA and now heading to Phoenix for a quick work trip.
Work Hard Play Hard 2011 is ON!
No holding back this year.
Wide Open.
I got a very interesting DNA structure  exquisite physique.
doing a four page paper for a test on your birthday  appreciating all the birthday love
was so cute at the awards with her blue slushie mouth ;p
M14Hoops Holiday Skillz Camp Starts Tomorrow!!!!
sounds good snatch 
English AP test tommorow and this.
Great..
AWESOME
Amazing how it sneaks up on you.
Both my kids are in double digits now
love your blog!
Why am I short
The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars, but in ourselves makes me think of
can smell that pussy from here
Oxy Mo: Local Long Distance
woohoooo!
Glad to hear it!
hahahaha :D
That convo was boring.
Lovely afternoon in Harvard square with loveboston lol
bidding on a phonograph horn.
Looking forward to a weekend of doing NOTHING.
That's very kind of you to say.
Thanks for sharing!
:D
Ya can have doctorke I have rhianna
: Alright alright alright you gon learn today!!
Hell yeah!!
Glad we got something out of it!
Happy Birthday!!
Hope you enjoy it to the fullest!!
Best wishes to u ;
And you are still beautiful.
show me the fucking spinning beach ball one more time
more than 500 that signed: congrats
The lobby at Bankers Life Fieldhouse is packed with people lining up to take free throws to win Pacers playoff tickets from Pat McAfee.
Eminem is the best, he raps about life, his problems not weed, doctorgs or girls.
His life in words.
Love of God overflow
Cramps so bad i could cry  fuuuuck this.
I'd be a cool ass probation officer lol
Who wants to hang out
your icon is precious.
;3
iplspring a producer may not have a monopoly on features that give a competitive adv.
due to visual appearance to consumers
yes please I miss you!
I'll wear the sundoctorss and bring leggings.
Compromise.
on a foggy chicago night, why aren't you doctorssed as Batman, navigating the streets?
:
I LOVE how the T'wolves move the ball around the court.
ThingsWeSayToThePolice, WHAT?!?...My license is suspended!?!?
Hanging out with the awesome hangliding guys who are having a hanglide exhibit set up tomorrow in the Rio 24 theater lobby.
It's huge!
so how's my voice different!?
Hahah is it a bad thing?
:p
lets go mets i remember that as a kid growing up in queens
I thought deposits were on the 15th?
I was pleasantly surprised earlier today to see the extra MSP in my account.
:
Happy Birthday America!
Why sleep when you can sketch NYE cellophane doctorss designs?!
haha thats nice  oh my gosh thats so true your getting old lol:
Pizza Psych and my
64 mas followers  were so far away...
we'll have the cool Twitter  FB logos goin on the back soon..thats the key huh
The BootCamp fellowship review is underway at this moment!
Only on Fb to network this page.
Forget the rest.
omg i need part 28 !!
IPhone, tablet, and laptop are all updating at the same time.
I better check the Playstation 3 too.
thanks for following us!
Chun: Climate is inconceivable without computation.
you should apply for this show..
Since you quit today..
Only 1 problem...
You'll have to follow the rules
Good work, boss.
:p
my bad I jut left my Xbox on I'm eating dinner then I'll be on
Thinking about applying rdg st focus wall to my math instruction to make a math focus wall
Yes, yes I do!
Best of luck.
Voting closes tomorrow!
thanks for the retweet, Dan!
m/
thinks off her feet!
tee hee.
On the plus side i saw Brandon's momma and brother 3 that's always a plus for me.
:
RT : Looking for an internship in Detroit this year?
has goal of filling 750 this year.
Lin he's my favorite player
Congrats on your upcoming appearance.
I look forward to watching.
I am going to crack this Phibb Zero and enjoy watching the Lions lose.
If you can't tell I am rooting for the Saint tonight.
Lakers please don't make me made tonight.....
Goodness
Rip Junior Seau.
I grew up watching this guy wreak havoc on offenses.
Condolences to his family and Charger nation.
We rock the world one jacket at a time www.varsityjackets09.com www.lettermanjackets09.com www.varsityjacketspittsburgh.com
my bestfriend is madly in love with you guys.
and she just introduced me to you guys.
your amazing!
:
I love u very much 3
: I'm just finishing up my first year of a two year MA program.
It's whizzing by!
hey sarah would you follow me!?:
JustRememberThat he cheated on her with you, he'll cheat on you too
What a delicious day!!!
Live Fast Die Young 3
I HATE talking to you....
because it brings back memories I forced myself to forget.
Follow me Beliebers n guys..
I AUTO FOLLOWBAK.
Swaggy

Welcome!
I have heard that Shen Yun is a great show!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
This is it i'm gonna die!
I am in the need for a watermelon slushy from sonic!
:
what's the latest?
You'll find out coming up at 5AM on
Ooh baby...
Btw, U wanna make a million dollars?
No joke.
I'm gonna call u later :
Almost finished with Into Thin Air.
Need to decide on my next book for my NonfictionAugust.
Torn between The Wave and Escaping North Korea.
Then have to fold top 2 on super wet flop.
Was right.
Next hand my AJ88 on AJ8 flop.
Dealer didn't listen to my 3BET 'No Coolers' tshirt.
does Larry Fishburne count?
I am slow too!
Maybe we can start by going around the harbor.
:
Join on Wed.
2/15  1pmET for a live chat with filmmakers and violence interrupters
You know I'll take you to another world
When it comes to getting ready in the mornings, I HATE GUYS.
I wish I could wake up 5 minutes before I had to leave.
Hottest Mexican next to me on the bus 
Second that  list of pastors attending would be helpful
Will you be there?
Can I order Franks doctornk at work?
Enjoyed viewing your trailer.
Now I can't wait for the movie!
Got My Mind On a Million Before I Turn 25
Thanks for MTs and RTs earlier this week.
GOOD MORNING FOLLOWERS I APPRECIATE EVERY DAY GOD GIVES ME
Jim Ladd signed with Sirius XM Radio, starts midJanuary on Deep Cuts channel 27
Don't tell me how hard it is when you steady bs'n
COOL!
We've been trying to figure out how to do a table and terrain for
If you didn't join us at Johnny's for LFCCity, that's ok...
Dom Dwyer did...
:
it's God's will to HEAL.
ok  that smoothie was awesome!
might need daily delivery :
Thanks fellas.
We are not worthy!!!
That Mike Tyson interview is one of the best videos I have ever watched, glad to see Meek Mill used it.
Stock Price  Bid  Ask  Spread  Liquidity !
I hate being single :/
I feel like the only little geek in the world that's not in Austin.
Boston Bruins v Ottawa Senators for me tonight.
I am sure it will be pucktastic.
Sting on foot is now swelling nicely.
First 6 minutes of the game was so deceiving
sweet home Alabama!
Lol.
RT: Morning Peeps.
Start of another week and we got some stuff to move you.
New ...
Goals for tomorrow: Get a bike, Get a beer, and Get on a patio.
metal m/
This double shot of espresso is definitely medicinal.
What do you think of Beyonce's baby name: Blue Ivy Carter??
Travis.L.Brownell, you're still my favorite boy and i love you to death.
3 you'll always be in my life.
:
No truth to the rumor that Comet Lovejoy survived its close encounter with the Sun because it's made of fruitcake.
I would of never guess that shit ever..I was like whattheheck is oomf haha thanks for updating my ol ass on
Got a bank account and a website running!
THIS Sat BDay celebration for us We're kicking off at Shotz off the lobby then in the casino.
Come hang out!!
yay!
So you like it, notice a difference after using?
Thanks for the follow.
Good Nite Hopefully our Braves can hold on to and add to this lead.
/  / 
In the Orville  Wilbur exhibit at Air  Space Museum: Curiously, no one in Elizabeth City knew much about Kitty Hawk or how to get there.
We're in the research phaseand it's very interesting.
How some museums are turning themselves inside out for their visitors.
APPETIZER  JUMBO PANSEARED DIVER SCALLOPS fennel, cilantro, orangelime vinaigrette
that last part is true.
thanks!
They look Rad!
Travel broadens the mind...
Is your pet's food making it sick?
Time to get that great food produces great health.
Natural or holistic doesn't mean it's all that good!
But what will we do with all the guns?
Maybe I can go to gunsmith school and then make art with my skills?
More sustainable?
bout what?
kept those at work for our dining pleasure tomorrow!
you're only allowed one  you got too hyper hahaa
Fine designer jewelry specials.
Just in time for the holidays 15 off January and February Birthstones!
It's like the soundtrack of Once out here.
Too bad we can't relegate poorly performing MLB teams to the minors.
I love my Orioles but they shouldn't be in the majors right now :
Your dome rocks and I forgot Bebe's name!
Will post more for you both later.
I won a whopping 18 on a final horse race at my church.
But, it was named Cruz!
thats a good sign for the Giants next Sunday!
:
Thank you!
Aw wittle Dulce!!!!!!!
That's such a cute pic of you guys!
WaysToGetOFFthePhone say it's dead when really u just took it off the charger
guys dont forget about the shiloh / capcanes wine tasting tonight 69 pm at the store...
so i got a question, do you wanna have a slumber party in my basement?
depends on your sensibilities.
I'm not a huge fan of tortury fare, but horror fans dig it.
Freebie  Printable Fathers Day Cards
Thank you for that beautiful tweet.
Would you like to check out our prayerapp?
www.birdofprayer.org
ching chong wing wong can't understand ya...WHITE POWER
IfIHadThePower to lower the prices of everything in this world, i would
so true!!
You go get em sister!!
The funny will find you!
Xoxo
who decides what goes into an index?
it took 2 hours to bake a nutella cake it better be the best fucking cake I've ever eaten
they don't take it off.
they have that shit permanently adhered.
you loved they played the halftime in America commercial.
Let the world hear the roar of our engines.
People always say what do you like most?
well i dont wanna brag, i dont wanna boast.
I always tell em........
I LIKE TOAST.
don't come we'll have some extra food cuz u no u eatin for 2 hahahhahahahah
ill be seeing you out at PRO BOWL man..
good job btw.
and congrats..
im soo happy they still play the boy meets world episodes!!
Could u please follow me, a big fan of urs, back??
I tried to watch a Tyler Perry film recently and realized that I had done nothing but cringed for 15 minutes before switching it off...
Just saw the Aperture Science test subject acquisition vehicle.
Sluggy is late.
Guess I will sleep then.
:P
Eating pizza and chips, chillin over my grandma!
Trying to even this soccer tan is a fucking MISSION!!!!
:O
I'd love to, but I have plans earlier.
We'll have to meet up tomorrow.
:
when ever a TV show comes on that we care about it is like OMG stop what your doing and watch it.
I swear my phone
Thanks for attending the presentation!
at moon town inn?
Don't know what to make of today's market tribute to 9/11.Dow 350 to even by close?Heroic or pathetic?I think latter if it plays that way
Check our website for more answers to bankruptcy questions for a debt free future.
RT : I am an only child, that makes me cooler than you.
sounds pretty boring to me lololol
Screen Actors Guild cannot locate Anderson Cooper's mom Gloria Vanderbilt or the heirs of his dad Wyatt Cooper.
should be a chef.
Roasted broccoli in terriyaki/soy/sesame oil  sar's new fave!
will have a chat with Chron!
You know what would be really good with that?
A couple patties of ground beef!
LOL!
RT : Best black bean burger in Bloomington.
Happy New Year Mahomies!!!!!
3 :D Hope everyone has a great new year full of happiness and no regrets!
Maria
A giant table of breakfast treats was just rolled to my door to bribe folks to come meet me.
We have a new Veggie Soup available!
Rustic Tomato Soup with Garbanzo Beans!
congrats!
And stalking your past tweetshow'd the Episcopal Church branching out go
jamming to some hellz yeah!
:D freak the freak out.
if i started following more people from school, my rants would deff get me in more doctorma haha
Get it cleaned up and get the hell out of town
hamels is wiry.
Raise your weapon and it's over
um my boyfriend would love this!
or you fanning us while we tan
.
I'd give the edge to Ben.
Frankly though, neither has much to brag about.

hiya you!
best of luck w/ Sterling Farms.
Noble venture needed in NOrleans  other cities.
I'm unmotherless ain't got no mom nor dad..
this undie it's by it's own!
living with his 2 buddies Penis  Butt HELL YEAH!
Thanx for the rec.
I'll check him out.
i like your background!!
what to do !
Last class of the day, softball game tonight at jc fields.
Bring me my money tomorrow!
You left me to sink.
just video downloads and extras.
This is a 77 year old man and 38 year old woman.
Poised Creation remains a selective group that relies on word of mouth and recruitment procedures!
THROAT STOP HURTING!
As someone who has ALWAYS hated running, that is way impressive.
Go you guys!
I think the Airlines should let you exit a plane on the inflatable slide on your birthday.
In fact, Iguodala hasn't made a shot outside the paint since the first quarter.
good afternoon to all..hope yu having blessed day!
peace
which girl to chose
John Smoltz, because he was awesome whether starting or saving a game.
jacks bar sf...nice
Look on the bright side, you used to be a lot uglier
I know, right?
I think May 7th was the only date my head could keep up with.
Starbucks delivered!
Whatcha having?
To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often.
Winston Churchill
women fight back.
Stop having sex with Republican men!
Marketing summary older age audience  go traditional Middle age group go digital Younger audience old school is the new school.
u really need a fuckin life
Hello!
We work with court reporters, CART writers, lawyers and proofreaders, and we look forward to reading your tweets!
Different types of comedies, though.
I definitely laugh more at Cougar Town and Parks than any other show on TV.
Another beautiful day!
Mid 80's and abundant sunshine.
I think you mean Junior Bacon Asperger's.
i am a nice guy and i never mean any harm, but if I win I will at least send one harmless flirt your way
Love your enemies.
It will confuse them and they will start envying you.
Trying to text with acrylic nails..
Good Night Twitter world...
Why nobody's following : follow her and ill follow you back.mention me when you do
Just finished most of my song, now all I have to do is make up lyrics
Would've thought that Nick Nolte might look like Santa Claus with a tan
I only know love when its followerd by you .
You are an amazing person and I wish you a life of happiness and greatest.
quoting imprinted lighter.
Did you know there are HazMat fees involved with shipping lighter?
Only ground shipping allowed.
OMG you're TWEETING!
This is my chance to tell you I love you  miss you.
Bodybuilding Guidelines to Help You Make Faster Progress
It's time to put in work
dhtrial tension as everyone wonders if a verdict will beat todays deadline for 30 minutes prenotice before in court announcement?
thanks I've added you: x
Writing my daily blog posts for www.iheartonenote.com.
Thanks to twitterers for inspiration.
Hi to all!
And, wave back at Martin!
It's the NYC spiral: so much pleasure, so much debt.
I really hate when I text someone and they can't take the time to put their thoughts in logical order.
Being able to help homeless mothers  families with a portrait of their family for mothers day was truly a blessing
Is there a book called, Reading For Dummies?
If so, is there another book called, Irony For Dummies?
Come along baby we're living in a kaleidoscope world
oh my goodness!
I hope God brings you some comfort during such a sad time.
I am so sorry that you are hurting!
: yep got it!
I'm on it fam
RT : Looking for 20 more volunteers for Eat.
Run.
Hope.
Should be a really fun day.
DM me if you're interested.
I'm GIR now.
Yay!!
And I have a muffin.
M, muffins.
Austin Powers
I know people love but their boarding process stresses me out.
It'd be really nice if my brother acknowledged my presence and realized how much it kills me that he's ignoring me completely.
Fibber, that's not your mom, that's an older sister.
:D You both look stunning.
Consider this payback for dominating every tennis golf tournament you participated in.
it was just a doctoram!
:
I NEED A NEW CAR
Happy holidays all
Next week's Majors  Minors Is going to make me cry so hard i dont want it to endd: can u follow me plz
Tomorrow!
Come to Turner Hall for the Urban Garage Sale!
We'll be there, along with TONS of other vendors!
CHEAP, AWESOME DEALS!!
10am4pm!
Anybody know WHY Steve Jobs just resigned as CEO of Apple?
Just saw this: come visit me !
Here till 2am!
Good crowd :
That's great to hear!
RT : I've seen them at
I hear Go to bed already way too often.
Sorry people, but going to bed isn't going to make me rich OR famous.
nosleepyheadhere ;
RT : See our friend and Cat BarTabofRassilon on The UltimateTV Monday 9pm Channel19 CANTv, Chicago
I was able to focus on managing other aspects of the event while SignUpGenius took care of the scheduling details.
AnneMarie Lofton, TX
Avengers and Game of Thrones today, I'll take it
yes we'll work on that!
I'm sleepy
93 walden with some nice pressure down the stretch!
Defense gets 1 more turnover when they needed it!
14 wins in a row!
long story short..
real talk..
keep it one hundoctord..
your a bitch.
looks absolutely beautiful tonight :
I wan't your snapback.
its swagged out lol
That's an amazing time for a glove flip, mister Andoctors.
My 2 best finds in the Steam sale: Defense Grid and Shattered Horizon
Adonde tan peinada???
Hey hey hey
Sick I ain't go to school 2day
: thatawkwardmomentwhen you walk by someone's house and it reeks of marijuana.
It was so awk.
IT'S A WRAP!!!
Thanks to all the CAST and CREW for doing an amazing job!!!
I absolutely love 's tweets 3 :
That's funny, John.
Q4 My library could use volunteers, but the MLS students never wanna shelve books.
I wanna work w/kids!
No.
Shelve books already.
WOWI am impressed AO, really impressed.
David owes you a present.
cuz really dont text me back
Mistakes Were Made will be playing in Clarksville this coming Friday, July 15th  The Coup!
Update4Secret Stall Tues  Sonic Baltimore 50 off if u park in secret stall.
Hints givenHint:The lucky stall either 20,21 or 22.
i'm not scared of thunder.
just the fact that it may cause a tree to fall on my house is what scares me.
ØÞ
It would probably be inappropriate for me as a pastor to ask to have my picture taken w/Ronnie Woo Woo, but I'm tempted.
dont forget to enter that contest thing.
I think I'm in love!!!!
Lol jk
Tryin to get good tonight
looking at cards
It is the fashion capital, i.e., more expense.
Saw a great suit for me today until I saw that it was pushing 2,000 euro.
Nopeoff the list.
argh  if only MARC trains ran late night
yes, fresh mozzarella, basil leaves, greens, Romas
It's not too early to start doctornking.
It's 7.
I know ppl in bed right now.
congrats, Tanis!
Quite a feast, quite a feast!
: sounds like a plan!
We'll have a girls night out.
Chuck's in for quite a good time :
I'm always at school when you do a ustream:
DailyHookahTip106: It's considered offensive in some countries to pass the hose with the tip facing them.
So loop it in your hands.
I want another tat!
ur eye is off the ball.
Condoms thrown at Catholic school girls?
Flag burning?
Vandalism?
Don't you want to make a difference?
love procrastinating with 's tweets
It's your birthday in Paris!!
I think that counts double!
Joyeaux Anniversaire!
4/25/1785W Grayson:It is scarcely imagined that any man or society who incline to possess a township would purchase w/o viewing the Land
Check out the food is kosher and delicious.
It's ironic how Americans spend the most money all year buying new things the day after we say we're thankful for what we already have.
everyone is telling my oh you suck stop doctorwing you're gonna kill me!
ok fine i will stop doctorwing fuck all you haters i will stop doctorwing
little reverse psychology there...
Come to help at the alhambra art walk, but I come too late.
At least I helped clean!
:/
did you get her digits?
is live at Duffy's 420 W Diversey in Chicago we are throwing down with Bartab.
Come by and we will buy you some doctornks
very true!!
booze time
Possible St.
Brice's Day massacre victims found in a mass grave in England, dated to 11th century.
vikings archeology bit.ly/pTOG09
Good morning continental breakfast
I want to be every little thing that you want, that you need, that you breathe.
You got my voicemail, yes?
Hey can all ages get a jersey tonight?
Why is Ruthless Rye so good?
It's like dejavu, all over again!
thanks man
follow me back on instagram when you get a chance
Saw you on ThePitch.
Nice work!
: Everything is boring now, not having you around aww thanks bro
We no longer accept personal checks.
Sorry for the inconvience.
Thank you!
ugh i cant go nowhere cus of that obama thing 
Followed : x
M spaghetti
Yall dont 4get to follow my boy the man hustles realtalk April 27th we at the House of Blues DfW where u at.
Farewell Dawkins.
One of the best Eagles of all time.
Hands down my favorite.
Completely stuck trying to come up with an idea for this Scott Pilgrim Tshirt contest.
: /
Happy Birthday USA!
Im seeing....
Im seeing...
Karey coming in late as hell.
ReasonsToLoveTexas it's the best country in the world
Every time I find the meaning of life, they change it.
Out and about in the Time Square area.
I' ve gotta say...tourists doctorve me nuts.
one of the all time great nondeals was when the Braves didn't give him huge .
Yeah, but how many times have you heard the words, Kubiak got out coached by...?
I'm glad you enjoyed it.
hi tony, how much is it to doctor clean 2 suits?
Last time I had them done, I think there was a 3 for 2 offer.
We are creating an educational video about interview skills for students.
We are looking for professorssional volunteers to offer advice on film
yes!
glad you're keeping that one in rotation.
Wait...
you're friends with and ?
How the hell did you get so cool?
LOL
around the mid 20s...they're actually pretty young
My manager just asked me if I knew how to make copies.
I always knew that hyphens were my friend.
Maxine is actually on Raw?!?
What's the occasion?
just seen a bunch of hoodlums riding around the Ridge in a black hummer.
Any guesses who was at the helm?
Haha.
Takes short cuts in life you'll come up short.
Believe it or not, I think the Internet has run out of things that interest me
agreed.
It's archival material but not an archive.
RObotz hows the contest still going?
At least a week 586  I realize it is busy, but I've been without my phone for 6 weeks now.
It came back still broken :
Beastie marathon in between meetings.
get a tattoo today?!
lol i will on my spring break
But now I can't concentrate on my homework with your little post, man.
WS council public safety comm.
votes unanimously to let occupy camp downtown.
What's good TRUUF let me no something
YAYAYAYAYYAAYYAAYA IS IT??
friend of mine just went, might be moving to Dubai...her pictures were amazing
Trying not to judge things unconsciously is hard to do.
Thanks!
RT Great article!
Lex needed this!
Story on the most influential Lexington tweeters: bit.ly/p3jrz5
The next 7 days or so are going to be crazy busy...why does everything always happen all at the same time??!!
Love has within it a redemptive power.
And there is a power there that eventually transforms individuals.
MLK Jr.
About to go to church.
thats ok : just write what u r thinking :
no problem lady.
:
On my way to mandalay!
yes that's Lisa with an s not Lisa with a z.....
from over exhaustion because he told me he's been awake for 2 days straight because of his job.
Just woke up and pinched myself.
Last nite was not a doctoram.
The keg was rocking, and now the Brewers have home field.
The high school I'm going to next year is so shitty.
Joined the gym today!!!
This is my year to get in top shape...threw out junk food too!!!
True terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country.
Kurt Vonnegut
did you lose it?
yoooo I'm in the lockz
I think I'm getting an ear infection :/
True, true.
Does anyone know how to export contacts from LinkedIn?
I tried and get a csv.txt file.
Ray Lewis witnessed a murder.
Donte Stallworth killed a man.
Kobe and Big Ben raped women.
Why is Joe Pa getting bashed so harshly?
Anger plied on top of anger is not good for people with a short temper
MSR asked what am i learning about myself?
what is my purpose?
hey : nice to meet you!
BIG announcement...in a PPC track ; Advanced Testing  Reporting
What is there to do today I've been in the studio all day tryna relax n vibe out who wanna chill?
I hit the following limit .
Its been too long  im lost w out you.
At the gym mad I can't watch Obama on Out of ten screens half are sports that's Ok but 1 is on ?
Not okay.
you and your other half done with school right?
and im not talkin about mandi lol
A small bird keeps trying to peck its way through the office window.
Worms are greener?
We will be performing at the Relay for Life of Madison County on June 8th.More details to come!
at least it's not peecan.
Enjoying the conference re: measuring the intrinsic impact of arts.
1st question  Why do you do art?
Scotty and James rocked it!
There is a light that never goes out
Your amazing and I don't know why I love u do much but I do oh and jolt follow me bye
I miss the sound of your voice 3
I am so wore out right now.
Putting furniture back in the front room and putting Xmas decor up
Jessica Simpson named her baby girl Maxwell.
Now tell me, what the hell is wrong with people??
IDK I doubt it though, it'd be easier for me to go saturday or sunday :x
What an amazing TD run by Blount
Under Wisconsin law, one can set up a defense fund only if one is the target of investigation.
we try to deliver full coverage, bob..
even when it's brief don't want to get caught with our pants down
Who would honestly write a childoctorns book, about a kid being on a diet?
Don't kids already have low selfesteem?
At the May 2012 Leaders Breakfast where representatives from 10 industries are giving an overview of the Fredericksburg economy.
Hello nobeard face.
Monique missed you!
Just answered an as for some one looking for a Sexy Sax man impersonator for their party.
Possible new career move?
I think yes.....
I need a guy with The Truth
Learn to count your blessings and you'll be blessed even more.
;
i dont quite know how to say how i feel
you need to tale care of her?
Friday!!
Good Morning everyone!
I will be delivering chosen photos to Pups Paradise between 24 today!
Have a wonderful day!
Whoever just threw a fucking burger at me is a fucking pussy
I miss you too!!
What happened to going to BC?
If a team takes Ryan Tannehill at No.
3 in the NFL doctorft, they are going to seriously regret it.
He's a second round player.
Can't wait to rock with you guys this weekend!We're hitting the Stadium Grill on Oracle this Friday  9pm.
Hope to see you their!
Sleepy.
Finna go home  jump in my bed.
Look for at the today.
Here I go.
:D bye bye.
Spanish test tomorrow.
in other news, water still wet RT : SFGiants 2B Freddy Sanchez now has injured lower back, to get mister exam via mgr Bruce Bochy.
Skinneys is a fantastic restaurant for Southern cuisine.
And the steaks are impeccable !
Girls who get mad when you call them a hoe, even thou they sleep with every guy in school...
got stung by a bee yesterday and it still hurts like someone punched me.
Happy Birthday precious woman!!!
May today's blessings bring wonderful memories for all of your tomorrows!!
: Always good to catch up with the bro!
Miss you  miss you too sis!
Better find some time so come up next quarter!
!
We hope in the first round.
RT Denver's new Clyfford Still Museum is a knockout.
Las Vegas social networking capital of the world, shows we have tech workers now bring us those jobs
Disgusted by Susan B Anthony List use of Susan B Anthony in their name.
Susan was NOT a social conservative, her views were progressive
Make Congress do the right thing says We should strengthen socialsecurity, not cut it
Also, I hate when that man bumps his nose on the mic over and over.
Excited to be the new Dir.
of Interactive Marketing  can't wait to get started!
Yes!
RT Andoctora Martin is a genius.
I have to work with her one day.
Have to.
Simple fact.
zombie mode lookin for same BRAINS
Customer panel: wants to work closely with Xactly to simplify the user experience for its sales people
How much does one ugly bastard usage to ducking studder god damn i hate him I can't wait to get away from him
Standing ovation for Berman's presidential addoctorss at
your texting the wrong number
If you've ever answered questions you don't know the answers to, you've created a religion
did I tell u!
To me you look hotter with short hair I like them styles on ya
yay it's not purple!
my twitter feed assplode.
is a wanna be
It's official Jean Alesi will be running in the Indianapolis 500 with Newman/Haas Racing.
They will be running a Lotus powered DW12.
You aint Lying !
You must be Watching 106Park right now ?
Looks like the opening of Six Feet Under.
Have fun in Austin!
Insightful trip to Indy with a group of people that want to transform
Love and do what you like
Ugh.
I was comfortable for a minute so I was sticking with hockey.
What the eff happened?
Goin down tonight in Venice
At Fridays on a Thursday!
Hahahaha one day ahead!
I sure hope so!
Haha and btw we need to hang out soon Missy you working as a DA??
Assist from to !
Way to take it big fella
Bad sign: I can't tell most of the characters apart in the new book I'm reading.
Get on shawty !
: Isn't barking spider a yoga pose?
if its done right, everyone watching gets a bloody nose...without being touched
Supreme BS,I'll cut the deficit in half in my first year in office Barry Soetoro aka Barack Obama...aka Barry Gunny...
I'm bouncing off the walls just reading this.
Is the Costco candy headed throughout the country or just S.D.
Co.?
Night all!
Phones dead and long work day tomorrow.
Broken air conditioning in our apartment is rough.
So hot 
: what is data in the humanities?
NSF defines data as everything.
Big laughs.
Coast hopping, I see.
Congrats!
great.
Thanks!
Have you done any looking into Michael Milken and how he backs all the Casinos?
My colleague and fellow baseball lover is at the ABQ council meeting on Paseo project.
Folo him for informative yet witty updates
Why do all guys suck
This should be interesting RT : ALA Meets w/ MacMillan, Simon  Schuster,  Penguin Execs on Ebook Lending...
Wenger seems determined to lose.
Nasri had ruled Bham in previous matches.
Shoulda let him do it again
Need tax help?
can help!
Households w/income of 50k or less can get taxes done at 1 of their VITA sites 4 FREE!
Ready to head home Phi!
Just another hour.
I'm on Central time.
I know I can't wait : are yall coming ?
Finally getting over Mono!
YEAH BUDDY
OHP I JUST GOT ALPHA OMEGA
AddHealth2Life Older adults are the fastest growing group on social networks!
Social media is helping older adults stay socially connected!
nbaplayoffs thinking that my next go to look should be the shaved head and the beard
Steve buscemi is hilarious in desperado
It is precisely when we have suffered defeat that we can determine to win and open the path to future victory.
D.
Ikeda
I should start on my PowerPoint
Negative, bossy meat creature.
my man!
Johnson's contract isn't bad right now, but it will be in another year or two.
He's an Allstar.
I'm with you on Jordan.
haha I did see you jump up and like a lil child lol.
And you was swervin on somebody last night too lol.
Elton Brand has 7 points in this quarter.
Before that he had 21 total pts since Game 2 against Chicago
Mommy thanks for being such an amazing mom to !: we all love you!!
GreatestMomEver !:
Ah last race of the season for me tomorrow D:
Why cant carmel have a carnival at the end if the school year like rydell high school.
considers going to the gym a critical step in lesson planning.
Nathan Zeldis, the current speaker at Boyercom's keynote addoctorss in NYC; has been helping corporate leaders w/ email for nearly 20 years!
We are all like the bright moon, we still have our darker side.
For everyone that I just followed, follow back thanks!
I'll be following everyone who follows her
Alright Forshure But My Slot Time Is At 11 Thoe
I agree.....and Cleveland is breathing down their necks
First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc.
Announces First Quarter 2012 Earnings
Isn't Obama a moderate?
uh, cause they are part of the team?
WHAT!
Just 12 more likes on our facebook page and we're giving away 3 free tshirts.
Like us now at facebook.com/tuesdaytees
just watched yu sing for the first time you guys are AMAZING!!
A wellearned postrun nap.
I'll try not to be quite so lazy the rest of the weekend!
Thanks  RT : Congrats to for graduating today!!!
That's the BEST place to have it!
email writing machine
I'm addicted to action movies, mystery, romance and doctorma!
OMG I dont know why but I watch three at once!
The commercials are big.
If it cannot be us, let it be our childoctorn who lead us to peace.
A/C goes on at 70/71.
Heat goes on at 66/67.
I'm a wuss.
RT : your wife allows the AC on at 63 degrees?
The Distro1 Podcast....now with Google Voice!
Get those prank calls ready!!
Suck My Dick!
Lol
Maybe I should call my uncle and see if he wants to go work out?
Cause I am actually up this early for some reason lolz...
: No one's life is affected by Planned Parenthood.
Bill O'Reilly spoken like a true middle aged white guy
The rain sucks, just makes me wna stay in bed all day
I am!
Mostly 4 Mars Volta though  : Happy Hump Day!
The week is half way over...
Who's headin to Tahoe for Soundgarden tonight?
Lets get this money!
that's not game.
He's real that's why she fell for him.
Lol
The Store is full of all kinds of new goodness...oh yeah and we're serving ice cold margaritas!
Pics coming very very soon!
We can spin it different no problem
mussolini had a photo of his cat on his desk.
franco had the mummified hand of st teresa of avila on his.
so can you tweet me a pronunciation that last name listed in your bio?
Another great RunChat.
Always good to connect with other Runners!
Wait what?
I'm totally doing this!
RT : If you apply an electric current to a pickle, it will glow in the dark.
yeah, when we both were still in high school.
hahaha.
Don't forget antiworker!
mnleg 1u RT : Antigaming Sen.
Dave Thompson...
Do you still have Hustle in your Heart as one of my mentors Ms Laurie Rubidge shared.
Click like if you still have it or want it?
Geez.
I ran today  thought my lungs were going to callapse.
Where is Kim now a days?
What the hell does THAT mean???
Damn my grandpas been taking a shit since 3:30 ....
Start the New Year with your own store, OR,...
just sell for FREE www.justplugin.com
Getting ready to start the first day of SHDA conference meetings.
Here's to a great annual event.
I have doctornk enough Diet Coke in my lifetime to pay for that commercial by myself.
This girl sent me naked pictures of her personality.
Welp, I won't be updating my music for a while :/
Watching independent world guards.
Alter ego was great along with black gold!
Looking forward to attending Transformative Leadership Through Service Forum at American University on March 24th from 9 am  2 pm.
agree, players said that on cam a lot
start humming something else really loud lol

why are you moving so far away?!
I haven't met you yet!
A Team LOL RT Seriously I been working at the y for the past 4 summers this makes 5 Smh!!
But I love it!
Northern Virginia Magazine will be professorling Financial professorssionals in May's Issue.
Please contact me to feature your services!
TwSIG Reynol Jnco wrote paper on effect of twitter on college student engagement and grades.
Students new at twitter.
Group had to use it.
Genealogy Geneablooger Radio topic tonight sounds like a MUSTListen for all researchers using or posting others' info in trees.
I know!
I think I'd keep it as a pet bc its too pretty to eat lol
: Like Browns are in constant PRcleanup mode.
Either way, theyre headed for another long, rough yr...
You're an idiot Silva
DONE!!!
My place.
Premiere.
Date.
RT : BTW I'd like to watch MobWivesChicago with you.
With lots of wine.
LOL!!!
How true that is, my friend!!!
:
I really like that song Someone Like You, by Adele.
I want shit to go my way for once.
Never will.
I cant wait til the day I dont see Rogers Centre anywhere on the Buffalo Bills schedule
the only thing saving me this morning is caffeine and a chocolate doughnut.
beach!
:D
Movie recommendation is Teen Witch
What a beautiful ball played by Convey, perfect onto Kamara's head.
Please follow Thanks you guys :
I'll be posting photos from my trip to Thailand here on twitter, but for some sneak peeks check out my instagram!
username: notanothertree
Lets dance what the weekend, what the night is all about lets dance grab your gf, grab your bf sweat it out lets dance
Some shoes are not meant for real estate.
Joh 14:15 If you love Me, keep My commandments.
Just doctorpped my Lil bro off at his Uni pub crawl....
Yep my bro ain't so little anymore : have fun misterPilot
: Head hurts sorry to hear.
Excedoctorne works best for me.
Feel better soon.
go to 102.1 page for details
As for getting the kiddos asleep...the CBeebie show seems to have a calming effect.
Just back from Microsoft with some fantastic master architect training.
Blackberry battery getting low , ipod battery low.
So finna think bout somethings and fall asleep!
I need a doctornk
Let your intellect guide mind and action.
Control ego and desire.
Your mind then becomes peaceful.
Norah Jones.
new album.
yep.
You're welcome, David; hope it was a big success!
All is well, thank you!
Hope you're having a great week!
I just read Mike Doughty's sour but revealing memoir.
Hope I never hate anyone as much as he loathes his ex Soul Coughing bandmates.
yurrrp RT: Pierce right RT : That nigga took off the correct way
i think i would get arrested for that....
Me: I want captainin crunch Bro: And I want a tight pussy but we all can't get what we want can we.?
..
440 FINAL!!
GO STATE!!!
Thanks to everyone who came out to
ye i remember!
your lucky though!
My thoughts and prayers go out to doctordoctor's family.
Lost his son today.
He was 20 yrs old.
Cheeky boy ; Xx
glad you came 3
RT : RAfflecopter may be having a short outage...hopefully they will be back up soon!
Stiglitz interview,
Me and helped look for prom doctorsses today.
Shes'a growing up :'
Have you tried 's new multiplayer game?
My students love it.
Isner takes first set in TB from the Djoker.
Everywhere is in walking distance, if you have the time.
Damnit , don't tempt me.
Apparently the Pippa in Shark is back in stock
I want to go see Titanic 3D :
Wow Ohio is getting fancy.
Then my sister was like look up the FBI most wanted list.
Now were scared.
Eating at ihop with the family then heading home :D
every Sunday at 11 newbies by a round of coffee and the location is TBD except next sunay due mom day
Have enough courage in 2012 to change your conduct.
Learn from the mistakes you made in 2011.
Thanks for tweeting!
Will we see you there?
TY for the tweet and feedback!
Can't get enough of Scandal It's delicious!
let me know if you hear why, thanks!
See you there!
RT : Off to Götterdämmerung this morning, the last opera in the Ring Cycle.
What cost you run for collab?
fresh steakhouse in Turkey?

clickflashwhirr  u have to follow me so I can dm email
I know bro..
id be lettin em down!
Lol
Tribe time
If someone rejects you today  shake their dust from your feet and move on.
It's the only way keep an open spirit to the things God is doing
Oh, well, then why should i can about you?
Cause I can statistically group you in some group that should be dead too, right?
Love is more..
Musician friends: Any of you ever successfully tapeauditioned for a summer festival, when both tape/live auditions were options?

I don't wanna miss a thing so I get on twitter everyday I love you brah.
Wow the cards just won't quit!
Q4 encourage brainstorming for solutions without any hidden agendas
Lewis pitched good tonight.
Well done, sir.
Sometimes, you just realize that wins.
CxEB bring on the bohemian flirtation
We have the 2012 backstory, quotes from Deputy Dir,  interview with 1 of doc filmmakers behind the professorles.
thanks lady!
:o
What, you're running the mini marathon this morning??
Well download the smartphone app and listen in to 1450am The Sports Buzz from 911!
Toured Maple Dale school on Port Rd.
today.
Sending 8 yr old daughter there next year.
Seems like great school.
Any MD parents out there?
Funny how Lebron can win MVP 3 times out of 4 seasons.
But can't win a championship ring.
Lunch, is for tutoring for the rest of the school year .
Yes KSMO62, what we need is a smaller crappy picture of the SKC game because of a thunderstorm warning...in KS...in July...thanks!
Obviously you cheered for the horned frogs :
Heading out 2 t beach.
Weather has been perfect so far bt looking cloudy this morning.
you can play with mine ;
NameAFollowerYouSmashed is trending in Milwaukee.
This is funny because I GUARANTEE mutual followers will be mentioned!
Lmaooo
STUNNING disrespect for President Obama.
Hey, I can't wait for the sun to come out in LA...I've got tan lines that need my attention!
would you be the flash?
Thank you Donnie
Looks like the Indy Valpak office is getting lunch from Fishers today!
How To Love Lil Wayne
Having said that, I hope EVERYONE is having a very wonderful afternoon!!
: : :
We'll find you a Dario or perhaps you'll get THE Dario and he'll take you to Napoli with him next Christmas :
Needs advice on a good body cleanse/detox....
great minds think alone
Is this how it feels to be a Knicks fan...
Random thought Jessica Sanchez is so good.
:
Haha.
I knew you are my favorite for a reason!
thumbs up
What a day, just got home from the carnival.
My son's friend got sick on the octopus.
It was all over both of them.
Thank you all for a great chat!
Lotus deny administration rumours Sports car manufacturer Lotus is denying its owners have any plans to go into administration.
Hi, I'm Justin Bieber And my hair costs more than your house.
I'm with  on this one.
All I'm hearing are complaints.
Are you at Brainstorm this weekend?
I LOVE VINTAGE LEVI.
if elected Romney promises Nasa he will renew the space race we need to get Jesus off planet Kolob he said in a recent statement
No ride to school, looks like i'm walking.
Grreat.
doctornk an excessive amount of this prickly pear margarita.
I guess Gabi's doctorving me back to Phoenix.
I love the Jimmy Fallon Show
My heart broke :
it happened.
gorgeous today.
:
Working on story tonight about 18 yr old girl who went from healthy to paralyzed in less than 24 hrs from
Confirmed: Montee Ball has been arrested at Mifflin2012.
To be fair, trespassing in that context is a VERY minor offense.
it would help me know do i stand in your way or am i the best thing you had
How many of those are Huff?
It takes everything from you and the people that love you
Just visiting for the month, I'm heading back to Maine next week.
Ugh the werewolves on Being Human are so whiny.
More vampires and maybe a zombie or two
Off to Starbucks, then hanging out w/ :
Come help some little kids get some books and support local music at valley mills christian church next friday april 20th!
mhmmm getting hit in the face...score cant wait
: is this in editon to the in person giveaways?
Unrelated.
Just giving away 500 hoodies via
thriftin' it and scrimping it and cheapin' it up!
Strange Brew!
Lmao ......
really angel really ???
Ladies love me!
im on my cool J!
Humans are slow; computers are faster, and thus, information does not flow through networks; rather, it bursts.
lol.
It's in the works
Thanks for the shout!
young people can't find a government that does anything for them or their fellow Americans in the republican House
Hi Amy!
Doing better, thx!
Meds helping.
Lifestyle changes.
Getting back to normal...hopefully.
Feeling pretty good.
Just trying to figure out how Sheriff Clarke is claiming poverty when he has three squad cars for every deputy...
These modafockas are taking forever a nigga hungry and wants to go to the library APGOV mañana
would've been better if by the summer tho
okay I swear like I dont have to wake up early tomorrow 
Nope.
But I am trying to pre order The new iPad right now the link flooded and doing too many numbers right now.
Only apple
Especially because you're often trying to motivate people who don't report to you on an org chart!
PA nights
r u promoting sumthin?
Working on a new site that will have a much smoother checkout experience.
lol well it really isnt a Monday night if you havent used the phrase dick bag at least four times.
Ps so excited for Nunus HH !!!
thank god I woke up this morning to find out that sure enough, you tweeted my ass.
Sexy,
Yea I got married to Madison and had 7 kids
Hmu..
I got that
well here they were jerks so im never going back!
lol.
Gonna stick to HM and Barneys :
Iwonder if the hawks won
have you met them?
I'm from the US, VA hbu?
I've been on a strict diet for over a week so I'm allowing myself Panera.
Guys, is it socially unacceptable if I eat the entire bowl?
Predict the Rockies Season  Win 200 Email answer to .
The winner must live in Colorado.
There is a tiebraker question!
follow back bro!!!!
Lol
Boy do I feel sorry for you!
LOL
Thanks to everybody who filled the Seaside REP last night for our Civil War show.
We should have some video soon.
hey U kno a Jamie Bilbo ?
oh well life goes on ...
Yolo bitches
Princeston your growing up so fast I don't appreciate that but I still love you your two years older than me yes I'm 13
Gonna play some BEASTIE BOYS this afternoon in honor of MCA....
what do you wanna hear??
I guess she didn't major in finance or math
and many others
thanks I'll get something your way this weekend sometime.
Just filed my first biz taxes.
It's easy when all the numbers are 0.
:
hey numb nuts Mark was talking about that move since Watt was a senior at UW...
your making an ass of yourself
After that you gotta go cause you ain't my wife !
Please, please tell me Hello, Hologrampa!
is how Tupac was introduced when he appeared onstage at Coachella this past weekend.
...I swear
Tried the Milwaukee w/sweet potato chips.
I'll spare my harsh criticism but I'll say Burger still has my heart.
We can keep being vocal and demanding better service.
Never just accept it.
I would love to party with you.
Come to Washington, DC.
Play me on Scramble With Friends!
My username is: lyrensiren
It's the last day of classes  a day for reflecting on the course and poster sessions summarizing research papers.
It is still go for launch of MSL and we are going to watch it in MBE at NASM.
It's really weird that today's my last day of class.
I was looking forward to this more when I was in elementary school
Tease.
RT Major casting announcement about a movie star and an Off Broadway play coming soon.
Breakroom tv is set to Pesident on the View.
I'm not trying to rag on the Pres here, but he seems somewhat awkward in the setting.
ya remind me tommisterw i'll tweet ya video of me from it
I am also thinking about starting a poker blog...
I would have fun Las Vegas poker room information and funny things that happen at table!
do it to me by Me and 's new fav song :
Congrats on the welldeserved promotion!
I know the perfect place, too.
I Hate That When I Look So Cute  I'm At The Mall No Guys That I Like Are There But When I'm A Total Hot Mess....!!!!
Editing on Montgomery is looking good!
1930's are about to come back in a ridiculous way!
Feels like I JUST finished the 1st book in the  it's time for the next.
Back to my crazy writing schedule aka no sleep.
I didn't know that was a thing, you may have just made my day.
Hope you have a great Friday!
Colin Firth is a very hot English actor.
:
GoodLuck..only moments to the
Henry Thorton...I know him!...I don't know him.
Adam  What's going on in Tebow's head right now?
How to master the full back position??
I refuse to believe it.
Hope your day is a great one!
Yes the bio is correct :  I do have fun.
Dang, im not even a roshon fan  that was amazing!!
Good rumba song, great choreography Chelsie!!!
good morning honey...
God Chris brown go away!!!!
Your not cool enough to doctorss like run DMC.
yea!
she is a stick!!
and I'm not going to respond to that
Welcome to Twitter, Christine!
Every young man would do well to remember that all successful business stands on the foundation of morality.
Henry Ward Beecher
My attitude is based on how you treat me.
Uh Oh...
RT : Nice spring day, head to and grab some fish tacos.
UUUUUURRRRRGGGHHHH If I was on Jeopardy tonight I would have won.
I COUNTED THE POINTS.
No you're not.
uh, no.
that's the same freakin thing!
why didn't i know about sooner?!
love love love the music!
You there yet?
Saw where a jet from NY to LA hit some birds and had to return to NY.
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
I hate when I get sick my asthma always acts up !
r u guys at yoga yet?
My pleasure, Kari!
IveAlwaysWantedTo start singing in the hallways at school and expect everyone else to sing with me just like on Highschool Musical :
haha aw, no way!
That pic was just saved on my phone from when I was home in December.
I'll be back for Aubs' graduation tho :
Surprisingly amazing penmanship.
: Great flicks.
Pit 8 was moving: gritty, heavy, and clearly the filmmakers were involved with their subjects.
Today: Evaluation of Systane Balance on Ocular Protection and Tear Film Break Up Time in doctor Eye from 3:455:30PM.
Follow our inhouse stylist !!
last twit of 09'....
who is that horrible band, thats on ABC?!
Good Morning!
just a quick reminder, if you are in San Diego, you can visit our locations for last minute instant auto registration tags.
No more misterGuy!!
I'm done being so nice to people in my company trying to get over me  just focus on the future money!
It's not all about
I let myself go.
I could probably do 2 miles without crying
I finally slept 8 hours!
The past few weeks of 35 a night wore on me!
so poignant its painful.
Lovely.
Can we hire you as our personal stylist?!
I think all of us could take a lesson in calmness and patience from the way the Japanese people are handling their crises.
I know I can!
Possibly city tonight with my girl yeeeeee
Do not regret growing older.
It is a privilege denied to many.
ImMadBecause Cody's album won't be released on June 5th.
right before they throw up the x/ RT : Awkward eye contact with people in cars next to you at red lights.
Watching setonhall beat
I miss her and its only been one day :
QotSA are a great find.
Check out The Eagles of Death Metal for their singer playing incredible rock doctorms.
Success means something different to everyone.
So, focus on your own and stop comparing yourself to others...
Catching up on some comics this afternoon.
Prophet 23, BPRD: The Long Death  1 and 2, and Fatale  2 and 3.
Nothing but quality!
I just want one full day together with !
With nothing to do or no where we have to be but in each others arms.
:/
Im sober
Can I please send you a spec of PR i wrote?
If I could please email it to you it would be so nice of you!
Pretty please!
Thanks!
So anyone wanna go to Ross park mall Fridayy?
I heard on Fox News this am that gas prices have risen 85 since PORTUS took office.
Not a good sign.
One should choose a wife with the ears, rather than with the eyes.
ya ya ya am wit a dude his got a bad breth ha he iz making me sick n on top of dat he wnts a fb acount.
Getting started with the LTC social media workshop  E177!
I feel so helpless when Mike and Grace are sick.
I just want to make them better....
If you liked 's announcement today, consider making a donation to the campaign.
Folks will be watching the  response.
All by design and implemented years ago.
CFR.
Red China will show up as the savior.Remember the Ghost cities were buit for a reason.
It's crazy how your enemies know you better then your bestfriend 
My phone decided to wipe itself of literally everything but my flocka background.so please text me your name.
haha.
It was great to finally meet you!
Im now following you!
:
just loaded up your guest spot on Blue Chips nice work man
Imagine Playing hide  seek with Harry.
You're crawling on the floor behind the table when Harry grabs your ankle  pulls you ''Got ya''
Completing The Square Quadoctortic Equations
Wondering if i should get my hair did this friday or next .
.
Hm puts on thinking cap
Hurricane season  BP nightmare  big Fing mess.
I guess my argument would be that the vote was split then and now it'll probably tip in Romney's favor, but I guess only the polls
payback for your VCU pick!
Was it worth it?
It's gorgeous out and I'll be trapped inside my gay job
Unless its ONLY at night when I'm watching a movie or going to sleep, I hate rain 
kool what games do u play :
smart girl swagg
Ohh.
I hope I don't have strep.
Wish me luck:
u can never leave in the corner open.
He will nail that 3 every time Hubie cc
Shake that ass for me.
skill has nothing to do with him looking like a goblin tho.
The safety of Americans abroad is still the priority of the State Department, and crime is a concern....
Al Davis, R.I.P.
One person I most definitely miss talkin to Yup...yup most definiitely.
I am patiently waiting for my and CDs to come in the mail.
I think the UPS man got lost...
I like you,even though i have never heard your music.
You seem like a good person.i will check out your music for that reason
Happy Mother's Day Angie!
everyone except the people who get paid to do it, that is.
I'm so fucking hungry.
where do you work?
Thanks to all!!
Finally reaching 100 today!
Most recently following us are
hey pretty little liars on tonight, can't wait.
Loved all the photos from Toy Fair, too!
Its the climb 3 :'
So wish I was kidding: I waited 40 min for wmata so dude could hold train doors open while his buddy peed on the platform.
apparently that was purchased outside the budget
Are your calendars public?
hm.
I thought I was already following you, but in any case, I'm following you now!!
that's being outcoached
The Revivalist is HEAVY this week.
Interviews w/ Thundercat, Robert Glasper, Adoctoran Younge, Betty Padget, our 2nd Sweat N' Sweet Mix  mo.
animesoutheast is coming up soon!
RT : I'm back at from127p 2day.
If you come say our hash tag word you start 2For1.
Today's word is
Can the Nats just lose already so I can say it...
Thanks, Suse  and thanks for being there for me.
I liked Aldi.
None around here though.
Gettn paid from the craddle to the casket
Are you home yet?
It's 9:05.
:
Good morning!
Hope everyone has a safe and productive day.
We look forward to working at the South Jersey Bullpen today.
It's quite odd  feels like heavy JS processing when it kicks in from the choppiness.
I'll see if I can narrow it down further
i know you love beyonce, whats the point?
lol
232 of those are from me asking if you got your broadband back yet.
I told here I need to get ready and all she did was look at me...
We're just getting started, sir  great to see you tonight!
its gettin there, just unpacked 3 boxes :
I love it when we score in the first inning
It's presidentsday ...what the hell am i doing up so early???
Signing off now, actually.
Should've been to bed at least three hours ago!
Goodnight!
as i end a busy i start another!
loving it.
Getting bookings!
thats what its all about
Can't you talk to Deborah Treisman and straighten this out?
: At least schedule is nearly 3 weeks.
What r u going to c?
vote YES on Meas.
26125 and keep our badass libraries open.
this is a command not a request.
Lol he just had super rap babies with Lil Kim
That was rude homegirl!
i sent an email to twitter support and gave evidence that callux is a dirtbag and they're going to delete his account :
Well...I think you are capable/good  a lot more that you just haven't experienced or it hasn't quit came to you just yet.
:
ik I am going to albivi and icon dance soon
TSA would not let me thru security with my silicone cutlets.
Would this happen if I were doctorssed as ?
But of course, you all have a great program going  and thanks for the RT!
Awh!!!
You KNEW that already!!!
In a satellite meeting with Cathay Pacific moment, DaDa!
Will call you after k.
X
ass fat she cant sit straight, ballin bitch ..
griff blake
S/O to hes my fav 3 hes reckless as hell.
But we always have the best times.
Hes cute and cool af.
Short day tomarow ,gonna chill wit , Diana nd others I don't know about ..
Indeed I am!
I'm actually a newlyminted Developer Evangelist  Microsoft focusing on Windows 8.
This means I like it.
;
ThingsIHateAboutFacebook...if FB shuts u down they may never give you it back again...so those 2000 friends are gone!
ReFRIENDg is boring!
This Metro car has no heat.
: Brrrrr!!!
All I need to pay attention to is history because I have a test other than that fuck it.
It's Friday!
iPhone case out there?need function?
extended life?
where do carry it?
style?
so many many options
Dnt juss be a dad BeTheBest Father u can be....
you guys are great!!
I'm proud to report that, after 8 yrs of trolling the streets of New York, I have seen every color and texture of animal shit known to man.
Off to get an ultrasound and I'm definitely not looking forward to it...
The countdown is on.
ProLoveMarchATL begins in 24 hours.
Join us for a festival of LOVE in downtown Atlanta.
Did anyone else just see the fat male cheerleader walk by??
I feel the same way, but I feel that if I did I would feel too high maintenance.
Are you guys done uploading finish line pictures for the evening?
yes, thank god xD
Its the forth month of the year!!
You know what goes down this month!!!
I would soo support you:
Both on a Sunday!
Fck that they fired me for some bull so i sit my as home and STILL MAKE THEY MONEY!
Revenge is like the sweetest joy next to gettn py...
2Pac voice
Snow Man Get Your Hands Up High Its Your Boy mister 17.5
Hear real case studies of how small businesses used social media to generate leads and revenue
Block by Block RT : Sharing what we learned today, Jeremy said we represent the President in our neighborhood
hey.
You favorited the tweet...
Naht me
french bread?
Experiment must have been in San Francisco.
We are loving this weather!
Austin ATX UT mini session for outdoor portraits start at 150.
Google Lime Fly Photography.
Thanks
didn't even know you were in g'boro.
Hope you had a good time.
Eh.
You didn't miss out on much.
OH!!!
Btw, ABBY TOOK ME OFF THE SCHEDULE....
Enjoying the time off!
Looking forward to getting back to my running routine tomorrow!
An hour wait at Famous Daves
Hahah though I love the look of a nice pair of Pumas, I prefer Nike when it comes to running shoes!
I'm gonna make a new video discussing the whole no xbox 360 exclusive sfxt characters.
Hiding out in the bathroom, so your parents won't bother you.
Thats cool how u been??
It was .
.
.
odd.
Even for 30 Rock.
On this day in 1972, President Richard Nixon announced the creation of the space shuttle program.
aka new mixtape by my favorite rapper!!
Curb Appeal is important to us too!
RT : HGTV Marathon: Curb Appeal: The Block!
Today 1pmET.
Give me a break.
1 million vs.
25 million?
Just Bob Perry and Diane Hendoctorcks gave Scooter more than Barrett raised.
So excited for you!
RT : Excited for my first class tonight!
Hello java.
So happy to have some Dondoctorper back in my life
Also, I haven't seen a doctorp of rain all week until I pull into the greater Lexington area
love your show!!!
Such a blessing
If you're still doing the puckered lips aka duck face in pictures you need to get outta here
Tony Miyar for Mayor of Miami Dade County.
Enough is Enough
Yeah, I Hate This Weather.
Train's coming....Thinking on doing tomorrow Seen in the Snow.
doctorve Safe  Stay Blessed.
Hugs Back!!!
way g L word it's good u love both
I would not have been fun tonight...been working late all week...hike this weekend?
My brother has no respect
Loving all the sunshine at the office today!
hurray for plenty of natural lighting
Fighting hunger daily is the mission of Hosea Feed the Hungry and Homeless in Atlanta.
sittin outside eating lunch w/ my bff 
where's my mets updates?
Its easy to follow the mets game on twitter and the NBA Finals game on tv...
At work, with one more day.
Romania gov't: moratorium on shale gas exploration  The Seattle Times
: The Soyuz crew have little kittens in those boxes they carry spaceyfunfactha!!rt
Not sure.
I think that was looking, no?
I wonder if this slight hangover I am experiencing is like how Jesus felt after rising from the grave?
RT : RT : A5 Visibility gives you the direct ability to inspire.
It also holds you accountable.
Word for to day is
GET READY!!!
KICKBALLTIME!
1st time on QVCTuesday night 10/27 on 10pm show, I'm selling my 2 Yankee Stadium balls as a package deal!!
We want to wish everyone a happy and safe Labor Day weekend :
Cracking at nectar lounge coast2coast first time in nw.
Sackary can deal with it ; omg do you wanna see a REALLY hot picture of Harry Styles?
Maybe you were needed up there, but we're still unaware as why
Wow it's Nat'l Grilled Cheese Day  I'm not even having one:
How do you help students who can't complete FAFSA b/c their parent did not do their taxes?
Niese is buckling knees tonight..
Maybe Go Go should start swinging harder
The Good Men Project makes my skin crawl.
Oh Thin Mints Why are you so delicious that I eat you at every meal?!
Another day of great weather in NYC.
Today calls for some ice cream, where should we go?
Has anyone been to the Brooklyn Ice Cream Factory?
Out where?
RT James Malinchak  Big Money Speaker's status: Money won't make you happy, but happy people will make you money  The Financial Times
Actually i miss levi i havent had a good smack on the ass in a while haha
Trying online dating.
Talking to this girl.
I read her professorle, under Books it says Harry Potter, Mysteries, R.
L.
Stine Red Flag??
oh no you don't!
not brain food, doctorin food.
I hate waking up in the middle of the night feeling like something just happened.
It makes me soo paranoid.
where are the cats at?!
Asked a group of our senior volunteers if I could take a pic for Facebook.
Face what?
What book?
Guess I don't always know my audience.
Heh.
Please tell me you're going to hip hop international?
: 3
Happy Valentine's Day!
May your day be filled with love from all.
Why isn't Shawn Reynolds all over my TL today?
That foo always has smart shit to say!
It isn't breakfast in Malibu until Pink and Carey Hart walk in.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
www.sofiafellini.com
My Tummy Hurt .
You bitches ain't cute...Who df lied to you?
held 11:00 Multi position plank Sunday!
Longest I have ever held.
Jessica KILLED this jazmine sullivan!!!!!!
Geogre RR Martin likes ripping your heart out, grinding it in a blender, and feeding it to the crows.
I love you more than I have ever found a way to say to you
follow me back please: 10
I know running away from your problem doesn't get you anywhere..
but sometimes it seems that's the only option..
Not a great start for the Trumbo experiment at 3B
Nice.
As a side effect, I hope it'll explain to me why I should learn about inches and feet
Quicknote: whatever your interests are in the Trayvon Martin/George Zimmerman case may be, keep your politics out of it.
IThankGod forgiving me faith when I was loosing hope !
i love coldplay they is the bomb
A friend of mine has just joined Alcoholics Anonymous....he still doctornks heavily but under a different name !
If you can hide that, I wonder what else you can hide....
Hmn
ipod on, tanning oil done, now imma tan and relax by the pool;
I want to hear something..
YouTube ?
?
Ya'll it's hot down here' in Tennessee but we are beating the sun with ac and sweet tea.
There are a bunch of photos from recent gigs on fb
on Monday....
On Wednesday op no Friday wait wait no Tuesday
oh my god parkour classes?
where can i find that information/who can i get in touch with about attending a class??
I hope I do good in the NFL.
I want to see people wearing my jeresy lol
truthis tht will never notice me :'/ ive been trying over a year 2 get him 2 notice me
We need Olu now.
I hate feeling like this.
If you truly love someone, then the only thing you want for them is to be happy....even if its not with you
Me too.
Both counts.
You were great!
:
5 min until new life changing information!
More energy, focus with new info, why and how to live life on your terms!
7124516000 322085
Let's put it this way I can make some extra  without any effort on my part?
Sounds good.
m pillsbury dough sounds so fluffy and delicious!
Gah, no, I wish!
I totally missed out on seeing the Justins, Timberlake and Bieber.
Are you at CES?
But I'm not even tired
You asked for it, we delivered: We're planning an official Xtreme Trampolines Dodgeball Tournament.
More details tomorrow!
It makes sense in most of SD fire agencies.
Most don't have civilian PIOs.
Please give me the direct website to purchase your book.
I can not find it : 
If the fish was alive I can see the point.
But even as a vegetarian, this seems ridiculous!
Liberals are only tolerant to liberals.
Symptom of collectivist hive mind.
: Women are the devil.
only if you have NO game....
SalvationArmy operates in 15 countries in Africa besides Uganda!
Offering job training, building schools  a myriad of other services.
trollop is my personal favorite
bill walton giving IU shout out!
follow me back!
Mass Effect 3: you are buggy.
I'm gonna buy you though.
In fact and I are buying a 2nd Xbox for coop.
Sleep Tight Twitter!
out of this country...
Every calling is great when greatly pursued.
Oliver Wendell Holmes
Windows 7: seemingly benign when you don't have to interact with it; utterly dysfunctional when you do.
Thx!!RT : good win tonight but I'm still down with my man Parham and the Birds but good luck on the rest of the season.
Thank Fucking God.
Tied.
Good morning uppers  Thanks : Takeaway from first segment: Policy emerges from governing coalitions, not Presidents as humans
you're welcome!
we had a blast too!
Can't believe my kid went swimming with sharks today  I love it!
Thank you and !
I need coffee
hahaaha that's awesome.
219 if you run out of gummy bears and need some sugar lol
You are in a mood today.
Hope all is all right....
I talked to my Dad this morning, before he flew to Guatemala to spend two months with his friends and extended family.
I miss him already!
My 3G network is faster than the free WiFi at this hotel.
RT : RT : It's sad when the people who gave you the best memories, become a memory.
I'm short term long on the EURUSD and the AUSUSD .
Check out our main website.
www.nuvoh2o.com/social See how our systems condition your water with citrus and not salt!
Thanks :D
i'm sitting next to this girl lindsei ASSIGNED
not at the moment.
will let you know.
: 
Thx for the RT's!!
Hope y'all have been enjoying your weekend, so far :
I get distracted from homework to easily
Funny lady Lisa Ann Walter will be on my show talking bout her new book Wed 5.25 911pm on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM Listen in
Ugly ppl on thos bus right now
The Civil Heretic came from moi.
Since I read his writing on the origin of life, he has been my favorite living scientist.
Fox football guys will play whosgonnalose in one hour.
Pick both playoff games today and tweet results here.
20 Sat w/ Ind  NO
: So I guess in the middle of the 5th inning they sing Deep In The Heart of Texas here.
Ok.
You sing along?
It's resume time.
With an accent over the e at the end.
Gah.
IS IT CAUSE OF JUSTINS SHIRTLESS PHOTOSHOOT?
OMFG i was dead
I wanna post a picture so bad of my friends Easter gifts but they'll see it:
are you Alyssa'ing again or are your texts not working
Never let fear of rejection or the unknown stop you from going after what you want.
Be brave!
Take risks and never give up!
That was the right call....but I don't like it.
Would totally fall to my death when I woke up in the middle of the night to go take care of business...
yes I am too lol,and yeah I'll ask my mom about it:
Damn I miss my homie.
Fox 12 news desk here.
Can we talk to you today if you're in PDX?
Good game..atleast we ain't gettin blown out like most of yall said..
Shaq is a big nigga he owe me money but if he don't give it 2 me der is nothing I can do about it  Michael blackson lmao!!!
what is unfortunate?
I hope all is well.
When I came across your tweet I was moved to respond
Whoa Brooklyn lets go!
regardless, if you don't want to pay for the service, don't ask someone to serve you.
Get curbside takeout if offered.
My neighbor complemented me on my nice deck.
She asked me if it was real wood.
I told her it was real.
She was impressed.
Why everyone goin to bed early 
Blake griffin still sorry
Instructions: Get the duct tape, tape the fish up, stab the magnet into the fish and put the fish inside your PC.
Two Fifty Tuesday!
Regular Beef and Polish Beef 2.50.
Peanut Butta Brownies
Rooting for Houston tonight.
Sorry , I need them in the playoffs, haha.
Woaaaahhh Amber Is The Color Of Your Energy
Yes!
Def!
I was bummed I could not make it to the last YP meeting.
Coffee/Lunch/Dinner ASAP?
I think needs to update his professorle photo to reflect the new slim him 40lbs lighter!
Way to go Jeff
We all want to be wanted and darling you got me wanting you...
Already, Im wondering what my thing would do to u if he ever meet up w/ you ;
Hi and this tweet is to introduce you guys :
yes because nobody is doing anything to help them

Just made THE coolest thing....
but you'll have to wait to see the tutorial on 
military discount 15off ALL ORDERS Just use promo code Freedom 15 checkout www.1800anylens.com Seeing is Believing
Let's see how this works out
p.s i miss and love you!
xoxo
Act responsibly, respectfully and ethically at all times.
Yeah, not gonna happen.
Sorry.
true .
But he's my idol, i love him .
And when i meet him again i'm doctorssing up like him.3
Tempura Udon and some California Rolls Sounds so good right about now...
Friday Hours 11am12am Happy Hour late 10pm12am
That is when all will know It is then so easy to show....
Great job on the weight loss!!
My FourthMeal?
Three fingers of Glenlivet, with a little bit of pepper...
and some cheese
Call and order a banner today...mention this status...and get 50 off!
Free design!
6152553825
Try a slice of our orange yogurt coffeecake  moist yogurt coffeecake with orange zest!!!!
We are on the same pages.
both great areas.
Don't thinkso, but will always be a frequent visitor.
of course.
It's a legitimate professorssion.
He saves lives.
respect : Ladies, could you seriously date a gynecologist?
Two more casting directors committed this week.
Stoked.
Ya'll gonna fuck around turn me back into the old me
: If you can't feed a hundoctord people, then feed just one.
Mother Teresa
Just posted Museum Exhibition Design, Part I, Fabrication, would love to hear comments and feedback !
RT : Iv always hated reggae..but few songs like ur L and hold u down By Luciano,aren't so terrible after all.
Quote of the Week  Censorship, like charity, should begin at home; but unlike charity, it should end there.Clare Booth Luce
I went to bed late last night  I'm real tired so I need a good nap right now.
Peace .
hah me too...
I've given up on that thought.
They dont exist no matter how hard you look.
as a mother myself this is your worst nightmare.
Thoughts and Prayers to her, his childoctorn and the rest of his family.
RIP Seau
IWishYouKnew how I felt.
I hope you get a taste of your own medicine soon.
Mercedes Mention:
That was too short.
Watching Sons of Guns with Viggle Wed  6PM  Discovery Get real rewards just for watching TV.
hold me closer tony danza
lakers so god damn sorry, and u so god damn ugly bruh
will you be at the franchises session in the ballroom?
Would love to see you and say hi.
Real estate invest wisdom from Togni1: Is there any place within doctorving distance that you wouldn't go to at night?
Start looking there
Fortune cookie message said: The future looks bright.
For once, I'm in agreement!
same here i cnt sleep at nights until like 2 maybe 3
Feeling good this week should get some miles in on the trails!
Marketers of content marketing who tweet content marketing are preaching to the choir that knows those words.
is going to bed :
tap dancers RT : I would have been a member of the Rat Pack if I was alive in that era...too cool
Thank you all for the help!
I'll link to them on Facebook.
Now, get them on Twitter :
CBreeze
Exactly!
It's too much!
RT : the more I watch her, the more I can't stand her.
She gives herself too much credit
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
You can be very right and very alone.
'Bout to be inspired by at BiolaMediaConference!
Acura shoot in the Design District
so sweet!!!
Imma Just Keep Being Nice About It!
I yell at random people in hallways
seems like your having fun!
I'm working late call you later.
I am so excited to see you in eight days, even if only for five minutes!
alliwantforchristmasisyou !
Good One!!!
feel your pain.
Took me 20 trys to get a taxi to Space the other night.
He looked awful in those overtime periods...not like you lost to your instate rivals, when you were the favs to win the cup...
Sack numbers down overall?
Any comment on  of holding calls?
no lie, ur a bitch in the best possible meaning of the term...
Amazing night with friends , , , DSP founders day today, IU gameperfect weekend minus soc theory
A day of worry is more exhausting than a week of work.
John Lubbock
Last day of this week
They wanna se me dead but I gave them dedication
RT: They acting crazy at MOA I'm glad I'm off!!!// Man I'm here now and people are going nuts..
yinz will love it!
Have fun :
i do..
u need jesus for sayin that shit nigga
: I haven't seen it either  I just saw The Big Lebowski for the 1st time a couple days ago embarrassed what!
Just saw I Love You, Man  EXCELLENT!!!!
BEYOND EXCELLENT movie.
we gotta step it up!
I hate when people be all in my business.
fatindiebands Guided by Vices
It's a rainy morning in Baltimore, and I'm happy because now I don't have to go to the car wash.
We are planning to launch one by the end of the week.
Come to visit and talk!
All about job search, employers.
www.joborworker.com
I want to add some blue in my hair.
so high school, but I think it'll look cute
How many LinkedIn connections do you have?
500 is a nice start.
Your professorle should be at least as detailed as your bio on the firm website
Q: What sports event has been going on for the last six hours?
My neighbor is starting to worry me.
I am hoping it is sportsyelling.
Wow!
Our first Twitter spam!
We have truly arrived.
it did
I wouldn't normally be so squeamish, but this looked like SERIOUS mold.
And now it's probably eating my insides.
I think imma shed a tear.
There's still hope for you.
One need not look towards the heavens to find an angel for I have one here before me
hey sis what's new

were awesome tonight in FredTheShow : GREAT JOB GUYS!!
thank you
Whose going to w me?
writing a paper on aristotle and watching the leaves grow
Jennifer Hudson pretty but so damn cocky
nope...
But now we do have to dial area codes...
That burns more calories
Go Longhorns!
m/
SUNDAY 10/31: Halloween Fest w/ Mozart Season, Let Live, Vessel, Conquering Rome, In Courage, Maritime Disaster  Fated Rivalry!
DOORS  4PM
Do you think Tim Tebow has ever asked God for a Hall Pass before?
Going to have a lot of free time to exercise those demons now!
Are we on the cusp of a second IT revolution?
Thoughts on cyberinfrastructure  future of higher ed at
when will u come to nyc
Luis Hernandez has some interesting things to tell about the Penn.
State scandal.
Weds.
night at 10pmCT
Thank you for your service : Tks so much !
Being Afghanistan combat vet,means the world to me 
no one I dont think, maybe the guidence receptionist?
Who have black berry ?
Good morning world!
What does your best life look like?
What doctoram can you carve out today?
Use your life wisely.
Never waste a second.
But see man.
I don't know.
I shouldn't even be tripping about it.
I mean I asked him to never talk to me again lmao
Staying busy here.
Heading out early today to do some team building aka shooting skeet
Don't let doctorams go to waste
hey derick is really upset and sad, and doesn't feel like face timing.
How bout later?:
Oh, yes!
Rare book professorssionals from Worcester!
The heart of Massachusetts.
your telling me you wore it in public in the past?
Oh and the talk about me being beautiful doesn't really have to stop :
: We hope you will be Exec.
Plt soon!.
Well i would if upud send me the get it fast email offer
Thinking of you and counting the days until we meet again.
SometimesIWonder what happened to Earl Sweatshirt.
Working on Marcus Wiley Racing official website will let everyone I'll post the link, have some big things in the works for 2012
Buy our record at one of our shows and get it for 5 or buy it online at www.fastcar.bandcamp.com hope everyone's having a relaxing Sunday!!
No but I heard SDSU had more players selected than USC and UCLA combined.
Don't know if it's true though.
New Alert!
check it out at www.southfloridaalerts.com
Loving the lineup for the Virginia Film Festival.
Marx Brothers and His Girl Friday?!
I may have to clear my schedule for this.
We have built our business one customer at a time.
Thank you all for allowing us to serve you and your automotive repair needs.
its just a lot of the same stuff over and over again
and by illstoptweetingnow i mean until after i flip flop and change my mind.
I wanna do something different with my hair tomorrow
I'm ready lets work!
::Scurries to ask daughter where to buy pot::
thingsthatpissmeoffingeneral arrow to that knee jokes...
Slapping this al casino in Vegas its only rite.feel me.
I hope this year will be good for you too:
Love your site, madam.
It's been revamped since I last saw it!
never said that.
Said different for players now then in past.
Fascinating panel discussion re: how info is synthesized btwn oral and literal traditions.
Yes we have made another leap.
It's a used bookstore here in Lexington.
when you doctorpping a LP to feed da streetz
Follow our CEO to keep up with whats going on in the sports world.
Almost made it a whole yr at this job before my 1st major coffee spill.
Now my office smells like a Starbucks.
30 GB's of free storage at glidedigital.com  so cool!
Did you do it in the bucket?
: Really making progress on that bucket list!
Throw up during an earthquake....check.
Woke up to beautiful news, good morning my loves 
I didn't know you guys had Nate marquart
Stop making 3D movies Hollywood, we're all sick of them
Democracy is 2 wolves  a lamb voting on what to have for lunch.
Liberty is a wellarmed lamb contesting the vote.
Ben Franklin
Social media is now a job, but will become a skill.
Great line from Jay Baer
The original Nightmare on Elm Street...well done, sir.
: 
Its everybody birthday today.
Lost today's negotiations.
Now we go to war!
Alan Galey Visualizing Variation in Premodern Books: The Case for Small Projects
Alright we got a show in Nashville tommorow at 3rd and Lindsley at 6:00 p.m sharp.
Who's gonna be there??
thank jesus for Incubus
Anna is snoring and twitching while she's taking her nap.
Just had a lovely time at dinner with my girl and her man.
I really don't mind being the third wheel...I have such great friends:
Golf in Shools starts today!
All vote numbers are unofficial and won't mean anything until a larger percent of the precincts report in.
But it's fun to track.
: yes.
I am the MasterMixologist for the entire hotel.
Quite a fun and busy job!!
can we just add the text??:
We will be live tweeting and blogging from NCAN all day.
Make sure to follow!
I dont snitch I dont stalk I don't cosign fuckboyz.
I get it in the only way I know how.
Thats keepin it a million.
men with good intentions make promises,but men with character keep them.
men with dignity and honor knows when to do the right things.Andoctors
SoLoMo can expand horizon.
Social brings discovery through most passionate users
Nice to meet you last night; thanks for coming in!
and thanks for the doctornk as well!
Playing West Lounge  Hotel Angeleno tonight with Sherwood Sledge, Ryan Cross, Peter Buck.
Sunset and 405, 9pm!
RT : The richest fifth of the world's people consume 58 percent of all energy used and 84 percent of all paper.
RT: listen live on AM 1290 in Milwaukee.
I'm live tweeting it, and Sachin from MKE Dems is on live.
this shxt is a flickin JOKE
You're telling me these kids are going to be college freshman??!!
That just made my night, couldn't be happier 
yee we got to 50 followers!
thats kinda good i suppose; we did only properly start this lastnight!
msnbc latenight programming normally does the trick
is it cruise time yet???
So ready....
how u doing?
I'm sure your repellent views act as BC in your case.
so sad...I never have nor ever will cheat on someone I'm in a relationship with.
i can't imagine!!
AH!
beyond excited for you!!
so good to hear!
make sure  rub it in!
the pink leopard ones are amazing!!
It snows where you live?
:oo
Just did!
Duke is our
City of Carlsbad, CA, is withholding solar construction details.
We're engaged with them, though, to fix this problem.
you should use Lennons real quotes.
he has enough to fill our feed w his brilliance.
stop using his face for your agenda
yes please!
mind me...just screaming for your attention...hahaha..b safe out there
Education podcast with ,  What do we want education to be?
I'm 5 minutes into the first episode of Downton Abbey and I don't get it.
Always happy to be listed with
Just watched the segment from In a Pit With a Lion in small group this week and just doctorve by Einstein.
Way cool!
Shocked that you felt it, too!
We're in Va Beach  had to have been an earthquake, right?!?
shred shred shred away
Dear Stomach, Please forgive me for the pain I am about to bestow upon the
do you like geese?
Bitches think its okay to be hoes cause they in another state, shit come around here with that shit.
wtf man, you came to tennessee and didn't even say what's up.
Hello move out the way !
HOE
Wrong!
Can't block someone from walking on/paying.
RT  But Penn State didn't block, which they could have
If God doesn't answer your prayer, He knows you can handle it alone
I'm not sure if I fully understand your question.
The Orioles beat the Yankees again...
Now I just need the caps to make my evening!
This is interesting.
NFL so much for getting down.
Thanks for finding WW BRoy D Shirts!
I haven't wasted nearly enough time today.
BTW  is a fab resource for any biz to who need help on their brand elevator pitch.
Great guy and very engaging.
I pray all is well with you and your family,,,,,,,,,,,,,
THE ROCK LOVES FRUITY PEBBLES !
Either way, championship pace.
RT Sure, the Mets are 30, but their Pythagorean record is only 21.
nice RT: Austin you want to know the best places to eat anything between two buns?
Follow 
your like
no STEVE BLAKE, NO
You know what I did instead watching the red carpet last night?
Disney movies on ABC Family.
Lion King, Aladdin.
????
And I loved it!!
Sunny 71 degrees in the middle of Jan down south.
Crazy!
What's it like in your part of the world?
I like what I like.
yeah mos def hit me up on facebook and message me and we can exchange info :
although a bit degrading but who cares?
about 60/week night and 300 on weekend nights
We tried Sinless Margarita mix yesterday and it was out of this world!
Only 5 calories per servingALL NATURAL !
when you would impress girls with your foursquare skills
Taking a writing breaking.
IClipping coupon getting ready for weekend grocery trip.
Luv saving money so far saving 42.00 with coupon.
If you try to play me and I find out , i'll play you so hard you'll wish you never looked at me ....
100,000 strong.
Love the concept.
Need federal oversight min standards and public reporting to keep Kids safe in China
HAH.
Feeling pretty pleased with myself bc I managed to find what seems to be the ONLY tattoo/piercing place in all of DTLA
It's Miles Davis case study day for me!
My moms room is covered with clothes  shoes u cant even walk on 1 side of the bed lol
The last episode of LegendofKorra was so good, I had to watch it again before bed.
Night all!
Last day at the Ranch for the year!
We close at 2pm today, If you have pressing business, call us before then!
5054712261.
I get why youtube makes me watch commercials, but when I'm waiting to see a trailer, I'm watching a commercial to see a commercial.
It's amazing how much renewed energy you can feel after a new client falls in love with the shop!
I'll take OneADay please!
lol ok,I think we gone be like on the fourth or fifth row
Everytime my moms phone rings I'm scared it's gonna be that call we don't wanna hear.
So  I'm in week 5 of P90X  and I decide to start over with P90X WOW!
Did Interval X Plus tonight.
Bring it!
RIP RT Carl Beane, best known as man behind the microphone at Fenway Park, killed in single car crash in Sturbridge, Mass.
I love Glee...
you love Glee...
we should totally be girlfriends!
: My names Marshall, nice to meet ya!
Can't pretend not to care
So what if the voting was rigged?
Does it really matter?You can't turn back the clock.
Be happy for the boyz now and their success.
that's what the open bar is for!
ps...
it's tangerine
glad to have you stop by today Miranda, let us know how your experience was
Feel like I'm stuck in an episode of House but no Hugh Laurie w/ smartass quips.
no hospital stay.
Tests say what's not wrong...
Now I'm curious about the balloons  they were inflated, but not floating.
Maybe they add helium later?
Use heavy weights?
webmaster search news: Siri is poised to take Apple into search  see CNET article:...
On Andoctorid with IM
I have confirmation that I have been cast in a feature film going in production this summer...
erl12 ILS, discovery, ERM, sub agent all have knowledge bases that you're trying to link up on the title level
unclouded day in NOLA, Time to spin in red convertible, listen to FATS with megNOLA, yay mardi gras!
they all spelled ICONic Boyz wrong
Just check my work schedule and I work on Sundays 'til June 10th.
That's a sin.
Well then, here's a Happy EarlyBirthday to you!!!
Playing an Irish song in strings and I thought of :
Hi friends  Check out the account when you have a sec  that's where I'm tweeting from these days.
awesome meeting you!
Don't sit down!
great lunch today!

FIROfficial thedoctorginmeisyou is amazing!
Can not wait for the album in july
Digital DNA
wondering when the next earthquake will be?
GOODMORNING!
Omg!
When will it be the day you noticed me?
D': Please!
facebook been started to suck
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate I just got out of rehab yesterday
To not just use the original industrial techniques, but the original industrial equipment as well next time!
Westview Lady Wildcats Play South Medford for The Oregon State Girls 6A Basketball Championship  6:30pm Rose Garden!!
GO CATS!!
Incredibly clutch by Matt Kemp.
Game could be called any second tied at 1.
Dodgers badly needed a home run and he of course delivers
sslive New system would recommend alternative doctorgs when doc filled out online prescription.
Doc could take or decline suggestion
bored nothing to do
News of Saturn's demise just adds to the cold, grey and cloudy weather outside.
Smilers are radiating love on Twitter :
proud to be an american
So corporations are people, but unions aren't?
Hm
Very good job, and appropriately done Also, looks dashing in red.
Thank you!
WE WILL FOLLOW EVERYONE BACK IN THE MORNING ITS 03:57 AND WE'RE WATCHING NEVER SAY NEVER!:D.
leanne
Good morning Facebook fans.
Stay tuned for our Wednesday Tip of the Week video with Guy Berger which will be up later this morning!
which one?
Hate when they show highlights for teams/players against shitty teams w/ horrible records...
Show them kicking a against real competition
sounds pretty good right now!
Spotted: a hipster too cool for the gym.
He walked out of Holy Frijoles and started doing a set of pullups on a tree branch.
Uh oh, looks like Twitter undergoing changes.
Oh well, Happy Birthday, Michael Jordan!
When has your fav gotten two tributes on the same show tho?
HA
Playing in this skins game at Belterra first time out this year
Love it: : so cold in my office, i'm wearing a cream blanket like a cape and calling it the gwyneth convenientexcuse
Blog posts published around 11am tend to get the most views
Did Crystall practice?!?
It'll workout.
.yea, sure 
Illinois hotel favored by Capone for sale on eBay  Seattle Post Intelligencer
are you talking about 30 rock?
Record Audio: Practice technique/tone on the instrument today  record yourself before  after 10 mins practice.
You'll be better!
Sad I missed out this time.
The GLAAD Awards in Los Angeles brought mega star power to the travelling media awards show with celebrities young and old lining up behi
Do mother fucker .
Couldn't have said it any better!!
hello guys
Happy 1st Birthday to my nephew Amar'e.
I Love You :
NEW YORK MISSES YOU!
Hope you have fun!
3
It's 44 BC, you're a powerful man, and your mentor is Dictator for Life until you stick a knife in his back.
Are you a Hero or Villain?
ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana i'm having a banana
Did he just punch holtby in the face??
That was nuts.
I'm glad I'm not the only one who still listens to erase me!
Shipping out a slew of new orders today!
WEEKLY RECIPES
Crying.
Omg
it turns out that you can get the airport 18 minutes before a flight, provided you're willing to knock over 3 old ladies  piss off security
Riding the bike this morning was a failure...
got 5 blocks from my house before I realized both tires were flat!
:/
Pas de slime rose?
I am watching a how it's made on commercial chickens.
I am never buying caged eggs again.
Stop with the vague tweeting already!
The internetz can't stand it.
To??
To???
I really wish that would follow back it would be AMAZING!!
He taught me to NeverSayNever and to makeachange!
i love justin.
thx for warning ...
was down for a few winks myself.
Uh well, um.
No?
Off to the skating rink
Happy Holidays!
Merry Christmas!
Happy Hanukkah!
Happy Kwanzaa!
Happy New Year!!
It's not about how2achieve ur doctorams, it's about how2lead ur life, If u lead ur life the right way,the karma will take care of itself...
Shout out to my new followers!!
nortons stuff is more annoying than most viruses.
I know the feelingbe with me just bcuz I'm ME ;
haha I forgot I did that.
Good times.
Miss you too bff
thank u so very much for ur advice.
I'm framing ur tweet.maybe one day ull sign it?
I guess I could mail it 2 u so u can.luv bri
that's what Shane Mosley should've done
Grlad to have the option there as a change.
Hope you enjoyed.
I did?
check out our site, racenation.com, invite all your friends and start building an online community in your area
When the sun's not shining  u got no love..'s sent from above.
He's a dufus  a goofus  a heap'o'messhis LOLs kill any stress.
: I hate Shane Victorino.
exactly what I thought.
Awww this one doesn't work :
Comic People....
Follow ME!!!!...
No clue where I'm going, but at least the ride will be fun!
Ya!
The championship got a little boring there for a while!
Status: Currently watching some guy on my TL getting his twitter reputation ripped apart by RIP to any respect he ever had lol
inthe90s RB music was the shit
yeah I have frisbee Sunday so have to do a Saturday run.
Time and location TBD...we can chat tonight at Val's :
Oh,guys i'm so sad.Nobody support me!Can you support me guys?Some peoples laugh at me because my skin color and they reject me !
gotcha!
Thanks!
class warfare doctorppage.
everyone do shots!
Cleaning out the closet day.
Anyone need a hanger?
I only have about 1,000!
: Got a miniature schnauzer!/ what did you name it?
Yes, I believe it will be competitive.
It's a tossup.
We have more talent, but I worry about Kubiak in a game like this.
When adults focus on DON'T  DON'T  DON'T, kids stop listening.
if im not home by the time justin performs Believe on the voice tomorrow..
i might have a melt down.
Bayern Munich v Real Madoctord in 30 min on Fearless prediction: 21 Madoctord
Glad you like!
haha, indeed, ill keep you posted!
Dayum wtf is up with me today
with you guys, it was so average.If it didn't have Allen's name attached it wouldn't be anywhere near oscars
Expecting a new baby?
4 piece crib set on www.dealshow.com right now!
first at Holidae in be about it
Chillin charging my phone DFW International airport..
RT : Alliance of Angels Pitch Clinic this Thurs w/ Coaching earlystage comps  bringing best deals to angel investors
Up to date with my music and mix tapes now.
I could give you an answer but I doubt you'd like to hear it , LOL
thank you beautiful!!!
Was just checking yours!!
Thanks for the connect!!
Love your style!!
We'll be there!
RT Hammerkatz in 's IRON SKETCH.
11pm .
We need your votes to win so VOTE OR DIE!
fucking hell...
not really what I wanted to end this weird season.
ah well,
49ers who thinks the kick returner doctorpped 2 balls on pourpose in the Finals game?
I've lived in Florida for years.
Before here I lived in Arkansas...
eek.
I am not really perfect, in fact far from, yet he stares at me like I am the most perfect woman he has ever seen ; x
and I are coPIs, but we have five other collaborators/consultants in place as well.
Oh and P.S.
You are highly, HIGHLY featured in episode 3  4...get ready to
Hart just went yard off Wainwright!
Great start to an awesome day with my daughter at Miller Park.
Congrats and happy birthday!
:
Haven't seen it yet, either.
Probably not until next weekend.
we can make that happen ;
Would love to chat apparel biz opp with you while you're still in LA.
Tweet or .
Against all my better judgement, I decided to start a feed exclusively for book thoughts, news  blog updates.
So, hello!
Miami I can't tonight smh
RT RT : Don't let the 'nay'sayers hold you back
u eh got nothin on me
Just mailed out 300 apps to families for Summer Youth Employment opportunities.
Is it rude to ask someone if they are a lesbian?
Last night I hatched plans w/a fellow advocate for an advocacy effort w/ a real potential for failure: fighting the 85th percentile rule
How do you call out the Supreme Court...didnt you read your constitution...we have 3 bodys of legislation misterPelosi..i mean Obama
Great job last night!!
Hoping yours have to go through this homeless thing maybe you'll wake up America!!
Hi Marc!
Thanks so much for the RT today.
Hope your week is off to a great start!
thank you :
Southwest, I'm over you.
Your flight attendants are rude and have bad highlights.
You better fear me dear, for I am Death.
And I'll take that shit you call a life, in a single fucking breath.
Natalie Givans was inspirational as she spoke about integrating her life to fit in all priorities  reminded us not to dance alone at
What a hectic day!
I'm so glad to be on this bus home right now!
Thanks for interest an mention on my open journalism project
San Felipes Desert Ridge  TONIGHT  10pm2am  241 MexicanBeer, Tequila, and Jager all night  NO COVER  DJ NOBuDDY in the mix FREE SHOTS
What up twitter
Thank You x
RT : There really is a magazine called Garden and Gun.
I am getting ready for the rehearsal tomorrow.....
WE WISH YOU AND YOUR FAMILY SEASONS GREETINGS AND A JOYOUS NEW YEAR.
Good Morning Madison it's going to be another lovely day today what are you looking forward to most about this hump day?
Latest Version of Digital Keystones Tools go Live at Novia Financial
WHERE'S MY UNDERWEARRRRD?
Great point as well: Stepping up when no one else is will is a great way to get noticed  demystify the technical  tedious
Bought that book 50 Shades of Grey!
Excited to read it!
Congrats , ,  The Philly Wings campaign on winning the 2012 SoMeAwards !
Seeiously though I'm gonna fail
Told y'all bitchs y'all want bout dat life!
Got beat da fuck up!
same here!
RT : I am officially done with graduate school.
I'm so happy/sad/excited/terrified/amazed.
Saw JIRO doctorAMS OF SUSHI at the ..do not see on an empty stomach will make you very hungry!
Haha
Going to do a flash mob in the mall tomorrow ohh yeah Be BREEZY
An optimist stays up until midnight to see the new year in.
A pessimist stays up to make sure the old year leaves.
Bill Vaughan
...keeping busy!
Temp work graphic design gig in Bethesda this week.
Have fun!!
Lea and Micheal, thanks for being there...Micheal, thanks for wanting to kill him.
Joseph, if wasnt for ur gift...it be bad.
HateLies3Trust
having an exciting workday!
There you have it.
RT : RT : i can't wrap my head around why people think we all want to leave
Lady Antebellum is schilling iced tea because.......?
you know dying easter eggs would be a CuteDate well, i think so at least.
oh my god, first time seeing jaymee sire in HD.
her NOSE has a NOSE!
SO MANY TWEENS.
headg home from Sac, CA after a great 3 days at the UWGS.
What a great symposium to connect innovation in the wine industry.
smooth str8 truth
Can't stand the smell of cooking greens
Ugh..
I really want tickets!!
This is the reason I scoff at fans and players who complain that the game is getting soft.
FUCK TWITTER too many things to do on it!
Swine ass niggas
lololol, what's coming out of your mouth is total bullshit.
Hey Fellas..
You ever Fuck a Fat Chick in her Belly Button hole?
Was it good?
I'm just askin for my Homeboy thats gone try it!
Twitter Facebook join me super hakeem and my brand if I eat u eat let's make it happen
And cue the mass RIP Dick Clark tweets.
Personally, I didn't know the guy, but it is sad to see him go.
I'm so creative with contact names.
Like if I had 's number I would put bow chicka mau mau
your little brother MooMoo is really adorable haha
Yes, I am completely obsessed with that network.
LOL.
I was hoping you meant the symbolic Arcadia, although I'm not sure why someone would want to Occupy a utopia
So...Who has an In at ?
I can barter design  social media skills for access to awesome 9/19 tixs!
Pssttt...
1/2 off all doctornks and appetizers TONIGHT at 4th Street Patio!
I wish I was at coachella but I'm grateful for 2 shoots this weekend!
One instudio and one on location Rise and grind!!
Hey Everyone!
PreOrder that album!
Its so gnarly!!
and buy some while your at it
Thanks for that Sony link, it/s cool!!
Had a notion that 's poetry book RUMORED ANIMALS was more about visual art than it is, but it's a lovely bit of writing nonetheless.
haha I just listen to it in class and blast in in the hallways and ppl be like WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH U OLIVIA!!
Please explain why sharing the same book editor is an issue.
My fave song is Your love will never change By Dave Barnes.
Reading an awesome book called Caffeine for the Creative Mind.
It has 250 strange exercises that are supposed to work.
WTH, I'll try em.
thanks  I hope so too!
Lombardi's!
32 Spring Street right between Little Italy and Soho!
ALL IN program is getting into an end, lets give an applause to this year fellows
you coming?
Wonder if there's a way to tell Xcode my iPad pin and it can autounlock the device when deploying??
cant believe I gave my mom my fone an she dare to hack my page oh really u ain't gettin off just lik dat I got yhu
For the record, I'm still on that shit.
you going to verb weight room?
If she's 9, you might as well buy any card and then add a big glittery 9 to it.
Frankly that would be awesome.
the only way that u will have a Takeo then is if u rail a japanese guy, UB is a good place to look.
Is Rihanna channeling her inner Axel Rose?
Anyways, i got to go : Lexi says hi!
Haha.
Review: Fascinating  intriguing story.
Started at about 9 PM.
Big mistake.
HAD to finish it.
Good thing I'm retired  could sleep in!
yea I think so I bruised my collar bone and I read up on it, and it said it usually takes 12 weeks 
Be sure to taste your words before you spit them out.
Congrats from class of '73!
that's wsup!
The contempt Cons have for Cdns  electoral process is sickening.
It's beyond politics and shows lack of core principles
Welcome to CO!
For work or for fun?
Good.
Took a lil break to Focus...
Im focused.
So Ready to audition for Bad Girls Club TRUST ME I WILL REPRESENT CHARLOTTE!!!
Kendoctor didn't do the job right lol but I WILL!!
Always believe
Anything like Tom Cruise's character in Magnolia?
That's a show we'd love to produce at the Testosterone Festival...
Just because you can pierce something, doesn't always mean you should.
Is that official?
I heard he has applied to both CM and BCH and Denis Tobin said he is not enrolled there as of yet.
ha!
Well I always thought doctorving there was a pain.
No interstate system and stop lights every few blocks!
Hi Johann.
nxdom is 503 right now.
Do you know when it will be available again?
I find it so funny how elderly people eat!
:
Key Lime Pie  Vanilla Cake, Key Lime cheesecake buttercream, graham cracker crumbs and a candy lime slice
Stepping away.
Prayers to mister Seau's family and friends, San Diegans, and to all who have been affected by/are still wrestling with suicide.
When are you going to start charging for plays?!?
Ha ha!
I hope he comes in last Lefty RT : Masters
Thanks.
Right back at you.
i cant figure out how to respond to your tumblr message b.c.
tumbleys turned all myspace like and its gey D:
Sometimes the words said by the mouth, are not the thoughts said by the heart.
Fangirl mode activated.
Dawg My play list will fuck yo play list up..
Fun to see more than just the heads of all the cool people I follow on twitter!!
:
is killin the competion this sumer get the Fuck out his way.
purpleblack
Pondering diverse data set schema/navigation issues using Apache Solr.
IDEO's maxim, fail faster to succeed sooner is beckoning us.
Help!!
I miss at the bench!
Wishing you lived in New York, LA or Miami, because Austin is ALWAYS there.
Hope you had your car in the Garage!!
Heading to Gus for finals
Tell me if I'm off base.
We all hated Modell around here.
But going after him didn't get our team back.
We went after the league
thanks for helping my girl move!
She said you were extremely helpful with her shoe collection :
That moment when you wake up at 4am and wonder....What the hell happened to my pillow?
Everything is funny with enough distance.
Bring your keiki to the Easter Egg hunt at 9:30 a.m.
on Saturday, April 23!
Keiki entertainment and games.
Good fun for the keiki!
Next time you are hungry we would love to feed ya!
I can already tell that this gonna be a bad day saten is trying to ruin my day because I am trying to tlk to god to get things right
Hey Yall it's The CoOwner of here follow me.
Help us get the ICONic Boyz here in ChiTown
Lots of updates from the SGA meeting last night, but students can now use TTU Dining Bucks at the United Spirit Arena!
We hope...
y did she come out to the rumble
always manages to plan things right in the middle of my work shift 
Thanks for the follow , good luck with An Adult Evening of Shel Silverstein!
you are gonna have a blast , dance your ass off ahah , i was gonna go today but no lol
I think also wrote something similar,  better, about his own Romney conversion.
I don't have the link, but I'm sure he does
lol ikr sorry, started working nd really haven't been messin wit anyone
we want to book you for an appointment in the Pit to see our secret sauce of cool...morning or lunch?
whats going on ?
I think Heery is casting.
Miss ya much mama.
Let me know.
I might be back there for a few days in July also.
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW AND TELL HIM SENT YOU !
PLEASE :
Worn out!
Thank you so much to that incredible crowd last night for bringing such AMAZING energy!
Catch you tonight at the Independent!
aww thank you, hon.
Yea!
RT : making dozens of duct tape feathers for the Duct Tape Ball!
all these people talking about sweden is making me want swedish fish asdfghjklgdsasfhj
Lunch and dinner on Beacon Hill.
Great to be back in Boston!
...I think the goal is about exposing collections versus access ...
Just had the worst experience at they kicked us out of table for not ordering entrees within 20 mins
I agreed RT Q6 I think more ppl will start caring when it's finally implemented.
For now, though, talk is just talk.
Gr8t Q.
RT : RT : Rarely asked, know what youre getting into.
RT : Why is the position open?
The real winner here is each and every vegetarian restaurant in the D.C.
area.
for all you did for Rip City.
This should not have happened.
Thanks for sharing our news!
Biggie Give Me the Loop x's2 Im a Bad Boy!!!
Romney unsure what to do on Afghanistan.
I bet if you hand him a bankruptcy filing form and his share of the cut, he'll know what to do.
Did you find a new publisher?
OMG super excited Bigrichtexas at 9!!: great way to end the night
thanks for the RTs!
Any luck with the new camera choice?
I feel like i aced that test
I didn't realize you had such power over the weather.
she won't be running with me until she's old enough for her rabies shot.
yeah, she's so cute I can't stand it.
Not sure.
R u going 2 b there ?
It's no fun 4 me w/out u  2gether RT : cool..you coming to Stadium Thurs?
exactly.
Woz chocking is an upper resp prob.
Pathetic.
Its sad when players do not accept defeat like a win
If you accept it's advantages you must live up to it's expectations.
YITBOS DeltaSig
Lmao RT : Nuggets will pick n roll their way into a mismatch, then go one on one.
.
I only follow you for your Math advice :// Oh, you poor thing!
The doctorer broke!
I came across one more..
Happy FF on this gorgeous sunny day!
Vice Versa  The positions being reversed
You just earned your own BIG commercial tonight, CJ!
Clutch doesn't even begin to describe you balling out tonight!
b/c you cant open carry in your car.....
that would be concealing the weapon.
Want HR SoftwareKindle Fire?
Schedule a 1on1 LIVE demo of ATS  be entered into the Kindle Fire Raffle!
Call 8471941 now!
Curbs in kush is out
Shout outs to , , TY for mentions!
Back online now and trying to play catch up!
With at WaPoAU journalism event!
searching the 138year archive of Popular Science magazine and it is wonderful.
good day to u brother RT : Good Morning, Good Afternoon And Good Evening : Its A New Day
says 1 person can make difference when u work from assets, not deficits  create high quality interactions/connections
Happy Saturday, lovelies.
Doing any Milwaukee wedding planning this weekend?
Let us know if you need ideas!
I already miss the siesta.
Good afternoon Salzurg.
Please follow !
She is such a big Enchancer 3 PLEASE!
She loves you!
26
Yeah ok..
Genetics and privacy at john hawks weblog  'Privacy advocates' seem like they're living in the 1980's
I don't think Billy Cundiff can ride back on the plane with the rest of the team.
That nigga better take grey hound.
Lol
Wake up early every fuckin day 
Get loud mothafucka!
Registered sex offender in Moultrie Co.
arrested twice in one week.
Details at 5pm on WAND.
don't you owe me breakfast?
Or was it a shout out?
I can't remember..Any day in Boston is great
V for Victory!
now listening to blah.
:/ i miss him /3
What does call you if you dare bring up national debt: RACIST!
LEAVING TEW GO BACK TEW MIAMI NEWYORK JUST NOT WORKING OUT FAH MEH FUCK THIS STATE PORK N BEANS PROJECTS WERE IM AT IN ABOUT 24 MO HOURS
Thank you Vanessa.
Policies should improve infrastructure and tackle social, economic, cultural  legal factors inhibiting walking and cycling
Already inspired by the work of and we are still on the COFLA site visit bus!
awesome....
you sure are in my league!
ha.
shaaadup!
:P
what do you think of me?
:o oh and did you know I miss you?3 AI think your amazing because your always there for me and I love you:
is so underrated
Hope you feel better soon.
good one
Thank you :
probably the wherecamp cupcake map.
omnomnom oh, that's not what you were talking about?
Thanks Kira!
Austin is beautiful yr round come slack with us anytm
girl you don't need an invitation ...
You're going regardless if you can or not !
No permission asked ;
ew don't remind me
both, actually haha
Woke up with some clarity...
Finally feeling like all my random interests can be woven into a master plan.
Happy Birthday April babies.
Your birthstone is diamond.
Keep that diamond looking as good as the day you received it.
Down to 100 emails to go through after going through hundoctords because I was out last week on vacation.
ok girl!!
I'll def be in touch hahah
Dear girl at the bar, You are in love with a gay man.
He has been embraced his friend 8 times at the bar.
You twice.
Share us with your followers!!!!!
I have no doubt that the first broken bone would be due to my daughter telling him to go big or go home.
thanks for the RT's this week, and have a great Mother's Day!!!
Paella Day and Quirky Country Music
Why Wont it Stop
thank you for making it out!
Life isnt always fair when you play by the rules
Branyan is playing for the Yankees Triple A team I believe
going to the sauna today and steam always good on a sunday real relaxing i need it for sure
is in, as long as I'm free.
Hi!
I'll check and see what's up with housing.I know we're definitely looking for a car if you hear of anything!:
well look at that, i've got a standup routine.
Time to polish it.
Fire is catching, and if we burn, you burn with us.
Glad you enjoyed yourself We will see you around soon!
Kevin, that was so funny.
I HATE YOU RT I've slept my way through this whole day:
Oh, gotcha.
Haha I love Sprinkles, I was just trying to branch out!
Maybe I'll just go with that though.
Thanks for the help!
:
Almost time 4 fastest hour in radio!
Hoopsworld Bill Ingram, OU Insider James Hale and Husker great Jason Peter join Elissa Walker Campbell
Selling  Marketing topics
Looks promising to me.
That would be so great.
I'm running out of gummy penguins.
volcano city!!!!
I'm envious right nowbe careful of hot lava please.
We do!
Don't forget Soror Robin!
you noticed that too lol
my bad!
good stuff
Probably about ticket sales
If you supposedly dont know me, why would you follow a stranger on twitter
RT Those occasional moments that make you miss being in a relationship..
leta go rangers
BandsILove Young The Giant.
We're very happy to have you!
You lied through your teeth and for that, Fuck your feelings
Joe Hite on the keys tonight!
Stop in for some great cocktails  great music!
thanks for the RT.
GreatnessIs is persistence during tough times.
About to skate
thanks everyone!
glad you are enjoying the music.
way cool...own eq6 so was wondering about how it linked in w/that program will look out for your amy butler post tomorrow
And you did bash teachers today.
You may not have meant to, it may not be how you feel, but you did.

we'd love to recommend a place for your staycation, guess who we're gonna say?
;
listening to a lot of sonar rhythms  both from underwater and outer space...
shall they be fish, aliens, or a combination of both ;
You actually had me believing in you, believing in us.
Can you sign the demo CD?!
Big night for NY ..
Let's go Game6 Let's go
Had a great practice with doctormmer Patrick O'Brien...I guess we're not completely allgirl, now.
AND he has a practice space!
dingdingding!
what about tomorrow?
We could set something up then.
OMG STOP I FREAKIN LOVE HIM
De La Garza is begining to annoy me.
I got my red bottom J's thanks to who is a str8 G!!!
alright Ill deff let you know, and I'm down for the beach saturday but gotta leave early because I gotta go to orlando w ...
We loved it too !
RT : Egyptians who cast their votes at the Egyptian Consulate in NYC till today 13:00 hrs.
are 210.
What about Tweetdeck makes it better than straight Twitter?
Need food now
.
infographic actually from the great folks at dontlitmussume ;
You can and you should.
I hope all my peoples are staying hydoctorted in this crazy heat!!!
Don't underestimate it!
did u do mines yet ?
433 Q:what's the best thing you like about Miami ?
:D
You can access the site through the dashboard, and you can deactivate with the same switch if needed.
Would rather eat snails than rewrite this 1st chapter.
Errrrgh.
10:39pm isn't that honkycode for brownie time?
Works for me.
Oo
You are mine, I am yours Lets not fuck around.
Hope you enjoyed the evening!
If you have any great pics, post on our Facebook page!
Muenster House
You're missing out.
Root beer is good.
Cindy omg
yo girl want my doctorads...
I hate everyone right now.
So would the first night game be played today at Michigan instead of next week?
We will find out soon.
I want
Arlo Guthrie and HANSON singing I Ain't Gonna Be Treated This Way at the Brady Theater!
Woody Guthrie Centennial!!!
yes on sabonis
Nate Marialke Band  The Big Ticket Festival Friday June 15th  high noon.
Who's coming?
Run to the Roar wise words from mister Allen Shamblin
The bad thing about a crush is your heart will be crushed in the end....
lololol jesus grace...
I have work in two hours lol no Big :
Floored by the number of who have told me they met their spouses/best friends at The Junction.
Love hearing these stories.
Thanks Toni GIRL!
;
Have finally caught up to the current episode of 30 Rock.
Took about 6 months, but we did it.
Wish there was a word for that.
Have to agree that a good haircut does wonders for the soul.
Happy bday!
Alright Folks.....Friday night show is in Cocoa Beach and Saturday in Melbourne......Its gonna be a great weekend!

that's fine, because Celtics will win the series!!!
wait till u see what I've been up to this wknd ...
had a session plus I worked today with another client
MY BABY IS COMING HOME TOMORROW!!
but it's bothering me...
That's my only problem w/ Lin
glad I could do so

re: www.fuseboxtheatre.com redesign.
Lots of good reasons for the change, happy to share if you are interested
I have the day off and nothing to do.
yet again
almost over!
I took a week extension on my last paper.
That's it, though!!
Then, when you realize that you never truly wanted them, it was just mere fascination.
This is some ole bullshit 
Let's see what I can hustle her into buying me lol
The First Social Olympics and , with and
Do you know about Ramen noodles?
Everything in the package is only 0.25!
All praises be to god each and every day
oh you only gah talk if you want to right
If you claim to be a victim the universe will treat you like one.
If you claim to be a fool the universe will treat you like one.
beautiful writing!
good luck 
so bad, but...
no wifi!
my uncle just said he wants to take me to Hershey for another concert.
Someone needs to go there.
i binge when im stressed out.
hence why i just ate a huge ass meal and my stomach still feels empty.
i think it went straight to my thighs
Back home to Denver 2day, seeing south 2night.
Great way to unwind!
We never really grow up; we only learn how to act in public.
RT : RT : Paternity test pending, I'm confident that Pauly Shore is The Situation's dad
it's ok I don't either
Unilateral divorce decreases the bargaining power of men who want their marriage to last  hasn't done anything to contribute to it's demise
sick glasses yo
Wow Memphis is putting up a really good game!
Did NOT expect that but also love that the underdog is leading
i loved HOW TO LIVE by the way
Happy 100th Anniversary !
Here's to 100 more!
ooh, perhaps a rebranding of Death Spiral is in order!
Austin doesn't even look like him in his last picture..
MTVs MADE visits campus
I wear the same shit to school because I'm lazy and sleepy and I just don't give a damn
work work work!!!!!!
then the marlins game tonight!!!!!
love ya gf
has been spotted at health2con sporting a jacket from
What are you waiting for?
RT : Anxiously waiting..........
:/
i love u G.
With all my heart and i will always save u even if it means i die.ill be ur dashing knight u'll be my princess
I have never seen so many fucking scum bags in my life!
There had to be 4500 people there and there were only about 7 girls that were hot!
And I'm pretty sure licking is allowed.
AnythingGoes Ha!
Recipe: Slice country bread.
Put roasted tomatoes and olives on it.
Eat.
I see one on Barron just east of Lamar a couple of times a week.
Flip 'em off and doctorve on!
Hi!
glad you're listening!
me too
I'm beyond pissed at this point
Be thankful for challenges in life, gain strength in the process.
when are you all out?
Eggfast OSU peeps: Eggfast will be closed from 3pm11pm today 2/22 for the Eggfast Christmas Party.
We like to really milk Christmas....
There'll come a day when you can laugh back at people who laugh at you today.
goodbye from cVillain
luckily you can duck into the mall for a fashionable I 3 DCFBIGOUSA hat.
TODAY: reveals the treasures discovered spelunking in 's Photo Archive.
bit.ly/nOqlyd
T minus six days until the husband heads to Virginia Beach for six months.
mister Fuji.
He always interfered with some crazy mist or bashed people with his cane and he was like 104 years old.
Ready to start on my 3rd huge painting for Beijing.
Talk about working under a deadline!
New Secret Service policy: Get a job, lose a job!
RT : Increasingly your network is going to be you netWORTH.
My man!
RT : No pain, No reign
FF lots of info here people!!!!!
It's ok I wasnt doing anything
Friends Still waiting Follow me and get My followers all are back followers
AtABlackChurch you will see people with hangovers.
the NBA union is getting played, if the owners are locking out the players, then the union needs to let the owners explain that,
Dammit.
Sequence.
Take my class so you understand.
There, I feel better.
Thank you.
I thought I was the only one who wasn't able to follow some of this
today is my birthday it would mean so much if you said happy birthday : .
My twitter followers know nothing about me.
My name is Conor Lynch, and I make art.
want to study abroad in Israel?!
come to the info session from 7:30 to 8:30 at Hillel tonight!
Don't let anyone tell you you're not beautiful.
Everyone is beautiful.
3
it's like pictionary!
I have to see what it is about...
That is too funny..D..
I wonder if it is a ultraviolent Mortal Combat style ..;
I dont wanna be your best your longest or your anything i just want to be you EVERYTHING and your last!!!
..rewarding John wooden
chix 1st time on grass w/me as protective mother hen.
they have gd skills!, scratch,peck,try to hide when a dog barks nearby.
vry cute!
Cut myself shaving lol
: What just happend agreed.
I believe I've found my home in Vegas they cannot then down this offer they just can't
if i joined Bieber fever but i got the light pckage, i cant get presale tickets?
I don't what u r on here for but SMG is bout to set it off www.whoistrillogy.com
New month, new goals!
Tweet me what you want to accomplish in April!
Brotherhood.
That's all I gotta say
Throat is hurting like crazy!
It's so bad I can't even sleep!
Thanks for the new likes, everyone!
We appreciate the support!
We're 14 months old and going strong!!
:
you are truly blessed with pure comedy every time I watch repo's I'm on the floor with laughter
learning some new social media skills.
:
Its so damn frustrating when a super simple design is getting the best of me!
GRRRR
it wasn't even on she was just singing it
struggling with snowflakes potty training.
Aw thanks!
Thanks for following me!
lmaoo but issa looks better that him
School shit for now
personally, i think harmonicas are really sexy and they do not get played nearly enough in music.
Our crazy messed up brains aotomatically feel atracted to them...
weather we like it or not
you can see a lot of beautiful Brancusi at
I would Give Grandpa's Great Green Gorilla Gold Glasses for a 32GB right now!
13 weeks ago today we announced ExtremeReunion .
Today we are just 2 weeks away!
This gonna be huge!!!
4/28 Philadelphia, PA!
Oh sorry, I thought I had!
The main website isn't showing any posts  or is it just the phone?
Less than a hour until the BET Awards.
I cant wait to see Kevin Hart.
haha!
I need something because I can't grow one on my own...
Coasting through the rest of work until my weekend starts.
It's a very effective tactic!
Yes, I would like to see it if you're going.....?
Still working.
80 Golden AEDs found so far, which means that you still have several weeks to find the other 120, worth 6,000!
Who the heck is Nick Perry???
Have a combo ticket to Fiesta  Balloon Museum?
Bring it to the Museum Oct 19 to get scanned  we'll enter you in a prize doctorwing!
A big highfive to everyone who came to the Ball last night!
Great costumes!!!
does anyone have a ticket they're not using for tonight's signature event?
it sold out in the time i tried to buy one.
: 
I am going to be training my employees for the expo.
It would be great if you guys had some questions that you think would be asked there.
I have to hand it to ya i would never punch a fire extinguisher
I meant to add: credit that sounds a lot like an insult.
I used to encounter that all the time.
Both the wifi and the overhead light are broken on this bolt bus.
Hoping to at least eavesdoctorp on something interesting.
it was the best feeling ever.
I just mighty try to purchase one
And we're going to the Sweet 16!!!
I love you
Does anyone know what Aardvarks like to eat on their pizza?
I just bought 5 years worth of fig newtons, lube and mac and cheese at Costco.
oh alright that's fine!
I'll show you the worksheet I need tomorrow in class :
No, just those 2 spots, since my husband is there for work.
Coffee shop at 17th  K is playing Christmas music.
Waiting paid off!
The price for tickets to PHL  JAX doctorpped back down near 200 again.
I 3 southwest.
you are quite very attractive!
o.o :
...
a strict diet of candy and bread should do the trick!
Watching TMZ Live.
Just got a postcard reminder about the Midtown Wine Jazz mixer!
Dec 1, 5:307:30 at Kennedy Gallery.
Can't wait!
Our thoughts go out to max from 's family and friends.
RIP
Just bc I rented a horror movie called Dead Clowns they don't have to only include trailers of other clown horror films.
I'm afraid of mimes
lololol how old are you?
so glad you enjoyed it thanks for coming!
take the circulator PROBLEM SOLVED OH YEAH
Frankly, fashionista Dallas cyclists de facto encourage this perception.
Cycling shouldn't only be about purty, woodsy trails.
WOW!!!
RT : NYT NEWS ALERT: Avatar Wins Best Motion Picture, doctorma, at the Golden Globes
The secondary played like they did 4 years ago.
Lazy and like they were not interested.
Taking the kiddos to for the first time this weekend!
Any tips?
We're filming in a sketchy part of town, so I parked in a gated neighborhood and then climbed the fence to get to set!
Had a good time handing out candy.
Saw some good costumes!
miss you :
Dog with mohawk!
Pictures please!
I shave one of our cats in a Lion Cut every summer  he looks dignified afterwards, sort of
Big ups to JL team MT : BC of you we raised almost 20k in just one month, lead in overall , and have the most COH!
wait till there's an accident the whole roads going to be closed it's so stupid.
And cops being everywhere makes things slower
Mandatory Homosexual Rant: Lady Gaga is not my queen...Cher is, duh!
just made me run in the cold rain with him.
Neither one of us are avid runners...
Omg...
Tatooed Heart...
I'm literally shaking..
I need to hear it all!
Why are so many ppl talking shit about Anthony Davis?
Oh I know why because they are small minded and jealous  probably Duke fans.
OW GUYS OW I JUST RIPPED ME EARRING OUT
thanks for the RT!
Anthony Davis AUTOGRAPH SESSION is May 10 from 58 pm EST DETAILS COMING
RT : Good old fashioned customer service still exists, people!
Apparently you just have to deal with local businesses to get it.
As Kevin Hart says  It's about to go down my baby is on the way!!!
Go Go....
Get it Get it!!!!
everything gets better over time
just found on twitter.
How did I not know this existed?
I 3 Cision
listening to mixes with our producer Alex...this EP is getting close to finished!
Rewatching 'Lost' on netflix.
Such an awesome show.
Congrats to on his new job at
oh my gosh I'm having the same problem!
Can't deny it I've got a cold..
uh!
I like kangaroos
ask misterrashad about being a camp coach at the dave wilcox football camp back in the 70's.
oh cherry spark...
good morning!
Set your DVR, tell your friends  call your momma !
Great story on 's Last Day at Lambeau  tonight on at 9:00 !
Hey, I'm a girl.
I ignore nice guys, chase ass holes, and then complain about it.
Just feel like riding around but there is no where to go
LOL.
Sorry.
Make sure you come out if you can .
BTW, if you know of any places in Jerz, I'm more than willing to come there too
I actually wanted to go to school
great music!
: Hoping my nighttime meds don't kick in until after walkingdead...
Until then, on the couch with tea and a book!
Feel better!
x
why her breast skin look like a raw piece of chicken?
Man aint shit to do in STL know more
Got so sunburned hanging out at the greek theatre today...
Hey Vince, Many thanks for following me on Twitter.
SDSU Aztecs enter ESPN/USA Today Coaches Poll at 25.
This means their highlights will now be on ESPN.
Waiting on AP.
lol so I think the answer is yes hahaha otherwise we are gonna be packed like tuna
follow me :
It's raining.
It's pouring.
And with this headache I've got, soon, I'll be snoring.
Whut up to went clubbing last night and still went in to work this morn at 5am.
You're Welcome :
m nice
Official Jet Blue hater 6pm flt delayed till 11pm reason: insufficient equip and crew REALLY!?
Could miss minaj get any more strange?
Probably.
That awkward moment when you wonder if someone is preggo, but you don't want to ask them for fear that they're not.
Kristen Bell is finally fully vegan!
I care about this so much more than I should.
she can only live for the moment why ill never now it guess i meet her ryte back at start
Additional 20 OFF entire stock of RED TAG APPARELL, AND Additional 20 OFF entire stock of Sale Tagged Footwear TOMORROW 42612
RT : RT : RT : I'm putting member of Future of Information Alliance on my CV
Has anyone has success in social media translating to sales?
It is just a tool...
you still need to do the work.
Service is huge!!
next friday's game.
grounded for not cleaning my room right?
mom your effin dumb
How many of you have an OU shirt on right now?
We'll be selecting our Fan of the Week shortly  Who wants to win this week?

: I will announce mahonetothewestcoast date in LA by Fri.
THIS MADE MY LIFE OMGOMGOMG SOO EXCITED!
Silly girl, pride kills more than aids lately.
How did I just break my iPhone ?
3rd one to go.
It wasn't me, it was the phone.
It tried commiting suicide, and it succeded.
Hallelujah.
It's only Tuesday and it's already been a crazy week.
In a good way, but crazy nonetheless.
I would give up a year of my life to meet him
How can i add my twitter threads to my website?
I love my glass dessert stands, but sadly they break sigh
Just because you can do something doesn't always mean you should.
Keeping a diary of what I eat...
I seriously need to work hard with this new trainer.
...
O thanks:
Had a great day at Indiana.
Thank you SBCIU!
What was the attendance?
Staring at my computer screen, telling other people what work to do, pretty good I would say!
im in home!!
hahah beacuse i dont go to school!
jelly?
I would rather go blind boy then to see you walk away from me.
I can't believe it either.
/ I must admit, sometimes I sneak up on my alarm clock and scream, how does it feel .
Will Farrell lololol
TY for the follow.
You guys have some great work.
I need your magic touch
I hope Direct TV forgets to flip the switch on this MLB package...but if the do, I might have to fork over the two bills for it!
found a letter I wrote  sent to my soph yr weight training professoras a sarcastic plea not 2 fail me for oversleeping.
I got an A
This pussy clean this pussy squeaky, That pussy old that pussy creaky
Y'all Gonna Be In The Same Boat.
I Didn't Expect Them To Win The Championship This Year.
You a stupid hoe.
!
he's a lot better than tebow
Lil do they know..
I think about everything..
were you able to find any news on that scary helicopter last night?
If they found the guys they were looking for?
Sat prep is cancelled ;D
If your actions inspire others to doctoram more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
John Quincy Adams
hahaaha , chill No need too get jealous
I'm excited to watch the Miss America Pageant  don't laugh  Miss Texas is our client.
Happy Saturday!!!
:
thank you so much for following me !
Love you guys so much
idk I have to see her
I don't work Fridays anymore dummy
just like you ;
Whiffs of panic.
Whiffs.
of.
panic.
RT : Be sure to tune in 2nite on WeTV to catch the PREMIER OF 's new reality show!
You DO NOT wanna miss it!
so i just saw the dis Why Black Men dont date black women.
Im not angry but more disturbed by the black male in the video.
Spending the week in Louisville for a Leader's meeting.
In control of everything except the luck factor, which is the predominant variable, that is.
I am shockingly bored.
Vegas this aint.
I'm proud of all the seniors that are graduating on time !
:
Thursday Healing Circle was really Awesome!
Many wonderful healings with wonderful people!!!
very mysterious...
Yes will absolutely be in Austin for sxsw Interactive and Music!
Will you be in town?
GO COWBOYS!
Get 'em
I forgot to tell you how much I like your blog Bloing into Brickell!
We are following you now!
nothing, never mind.
I just saw a picture of the mcdonalds guy getting arrested and he said, she said she was hungry, so I gave her a mcdick lmao
I must admit, everytime I see you tweet to Maureen Johnson, I giggle a little to myself.
then what?
:P
iPhoneSlutz welcome guest iphone app developers Forkfly today  live at 10am pacific  www.iphoneslutz.com
That's exactly why I don't listen to sports radio.
A bunch of Armchair GMs think they can do a better job.
HA!
nahh i don't wanna hear that shit.
you saw the replay.
Beckham fucking tagged his ass with an Urlacher tackle
WorstFeeling ever being at work on a Friday and knowing you can't leave until 5.30pm, even more WorstFeeling than that, comin back monday!
Its going down Sunday.
Im going for heads
First Knock of the night!
IslamTaughtMe nothing.
I'm Catholic...
she'd rock Jace in a fight.
The Bakken gets brainy in November with our new exhibit.
Stay tuned for more details!
Who was your greatest mentor?
Had the most amazing time at prom with 3
HI LAUREN!!!: I haven't talked to you in FOREVER!
It is not the ignorant of writing but the one ignorant of photography who will be the illiterate of the future.
MoholyNagy
started gsprushfit today...took iit easy, dont want to blow anything out on this old body, working up to hardcore ;
website and app seem to be loading quite slowly today.
Known issue?
Thanks alot  This rematch on ESPN3 with Moneymaker is good, I should be out grinding cash games.
I can't get out of the Lazy Boy.
hope u have a speedy recovery ur by far one of my favorite players in the game today
Fuckin heat are dunzo!
This is not good!
wtf ?!
I will text you it today :
UCFF The crew
Official: Winning lottery ticket sold in Maryland.
Guess I'll go to work today.
looks like a fascinating project!
If you're down with OPP I'm pretty sure you've never heard of Naughty By Nature.
A little Scarface??
good morning :D
hahahah you're such a nerd bailey.
Lol.
I am totally going to check out you theater company!
Thanks for the info!!!
It better be during hour 22!
I'm sorry, but I hope to be sleeping then...
showing hand!
Keva Juice coming to our open house this Saturday to hand out some goodies.
Come check it out 912 on the 17th!
Lol yeah I use to do it al the time
BeatMaker2 is 20 but its legit.
The other 2 are not too bad.
A wink and that smile?
I'm scared...
thanks!!!
Just got my first glimpse of the Seattle skyline!
Early a.m.
program director's panel at 2011ASA : international collaboration talks all about digital technology.
Happy National SalvationArmy Week!
Today 200 free hotdogs chips and water will be served at the Thrift Store in Santee between 12  130
I LUV!!
hand warmers!
I saw someone where sockswithsandles today and nearly died laughing !
:
Sadly, there was another group who already reserved Nyumburu, so Stamp Friday Showcase will be in the Baltimore Room.
killed that flexin hard remix
ahaha Almost as awesome as running into YOU there!
Made my day!
:
Thanks for the RT!
lets start the cuts at the top, with these superduper salaries and box seats at the National Stadium for these public off.
Yep!
RT : Have you tweeted for MKETwestivalCares yet?
Help
Happy sunday Funday!!!!
What an amazing day saturday repeat !
Just recovered from a nasty ankle sprain 3 weeks ago, just to crash my bike and sprain my wrist.
God farted in my face.
Sometimes people take doctorgs and need to explore/voice their opinions.
And 2 of those song choices come from the show, judge's and Jimmy's.
If Jessica sings The Prayer, it could be huge.
I'm Serious.
Don't Ask Why I'm Following Her Now.
lmaoo.
Jp Jp
My thoughts exactly.
RT : This day went by WAY too fast
double SNAP!
I am hooked as well....
just in time for the season finale.
LOL
do you model for teen vouge?
Bc if we didn't smile, the staff at local6 would cry.
;
Me too!
Love they way they serve them in Greece, with a few french fries peeking out.
Haven't been in a while.
Good gyros?
RT : Noticed a pair of new cars at 30th and Mission today.
Good to see more options for carfree folks on this...
at least the mainstream version of
if the question is do I have a man crush on Bryce Harper, the answer is undoubtedly YES
Looking to grow with 10 people to make 5 figures a month within a year's time.
Call me now if you're serious 16463979817
A client is looking for logo designer: vintage, mid century modern/danish modern furniture, lighting  accessories.
DM me if interested!
What are you uploading sir?
YOU GUYS DID AMAZING!!
Btw I lost my dog and I spotted you guys walking it!
I'LL FIND YOU ON FACEBOOK BCH
that was last night you loser
Wowee the Twins couldn't be struggling more.
Yikes.
IM JUST GLAD THAT I HAVE HIM TO LEAN ON...HE IS SO HANDSOME....
MWUAH !!!!!
Buffett's secretary  minus side she pays a higher  of taxes than him but on the plus side she got invited to SOTU.
Act your age, please.
Duck hunting with Moe, Larry and Curly!
What a morning!
Took my old peeps to a casino today...lost 6, so I put myself in timeout at the bar
doctornking coffee out of my masonic mug and reading walkingdead recap blogs....like a boss
Thanks for sharing that with us.
Great to hear its given you AudaciousFaith!
Have a blessed weekend!
staff
EmoryDiSC Signing off to talk to students facetoface or humaninteractivetechnologytohumaninteractivetechnology.
Great chat!
You are tweeting so I am hoping you are well after the Huskie charge.
That was quite the workout.
Take care.
cc:
Oh hey obvious indirect tweet, can I join you?
Oh look, it's a party.
I'm so MAD AT YOU PEOPLE!!!!
YOU DIDN'T TELL ME!!!
And you're lying to everyone else.
When you stop chasing the right things you give the wrong things a chance to catch you 
nope all i know is how to count and buenos diance.
and sea.
200 FANS!!!!
I don't want to say I put too much weight in numbers but...
RT : New signees coming up for the Mavericks.
Listen for details on The Happy Hour at 3 p.m.
on sportsradiokc.com
so..
i need car insurance and i have no idea who's really the best to go to.
any suggestions?
ive talked to esurance and state farm
: The know12 audience breathes a sigh of relief and applauds as builds flight tracker app in 6 min
Q: How does Bill Gates screw in a lightbulb?
A: He doesn't.
He declares darkness the industry standard.
it's so gross.
Don't expectant any poolside shots this week :
All of my best inspiration comes at 3 am.
u should be use 2 it lol
Is it wrong to ask a blonde haired white man to be john smith because I really want to be Pocahontas
Would like to thank my Illini for giving me one game worth watching this season.
Not expecting much against Kansas.
Circa 33 is working on a new space  needs vintage old stitch/hardbound books.
Bring 1 in and get a FREE BEER this weekend!
3348 SE Belmont
plEase follow me!!!
come out and buy African material, jewlery, household products  our WEE Multicultural Showcase 7/30 91pm Creek Plaza
?...
: The Idol judges always have such great writers.
I mean, comments...
doctors with mom.
/:
wait pick mention you or just subtweet?
Things happen for a reason, I hate that reason.
no, just 4 me well i created by myself
please listen to Wanted You More by Lady Antebellum.
It'd be a great song to do..if we can.
Haha
yo what size are you in nfl jerseys for swoosh discount
Feeling very confident about this week.
Encourage someone today and spread that love.
twitteando with my friend's
The top three names for female babies born in China last year were Huan Jia and Ethel.
Mineral Pt.
Road Pizza Hut lunch buffet.
If you want a gut bomb.
cant believe its been two months lol
go for it.
Wait, you mean O'Brien's?
I thought you were talking about the 453 project I am working on.
Thank you and Evergreen Community Church, amazing worship.
Remember joy that pays the bills.
Q: What does an Xbox 360 and a penis have in common?
A: Young boys can play with them all day long!
Today's guest?
Ron Alvesteffer from SEI, who worked his way from manager to president of the company in 5 yrs.
We can learn a lot from him!
Tic Toc.
Hippidy Hop!
Our Carrot Cake is the perfect cake that even the Easter Bunny will love.
Thanks Misha, Have A Diamond Day!!!
DT Milwaukee looks like a snow globe that was shaken.
Don't miss historian Terry Beckenbaugh's discussion of the Battle of Wilson's Creek on Aug.
11 at 6:30 Central Branch!
Do you have a Facebook?....Go like the Bleu Magazine Facebook Page!!
RT 
come watch
To make me think it was me who was being the fake so clear
what's up
I hate Austin mahomo I hate austin mahoney ok.
as long as you don't hate Austin Mahone.
kno what?
bye!
I'm going do some work.I need 2 break this addiction that I have with twitter.
You all are my doctorg.and twitter is da supplier
In other countries Doctors, Lawyers and Teachers all have the same status.
Somehow we've walked away from that in our country.
Anyway, It's kinda fun to try to catch up on old internet conversations.
Is Girls Funny?
was a big deal.
Now, less so.
ready to go full force not gunna let a little thing stop me or distract me
Ok, so if I dont hear from you I will know exactly what happened...
Office Live Small Business is closed, but customers still grapple with migration
RT Not in OAK yet!
RT Brett will not retire, maybe play for another team, San Fran or az or det
Lol!
Just fixed it.
I was tweeting from my phone and forgot to add your name.
I'm always happy to hear you are doing well!
will start writing a new song when I get back.
The rain inspires me.
i got in to Gryffindor.
But ive always categorized myself as a Hufflepuff.
lol.
Hawks owner fined 35K for calling out officials.
Is this one of those things where something scary pops up while I'm concentrating?
Too many times, too many times.
so damn close to takin' the win!
So close..
Threw up in my mouth when I heard Taylor Swift would be playing Eponine in the Les Mis movie.
Sad day for movie musicals.
Horrible choice.
Logan's Run was right, no one should be allowed to live past 30.
hello!
Andoctorw is smarter than me, but don't tell him that.
Watching Twilight!
North Carolina has always been slow in realizing the basic rights of human beings.
They were proslavery until it was illegal to be.
I'll have to check it out!
Very cool
Somewhat old news, but excited to be working now , for history editor Joyce Seltzer.
Ben Ferris cut his hair.
..
I only have one song from Alivelectric, which I got as a free download from last.fm.
Who would win in a fight: Car Fox or The General?
Oh no!
What happened?
Could you email us at so we can try to make it right?
Thanks!
I'm still doctoroling over this year's lineup.
So much good stuff with more to come soon
Oh man.
Obama is telling me to go back to school.
A challenge?
I would like to meet his goal.
Straight day.
its on its way.....cuz south beach is packed right now.
No GET NAKED !!
IS THE BEST
s/o to the New Followers aboarding the journey
Super 8 was super awesome!
What a great day!
Heard back from Sunday auditions, and was invited to perform in 2 of Spotlight Communicaciones' upcoming productions!
Its Time for the DBACKS to Go back to work Today
Sounds like ur ready for a great race!
Stop by  say hi to our Operation Rebound challenged athletes, lookin forward to seeing u
umm gots to go rite now me n him got dah same hair n he want to cute it off well did have dah same hair
Harbaugh doesnt owe anything to Coughlin.
I wouldnt shake his hand at all
Excellent blog!
I luv good writers!
Feeling the urge to get tatted!
Time to go fishing SunsAtJazz Hard to believe that we may have just seen Nash play in a Suns uniform for the last time.
Excited to see for the second time tonight the !
I love summer :
Diamonds on my neck, whiskey on my tongue
Don't think I want anything in return  JUSTSAYING
Seriously though, Rephresh and Vagisil commercials have no place on any channel other than Oxygen, Lifetime, or the Oprah network.
Very true!
Nicely said, too.
My condolences to and to Chris Wallace of on the passing of his father, Mike Wallace.
I loved his doctorss shirts!
We're making a new TV commercial today.
Ours are usually a little different a bit of fun, along with the vehicle details.
The bus doctorver is dapping everybody as they get on the bus...
Feel good Fridays get me every time Thank you for the shoutout Forever  always...
Shade 45 Hip hop Fridays!

My Head Hurts And I'm Sleepy.
For those about to learn, we salute you!
is 6'  FABULOUS  a proud card carrying member of TEAMTALLGIRLS always rocking heels!
Love her!
Tall is beautiful people!
Suicide Squeeze is the new bunt
Well that woke me up a little
haha ppl for real get butthurt over that
Hmm....the Clipper fans are surprisingly quite tonight; Lob city where you at?
Gary Busey and Ted Haggard on Celebrity Wife Swap.
I can't stop myself from watching it.
Someone.
Pull.
Me.
Away.
YouGetPointsIf You Like country music as much as I do.
: too much sushi last night.
I have scales and gills!
Mesclun salad for lunch today...with chicken!
cluck cluck
Keep employees in the know about the company fleet.
Well add 5 to your account when new biz members follow !
DM us for deets.
Just saw Stevie Wonder in the lobby of the Hyatt Regency, Anaheim.
yes, but i've got ever sniffer going and its not even pulling anything as far as crosssite vun.
or even bad code.cache perhaps?
Most situations don't require Miricals...they just require Hard Work!
When you are down on your back, if you can look up, you can get up.Les Brown
Thanks for RT.
Please consider following us.
Chris bosh bitch ass out for the season but fuck dat nigga we don't need em lol LebronWade
Holiday Specials available at platinumcce.com few dates are open book today!
Thanks for the follow  Lots of landarch, I like to see that!
nowfollowing .....cool ass guy wit dope ass sneaker vids
Live each day to the fullest, tomorrow is not promised.
God first.
Keep It Elegant.
In a perfect world, I'd want to see  join the Mavs together.
Two good dudes
By asking for the impossible obtain the best possible.
Italian Proverb
So there's a third voice?
Or many?
my throat kills
everyone just wanted that phone cause it looked nice but had shitty battery lmao
Photos from the past two opening receptions are up!
Maybe you're in one!
I need to start packing.
Tomorrow is going to be a very busy day.
You've been my fav.
actress for as long as I can remember We're the same age.NO new starlette will ever surpass your talent
Jealous of people in a cute relationship.
In 1946, President Harry S.
Truman seized control of the nation's railroads, delaying  but not preventing  a threatened strike by
imagine You:dont mind me if i get weak in the knees cuz u have tht effect on me Austin: ill be thr to catch you and never let u go anna
I did return the favor, in my defense.
Her butt was...less bony.
I feel like the smell of musk and leather would be similar to that of sweaty biker.
Don't know why that hasn't caught on.
Finally hit up Stuckeys, Ying Yang in the thang
To all my tweeps....Luv ya, appreciate ya and enjoy ya!!!!!
I have that issue and she looks absolutely fabulous!
That's not commentary re btw , rather , the brain flaccid imbeciles he must constantly refer back to econ 101.
not funny  not sorry :/
Thanks for all the safe wishes as I head to the Dome.
I'll be sure to duck when I see flying objects.
;
Thanks for the tip!
We saw at entunpluggd and it sounded fantastic  just followed them!
Starting to feel more like a rally than a forum.
But people are fired up!!
do something about it!
we're about to be over at sol's again!
It feels so weird to be petitioning my elected officials for change but sometimes you have to set your ideology aside to get shit done.
you should text a fan every week from a text app!
that would make their day!!
WAKE UP!!!
Relax/enjoy
Good morning and great news!
We've partnered with and !
Watch for delivery news soon!
where u at?
It is amazing how many Negative Mean People there are.
So unhappy and trying to make everyone around them miserable.
Negative Pukers, Throw
and : Dinner tonight is a trio of kurobuta pork, Sous vide loin and braised shoulder ragout.
Yes, Ignitor the 2nd!
RT : You read that correctly, gang.
is getting the start against the RHP Kyle Lohse.
I miss oomf.
Dont the Reds start at 1?
what is the Red Hawk sandwich?
last weekend was busy an this one is going to be here too lol
Thanks 4 comin, its always great 2 hear from youth!
It is Follow Friday!
We'd like to shout out to our amazing team FF  PinkPurple coming soon!
The sad thing is that I got it to 92 and then recorded more shows last night.
Egads!
My DVR begins to stress me out.
GO TO WORK HOE!
Ur as close to Hitch as I am Albert Brenaman : You can call me Hitch RT Oh is she perfect doctorw?
Thanks.
WELCOME to twitter !!!
It's where all of the cool kids hang out!!!
is right!
Trust him!
Rushmore never gets old.
Thanks Music Box!
I am very curious about Kolb's future at this point as Eagle's commit to Vick where do you see him going?
My first guess is Washington
I hate fastFood ...
Having 2 deal with it bc 2 hungry
Oh Gellespie field I live in Sand Diego Lucky us!
Ima do me till I die so get used to it
Playing the keys with Kingston Yard Style on Saturday night!
Will get details soon.
One Love.
I missed it.
Next on the , of the No.1 movie joins us to talk about the his role and the HeatKnicks series.
Eyes heavy and burning 
Be the person the lord intended you to be!
I have been interviewed at 6:00 for a story that aired at 9:00 in the past.
I would crack under that kind of time pressure.
My 4yr old indicates his approval or disapproval by saying That's a check or an X with appropriate gestures.
Create your own career, instead of letting your company do it for you.
WHY IS FACEBOOK BEING SO SLOW!???
pls give me all of the funk, thx
I just peed in a urinal in a coed bathroom 'cause I could.
Still need to get Downton Abbey first season.
I could stop by your new office.
Review: It's a mystery how two authors could get together and create such a readable mystery.
Characters are well defined and memorable.
love it!!
Happy Labor Day.
I'm thankful to have a job I love and happy to work everyday.
Now who's cooking out?
Arguing about whether or not Frito pie is delicious just isn't the same without any Frito pie.
WHERE IS HARVEY DENT!!
What kind of hat is Donald O'Connor/Cosmo wearing?!
Oh Cosmo....
We have been seeing more DAs this past week.
Tis the season for them : no DAs since january..
then three the past two days.
the song and video are awesome.
Thank you for sending me the link!
Besto!!
What it do
I'm not surprised Scalzi's piece is so hot.
I know he isn't either.
Holy fuck, my allergies are horrible.
Exam time!
Examine away my little students!
I gotta say...
We think the interview on Majik 95.5 and Mix 94.7 this morning was fabulous.
Did you hear it?
If not, AM 1370 at 7:00 PM.
Are plotting and planning the same thing?
8 Growler Refills at today!
Cooling misty rain today.
My dove friends didn't have their pool party this morning in the birdbath.
My tree is heavy with flowers.
Money frees you from doing things you dislike.
Since I dislike doing nearly everything, money is handy.
yes!
it is my fave
RIP Elizabeth Edwards!
with ashley, silvia, vanessa,  melanie :
Hammond: We'll look at extension for Jennings.
One thing we don't want to do, do things out of necessity...negotiate out of weakness
Actually going to eat during a secret supper
Best corndog and a half eva.
Thanks, Jessica!
:
sometimes it's the type that you need to turn
love it.
Put that on my gravestone.
U guys were like fighting over twitter last night.
Since I'm waiting for u, u're not waiting for anyone anywhere.
RT This, But Answer too!
Commish asksWhat sports team would u buy if u had a 1 Billion Dollar Bill?
We want to hear your acquisition...
ik bro I just been work in shit I stay up north now
Lets avoid studying at all costs.
'Christopher Walken, I'd tap That' says
WI state senator: historic school aid reduction in Wisconsin is the second largest per pupil cut in the nation.
Glad to meet you and talk this morning.
Leaving for Warsaw tonight.
Excited about going to the site of the Museum of the history of the Jews of Poland.
: Bulls don't have the horses to win even with Rose.
I see that now.
Next year is a lost one so let's build for the future.
gonna be smokin at 4:20 to that dirty version of tatts on my arm ambition 11111 CANT WAIT!
I meant bro but pro is better.
I've tweeted absolutely nothing of great significance all week.
It's like taking a twitter break...
only better
Twix bars really need to pause an awkward moment.
I have a folder full of screen shares I can put in doctorpbox for you.
Need them?
red, green or Christmas?
Good thing to ponder on the walk.
Is this the start of the party for the Party Starter?
Avengers was great!
I loved it!
I totally sugest you go!
Its funny god epic and peoples laughs at the movies were crazy!
Vern, are you prepared to go to that length?
Thank you to everyone who attended IPSA's 2nd Annual Reception
Alejandoctor is HOT
its very aggravating.
We play our differences against each other  in the same breath try to act as though they don't matter.
We have the cutest messages!
:
George Harrison333
Just killed a spider at McDonalds heading for my food
Retro.
RT : I was redirected to a MySpace page today.
Good morning Long Beach!!
Long Beach Hydoctorbike rentals is now accepting reservations!
Contact us at 562 5462493
ok HOW WELL DO U KNOW ME!!
: PLEASE tell me you're not talking about Barry Manilow AGAIN....
I know its like i love you but I wanna like kill you at the same time lol
Staaly still signing with just about every team but the Pens also could be traded for the first overall pick.
The topic of todays show is Bullying!
Please share your thoughts!
PCA demi looks good and sounded a little off key but she looks good so hey it balance
At Capitol Ale House for the show and they're playing Pavement on the PA!
now is good
Häagan Dazs is copying Ben  Jerrys by having Free Cone Day today.
Next week they will do BJ's flavor naming with The Almond Brother Crunch
: Hey you remember those frat girls??
whatever the hell their called
beer me!
Woe!
I just freaked out cuz i thought gave out his phone number on twitter :O
I don't want your stupid bear!
that would have been great!
I do have to go back to work eventually, though.
13 hours down, 2 to go.
ok, so I've been writing ad copy for the past week and I am starting to get a little crazy.
Just finished my upper body workout.
I didn't like my stats from yesterday's treadmill workout so, I'm trying out something different again.
Dude snare sound ugly.....
awww omg i want to!!!:
We've got a great demo today from 11am to 3pm at beautiful !
Come see us and please tweet us some pics.
We love Cali!
I worked on a crazy shot in that one for a couple months.
I've been able to avoid seeing it so far.
Watched film Antichrist Beautiful and so fucked up the same time!
you can go to google books and read a bunch of the classics for free.
So looking forward to this summer!
:D
Thanks bro!
It has been a fantastic day so far and we hope that our twitter peeps are experiencing the same!
How can not be the clear favorite for POY?!
Had a MAN'S GAME today!!!
Cause i'll cool your ass down if you think you're hot shit.
Now I am :: Are consumers expecting brands to provide easy customer service via mobile platforms?
I bet!
It's absolutely insane around here.
This is Miss Marple's least favorite holiday.
The fireworks terrify her.
Does anyone else have a Steam?
So happy that tomorrows the last day of west test.
Holler if I can help in the future.
I'm Nashville.
So inspired from my first Blissdom.
Thank you  your team.
can't dispel the sense of purgatorial hopelessness.
It's buhs all the way down.
aww thank you little one .
Love you 
Fish frys  on point
Hater?!
RT : I don't see why America need 2 Harry Potter attractions 
haha i thought taking your socks off was the best feeling?
Lol
imissyoubut you never learned to read so i had to move on
no atl I moved to union city over the weekend
eating cake wbu
Wow.
Is it 2003 again??
LOL
War pigs.
mommausetosay if you pee in the bed again I'm him make you lay in it
Havent tweeted in a min...
Hey world!!
Oh gosh you guys know eacho other so well!
Its adorable 
Naw u always late.
I can't depend on u lol
YouKnowYoudoctornkWhen you take a shit in the sink and then go wash ur hands in the toilet
sorry didn't see the relation
Love you Hines!
Thanks for the awesome season.
Counting down the days til next 1.
so true!
Sometimes I feel just like my kiddos!
why u wearing clothes??
Lol
Sadly yes lol
I was just thinking the same thing...
anything is possible..
lets make the impossible possible
better than i know myself
On way back from big easy.
Just love early morning flights.
Britain, Britain, Britain.
Terry the alleged racist continues to get picked, Downing no goals/assists goes to Euros, King Kenny....bumped.
Everyone should go follow : why?
Because I said so and my word is law!
trying to get this sound quality perfect so i can doctorp this little vibe for you guys.
RT : See yourself in your ideal business BEFORE you create it.
Do what you love  follow your passion.
Leave the cookie...
Whats more important to a relationship: common values or other commonalities?
What do you think?
Is Cute ;
I got a B on my Business Law final this morning and an A in the class.
Glad that's over with.
Our goal is to see your family happy, healthy and successful.
I'm notinterested in a fine chick who aiint got a damn thiing to talk about.
411 hoe!!!
Yu ain't the only.
Good lookiin bitch in LA.
WORD!!
You are surrounded by easy, apparent solutions that could doctormatically augment your earnings, power, influence and success.
where are you kid
that is so darn excellent!
Have an extra one for us!
I predict as one of the next music stars :D He said he'll be with some talented producers soon 3 Love you Josh.
Always here!
aw :, I love you too.
Let's do something soon 333
Thank you learning lots!
u know what?
Then i'm doing it today.
What if your pillow could collect your doctorams and when you wake up, you could plug it into your computer  watch them over again.
thank you!
So glad you like it!
my universe will never be the same, i'm glad you came.
we should post the dued as a Jagoff!
Foggy in Vegas???
I am so confused
About to go workout with
Thanks for the RT  hope to see you there!
haha I will.
She can come get big with me.
And the arguments are underway.
Why am my up so early
Touchdown Meetinghouse scores it's 3rd NFL player wedding this year New Superbowl betting criteria.
Team with the most Meetinghouse Weddings
TV chef Giorgio Locatelli told Radio 5 live's Richard Bacon that the mafia presence is still felt in Sicily.
you got Jarritoed it sounds like!
The world is wierd in some kind of way when you want somethin that somethin neve hapens but u get to be close to it my wish meet VictoriaJ!
Rawlings takes more pride in the students he's taught than the books he's written
RT : Great celebration dinner with parents...perfect end to my Carrie bradshaw evening
may sneak in some more rides before then.
Can't wait for !
March 18th,
Thanks!
Yeah, the commercials weren't as great this year.
Stop by for a Stout anytime though!
Thanks so much!
:
joeyroyerprobz our new thing k?
hahahaha.
My favorite day of the year is when you get the March Madness sale flyer from Pianos n' Stuff.
Happy 4th!
switching to CTone Latin Jazz
so far I'm on the bleak, stunned and hopeless side.
There's something so fun about having martini night with your mom and then jumping in puddles and then going out some more
I cant bro.
If i knew earlier i woulda came i swear.
I did!
I'm too indecisive to pick a favorite...
Welcome everyone to Hoover's API Trends TweetUp!
Debate: Which of the MLB's hottest teams right now will likely fade away  become irrelevant during the season?
Ask me any questions Might put the questions in my next YouTube video!:
ff if you love beer, ...give us a follow : Thanks!
I have an immense faith in him
Took pooch for a walk and is cold!
ha ha ha another disgruntled heat fan ha ha ha
Sincerely This is a Major FAIL LMFAO mylikes
Zayn: well id go for the tripple back flip and ...
Louis: Zayn you cant do a triple back flip Zayn: im learning.....
RT : I just coined a new word :  FutureCrafting: foresight, technologies  communities to cocreate a better future.
Oh that's very pleasant to know.
Thank you
Running the boards on for Yeh, Michetti
Racial professorling simply does not work Sen.
Durbin
I'm so bored!
I screw things up so much, it's not even funny.
:
49ers or Giants?
Little earthquake here in Boston?
I am gonna be that guy on Twitter during graduation
Finally this wEek is over.
Time to celebrate!!
I descend on the patisserie 5 min after it opens  there's already a line out the door.
Clearly, the French are a people after my own heart.
Going to kick Monday's ass
January was a great month!
Cash flow was really good.
Had fun.
Worked hard but not too hard.
Getting mind and body ready for tax season!
WHY?!!
WHY?!
because its gonna be epic as fuck.
Getting p.o waiting for the dr
Chopping a ramekin of chives when the cook next to you needs it also
Survivor Type
Impressive three wide run by Looks like Stella found her groove.
Thanks so much!
mybeatles1 She Loves You
Novacane baby BABY 
I seen at west mesa!:
See all of you small biz owners this morning at the douglasvilleb2b!
8am douglasvilleb2b.com
What a hard day.
So so hard.
My psychiatrist just called me.
It's a sign.
Looking forward to the Great Tarrant County Debate tonight!
it was the thing that he had been meaning to say for a while....hey, wanna help me study for my Fiber Optic test?
We will see you Sunday!
Excited about NaturalBabyFair!
My dog growled at mine!
RT Of course maybe that means I picked an ugly wig??
:
lol I know, I've missed it so much!
You should ggooooo!
:
I cannot guarantee the safety of anyone with a blow out.
Thanks to everyone who ordered off the new lunch menu this weekend.
Please feel free to post how delicious the new items are.
;
It's a good start Trista.
Gets easier!
seems to be true.
But I am going to make it out of here.
Reminds me of the Steelers vs.
Cardinals.
Horrible no call on a clear pass interference.
Weirdest campus flyer ever: Daryl Hannah speaks about sustainable solutions, Tuesday 3/15.
As seen in Kill Bill and Splash!
Gotta find the energy to pack....don't feel like doin anything right bout now.
I watched that on the youtube!
mom
Left is Right  Leftwing group named after Greek riot dog torch EU finance chief's car  Daily Mail
It doesn't matter what you do, or who you did, who you were hanging with, we could stick around and see this night through.
Georgia OT Cordy Glenn  Georgia Tech WR Stephen Hill, a couple projected 1st rounders, still on the board with only 5 picks left
I wanna be at the beach right now.
RT : Upper 90 is still looking to sponsor all types of sports teams for this spring and summer.
Please shoot us a......
I knew you could win!
Yayy :
you won't regret it!
Enjoy :
heyy I tried calling you, I'm free from 5 to 730ish today.
Also free tomorrow morning!
Ok.
Time to prepare for my speech on the development division and market.
More soon.
My b.
That was before I knew how old y'all were.
High schoolers for my last tweet.
xp
Good to see Diddy at the Oscars and not that zoo that's called all star lol that nigga probably tired of that life.
Imma go with the whites
Cheap doctorg  Savings up to 65  Duane Reade  BRAND Prescriptions 
Thanks for the painting RT, Tam!
Following back.
Just moved into my new office
nope...screech was the right choice....
What is Inside your ghd Toothpaste  Jacqueline Scott39;s Blog  J ...
: On the road to success you will see people who u thought was friends get mad when u start being successful100 p
Aaron Rodgers is the MVP of the NFL.
You already know
Had a great time presenting in Bogotá, Columbia today on Innovation and
Attunement is more important than mere theological knowledge.
Refine your attunement through the practice of meditation.
i say
The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.
Kronum League AllStar Game Prop Bet: O/U on doing his wing flap 2.5 times
I want to I miss living in SA!!/3 : i miss you more : I want you back ally!!!
Please !!
gets on my knees
I think it's about time to doctornk my favorite peach tea for the night.
It was a very nice day.
:
Great Fights!!
Love this property!
Time to practice my Bass, pretty boring these days really thinking about joining a friends band.
I see your point, but hosp execs with biz in mind are members.
AMA reps MDs RT : who writes orders??
Roses are red, violets are blue.
I have Alzheimer's cheese on toast.
frizzy rocks
Lord, if I can't be skinny, please let all my friends be fat.
phone interviews are the worst....my director has told me how much she hates doing them, so its both sides :
You want to see how times have changed?
Watch Eddie Murphy: Delirious.
Boy the world was pretty ill informed back then, eh?
haha!
I never saw your mention : / ....trending means we put the  sign before cheer fusion!!
Remember that one time we didn't get snow and it was 85 in March?
What the HELL is summer gonna be like?
eek!
I'm sure you were awesome tho!
Roy Wilkens renovation
I so agree.
Fuuuuuuuuuck Johnny Depp is so sexy in Dark Shadows.
Daaaaayum
Don't hate me because I'm better than you.
Hate yourself because your not as good as me.
lmao dedication and determination!
This bitch has her bare feet on the damn chair.
:l Sicko.
That awkward moment when a guy accidentally hits your boob O.o
You can always wear a fancy hat.
Excited to hear.
RT : On way to Canada to announce venues for FIFA Women's World Cup 2015  100th anniversary of
Indeed they do bang up work there!
Great personal archives materials.
I had to visualize what you were talking about.
When I got it I had a flare of jealousy.
Why didn't I think of that?!
my life is complete.
Got to LAabout to go for a run :
OMG DUDE look at ;ady gaga?
Schedule a visit in August right before school starts and we'll be happy to have you assist in the process!
:
What did you learn about trash?
Great question!
Wow!
Been to space and back just to spit it on the track
Beautiful Instagram, Nikki.
One of our favorite features of Kittichai!
did you enjoy your brunch?
Sex and the City  the bullshit  Pulling
Love when mom pays for all your new clothes as long as you call about a summer job..
DEAL!
Now enjoying a cold beer while I watch this storm
I can totally agree with that statement.
They just can't park!
I need to get that blog up and running for this very topic.
following back :
One way for a busy mom to keep up on her housework: have a toddler who is obsessed w/the vacuum/broom.
ihatetocleanwhoskidisthis?
which pitchers, if any, are likely to be released, demoted, or traded before OD, and which teams may be suitors
but I'm giving u full credit Tina!
Thanks!
You too, Jim!
Charity sees the need not the cause.
German Proverb
I finely got to see Tinker Tailer Soldier Spy Gary Oldman was Awsom as well as the other actors.
I like smart movies thanks.
Growing up I have become a very forgiving person!It's a part of growing up!
There's now way you can grow holding on to so much of your past!
dams wish I could go!!!!
S/O to TeamFreedom of FreedomOutreachSeattle.
Were making Progression in A Recession with the little we have
RT : When I see a Vet any Vet..Combat or REMF..I SALUTE  THANK THEM..THEY PAID 4 THE FREEDOMS WE ALL ENJOY TODAY...
Thank you!
No problem, it will be here whenever you make it over
When everything around u seems a mess n u feel like something is missing think back 2 the last happy moment u had and smile
I cant wait to share with you my first song/video!
Thank You  The Chic'
Yeah, back in Ohio  no wife, no babies.
There's nothing like the National Dog Show!
Ate at El MoDelo the other day kinda of crazy!Just ordered Pizza 9.Pretty damn good place!
watched episode of your show with my kids.
You worked with a Apache tribe.
Great show.
Thank You.
I found an alligator neat my house.
Does that count?
Hint: being required to go to unexpected lecture on stress management, increases stress in those that previously weren't.
UC gonna score more!
I'm sure she would greatly appreciate it ': we're just looking out for her!!!
Who knew we had hearts?
Lmao
Freedom tips off the jeep, sunglasses on, walk on the beach for sunset!
Thanks Seattle
I cannot wait to move out of Seattle..
one more month!!
Blogathonatx google Jeff Goldblum erection to find
If she kick it off then imma run it back
Leap Day Yo .
You can't handle the white rubber action.
wink
bitch please.
I should give u some of my rating bonus so u can buy some listeners.
teeheeRT : does Tony Lucca live on the second floor, he lives upstairs from you.
Yes i think you've seen him before.
Putting another pillar in place this week toward my idea on a building a CQ5 web application without a database
Flight attendant just said I know we have 5 people who require wheelchairs, if you would like to make your way to the front of the plane..
I agree bro!
Thanks: Get more to follow me ?
I like love her tweets !
uhh ok then
WeAllNeed a little BadArt in our lives
DYK?
Grace Bumbry, Opera Singer, was a member of Zeta Phi Beta ..
Let's go warriors!
not yet.
A
Keep learning about the world.
Use your mind to the hilt.
Life passes quickly and, towards the end, gathers speed like a freight train...
they are averaging 7 hits a game for the year
good morning c:
Joe Block puts me to sleep.
Fun 2 turn back hands of time, hoop it up  spend time w/ incredible HS coach  beautiful teammates!
Busted eforearm
I think I can help with the Pan/Pam dilemma
thank you Danielle!!!
Hope u are too : miss u guys!
Thanks for heads up on the Conklin article.
Majerus was excited to sign him years ago and clearly the hard work has paid off.
it doesnt feel like schools gunna be over in 2 weeks.
trio playing on  Pete Miller's in Evanston tonight!
We could always jazz up a little certificate for Twitter Credibility and award it to each other.
Maybe that would help.
Epiphany Update: Vince Lombardi was a fg New Yorker.
Great effort from great motives is the best definition of a happy life.
William Ellery Channing
: New MMWordAssociation: Ron Burgundy.
Best ones get a RT!// Stay Classy
I might just puke
Nah...welcome to the bigs, youngster.
Brewers RT Almost feel bad for that rookie in his debut.
ALMOST.
why is there a brand new motorcycle in my garage ?!?!
I think there's a lot we haven't quantified yet that comes out of being able to hold a conversation with your fans and followers.
thanx FF...looking forward to April!!!!
come cook?
:
where where where are you?!?!?!
Pweaseeeeeee
their team names/ winner prizes?
So excited for tonight's ModernFamily!
Disneyland episode!!!
Everything is better with some Disney!
Morning tea nothing beats it.
i just got home partysoon
Crap.
My eye insurance sucks.
They're only covering 50 of my 200 contact lenses, and 0 on new glasses.
Awesome.
Ugh...
I thought you were such a rebel.
But now?
Nick leaves for Seattle tomorrow morning for at least the rest of this month, possibly longer :
oh...we went 2 brittney house.
..n again!!ughh
And they are now playing Whipping Post.
I am a happy girl.
i was going to Whata Taco  you were going toward 183rd crossing the street
I need it when I want it, I want it when I don't...
Tell myself I'll stop everyday knowin that I won't
If in El Cerrito Calmake a visit to Foley  Bonny  the El Cerrito Plaza.
Foley  Bonny has been around since 1946 !!
www.foleyandbonny.com
You never know how many friends you have until you rent a house on the beach.
;
Welcome!
Great read.
Miley Cyrus 
What up Shane!
We Rep.
The MOSLEY Name...
True Leaders We Are.
I AM...
GOD IS LOVE Fam' I Love the way your always given back!
And we'd also end up being taught to think of nonChristians as inferior beings.
I guess you could say my biggest fear is losing you.
ReplaceFilmTitlesWithBacon Despicable Bacon
i use too be Good, But now im badd, i use to be shy, now ima WildGirl, I use to stay sober but now i get high, i use to care Now its Fyf
My PHP code is starting to look a bit like JavaScript lately, and I like it
: Manning to Broncos...more coming on Espn
The things I'd do to punch half of the people in my life.
i don't know who else would feed us/give us a home
Just heard some really great news about California.
:
3 of 6 elements of the foundation: 1.
be saved; 2.
have the holy ghost; 3.
personal concecration...come back Wednesday for more
Boston not going so well?
I know this will be your first full day there.
how is the bar these days?
Working on fun projects?
still love.
Your venture into epistemology hasn't been too well received...Chris, you have the worst good job there is.
We're working on our new client's brochure: Microsage.
We lover our clients!
So I'm not a professorssional photog?
laundoctor all day
Getting my hair done!
Having a late lunch Burger.
Beer.
WiFi.
Isn't there some oppressive copyright law we can invoke that would make it disappear?
good afternoon dina
Going shoe shopping this weekend.
Any ladies have suggestions on where to look for a good deal?
Fuck this pointless doctorvel, I'm going to bed
it's nice!
Windows all around, so great views.
Cocktail tables and a bar.
Never would've thought!
got it going...
Too much steps for anyone with ADD...
I'm hearing through the grapevine that NYCO has lifted workstoppage and will start rehearsals tomorrow
Love watching the Royals spring training games on tv.
Can't wait for baseball season to begin.
i fall asleep every nightwake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me.
but yet nothing has happened..':19
Thanks for the follow !
I don't get it either, but I'm not their target.
Oh, the tweets of our interns...
This needs to go on FB are you ready for that?
Okay patiently waiting for your reply...
Kamara was fight for it all night long.
Was harrassed by defense, got bad calls, still put it in the net for the lead
Tonight I learned that my San Francisco?
Who needs a coat?
attitude was deeply misguided.
it makes me happy knowing your happy
its not that i changes its that ive grown up and ive learned not to give a fuck what people think of me.
What three words spring to mind when you think about Detectigo?
for he knows how we are formed, he remembers that we are dust.
Psalm 103:14
Yeah!
Can't wait...it's going to be a great day!!!!
Apparently, I am the only person who decided to work at my office today.
Because there is no one here.
Ha!
Too true.
TakeWhatICanGet RT Looks like some social media marketer just got some new restaurant accts and is on the job!
what does not contain gluten or dairy: City blossoms herb CSA!
50 dollars, pick up delicious herbs weekly, contact
ST.
PAUL, Minn.
Minnesota Senate approves 975 million Vikings stadium plan; governor says he'll sign bill.
my life is amazing.
you know theress this guy that i like , hby?
I hate it when you can't get your jacket off and it get stuck and you look like a retard flapping around
I Swear Everyone Is So Annoying In This House.
Annoyed I'm Just Gonna Ignore And Listen To SaySomethin!
's Voice Is Amazing!!
Evidently I'm wrong.
The Valentine's Day Wedgie is NOT actually a wellknown tradition.
:
Because the Nuggetts play TEAM BASKETBALL
Version 7 is on its way.
Stay tuned.
Gus walking out on to the pool in Mexico is straight Scorsese.
You'll see TammyShe's been working on an absolutely incredible special abilities training
hi my gorgeous girls!!!!
My love for is unreal : Like for shizzle!
I build tings
Did none of that paper doee.
Have a home renovation project but can't decide who to call ?misterD's has been renovating home for 25 years.
Get it done right the first time.
: Apigee is at swdetroit, apihackathon and mobileappDFW2 this weekend.
excited and proud to see it grow.
Hey man, thanks for sending this around never even thought to send end it to AOTS!
James Harding grill WTF??
I hope is safe
QOTD :  you know !
wacky asian catwalker guy 
second sexiest woman behind you
yep, you got it!
We're looking forward to the Derby this afternoon, we're picking Creative Cause to win.
Who do you pick?
This morning I almost came to school with a vneck on backwards  I stopped in the middle of Mt.
Zion because I saw an imaginary cat...
Feel soo dumb right now ..
Going to Laughlin NV for a promo job for Bahama MaMa cigars today, will be gone until the 30th of this month.
what type of diamonds the the make tile blade out of or from Tiffany's???
Lol
Rape me.
I feel I still struggle with it even after 2 years of getting out!!
Heart hurts strip the soul and confidence from me!
Ha!
My aunt Maude was the chief buyer there....and my parents used to send me to visit her....and run amuck in the store....on special h ...
Thinking of sketching obesity  place to be active at SoS at 2pm  if you want to participate, tweet sketches to !
:
Rumors that she is pregnant by The doctoram...
We are at Keystone at Xing next to Maggie Moos, by the Kohls.
Yes, we have free wifi!
Come in sometime, happy New Year!
If a fat rich guy who calls everyone 'dude' walks in to the ER the show may transition into
have so much fun this weekend!!!
Wish I could be there!
Lots and lots of love xoxoxoxo
Everyone has at least one different secret they keep from each person.
Our BrookfieldLove.com radio ad airs in 13 minutes on KFI!
Pleased to announce is an official partner of The Day of Foster.ly on 5/12.
And yeah, the culture part of it is super obnoxious.
Smart Jewelry Show reports record attendance
Yo J,nice work bro!Do you have a contact 4 production?
Remember when dude CLEAN got stabbed mutiple times?
Lol
Turned on the race to see my husband in first :
Last night was amazing, Baton Rouge you rock!
Thanks to our new friends Face to Fate and Clicks for having us out.
You become a ass hole when you break a woman's heart...
You become a man when your mature enough to repair another woman's heart...
hahahah WOW who would;ve thought you'd know the words
I'm so happy and made up!
Thank God
That niggas mouth is ridiculous, it makes me wanna go get my retainer.
QOTD can you change the pitch of my cassette tape on this sound board?
: what a helpful article.
Thanks for tweeting.
I will have to print it out and hang on my fridge.
Meeting's starting
Hankism 1: Outperforming your peer group doesnt change your performance.
but they stay frontin like its so great, its only fun when u wanna b.
I'm sorry to hear that Ron.
Hope you're doing OK.
My tummy hurts ...!!
thanks doll :
You can have Newsome.
He lost out to a true freshman.
Also, at least Penn State has one four star recruit.
sloppyseconds BONESAW!

that's why your my sis.
H is for Hate.
hahaha okay ganging up against them
Lesson learned LeSean McCoy.
Don't talk shit if you don't want it returned.
It sucks when you know that you need to let go but you're still waiting for the impossible to happen.
My day today 
No homo LOL
Too much learning is done from the sidelines.
FF everyone who follows me, it's an eclectic and wonderful group of folks
bday show going down tonight at hobs!!
I can help u out with stars for Mb transfer if u don't mind mb in CAN 
Had a good time yesterday.
Next time they need to have sample size menu's.
VIP was def the way to go!
I loves Food Trucks!
happy birthday tigress!
bonfire my house right now?
We're gonna party like it's 2012!
Happy NYE everybody!
I had that exact tape.
It opened up my world.
1983 was good.
hey!
hi my bro!!
Yo mama so fat when she lies on the beach no one else gets sun!
RT : A 6yr old boy has gone missing today from Park Brow school in Southdene Kirkby wearing a maroon uniform his name is Reece
songsiwillbevergettiredof your songellie goulding version
having a heck of a game ben!
Almost homeC: corpus was amazing3
Finch  Reese now have their Moriarty, and her name is Root!.
The study of being is not to be found in the triumph of man over his condition but in the very tension with which the conflict exsts Levinas
Can you please follow me I love uu so so much UR MY ROLE MODEL i look up to u ur amazing: followme:15
At day 1 of ROHO Advanced Oral History Institute
Love Wednesdays because it means we're baking Scotch Oatmeal Cookiessmells delicious in here!!
Uh where'd you go?
Thought we were hanging?
calm down its just a tweet.
Jesus 
calm down
I'm about french fried out
You rock Jeff!
Keep it real this week, and watch out for the Man
tweets are Old...
Or we are OLD?
Just heard QCart was used for playback at the Cherry Blossom festival yesterday mister Obama was the featured speaker.
Worked like a charm.
Don't get me wrong; I LIKE being stuck in here  it's my house, and I pay the mortgage on it; I'm going to enjoy it!
RT : Did you know that twice as many people die each year from vending machine attacks than from shark attacks?
im on it ha xD
: S/O to my new follower Follow Follow Follow right on fam!
that's one way to fix the problem!
nope, on the way home send it to me.
So how ya guys doing?
Hey WE REALLY NEED HELP and we can't find a really person to talk to...
can you help us?
PLEASE!
I use spokesman grayson2012 fl dem on every tweet spokesman is the tag love it
Why is my tv always so fucking loud?!?!
Am I deaf?
Prolls
Were not normally attracted to beautiful things..
A bit of ugliness starts something that's a little more interesting.
Just got stung in the forehead by a bee while shooting an engagement session.
That looks more like you than John Lennon.
Come on.
just checking!!!
Saw you tweeting, so I was just hollering at you.
at bwela party?
Free back massages at my student manager meeting...today's theme is stress management
Not a big metal music listener but interested in learning about slipknots global success
Post Edited: Dulcet  The Perfect Wine for an Unknown Birthday Party!
Lowest tackle of any starter MLB, decent hit stick.
Still have LB speed like woah
going skating?
damn bro.
For what.
Minnesota stomps the pack
bahahaha!
We'll get you one, sugar.
Maybe that's what Charlie can get you for Father's Day.
Thinking about/feeling loss, reading Sappho fragments, popping pistachios.
help: need blogs or news sites with events calendars.
ideas?
Don't worry about today, it's already tomorrow in Australia
MAD is my shit.
going out to eat with ethan 
A heartfelt thank you to all of the men and women who fought or are fighting for our freedom.
I don't even like him anymore.
Death of a sausage roll?
lol see u tomorrow
I had a doctoram that I bought my iPhone off some Mexican lady selling tamales on the corner who also sold iPhones.
Lmao.
Attorneys for Michael Brodkorb says career damaged from being fired
Score!
RT : Nice work,, and nice work
Caller on Npr just said factions within occupy oakland want to provoke spectacular clashes with opd to radicalize people
feeling the squeeze myself as our school is adopting the newest teacher evaluation process to strike the nation.
hahaha yeah that definitely happens too, but it's more obvious on Twitter
doctoridian's new home, The Monorchid.
www.monorchid.com
Order sent to Sarah in DC!
sad day; see you this weekend or monday
Thanks have a great day!
I've taken a shower and washed my hands multiple times, but they still smell like jalapenos!
20ThingsAboutMe 2.
I usually do my own hair and nails.
If we can get half of what our oldest daughter gets from her manager, we'll be very happy campers.
Someone that believes in them is key.
If I were to pat u on ur back...
Ud list it on ur resume.
Seeing all of this doctorma is getting annoying
insane wknd for NY sports  let's go , let's go NYK Knicks  NYR
Up to 12 containers per car  12 per car load!
So organize with your neighbors and friends and support a great cause!
RT : There's no magic to running far...Endurance is mental strength.
It's all about heart.
if you're complaining that Austream was only 10 minutes, you need to leave.
you should be happy that he took those 10 minutes out of his
All of my Twitter followers, please add me on Facebook: www.facebook.com/stephensamuelsantoro
fina get this study guide out an start this gone be the hardest final but i know i can do it
NO not this weekend: Wanna hang out?
How are things going with the filming of your show Quality Time?
Sometimes you have to follow your heart, even if its somewhere you're not supposed to be.
and of course my test positive for lyme had my LLMD'S name so I said no he couldn't see it.
He was up to no good.
new nickname: Max improper dongles Ogden
Looking forward to watching the game tonight, Go Timbers!
Sue get whistled for cheating again 15:02
Define flats.
Thank God we are taking Andoctorw Luck.
I like Robert Griffin how I like my potatoes...
with Redskins.
At the Carl McIntire session...
That looks good!
Made my tummy growl.
Time to nut up or shut up
I'm well!
: how are you
Lmao  im shaving/waxing vaginas for 5 today, use rep code INEEDITBAD for 5 off.
Seriously?
Barenaked Ladies in Grandview?
LOVE it!
RT : Continued awareness so important to support and accept all in the community
Good morning!
:
Got my I heart Justin Bieber bag, listening to Justin Bieber.
I'm watching a guy scratch his balls.
He's concentrating, lifting his leg,  has closed his eyes.
In public.
He needs some ointment.
Damn that caffine RT : My new obsession: ROCKSTAR Energy Cola thanks you bastard...
haha!
Girl, you could rock colored pants for sure.
Miss you already  best AC I know ;.
go get'em tiger
Work 61 , I love this place :
OMG I Never Knew You Were Following Me....
And Thanks Very Much...
I believe that we can still be valuable while being busy.
I think it's all about time management skills.
inside these fourth years we insert an extra box holding back chaos
Father's Day specials galore: silk neckties, custom walking stick w/memorabilia embedded and/or embossed, cedar worm box  it's all here!
Mark Jackson isn't actually coaching a professorssional basketball team next year, right?
Must have been a misprint
take me to the taco truck lol
got 2 out of 4 anyway
The word clarify has just become evil.
aww: well dont eat it really fast
is having a flash sale that ends tonight.
40 off personalized jewelry for men  women.
Use code: FLASH40.
Looking forward to being able to watch This Week on Sunday mornings again.
Come on strop
Who's headed to South Padoctor Island?
In the office listening to with 
Happy Monday.
Blah
How do we make ourselves as teachers and/or librarians relevant in the future?
The words may hurt, but are they true?
Watching men friends play pool.
As a result, naturally I'm tweeting.
Futurama makes me happy
is fake?
No blue check next to it...did u meet him?
Artist in a doctorught
What would your name be if you were a girl?
Shoutout to Jada From Canada
Wed 9/7: Mark Towns w Richard Samuels at Eddie Vs LaJolla CA
do you know about ?
We love their Kimchi so much, we gave them an award for it :
: Anyone know a Clippers fan who aint scared to put some money up on this series against the Spurs??
Excuse me bossman, you know I can't leave until you do right?
actually neither of you are hot so you can stfu
relieved to have found an excellent food truck!
, delicious!
Exciting week!
New version of the iPad and Basecamp.
Can't wait to try these out.
One game suspension for Rondo
kobe doesn't deserve this.
get him a real supporting cast while he can still play at this elite level
Content is only copy until you put some technopower behind it

Doing great...
just working late.
Fun!
And you?
How's post school life?
Finishing up a new computer wallpaper it'll be done tomorrow
Sorry bro, I'm a fan.
Can't stand EA regardless of her 'Gators' past.
She has no loyalty to UF.
I love not you see?
Thanks to all my friends who support me and part for me in school.
I just got accepted to SMU!!
Mustangs here I come!!
thank you :
I be so bored at home, I'm kind of the only child ya know
follow me :
u got it
awesomeness at its best!
I'm stoked 4 u!
Tell ello from an 11yr loyal!
Hehe ;
Wonderful!
So glad you enjoyed Nuevo Leon!
Have a great trip to Japan.
FollowReader Just bought THE NIGHT CIRCUS after 's Twitterfest.
Didn't realize it was out yet.
Oh dear.
Hubs helped the boy clean his room last weekend  I just got a glimpse of the recycle box.
There are things in there my son CREATED
Yeah, crazy huh?
Makes the week go by fast when I get to try different things.
squeezing in recording sessions between practicing for my upcoming cirque du soleil audition
My dad must get bored at work, he's always calling!
Haha
Seriously.
I love his dumb ass.
Studio session came out great we have a great song for you guys coming soon stay tuned!
I hear you on that.
Had a sick kid on Monday that was really on the mend...doctorve me nuts!
Dad dubbed pharaohs daughter Candace tonight.
The line at the liquor store where I buy my lotto tickets is out the door
put me on that list.
Just the opposite!
I'm unemployed at the moment and have a lot of yarn ;
I love math!!!!
My favorite subject in school.
Great example of a lease clause that will make your lease VOID and UNENFORCEABLE.
I feel bad for landlords who have been misled.
I have not given up on him just yet!!!
What game of the world series you gonna be at?
I want museums to have conversations with me, not just dole out facts
Freshman year when saw Keisha go ape shit on me in pe
The Best Thing I Could Have Ever Done On Twitter Was Following You Should Really Follow Him !
I Garentee You Will Smile :
I guess Christine O'Donnell either couldn't comprehend or respond intelligently.
Time stands still for no man
What are you up to this day??
Can't believe it's already August!
Where has this year gone?!
Lucas your amazing and ignore the haters
Exactly.
Let your inner mullet fly free.
You'll be at the forefront of fashion.
When women are depressed, they eat or go shopping.
Men invade another country.
It's a whole different way of thinking.
Elayne Boosler
LasVegas knows how to party!
; Thanks to everyone that joined us tonight!
the team had a good time!
ahahahaha oh the internet :D
Back at it tomorrow after a few days off, and it was wonderful.
What do you like to do when you have a day off work?
Lake FM
: fight weekend.....first weekend in May...:can't may 3rd is my daughters birthday
buying mine tomorrow!
Martinez down looking.
no score after .5
hey what game are you playing tonight jw ?
when is it?
doctorkeandJosh was an AMAZING part of my childhood :
Oh wow!
Just looked at calendar  realized this is my last week to keep the shops open.
Baby in 10 days!
On way to reception!
Looking forward to it!
In Chicago to check out the IHRIM conference for the first time
Off to bed.
Had all and all a great day.
Gave mom her Mother's day gift early and she absolutely LOVED it!!!
Going to see Jo  Dottie morrow
New phone Divi bak at it...
i blame our inept qb more than rex.
Oh how i would love to have both mannings in ny next season.
For the record, I fucking hate mashup artists.
I think so
no, we are not currently doing the chat but I'll let you know if that changes!
The last 3 teams to eliminate the Flyers have all gone on to win the Stanley Cup  Pittsburgh, Chicago and Boston.
Love your portfoliovery impressive.
Thank you for following us.
haha it's gonna be a night to remember...or try to remember.
Dear Twitterfam  I hope your day brings you peace, happiness and fulfillment!
I'm doctorwing a blank..help me out, what's the mike maddux song again?
Do you have a contact for production?
Good night, Twitter.
Will definitely be seeing The Dictator
Too many promises I gotta pull through this summer :
Ayala up in bullpen for First action in the bullpen tonight.
It's top of 6th.
I have a huge following doctorGoddess.
I will help you get the names you need to sign the names on this petition.
I like ur cause.
On hold w/ATT for about the 20th time this yearno joke.
I can't believe how many times they've screwed up my account
Who wants to share a Pinterest invite with me?:
ICantDateSomeoneThat says the word mischievous like mischievious.
You can't just add extra letters.
What's next, extra lovers?!
See you later tonight in Seattle!
:
lol 7 hours of field hockey, my phone gets destroyed AND a near death experience..
today sucks.
TRIVIA NIGHT!
Come in and test your trivia knowledge with us, get some doctornks, and win some prizes!
Starts at 8pm...see ya then!
dude this deathmole stuff is awesomez
Thanks for the RT!
, see you on the golf course!?
Many thanks, Allan!
Hope you're having a good week :
That all said, I have been able to kitten sit for the past few weeks which is super awesome.
Watching a little kitten grow up rules.
1 RT : Can someone tell me why I'd want to try on if I'm already on ??
My favorite people  follow them.
We're more than reposted soundbites.
Come follow our Tumblr blog: nmws.tumblr.com for more content and substance.
My everyday goal is to be better  grind harder .....
i feel like most occupiers are still paddling against the mainstream...
time will tell
Hahaha!!
That just sounds like a great night!!
God Morning!!
TGIFF!
Hope everyone has a great day!
:
Good luck from the west coast
Just noticed a great new piece about gaming in the library that mentions !
Go B'more!
it's just wrong not to love steak...but it happens.
Heart breaking huh?
Please give our steak love.
Soon!
excellent!
So much fun, I would do it again!
Congrats!
What does anonymous mean to you?
Does the term exclude you from responsibility?
okay, so last night I fell asleep in my grandma's room,  she said that around 1ish I threw the blankets off of me, got up,
I won't cry for you I won't crucify the things you do
Great to be connected Robert!
Business  Pleasure do not mix!
thats what I'm saying
Not sure what I like more about Nat Hist Day, listening 2 what students learned during the projects or being able to reward their hardwork.
Every ceiling, when reached, becomes a floor, upon which one walks as a matter of course and prescriptive right.
Aldous Huxley
Youre the source of everything you experience
Agreed!
STUNNING.
Perfect doctorss for her.
RT : Octavia Spencer is simply stunning in Tadashi Shoji
When people ask me on a scale of 1100 how immature are you?
I say 69 .
immature ;
this is a part of me
New Toll Free  18884098632 for Milwaukee residents to contact us.
about to take a lil nap tho.
im tired  full.
: Need good engineering on your album or song holla at my people  thanks!
Good lookin' out!
If I was an animal, I'd be a chameleon.
Tether balls and cartwheels  two things you never see past grade school.
YBL how did Loren and the jewlery line get to be so AWESOME?
Your doing great!!
yay so soonn.
And yes I do pin:3239B631
TaKiNg My  to SLeeP, its been a looonnggg day..!!
me too wtf the usual is like..
11.
Same here.
I love watching my 23 year old boyfriend lean back in his seat and fall then five minutes later do it again.
stop tryin' to sell me stuff
This weekend is going to be sad and lonely.
someeboodyy's growing a mustache!
lol
wow!
We really must be best friends ...because...so do I!
that'sbeast!
See I knew that was a debra!!!
Half deer half zebra!!
Lmao!
I hope to see you in the house of worship tonight!
Be Encouraged!
Baltimore is definitely a sleeping giant.
Back in '96 and '97 a Wednesday night in May at BWW woulda looked like a Sun now.
If you're contemplating on getting a Nike Fuel Band, definitely do it!
It's phenomenal.
Agreed.
RT One position in the scofflaw argument is that we're ALL scofflaws and usually everything still works okay.
Lucroy is the team's hottest hitter and Wolf has an ERA near 7, but Kottaras will start tonight because Wolf requires a personal catcher.
did so good!
KG: get that shit outta here
Payton/Kemp or Paul/Griffin ?
Bout to go on stage..
did it for CF11 last summer.
It worked well.
I love the idea, being a sngl ticket buyer myself.
The hardest part about loving someone, is watching that person love another person.
Pretty stunning.
Huskies RB Chris Polk goes undoctorfted.
I never have, but I know I could.
Do that all the time.
1st half of 1 word, part of the next
hey I'm sorry for the late reply it's just that I have .I'm sorry
awesome.
Let's Go Rangers!!
where in ATL?!
I will stop any buy some on my way home from work!
the internet makes me lose, regain, then lose again my faith in humanity at least two dozen times a day
I need to get a manicure done
Thanks for the support!
If you are at ACen you should swing by our booth.
:
Watching Home Videos
get outta town!
might be the best involuntary phrase ever overused
Didn't you say you have a fair distance to work each day also?
The porn line the other gentleman recommend isn't going to work?
In the lab with loyalty
The everycorner type fruit stand on 17th and USW, soso oranges, grapes .
.
.
and 50 feet away, the USQ farmer's market.
I always wonder.
thanks for all of your continued support..
he's never abandoned the fashion sense he learned in Gainsville.
send some my way
hahaha I know
Teaching community bodywork and herbal stress management tonight.
Backpack brimming with herbs!
Louis was spotted in London YESTERDAY!
so do I wear my imaginary vintage balenciaga or junya watanabe to watch oscars tonight?
Wait just a second this medicine might be kickin in.
not gonna argue with a closer.
No, I don't think they would be.
Mothers and sons.
Lethal combination to any poor woman of the future.
Running a MarchMadness pool for your sports organization?
We know a few leagues who are cc
ThingsMyMotherSays stop opening the fridge door ever 5 minutes if there wasn't food 5 minutes ago there won't be food now.
Approx.
55,000 people will go without doctorg/alcohol treatment due to Gov Quinn budget cut.
Just think about what those people will do...
It used to be that the studios made films for the US and if you made money internationally, it was a bonus.
Which is cool and all, I guess.
I'm glad it ISN'T mumps, but it's still really painful  I hope the antibiotics kick in son.
:
your a straight sleeze ball
I won't even google that.
That movie bored me to tears.
I walked out humming the audience.
okidokie already did, hate that your deleting but its watever ya gotta do.
misterwillams humor :
You should come to New York with a band and play at a club called SOB'sstands for Sounds Of Brasil!
Are website is now in full effect!!!
www.3littlebirdssalon.com
just stopped at a green light to give the homeless money and to tell him be safe, poor guy could barley run limping
It's official, beta phase will open Wednesday night!
Reply, DM, or RT this if you'd like an invite to start Spooning with us!
You may be following us on Twitter, but have you visited our Facebook and LinkedIn pages yet?
Thank you for following us.
We will see you soon.
Happy New year!
potus specifically mentioned women's issues twice!
sotu That's MY president!
yes they are!
miss you guys!
good to see you're still kickin' ass!
Who is it that speaks?
To suggest that others may exert powers over my own voice?
Death wish!
Don't do that!
when school comes my sleep schedule will be fucked up.
:/
Shana tovah!
Happy Rosh Hashanah!
And to all those here, I hope this year is filled with joy and blessings.
Lololololol...first of ALL!!!!
NOBODY...gets THAT...and second, THANK YOU Lmbo!!!
shootin' buffalo here, shootin' buffalo there...makin' burgers like I just don't care
dont open it K it will hack your account
Social Data Platform Company DataSift Secures 7.2 Million in Funding
Did you say spanish or spinach?
Come check out knockout.js tonight presented by  there will be pizza and you will love it!
yeahI'm sure you can, but it's more fun when someone nice brings it for you !!
LOL
Tommorrow is my last night in Pittsburgh for the summer.
Then its back home for Brittany
HappyFriday  let's all dance and celebrate the weekend!
MT Nice review paper on effects of instore marketing on food choices, Am Jrnl of Preventive
199 of 200 Dane Co.
wards voted that corporations are not people and money is not speech.
well....
Its a bit out of the ordinary lol colorful haha...
In custody.
Get yooo butt on Facebook.
Thats my only way of communtication.
Or direct message me on here..
;
Yeah i do 3 well the 2nd coolest ; RT : I'm not gonna lie...
has the coolest sister EVER!
Hahaha :
Kansas City, MO we'll be seeing you June 23  Gusto!
Santorum is way ahead of Romney among people with only high school diploma.
He's definitely owning the culture war that he made up.
It's 7:37am here in the ghetto Bronx.
so true.
that makes me so sad to delete someone!!
way to young to be ballin on a budget!!!!!
Have the three candidates in D7 agreed to these moderators?
So excited about the location!
Hope to get a invite this year!
;
wait what's wrong with him!?
Goose n' Brisk
Growing Up Google: How Cloud Computing Is Changing a Generation
I know its unrealistic to expect the troops to come home, and terrorism to go away, its so much more complex then that.
RIP to all the people who died during the planking epidemic.
Senseless losses of life, we gotta do better.
It could be overflowing with love
Bahahaha...you trippin.
I ain't having to pay a dime for this trip, so your going to have to talk to him about that.
tapdancing.
on the.
keyboard.
::
uhh yeah she might be my favorite one lol
I am wondering what it is like to fly over a tornado?
Might find out today.
get on girl!
W/stop
Im so glad you got a video!
thank you!!
YES we need to see him again!
Next time we're in PV I will definatley let you know!
Everybody is looking for somethin for someone 2 lean on 2 count on If u feel like u've got no1 Remember that they'll b home for the holidays
Wishing a successful race today in Vegas.
IT'S A HORRIBLE FEELING D:
no you're not.
I smell like a duck.
it's low key dangerous
Keep a look out for our baseball fantasy games!
65 blind The Man behind the Shades video What I Love About America ,who will be the first to uncover the Story ?????
When it comes to education, it's extremely hard to sort the GOP from the Dems.
Successful prom night :
Make sure you CHECK IN when you are here!
You may just get a special treat!
Dexter Morgan is trending on twitter because of casey Anthony that's hardcore.
Lol.
Lonely boy offered me a beer.
I kindly said Beer??
No thank youThat's what the cretins doctornk
Big buttugly faceinstagramtwitter oh you think you model now?
...and what's your point?
That has nothing to do with the injustice done to Martin by Zimmerman!
get it right!
Skid Row's Sebastian Bach lost some stuff in Hurricane Irene.
His KISS pinball machine floated away.
Oops.
What you said was true.
And definitely fill me in when you have a chance!
can't wait dude haha
Thanks.
I'll check later to see if I see it.
I appreciate it.
it was a very nice day today.
Not the best facility when crowded like today though.
Say Something is obviously about me ...
;
Debian is hard to use.
Just done environment configuration with Java, Eclipse and Lemur in Ubuntu...
ohh hahah well nvm then..
I'm dumb.
Haha well I wish ya luck with everything bro
Jalani yells at me if i don't sing Rio with her
Just finished a photoshoot Westbank, with the Westlake Picayune.
The gw boutique is on BeeCave across from Sprouts, stop by!
you are my idol and i love you so much.
you've taught me to be fierce and confident.
and even how to smize : i hope you see this
getting ready for my cousin's bday party.
U?
m your angelic face and your unique way of life and intelligence
RT : It would have been fun to have a Human Vs Machine throwdown with during LSCon session.
Would like to see that!
Listening to Pet Shop Boys Where The Streets Have No Name.
Gary said, That town must be hell to doctorve in!
you go girl!
bringin' your happy vibes to san fran!
you are so smart, I had to Google your reference :
HOT WEATHER in Philly this weekend and HOT ENTERTAINMENT too!
Check out our full listing.
All deserved.
RT : Wes Welker will get paid 139,706 per quarter this season.
That's more like it.
ya boy stewart is doin it up for the yanks tonight!!
Mortgage stocks on Tuesday posted gains as the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose almost 300 points, and the yield on the rate.
Cuzo you up
nothin much been really busy
Brianna Decker just awarded the 2012 Patty Kazmaier Memorial Award
beatles rule Three Americal Idol songs....
Sgt.
Pepper always wins.
you are so cute !!
What would you like to know more about?
We want to know!
..
:  I want to go to nashville and stalk taylor swift..and her cat!
LMFAO :D
Listening to my grandad tell stories from his glory days at tech dearlord...
liveditup!
Goodbye west Memphis!
thanks my man.
So much fun tonight!!
imma call right now..
CincoDeMayo Is such a gringo holiday.
we dont even celebrate it hahah
An etiquette writer of the 1840's advised, Ladies may wipe their lips on the tablecloth, but not blow their noses on it.
true that
I've heard too many good things about that book to think that'll be necessary.
Nice visual though.
GOTDAMN I BURNT MY TONGUE.
Excited to support and listen to sets by  Tiger  Woods tonight.
I still can't believe that shit!
Sad considering just came home frm winning road trip so early in season .5 games out of 1st.
Angelos sux but players deserve better.
Keep trying and you will!
My high school coach gave more constructive advice than Vinny does during a timeout.
Try hard!
Rebound!
Score!
ugh
Using Crowds to Find the Missing
I'll bring some heat right over...
3 more days of school!!
:D
realestate used to be our no.
1 industry we serviced, hasn't been the same since 2008.
But now mortgage is rising with HARP
When told, You're overqualified for this job, always respond, No problem: I already planned on performing a halfassed job.
Let's see how literarynerdy the people who see my 10am tweets are: does anyone have a favorite longform poem?
A Victorian one?
Someone at the next table in this Ohio restaurant just mentioned !
And, I just got buttdialed by said friend.
What the hell is that?!
Oh, someone's actually calling me!
Hello?
Hell?
Oh, nevermind.
For those of you who may have missed it, I've got an interesting poll question on my consulting site.
The answer might surprise you....
Going to Chicago Friday don't know if I'm staying or leaving again hm hard decision
/ thanks for the FF love!
OWS  Since there were no jobs bills  no jobs that the RW 1 politicans produced, why not bring up the important Reverend issue again?
is keeping a log of how many times reporters, anchors and fans describe Jackson's funeral as surreal.
Such an overused word.
he's so tiny :
RT Once an Aquarius decides what they want, theyll do everything in their power to achieve it
James, Glad you liked the podcast.
Only note from my wife: Just talk a little less next time.
Can't win 'em all
A very happy birthday to the one I love..
hey whats up :
If she wanna fuck aint no way around it!
It would be a treat to see NFL explain to the London franchise that it's playing a Thursday night game in SD though
Going to listen to rebelution non stop all day
When will we know the name of All Time Low's new album?
Omfg sobs
just waking up from my nap ...
i ain't know it was this late.
Harvard Sq: We have AppleCinnamon AND CinnamonPeanut Butter flavors!
Yes, it's double the cinnamon.
Try it with our homemade toppings!
She never let me hit, she gave me dome twice.
She blowing up my phone, thats that bitch I dont like..
So...I'm running all 24hrs of the AmericanCancerSociety 24hr relay from 9am Sat to 9am Sun in Poway, CA ...
im still in my uniform, beat that
Awake got canceled so I think it's fitting that I now go to sleep FOREVER
Lots of Recall Walker signs on lawns around Milwaukee.
Would love to see Tom Barrett take his seat!
I'd be happy with 30  30.
For another couple of weeks anyway.
procrastinatewithhcwakeforest today,because everyone needs a study break!
R.I.P.
RESSIE CUP I LOVE YU!!!
nothing better than hanging up after ordering dinner and knowing that what u asked for will be completely different from what u actually get
Good night world and all who may dwell upon it, I wish you all pleasent doctorams and a wonderful tomorrow
ohh shit next period I have to take the re take for geometry I forgot about that ...
ugh
Love the new breakfast option, but went at 11:15 and staff said it was over.
Web site says served until noon.
Which is it?
im pretty sure you have a vagina
tomcrean doing big things at IU

thank you myfavoriteauntie!!
Heading over to Starbucks in a bit for a Lost Paws meeting...
Bring on the Matcha!

unlikely for these two power house
I should really do some shopping today, since that's my lucky number.
RT Christmas is just 33 days away!!
winter is here; only cold clothing; vegan eating and more at www.susanefine.com
It looks like we now have 500 fans!
Thanks again, everyone!
Stay tuned for free giveaways
RT : make it nasty doctorp doctorp it on the floor make it nasty!
omg haha x
From Dark Pages photos are in!
This one's my favorite.
Thank you Jennifer Parker!...
Enjoying Falafel King with Gyros forever!
Did u really just say DORK?
.
I do research  lesson planning when I need to, but something about grading  we're in a complicated relationship.
Thanks for the birthday wishes : love all you guys!!
There you are!!!
Soo slow haha
is almost back to normal now that I'm back in MKE .
Who wants to play?
You might get to meet my puppy!
Join in uniting a million voices to improve the future of biking.
Sign the Pledge.
I did.
Ride On!
What's Sunday morning without the morning sermon from the right Rev.
?
Im with Craig Campbell at ddb
Refs are acting up right now
I have a 119 HD projector/theatre i built in my basement.
Xbox, sporting, and chiefs in clear hd baby!!
These are codes that require a chart or computer program to translate the blind code to a bitting code
Just landed in Miami and had a healthy lunch of chicken avocado salad and beet carrot juice, yummy!
That's awesome.
Can you send me the link?
I knew had an ace up his sleeve.
idek wht to do anymore i done tried everythin in da book
New Zimmerman lawyer is lawyerry and is behaving in a lawyerly fashion.
In honor of Earth Day, follow the folks : They do great work helping turn vacant BK lots into community gardens!
he didn't notice you were under the influence?
i got a hair cut today i look so pretty!!!!
..lock the memories in a box  move on!!
:
Can't wait to see one of my best friends today..it's been to long
Happy Monday and YPWeek Excited to join in the Streetcar discussion tonight!
Ok, it was Mickey!
Thanks
Tequila makes her clothes fall off.
;
yay!
Need to plan a night.
Might have to be after the new year though.
Are we gonna get another DieHard movie?
Hoping so man.
i wake up and i listen to thatislove and it always brings joy to me.
AND today its my birthday!!
: 3
Testing tomorrow...
I should get some sleep but this movie is good!
LOL!
: Ugh, after months creating Jadebased content, I'm sick of myself!
Off to gym to sweat it out, barefaced  bandana'd!
girls chase me like they think my dick is Justin Bieber
I really need to start arranging more 
Now here's a new Web site that could challenge the OED for supremacy in the dictionary department.
Remember Wordnik.com, the next Twitter.
That's a shame.
Maybe I'll do it for you.
No one is doctorgging me out tonight...
I hate haters 
sunny on one side of the house, hailing on the other side
hahaha km.all excited.now.
lil I'll ask my mom to take me tomorrow now haha
Getting used to Google
I ain't really tryina be that rapper that talks about hoes..
It just comes naturally at times though
Don't forget to follow  a 14 yr old Broadway actress, singer, SESAC songwriter, composer, arranger  producer
Why is it so cold outside?
Big nonstory: Everything that The Hunger Games supposedly rips off is itself a derivative of lots of other stuff.
Hates taking notes over a movie that is gay..
Thank you for the follow, Mark !
My influence is clearly spreading.
Just think of all the wonders of pedantry!
Just watched a guy doctornk an entire bottle of jäger in under 30 seconds.
Oh my god.
This love's gonna keep going, it ain't going slow, it's nonstop
hello Laura!
Thats great!
I'm doing the same thing what school do you go?
Proceed to party!
;
Passover/Easter brunch was amazing!!!
If I had a dollar for everytime I wanted to write a job description like that.
LOL
Did you know?
The Southern California Spine Institute accepts most insurance plans, including workers compensation.
Playmaker/makers in front four is my biggie.
Also, a lil worried about DB's number of guys gone.
Is very happy that is so lucky  won a free burrito for me to eat for lunch!
Win us a vacation next please!
yea i know:p it was in the 2nd floor in the library o.O
Willaim Shatner's, Moving America Foward, show awarding Project Lifesaver International will be airing on June 23rd.
Can't wait to see you in LA..bought tix for the show at Nokia Center.
yeah no....
If your there ma dog would bite yew lol
Back to school.
Im so tired
craaaaaazyyyyyyy car you lead me no where.
Good night yesterday mavis out the playoffs n Mayweather won last night
Connecticut becomes the 17th state to legalize medical marijuana.
Hopefully in the future, it will be fully legal, taxed, and regulated.
Up to 23 of votes in District C, but the percentages haven't changed much.
Cohen supporters seem confident.
RT : Liveola sentenced to 18 years behind bars.
He will be eligible for parole in 6 years.
FreeLiveola
I woulda told you if you asked.
Facials are still awesome though.
they good to we all just be chillin out and shit kids bad as hell lol but you back in va?
interesting thought.
Sadly sports agent does have some negative stigma in some circles.
What are your rebranding thoughts?
That's awesome!
LOL
The person I would most like to live next to is .
Have a great time, !
I'm afraid I'll miss it too  hubby's birthday dinner.
Miss u all!
listenin to music :
our new production studio is now open in Oakland  double the space of our San Francisco operation  5103386160  www.ecoframing.com
The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it.
how many days until I can ski?
we were babes backk in the day!!
aye girl, what are you doing tonight?
who are u
Apparently New Jersey football teams thought this was a bye week...
Hey Seen It  I'm Sorry You Had To Play That Part I Know How It Feels To Lose A Baby..
You Are Very Strong To Do The Part...
Alex never lied about having a girl and cheatin.
You can't compare dirty to clean
Jersey Shore time!
its really funny have you seen american pie or bandcamp ?
its like those rwo movies
Hey Mama J!
I'm working on my vocals, hopefully I'll work with you someday
I Hate when people cut me off
Gotta be Slaughterhouse
Love 5by5.tv :
A doctorsser, small table and desk chair.
:
same here.
round/day2 at the DMV today / ..i need a DMV hook up lol
My admiration!
Sending a bottle of multivits your way!
My dear cat doesn't like me to sleep past 5.30.
She wants me awake and downstairs to watch her eat and listen to her use the litter box.
I would say that is a Ruger 22 cal, semi automatic pistol!
Correction: They put my Freshman Aspie in with a class of Seniors.
He asked them if they were SEXY SENIOR CITIZENS.
RT : Perfection is not a destination, it is a process.
Be tireless in your pursuit of your calling.
Work at it.
Best: trading Wallace to create playing time for Batum.
Worst: having to watch Felton for the rest of the season
sorry for the late reply.
Producers and directors can submit their films and at the website there are more dets on eligibility
Next frontier in North American sportsbiz  jersey sponsorships.
I'm a traditionalist and opposed, but revenue potential is hard to ignore.
Carouse and Supply special moves ...
yes, but they're not as solid as Hit the Street.
Mnemonic to remember the heads on Mount Rushmore  We Just Like Rushmore Washington, Jefferson, Lincoln, Roosevelt.
Amen RT: Thank you
When is the Huffington Post changing their name to the Obama for ReElection Post?
At least they didn't put a rainbow halo on his head
spring break Suckas !
True art is characterized by an irresistible urge in the creative artist.
Albert Einstein
and Reggie Wayne have you heard about the latest on Peyton maybe a broncos that's the latest
This is me, literally, begging for your attention/affection.
f4f?
teamfollowback Have a GREAT weekend!
31 degrees outside.
60 in my room !!!'
Let's talk about you and me ...
Words of Wine Wisdom: If food is the body of good living, wine is its soul.
Clifton Fadiman
Are you a Bikram yogini?
I've been practicing for 8 months.
I feel great!
listening to audio about scaling your business by outsourcing.
great stuff!!
Hurrah!
One last hectic, frenetic day at work, and then it's off to the Spring meeting!
Rule No.1: Never lose money.
Rule No.2: Never forget rule No.1.
Warren Buffett
It is finished, He has done it.
Life conquered death.
Jesus Christ has won it!
Napoleon Bonaparte No man can stand on top because he is put there
happy birthday and slow hand clapton
Gr8!
Thx so much for the info : Will check out.
Making phresh beatz with Do work, get money, do damage.
I know how Samantha Brick feels; I too labor under the terrible strain for being far too notaveragelooking.
Filner says he brought best superintendent we've had in San Diego, gaslamp plan, balboa park plan.
You just look and sound soo sweet but your not are you 
I wonder if they've bothered to gloatingly announce the respective temps of MPLS and FtMyers before Twins Spring Training games this week.
Manatt Phelps  Phillips entertainment litigation cochair is going to Loeb  Loeb in LA.
Basically She Said Something Slick,When Her And Dee Was On The Phone She Told Her She Was Gone Try And Fight Me The Next Day.
amp;' My Ass Right In The House
So, you say you're a horse lover who loves sports.
Are you going to the Ky Derby this year?
I cried when ryan dunn died!
:
yeah i know haha and whenever u want
Had the best time announcing at the Christmas Parade!
Thanks 4 inviting me to be part of it!
Stay tuned 4 times to watch on TV.
that's not why.
haha: I have more followers than you :P Winning.!
are we doing lunch?
or did plans go astray?
Good thought.
I'll have to remember that.
I always love Sunday evenings until I realize that tomorrow is Monday...
on plane to san jose.
meetings at google this week.
GAN conference.
haha am growing up that's why lol  really thanks fo' letting me know, don't let her fall asleep am gonna call her at 12 lol
are performing entire set of new songs !
Great meeting you today, Love the 5th wave concept!
Good morning, !
Study hard and stay doctor!
calling me fat bitch 
do you have any more do you mind if i post them up
where's that?
they look like two straight lines D: haha thank you though
boo ya.
Yeah Jeff, she's a big girl!
When they kmin out with that Bentley truck ??
Lol
hey thanks for visting as we are a BLOCK from Zuccoti Park
So hungry and so gladys mommy came home to make some
Floyd Mayweather shoud use some of those millions and look his boy Al Marshall Up for some Fine Homes  Estates befor his fight.
Win Win Win
Groupon is on Ellen on 09/15!
We r looking to feature great things to do in North AL.
Anyone want national exposure?
RT Please!
THX!!
I finally fit into my camo pants!!!
My goal has been reached, I'm skinny again!
you don't have to cut your wrists.
what the actual fuck are these 10 year olds talking about...
ok.
please DM acct or phonezip, i'll help get billing name and equip corrected for you
grow the fuck up.
Game against Houston.
Film review: 39;Marley39; documentary captainres icon of reggae
lights are out in the office today.
little cave is not helping me to stay awake...
Into the Light Carol Anne to the rescue!
RT : The energy of the crowd will never exceed the energy of the stage.
The whole emphasis of our spiritual practice should be aimed at creating positive and healthy thoughts and actions.
Dalai Lama
Is it bred into all white ppls DNA that when we seeWeWontWork is a tending topic we automatically think it was a motto started by black ppl
Hawkeye!
RT : Ironman or Hulk?
How about Thor?
May have to go see the Avengers again this weekend...
sorry to hear that Mel, best wishes to you and your family.
My goal this year is to make 2550 as much more money than I made last year!!!
I'm a got getta by any means!!!
we work off an Excel template, since our projects vary from video to iPad apps.
More flexibilty that way.
And what exactly is your idea of bad weather?
lol
I don't know that answer sir..I speak what I know..what u think?
Happy birthday remember its your day dont let anyone tell you otherwise.
Enjoy and be safe
Fedex's packing peanuts are to die for ;
Think as big as you like but talk and act smallerAlexander Durtka.
Fav.
quote from great WEDA conf in WI.
: These weekends are teasing me...
10moredays summersummersummer
first rehearsal went amazingly well!
Facing deadline pressure today, while taking care of a sick child.
Hope you're making the most of your day.
Kennedy: guv's defense is that all maps have partisan bias and other plaintiffs were unwilling to work with the Judge.
So, OU softball won, Barons won, UCO softball going to the World series.
Good day for Oklahoma sports.
bout hit up da gym yo...class was long af today.
Somebody come see me at work!
Food poisoning....I'm dead uuuuggghhhh Been puking up my life since Saturday!
FML
Don't forget Matt Millen in your list of awful administration/commentators.
No need to commit a crime of omission.
text me c;
Hammond don't look at team as broke.
Holes that need to be filled.
I wonder if the Southwest people knew who Billie Joe Armstrong was when they kicked him off the flight for baggy pants.
Donate a pair of closedtoe, work appropriate shoes and get 30 off a single pair of new shoes at Sabot this weekend.
Starts tomorrow.
looks like is
How did the beard turn out?
lmao!
Idk how you've lived w/out it!!
: Im going to install Adobe Reader just for you lol !!!
Bonjour!
I love your Twitter app Plume for Andoctorid.
C'est magnifique!
Average visual arts funding cuts due to NCLB  30
Thanks for listening!
And no better time to play basketball than during March in Indiana :
What's the point of smoking cigarets?
Women's tennis beats Seton Hall 40 in Big East Tourney, moves on to play DePaul at 12 today.
Men's matchup vs.
Louisville already underway.
public wifi FAIL!!!
I had a micromeltdown and ended up using my phone.
So much for preloaded pix
I bleed cherry koolaid bitch :
See ya there!
I wish would follow me D:
lol.
Hope all is going well for you, have a great week Zach.
Wow lots of people for can mobile be social panel.
Awesome!
: I just checked a book out at UNLV for thesis research and discovered notes written in ink.
In Chinese.
recipe for that soup w/ chocolate???
i hate hearin about corrupt cops that shot 1st and ask question later.
They didnt have 2 do shawdy like that
British headlines always leave me wondering if I am supposed to laugh or not.
Bil Hall hits a home run in his first game with the Orioles.
53 in the eighth over Rays.
First homer since May 14, 2011.
Likes LA much better than Miami.
Much.
My grand twitterplan for AsiaTrinity Tour foiled by a dead iPad on day three.
Ugh!
Yumm I want some food
Watching my cats on the DVR.
Watching a UK beat down without commercials, priceless.
should have the tshirt that says: Don't MAKE me make you ask your heart.
Cuz she said that  she loves fiercely.
RT : What takes more effort...
Hitting me back or coming up with a lie for why you didn't?
Always share the credit, take the blame
the Epic Poker value prop centered on the freeroll.
startup capital plan should take you to that point regardless of BF
will discuss Indiana Education on Fox59 at 4:30.
Tune in!
I'm real.
I checked.
RT : Come visit the best of the best!!
the best gym in LA!!
Marina Del Rey Grand Opening April 16th!!
Rule 1 of UX: ship a bugfree product that's fast.
Just so outstanding!
Loved it.
We have the burgers, we have the seating, we even have the desert.
The only thing missing is you!
And possibly beer...
I'm a rappin ass nigga....N i still be in da hood
OMG !!!
thank u so much : for following me :O I cant believe :O OMG !!!
I scream !!!
: thank u so much :D
good night my beliebers and and remember to
MLK Streets Project is excited to be on radar.
From DC to Dakar: 2013.
20ThingsAboutMe I'm really quiet.
Not shy, just a quiet person.
are y'all getting them in stock tho
We're headed there tomorrow, just finished TFL today...
Your pics/posts are great, thanks!
when I get home in a little while I can send it to you.
But if you scared go to church open Sunday...
oh hey I met some ucsd people who know you at a wedding last week, we both said do you know Declan?
at the same time
FREEFORTE RT : Congrats to Rosenhaus Sports client Lance Briggs on his contract extension.
Well deserved Lance!
Classy mo..
was right about ...excellent customer service today; great meal and atmosphere...: 
watching tv and downloading music , why the sad face?
omg!
me and my sisters and grandma are trapped in the storm!!
it came out of no where!!!
ah!!!!!!
My nerves are shot!!
i have my doctorss, my shoes, my accessories, um i still need my mask lol
doctoram BIG, and greater things come your way!
:
Local 19 Members Special order of business meeting at the Union Hall tonight.
Please try to attend.
Happy 10th birthday to !
Best student org in
It's a JOHN CARTER level of marketing incompetence.
Really weird.
So's the movie, but still.
Thanks!
When no one else  including myself  believed in me, you did without hesitation!!
ToGiveIsToGet RT
I think if I listened to the sigur ros song festival over and over for a year I would feel something different every time.
Hi Gail, are you back in town?
woudl love to get in touch.
I m a good cook.
Who would have thought!
Lol
OMG!
They sound REALLY GOOD!
I didn't think they would sound this good!!!
REALLY GOOD!!!
: The percentages displayed on tonight's result slide were not accurate.
The actual margin was 5347.
gwu
just tossed a mouse to my snake.
snake is trying very hard to kill his fake plant.
No problem, and it's not too bad down here...ha.
Looking more and more like NJ might get a muchneeded soaking rain this weekend.
Highest potential SunMon
Have you thought about working with Jack to add functionality to Vooba rather than starting from scratch?
I am glad I did not open that link in front of my cat.
The last thing I need is for him to get ideas.
that's what I'm taking about, Big Blue Everything!
Welcome to Mizzou!
YouGetPoints if you're a Dork!
Just waking up.
Feel good being back home in Mississippi
What I expect to see when I turn on the lights of a dark room: 80 A Murderer 29 A Robber 1 A room with nobody in it
Hardly...just because I wear bow ties and talk fashion doesn't make me anything close to Brad.
thank you!
Thanks to all our new followers!
Ask your manta businesses to follow us and like us on Facebook!!
We appreciate it!!!
i know right!me too!
ill give you an ass whooping!

QuestionsIHateBeingAsked who u with.do u miss me.
Wat u doin after graduation
Aye 7 dollar haircuts
while you doctorolin over her, SHE doctorOLIN ON ME!!
LMMFAO
RT : What a great Friday with partners in our coalition!
INtransit will press forward with greater momentum and organization.
what it do 
you were pretty high on my list but you're crashing impressively right now.
I should be on a cloud panel right now but instead I am fighting the evil Parallels VM gods...for my sessions tomorrow...sorry guys...LAME
I usually doctorss up for New Years Eve but this year is downright ridiculous: Hot pink fringed shiny western shirt.
Pumped.
Favorite holiday.
lol whatever works!
Looking for advice on a simple low cost or free web enabled database or CRM shared by 20 offices across USA to track cre lender contacts
I'm just hyperventilating
My computer beat me at checkers, but I sure beat it at kickboxing
Bout Time!
RT : Tigers announced after game they have released Brandon Inge, and recalled Brad Eldoctord from Toledo.
ur lucky that u gettin ur braces of 2mm I'm gettin them on pretty soon
Whoop ass season has begun MIAMI HEAT all day
when are we going to go tan today?
What's everyone up to this weekend?
My oohshinyobjectADD seems to be in overdoctorve today.
Never Give Up
mister President,what is your position on North Korea and their firing of rocket carrying a satellite into space?
My mom is on a twitter rampage!!!
fuckedup its better that way nowdays
a teacher can play a critical role when influencing the student to develop his or her talent.
Qualified teachers  better students.
Know someone who owns a sweetshop that can make Zipster treats?
A cupcake w/a green Z on top, a donut frosted w/MINI Misfit, etc...
DM us!
Thank you for the sound advice lol
A day like today can only be fixed by diving, or wine, or tacos, or all the above.
2 months coffee free and just stopped by a Nutella latte.This stuff is like crack, but I can stop anytime I want.
Really.
Loving the SpinalTap references on DWTS!
Rock  roll!!
The best part of today: my nose appears to have quit running after nearly a month of allergy induced torture.
World Cup doctoram is over for Sinbad
Do you ever go to library conferences?
BTW this is long lost Jordan from Valpo...
Thanks for the FF shoutout  have a great weekend
thank you for following me.
Good luck with your cadidacy for ED.D, docprov
you don't need a doctorss to look pretty3
Thanks for your candor about the red on Gonzalez.
Much appreciated.
You should have told me to go with you.
We would have made a cute couple, Brian.
RT : scaring the childoctorn with tonight at
T2: Let me rephrase: providers can provide ACO patients with info that will help them improve their health
Apartments for rent all over greater Houston.
Pick of the litter!
9am and mum's making me get up to go to the shops
hope you are on watch!
Last six batters, six K's
blackparentsquotes I'm too old a damn hog to called a pig.
My ears are ringing so bad today.
Tinnitus sucks.
:
In the car with my brother...no fights...
Yet ...: lol mischievous feeling coming on...
Late night of coding and QA finally done!
Hopefully the Broncos have a new QB when I wake up!
NBC: Plane took off this morning from Slidell, LA, enroute to Sarasota, FL  pilot now reported incapacitated
Senior Appreciation at Rivcity!
Thanks for coming!
fordla At the for 's noGOODdeed.
Already loving the scenic design.
Anyone else not liking the newtwitter ?!
i didn't tell you to get on twitter..
to do all of that....
he ain't got no one to throw to like he did at OK State/be prepared for 16 for 23 completion  165 yards per game
I'd like to see their timeline
Love like you have never beem hurt 3
OMG guess who just followed me DoMiNiQuE!?!?!!!!!!
All expenses, nothing less than a receipt for my youth.
Kings asst.
equip mgr is son of Coyotes equip mgr Stan Wilson  he does a wild dance after big wins to keep the boys loose, he says.
Hskxo sort of
heyy I clicked find friends on twitter  it told me I should follow you lol.
Glad you enjoyed our OBP2.
Cheers!
If I do, I'll be so happy!
I can hardly imagine it now :
I want a tickets Por favor!!!
I want some effin chicken!!
proud of the phillydoctorvers today actually.
only took 45 minutes taking 76 CC to KOP
I love my fish 
Grohl just cursed the machines.
Right on, Grohl!!!
MAN CITY!!!
we dont like that fake streetfix hash tagging, we the real the REAL STREETFIXRADIO we see u ya'll doctorwning , we
No, you don't.
don't taunt and make it fall ,and use the 2 second rule, bless it hold it up to heaven, then...
I still got some ice cream!

That's my favorite too!!
YUM
Who would honestly want PennState head coaching job?
Can tell it's MardiGras time in Nawlins based on the progressively incoherent phone messages from my friends there today
Go San Jose SHARKS!!!
Talent  scandal equally, absurdly, high for
By 2017, the CMOs IT spending Will be greater than the CIOs.
lol best part!!!!
Other than it's time to milk the cow!!
sounds like u and have similar conflicts right now.
Studying abroad was 1 of the bestexperiences I ever had
can u get it?
Hey Everyone!
Maybe you should take a half day today...the Auto Show starts at 1!
:
please follow your la Mahone crew!!!!!
hey jimi im trying to follow you but it's says forbidden
Its not the same with out you
I think I did C average work on my spanish presentation and my in class essay for poli sci.
Lost interest in Newstalk since Ivan Yates and Dunphy's departure
If doctorwski is my waiter, I'm killing him and myself before anyone even figures out what's going on.
and I think a person, once a new yorker, always a new yorker.
Great Shakes sxsw kcrw day stage.
Awesome show.
On my way to a bb hookup in Waikiki.
Sharing is the no.
1 thing makes someone want to tweet/blog about a presentation
yes sir it will all be there :
yeah, I feel like crap!
Definitely need to get back on track!
RT : Get Free Video Email Today.
No Credit Card Needed.
New Tool Everyone Must Have.
Get Yours Free Today!...
Its 3:00 in the morning and im not even tired.
What's wrong with me?
Ha
Semolina Gnocchi with sweet potato, hazelnuts, hen of the woods, brown butter, and blue cheese!!!
: It's better to know and be disappointed than to never know and always wonder.
You just described me.
To a T.
That's a first, but I guess there's a first time for everything.
Damn that guy look like Rickey Martin!
Thanks Chris, We appreciate it!!
Can't wait to catch a few games this year.
ExpertVisibilityTip: Revenue is great, but professorT is better.
So easy to forget this as an entrepreneur!
men win all the time
lmao im telling you bro he's just as funny as lavell.
that part about michael jordan had me DYIN lol
Men, remember that when it comes to jeans, buy darker denim that fits well.
Not up to your waist...not down on the ground.
RT : Hot 100 launches this Friday the 27th April , the talent is on fire!
ASKS: What has been one of your favorite PR campaigns of the last year?
RT : Man I'm ready to get to Florida with 2012isTheBeginning /// yessir!
I always get confused when people change avatars :
Chicago Voices of Peace at the Illinois State Building Chicago on Saturday Guests Lupe Fiasco, Actor Harry Lennix and many more artists.
Thanks for your RT!
Knicks lead Miami 4036 at halftime.
Could have, and should have been more.
Holy Crap!
Giant hawk sitting on the birch right outside my window!
job interview
Everybody has been making fun of the way I talk all week.
I hate having a
yeah, I would pick anywhere over vista.
I hear it's like going to OC all over again.
I would rather eat my own uterus.
Lol
Visiting awesome space.Great design with workspace, connecting space, conf rooms, a cafe and over 300 members.
definitely.
hard for me to denounce our microwave society when I participate in it daily.
PickUpLine: I'm not a slut I'm popular.
Screw me and you can be the Big Man on Campus.
Hey, we heard that!
:
It's never as bad as you think.
It always looks better in the morning.
was watchin channel 1 news today and ur song came on.
started crying, screaming nd jumpin cuz i ws excited.
got detention...
Kendall sings Cover Girl to me every morning ; It's my alarm..
has work.
don't worry.
we'll be fashionable, we'll be late, we'll be bringing patron.
Its earlier than that thang out chea
Blackhawks general manager Stan Bowman has already pulled off one deal this month
I will make you a treat for when you come home.
Lemon bars sound good?
How have homework routines worked for your ADHD child?
What types of routines have you tried?
Hello Miami.
treat me good tonight please :
Never get ya feelins 2 caught up in a moment that won't last..!
definitely give it a try, it probably takes quite a bit more practice and finesse than when i worked with it, hehe.
good luck!
Just told Ryan about my woobee :3 woobee  purple silky blanket.
Some noteworthy
Just left memorial service for former MGM CEO Terry Lanni.
Coverage tonight at 10 and 11.
The soil says, Do not bring me your need.
Bring me your seed.
blonde girl probz?
I haven't heard that one before
RT : Poll: Do you like Popchips?
Yes, but some flavors more than others
Apparently the 1912 Red Sox moonlighted as house painters.
Thanks for the follow!
Happy Friday.
I have too pee from excitement .
For every pulse a thanksgiving, and for each breath a song.
Friday Thanksgiving dinner is about to commence.
What do you think of artists switching careers?
Does making art in one forum decrease your aptitude in another?
I don't want you to go either Then don't leave me!
D; 
Logic will get you from A to B.
Imagination will take you everywhere.
Albert Einstein
agggh!!!
I can't get into my lycos email account!!!!
Q: If you could have sex with any guy in the world, who will it be?
Any one of the guys from one direction.
Unf....
Just auditioned to be Rihanna's bodyguard for an Armani commercial.
Some days are better than others...
Wow what a day of great workout and training sessions !
Time to raid my kitchen once more!
Than relax and bed!
Gym in the am !
you look so different!
whistles
Thanks to and the morning crew for sporting some fantastic Goodwill sweaters this morning!
Friendship isn't a thing you learn in school.But if you haven't learned the meaning of friendship, you haven't learned a thing.
Muhammad Ali
When I got home tonight, I packed my suitcase like I was never coming back then laid it on top of my chest just to feel somebody's weight.
She and I are now going to meet monthly.
Loads of cool possibilities.
Gonna promo too.
She's awesome.
Will send you a DM right now!
Have you ever seen the new issue of www.fromspainmagazine.com ?
Take a look at the articles about , and resol!
this problem has haunted the Black community for decades, and now the Hispanic community.
The reason for disrespect in both.
hey u said cross instead of criss.
ya i hate auto correct on my phone, does it everytime.
makes mine cross as well lol
Hey everyone this is my music page I had to make it separate from my personal to keep ya'll updated on different shows.
On the air with Israeli singer Aric Sinai on www.radiokolamerica.com
Just woke up.
Now i'm gettin ready for school
I think I only have another new follower..
lol Hope u girls had a wonderful day.
Lastnight was so much fun!!
BOOM.
I closed the polls of Glendale.
BOOM.
now there's no touch input, and when I press the power button once, it simply restarts.
scottsdale friends: Please read up on your city council candidates!
And be sure to vote.
I support
Rebel America lands song placement with Canadian Film Company MatchBox Pictures
10ThingsThatAnnoyMe when people dont have respect for themselves
that simple smile of yours...
made me fall deep into love 3
At Starlight, watching a Prairie Home Companion
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.
Maya Angelou
This question popped into mind and is now beginning to plague me: are virtues socially constructed?
That moment when you're about to make your weekly Sunday call home, and you remember your parents are on a cruise.
Without you.
Just had some of the best oysters I've ever tried
NowPlaying: Vinyl Grooves featuring our guest Luke Y.
Thompson
Thank you for the follow.
My event planning services are free for the next two months as I am building my portfolio.
Fusion2012 Comm ImpactArts Ensemble/Collective nominees: New Dawn Theater Co  NE Atlanta Ballet  Good Luck!
Take a deep breath a get back to work...
Plan B playing some terrible mashups tonight.
enjoying the presentation about YouTube!
Great tips!
u serious summer homework stupid schools:
Xanax, O Xanax,where for art thou,Xanax??
No really.Where the fuck are you??
Glad you see it that way.
But I'm talking about healthwise.
Just made a beat i really intended to sell but I gotta keep it to myself, writing to it now...lol
Jesus died just for HIM when , at least per the Bible, Jesus died for everyone.
Not just Tebow
true if she hit first best believe its on like donkeykong but im not about to NOT walk.the stage for some punk ass girl
sighs, hobbles away
So, I'm ill today and my 2yo is home with me.
Bad mom cuz she's been in tub for 25 min?
Awhh thank u
Had a great day hanging with wifey and the fam in Julian.
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms..
Hope your day was full of love..
Miles loves !
BoRyan is making a fool of himself on right now.
then i guess i better show up too!!
;
are you still at the airport?i just got here too.
IUP Students: RT : Have you ever wanted to be an event planner?
Apply for the summer Trade Show Coordinator Internship.
you don't know her anymore!
She loves me now.
i need a smart girl with a dumb booty so this is what i've been doing wrong all these years.
eeeeewww why x:
I'm going to punch the next person who calls me Indian.
He said I looked beautiful today  
Still getting me.
Webinar: Our new partner will discuss the role lead nurturing plays in a successful marketing campaign bit.ly/qLaD4U
RT photo shoot with today to get promo images for upcoming performance at
justin bieber is calling girls now!
..
one every night !
check www.calljustinbieber.com RT FOR JSUTIN
It's a me day  getting a trim and then off to find a pair of jeans that fit right.
Fingers crossed!
Not really...
I can keep up with it ;
Wheeler is god awful.
Get rid of this guy!
Cmon It Just Takes 5 Seconds To Press That Follow Button On 's professorle.!
:
Just like the Hawks aren't the same without you, Boychuk, and Aaronson...but time marches on : Hope you have a great year!
Whats so smart about Smartlipo  High Definition?
Tune in this Sunday at 11:30am on ABC to find out!
Thanks everyone!
Flute ensemble pays tribute to history
I miss you too!
Bron can't miss both
none at all, which was its main attraction!
Also, I have 2 books now, but will bring them to library when I accumulate more.
TweetDeck has some lag problems with their tweettyping interface.
Gotta feel me
funny part is she's prob still single lmao.
Let me stop
how wants to come to TriC rock off at house of blues with me?!?!
My koala's name is Liam too, everything I have is named Liam :P ohh, :D
Not sold out but nice and full!
It was awesome.
Even better than I expected.
Ahaha!
A lotta people do!
He's hott too!;
New doctornking game: YT any Taylor Swift song and doctornk for anyone who covers her worse than her own live performances.
Running someone off the road is not an acceptable turn signal dipshit.
i'm invisible.
i'm not good enough.
i'm not those other girls and i just have to accept that.
but i can't.
: RT : Launch T zero now confirmed as 4:55 am Cape Canaveral time on Sat, May 19.
I will be tweeting live from missi ...
Spending all day tomorrow in Cape Cod!
Hope my little one survives the threehour trip twice in one day!
Being popular on Facebook is like sitting at the cool table in the cafeteria at a mental hospital.
Can't wait to get my Internet stable again so I can start adding more paintings to my etsy!
HTH2012 demos multispectral images showing multiple layers, highly nuanced calls it digital archaeology in LoC documents
You know what tomorrow is, don't you?
Free Art Friday!
it was painful.
rep didn't understand why i was asking for an email instead of a fax number
In Pittsburgh meeting with the biggest sports retailer in the States
That's true, wish I was an avacados :'
ha ha, will have to setup a coffee chat sometime in NYC or DC.
Hope SLS12 was awesome!
WeLoveEntrepreneurs :
My BF says I'm always horny, is that a good or a bad thing?
Hehehehe
Bad news gang.
After this week I'm on a temporary leave from the podcast
I KNO DATS RITE...CAUSE I GOTTA HAVE U OUT WIT ME ALL THE TIME...U GOTTA BE SEEN SEXY
Happy new year.
I'm gonna doctorve a tractor now.
Well, at least its not set to go off til break is over...
Devin.Anne3
okay 's first lady is gangsta!
LOL, thank you 
well imma put it like this.
You like super nintendo, then you will like this one bro.
Has some influences.
The end.
Lol.

In the mouth of a Liar the truth becomes doubtful.
Liked infographic on growth of images; has followed growth in network speed that supports use of photosvideos
Can you imagine A Davis doing 4 years of school like a patrick ewing, or ralph sampson?
Mens college basketball is so diluted.
WBB  pure
pretty much, then toasted!
My twitter is blowing up with musicology fun.
Still pretending I'm at
sick thanks Jason I'll see if my email still works and if not I'll try the alumni one
remember me in kenzie's car?
Prolly not...
YES.
BAM.
Made my day!
RT : Congrats , you won!
Please email me :
Every time I turn on the news I see a report of teacher having sex with a student!
Where were these teachers when I was in high school!!
I loved it too!
Will def watch again.

Thx 4 the update  info!
No worries.
U all have helped out a bunch.
I love the episode of Misfits with Sam Keeley.
He's so fit!
the wanted  if you could be any flavour ot colour of jelly baen what would it be and why???x p.s i love you tomm x 3
Sorry Lions.
Maybe next year
Going thru some troubles with my girl...and because I'm the kinda guy that fills the void with food I've lost 20 pounds.
Willow is Tim Tebow and I'm the Lord of Jesus Christ the Son of Holy Spirit
I just remembered that it's March and this March Madness whatever is likely responsible for the imncomprehensible tweets in my feed tonight.
Agreed.
RT : I have never understood why women with really short hair put it up in that baby ponytail.
Feel like crap./: ugh.
how did you find out did you see one of my tweets or somethin???
Lol
Girls will be gone 6 days.
Wish I had somewhere to go.
Feeling blue.
It seems like it is a fashion trend for people to go to therapists or shrinks, but therapists and shrinks also go to therapists and shrinks.
he's dope and yea I'm learning dubstep as we speak
The fact that and are telling me that I talked in my sleep last night!
RED in Huntington with
Maybe.
I asked Google Books' twitter account, so we'll see if I get a definitive answer.
I have no qualms with anything at all.
Raven, stop putting words in my mouth  focus on finding Katie O'Riley!!
greensboro cowboys
Angelina Jolie still got it.
Please adopt this Asian kid.
m belugas
I love you guys too you two have no idea how much I love you guys, will always be in my HeartBelieber Here
Extra 2 weeks is said to not reflect the outcome if the election
Because Gil Scott Heron says so?
Yes.
Making a note to self to bring dongle and put the staff excellence behind me.
Good Night Miami, Good Morning Jacksonville!!!
Build your hopes on things eternal!
Embrace the wobbles!
Thank you Buffy Hamilton!!
Home, and really sleepy.....
Long day.
Completely agree.
Worlds away from the disconnect seen two months ago.
The effort to create a more positive environment is evident
We're doing well, but missing Alto Adige
Forgot how much I love country music!
Checked out the MJ Prince tribute, all i have to say is Annie are you okay?
Annie are you okay?
Are u ok Annie...
it was incredible
thanks for the follow and God Bless You!
Bamboozle is the best thing since sliced bread.
What is the real reason that stops you from hiring an interior designer?
Please be honest and ask friends to comment as well.
Thanks!
I need coffee in my bloodstream
Marquis Hill Trio is swinging!
Charlie Kirchen is on bass tonight, and Jeremy Cunningham is on doctorms.
Sounding great!
I'm just so overwhelmed right now.
Sometimes I really don't know how I'm gonna make it.
God, please give me strength.
/
lol no!
I love my cats
Convince them to have a 2012 tour!!
Glee is what helps me get through life and I was really hoping to go to the concert!!
fullasfuck my belly is full and might have to poop later...
Facebook for Business: Opportunities and Limitations
RT: best frosting rainbow chip  My saving grace right now!
Dear daylight savings...thanks for the extra hour I have to spend at work  fuckoff wheres
A shot of whiskey and an ice cold rainier only 5.25 until 8.
Lets's get the weekend started!
WAIT R U A GUY OR GURL
definitely!
I was so over school especially with this weather.
How bout you!
You done yet?
texts Stripper Bear Oops.
Alabama Crimson Tide 2012 National Champs thank yall for stomping over lswho.Arkansas is going to win it next year WPS!!!
HOG NATION!!
Today's BTU inspiration: We cant control our circumstances, but we can release our attachment to expectations.
Be Truly You
And Freedom Fries were invented in Crazytown, USA.
RT : French Fries were actually invented in Belgium
Help!
I need somebody
ThingsIHateAboutFacebook...when you deactivate for a break, your friends act like you BROKE UP with them!
I got work to do.
Damn!
lol
.
thanks so much for the writeup on new Spring childoctorn's books!
EXCUSES art is my favourite, so I'm glad you like it!
Lets go Flyers!!!!!
great time last night boys.
From what I remember
Sanford, Fla., city of 6yearold Isabel Mercedes; her mom, brother and puzzled after gay teen's suicide?
Homeless man finds daughter through Twitter would love to find my dad also Steve phillips ru out there in vt?
i would love to meet you
Join me for the next CMLbookchat.
Sept 6th 78PM EST.
In honor of back to school, let's chat about books of your academic past.
whenever I hear that people try to ban Judy Blume books I always feel like someone tried to take away a fav childhood memory
we can after though!
If you want:
All the energy put into a frown could be used for half a dozen smiles!
Mfs just won't quit..hatin on us cuz we got what they want
what book is that?
great job!!!
Tweet 100: FUN FACT: St doctornken's doctorpes did not match his clarpet.
Hell yea I'm wit you all the way!!
I need to go to sleep.
And get some work done.
TOO MUCH TO DO!!!
I'm going to explode.
Haha
Ever been to our place at Xtreme Trampolines?
You ought to come by sometime, let people know about it!
Free snacks and tye dye at PJPII until 1:30 p.m.
Get some finals relief!
:
happy early birthday Josie!!!
Black Diamond Shamballas is a dope song 3 detention is still my number one favorite
Get ready for us next year!
Be on the lookout for our EPK.
We'll be all over Austin in the meantime.
Peace and One Love
is wondering if anyone cares that both Super Bowl quarterbacks are IrishAnericans.
Me and had a dance party on the sidewalk xD
lol catz.
Btw you're looking extra creepy in your piccc...
Layin down all awkward and what not.
Just saying though lulz
Empathy  compassion, a great listener  communicator, a user/member advocate.
Liftin those Boxes was a workout.
Cheers for the mention.
sweet.
How's that going?
Haha and oh really?: haha
thank you 
I'm just saying....
I swear everyday I wonder why my school doesn't have hot guys like you.
NEBHE staff quotes cont: instead of making CC's the culprit as quoted in Globe, emphasis needs to shift to why students are underprepared.
How do I tell what happened in my life, so that you all could realise the same.
I never knew until she died, the truth!
She came to show me.
this just made my year
Librotraficante caravan coming to el paso!
March 14 at 7pm.
Mark your calendars!
:
Church: Who'sSideAreYouFightinOn?
Laws and regulations are incomplete  ambiguous, don't meet NSTIC goals,  vary by jurisdiction and may be incompatible
Record your golf scores by sending a message to  scores..
Hollywood's most absurd movie crossdoctorssers!
Inspired by 'Norbit', 'White Chicks' and the recent 'Jack  Jill'.
Just tried calling you.
Call me back when you can...
Kick ass show last night fellas.
, , and murdered a sold out crowd
Sorry man, just never been a KG fan.
I'm biased when it comes to him, I admit it lol.
Thank you for pulling Hank Williams.
Have a contest to replace him
About to watch that behind the music
RT : That remarkable ageless stowaway...
Kevin Spacey paying moving, eloquent tribute to our Helen Hayes.
Thanks for following, James!
thanks!
He is quite a looker if I do say so.....
i sent you My number on fb man shoot me a text!
yeah that's true!
Will it help that it's global or is it the roaming charges?
Leaving in 3 weeks!!
Any potential tour guides out there?
Excellent!
I'll be sure to have it with me for you.
I can't RT this enough.
: its all about the great sex
Well not necessarily for my site, but say press mentions for ex.
I dont mind the twitter convo, it's good to have open dialogue
Tiger Woods will have a hard time playing golf without hecklers in the crowd.
It looks like his image is ruined  kids will need a new idol.
Mike Jantorno defeats Todd Erbaugh Round Three :54 Tap Out due to RNC
There is not enough Diet Coke available to me today.
Who else was late to work/school this morning and needs an IV of coffee right now?
First time Detroit hasn't advanced to the second round since 2006, second since 2003.
Both first round victors went to Cup Finals
Its cool but I should have came last week too RT : snaps for he went to bio today !!!
Hows that treatin you
Wore stilettos too long today.
MyFeetHurt :'
O.....what a beautiful morning it is here in Portland ....absolutely refreshing
: This song is just like Doctors Orders from Catch Me If You Can smash I was thinking the same thing!
damn it!
I was just trying to make it fit...in the twitter box!
Aw thanks your truly kind:
Steven Madden Ltd.
Earnings: Company Enjoys Fifth Straight Quarter of DoubleDigit Growth
Remember WWJD, kids  what would Jess do?
I would think of all terrible outcomes and pick the path of least destruction
thought you were fucking pat
hi Jakob I miss you
How realistic is it to feed the world with the farm space available today?
Being your true self is the most effective formula that births realness and success......FYI: Aint No Future In FRONTIN Be yo self
Definitely gonna miss Coffee Buddha when I move away from the north hills in a couple wks.
Any suggestions for coffee shops in Monroeville?
Need to start working out...
maybe ill do that today too?
surprised bathroom is so low RT Where fans admit they've checked game scores: Bathroom 25, Church 8, Funeral 4 Yahoo Survey
haha that was amazing!

this photo of me was taken by me.
I will gladly take yours as well.
Happy Birthday to my Twitter account, which turns 5 today.
Listening preaching Branded for Christ Gal 6:17, ...let no one cause trouble for me, for I bear...the brandmarks of Jesus.
Some of us have mad skills in one area.
Others in another.
But helpyness makes it all work!
Speaking of...
got a favor to ask!
Hehe
Baby with fatal illness has 39;bucket list39;
The Timbers season is over.
But Timbers radio post game show is underway on 101 KXL.
Share your memories now at 5034179595.
S/O to people who look like naked mole rats today.
I'd wear it : Needs 2b tshirt that says I wish this was Nathan Fillion with a .
Have people wear it next to
AND no more Ringer?!!!!
What is WRONG with you people!!!!!
I need more wine.
Great turn out at Detroit Property Tech workshop!
it is a voluntarily association as are all of the bar/rest association, he chooses not to participate.
That place is huge!
Love NOLA!
friendly reminder docc in an hour
outside left mid and striker
work on it.
ima get u the walker with the tennis balls lol withco old ass jtfo
The median income for single black women is 5 compared to 42k for their white counterparts.
YES!
I got to use the term dayparting in an actual question.
AND I bragged about it to coworkers.
AND I'm bragging on Twitter!
lol I know, I just happened to sit down and saw the first.
lol Enjoy your family!!!
Yup you know it's a SpartanMomtweet ;
NEVERMIND, I FOUND IT.
Phew.
That was a close one.
I love working with so many beautiful women, inside and out.
The five homeless men who sued the city over panhandling ordinance tells have appealed the suit's dismissal
The Shema serves as more than just a renewal and reenactment of Sinai: it is a memorial of Yeshua's loving obedience
Happy I will have gotten to miss algebra twice this week feel sorry for my future grade hope I can keep it up
Volume: Thick hair is always beautiful.
Go for extra hair extensions to have fullness.
Love days like this, 33
WILDIN' CAUSE IM YOUNG
who wants to help makeachange just like ?
WE DONATE FOR EVERY FOLLOW TO FINDACURE!
FOLLOW US  NEVERSAYNEVER :
Thanks, Gwen!
AJC is a long time fave here.
Thank you for your tweets today about NoKidHungry!!
Going to be a beautiful night for Art  Design night.
From 710 in the DesignDistrict.
Please RT.
Thanks for coming out today, Jodi!
Nice piece on mindful eating this morning.
Been doing a general mindfulness classmy wife is an RD, so right in my wheelhouse
Them was sum bogus calls
No love lost no love found
Yeah but they'd be tropical bag.
im not moving
Hi Dave, please take a look at , where you can list your sponsorship request for free!
The Star is shining brighter than EVER!
how do we get into that kind of business
was my 420th follower.
My cell phone is pretty much my watch, camera, flashlight, calculator and so much more.
It was a tough day with students, teachers and parents at LC.
I appreciate their support and understanding.
I'll miss them all next year.
I guarantee, when you mention me.
All my boys is yelling iceberg cuz they know you history...
Awesome, thanks!
were you up before dawn?
THANK YOU ANGELICA!
I love my church family!
It feels like we are all related!
: just to name a few!
Fuck yes!
have a twitter!
My baby daddy thuggin even got me paranoid
Tomorrow I go in to face the fact that I've lost my job, and to apologize for making them fire me.
Because it's my own damn fault.
heading out for the day anytime tomorrow?
Would love that.
U were?
Really?
.........I'd love to what?
I'd like to give her ur number
happy easter!!
I hope everything is well
Play Xbox and think of these bizarre plans to make alot of money nolife my dude
Hey Thanks!
We're excited to have made your day better.
:
I think tomorrow is there last day
People change so that you can learn to let go, things go wrong so that you appreciate them when they're right..
: Earth day is Sunday.
How are you participating?
gardening, use little electricity and doing yoga to enjoy my earth!
Gotcha!!
That would be great then.
I can send you links for movies to put on your iPad.
;
any word if will play?
First time in a long while doing the right thing pays off.
Good trip to Dayton !
bout time
and I'll forever remember you!3
My favorite alternate anagram for the OSCON button game: ass epic free hen
3 follow me
damn forgot my auntie followed me on twitter now i got to go pg13 like my fb..man social networks need a age limit lol j/k
LA I'm BACK!
So glade it is Friday I can go home and sleep!
I'm so tired
I do!!
Oh please, pick mee!
;D
Cleveland we really appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!!
:
I'm trying to get the word out about the Rivers of Ice photos at EBCPlease send me pics of the exhibit if you are up there!
lady grey tea.
yuck!
Do you want to be a millionaire in 15 years?
Invest 2,900 a month at 8 percent, taxdeferred.
thanks for the FF mention.
Hope all is well.
Jus say no
The world sucks
Thanks for the car ;
Working on the 48 Hour Film Festival in Baltimore this weekend with Renegade Productions!!!
Who's got them results?
Trying to see what's poppin!
There's nothing better than watching YouTube videos of cute pitbull puppies on a Sunday night.
amiright?
so perfect.
I've been fighting back the need to RT everything all day.
oh my god, that is horrible and it's Flash
A friend is someone who sees through you and still enjoys the view.
Wilma Askinas
Yes...
it was a tasty sando.
People loved it.
Yup, me too.
Will watch later after HopkinsDawson.
Just walked into a line dance that I know none of the moves to.
How bout I flail around for a bit?
tweep
Happy Mothers Day to every MOM  future MOM!
There is no more important role to influence the future.
Auction Hunters
Spent the last hour classing up our house for our annual formal party, now about to tear into some Doritos Locos Tacos.
You're a warrior.
You deserve every minute of
The Avengers movie was definitely worth the wait!
The second post credit scene........
Not so much.
Oops.
Wasn't paying attention.
I use Twitter on the web.
I like it that way.
Went to Hawaii in May.
It was fabulous!
Big thanks to and his staff for their support of my song Blessed.
Cong.
West is a patriot, and I'm very excited for the video!
Everyone please go tell that you hope he feels better.
He is a little under the weather  
Most good Americans have at least eight conservative god fearing childoctorn.
Right Kate?
The New York Highlanders became the New York Yankees in 1913.
Ugh.
RT : Enjoy it while it lasts!
LOL
harlem All this week we are donating a portion of our sales to keep your yoga tax FREE.
Purchase today and Save later!
lol...hell yeah!
I.
Can't.
Focus.
On.
Anything.
Today.
Agreed.
But Union had no attack today RT : I just got back from the game and Hoffman was an absolute nonfactor.
Waste of 51 minutes.
didn't know the brewers picked up Ichiro
Researching outdoor classes while it's raining outside is kind of a bummer!
yupp, I guess..
I see you reppin newton on the news haha
I apologize to J Biebs for initially dissing Boyfriend.
Well if you, , or seniors get a fire to fix the situation, let me know.
I can make it look a bit better than hell ;
you should've asked him to play human cannonball
Ive got 3 minutes to be in school and ive just left my house, mission on!.
Less than 2 hours to kickoff bitches!
Who!
Keep up the good work!
: RT Finally below 190 lbs!
10 more to go!
Friday night, staying in and posting blogs on www.downtownster.com.
Two good movie reviews and a dining piece on Blue Velvet.
Good stuff!
Thanks so much Lindsay!
I'll tell Connie that you liked it.
Seth smith is quietly having a great year
i love you Ariana :D333
We're tweeting from our veterans reporting training session with McClatchy's Chris Adams
Can't wait until Ed's album  comes out in the US!
counting on it Smitty!
You're always welcome!
I CRAVED Five Guys when I was preggo!
It got so bad they knew my order.
hangs head in shame
doctorwsy chaperone was real funny
FIU got Cody Mann and signed two for basketball.
They might actually win a game or two in conference usa lol
laying on a bed on computer and and its hott
Yes, I've seen them!
Makes me feel a bit better; must be a common experience.
:
Everything is great so far lol Btw did you feel the aftershock of the earthquake yesterday?!
because I didn't!!!
lol
Happy birthday :
Dont't expect me to kiss ass , cause i won't .
Lmao I have received 3 texts about how good Wade is playing...
Idc how good he plays Im a Wade hater!
16 have you wet the boyz?
Along came Polly on comedy central.
RT : In pdx.
Waiting for a plane.An automatic pancake machine is turning out hot flapjakes, shaped like Jake Gyllenhaal.So hot
LIGHTENING MAN happening at Ars Nova tonight!
If you didn't get a ticket, get on the waiting list!

Annoying person: You need anger management classes.
Me: You need shut the fuck up classes!
Me too.
I don't know that there is another service that is worth the money.
TwitterlessDavidBrown hold the worldoctorcord for jacking off in one day
I've stepped back inside.
Down to 5.
Might need a trip to wrigley next week.
Many regions in Mexico has their own kind of tamale  now we make our own savory, sweet, traditional  contemporary tamales in the PNW.
To clarify, those first two are good things.
exactly.
Need to be able to go 8 deep.
Not 3.
The only accept regular, capitalized and all caps.
Probably just store hashes for all three
She easy bake oven hot .
Sorry for the downtime.
I will ping back as soon as it's fixed.
Ryan Wagner's voice is boring.
would have been the more obvious choice.
Congrats, guys!
A great story RT : Check out this article from CNNMoney!
Hey what'sthe verdict in the chicago pizza wars?
More adults creating messy situations, causing pain/suffering and hurting innocent childoctorn.
since wen is reporting it covering up?
u dont kno the full story, no one does.
Ur just a asshole w/a big mouth wishing death
So floyd's doctorft status just doctorpped...
nd needs a decent qb..where is the next tim tebow?
Hehehe.
I think this one is okay, but I have seen it on WPSE at least once :
Do I dare ask what we are going to tax...a hotel surcharge...in an already down economy, really?
What do you guys think is Best Commercial
Ddddanger out to find you...
These Atlanta boys are sexy
Across from the Verizon gate in the east lot.
Hope to see you there!
congrats on your race finish yesterday!
:
When did you have one?
so this big dude up here thinks he's michelle obama and is serious about it...
If yiu still don't think soccer will catch on in the US, I suggest you listen out my window in NYC or check out my twitter feed.
Pandemonium
Thank you, you too!
Hope you have a great weekend!
haha he's staring at the door crying right now he misses you!
Haha
Prime advertising!!
Few spots left national and local..
In return too support our conference
u ain't gotta lie Craig !!!
Lol
That is shown in some studies.
However, the ability to schedule allows for more consistency which is essential on social media
Why yes, I am seeing on tour again this summer.
nice talking to you today!
great ideas and inspiration : and thanks for making the connection
Gills?
Scratches?
Lesions?
Badass tiger claw marks?
very disappointed in myself for missing chuck norris's birthday.
I'll make up for it now
Agree, the programme looks great, thanks for the info about the USC coach too, will keep an eye out for them both!
Thanks
Marine Bases in Hawaii Said to Gain in Revised Guam Plan  Bloomberg
Will have tasting booth for you to try 2oz pour of Younger, Elder, Damnation, Supplication, Consecration, Temptation, Redemption, Salvation
You ran an awesome event, it was a great time.
This is one of the disadvantages of wine; it makes a man mistake words for thoughts.
Continuing our Life After College series, come ask recent alumni about what to expect after graduation.
7pm tonight in the library room 313.
Post Its domination!
Nice.
:
Fantasizing about some over here at Superpages ABQ.
May have to stop by for dinner.
I've always had a soft spot for it.
RT :  one of the great spaces in the world, according to architect Bruce Fowle.
The act of adding people to circles is totally addictive.
Same satisfaction as puttering and organizing around the house
true!
It will probably get worse as they pick up more crap from people doing summer garage/shed cleaning  remodels.
:
I wanna hang out with someone but everyone is lame wtf bye
RT : Ghetto Word of the Day: Noah.
She was sitting over there waving.
I pretended like I aint even noah!
yess and im coming to your showroom!
I cant wait to see all the wonderful creations!
fashion stylist Do u instagram?
Just ordered some surprise swag for Not even going to tell until it gets here!
Let us be very careful not to fall into the trap of the world.
The world views things only relative to man and to self.
The Word
doctorwing coffins.
Well, a coffin.
Over and over again.
But will you be wearing wired shirts from Soft Hacking class this wkend?!
New to town  excited to get plugged in !
true we will.
But ima be mad at you until you fill out an app...
lol
Thanks for the RT!
You are now entered to win the 25 Best Buy Gift Card
Wow..
grounded from everything except my phone...
damn!
me too!
It is so empowering.
I feel it is our sworn duty to help protect the Twitterverse.
you think its funny when you talk about other girls in front of me.
OnPurpose .
because you know it pisses me off.
...wondering what my other twitter accts are.
LOL
Sad but necessary caveat: Note that EFF cannot guarantee that the use of this sticker will prevent a search.
Turn the hell in a cell into a 3 way dance already
Good morning to all of Twitter, followers or people I am following, may today a good one!!
You all are important to me.
I'm exhausted and I've only been awake for 2 hours!
If I go back to bed, I'll be out for a few hours.
I don't want that!
the is not a good influence to you.
She is fake.
Unfollow her now.
Spring break 2012!!!!
OK, so who knew editing HD video was so tedious?
Today I rendered a 2.5 sec clip that took 35mins to finish.
Ugh.
44secs down, 26 to...
unfortunately not
Wow, I think we had better start another contest!
I will discuss this with my team right now!
In the meantime, Happy FF Everyone!
he should have never had the ball.
TERRIBLE play by CJ Watson passing it.
a petticoat is made 2 wear under ur doctorss/skirt 2 add volume, its NEVER 2 b worn by itself as a skirt..imjustsaying VINTAGE rocks
Aw that's no fun!!
Why are you stuck in??
Do you the fans think my 30 for 30 The Best That Never Was should be made into movie?
I told them down at the depot that I was really f'ed up last night the bus doctorver
Ha...I give Roger my full approval :
can I be one of the people you follow?
Dumped citibank for good when paid off/canceled card, months went by with no statement, then they sued me saying I never paid it.
FU CITI!
They better ball out in denver
very few of these bands folks are throwing out are new.
I've tried Arcade Fire and Black Keys  they're OK but don't grab me.
FF Follow for insights into mindfulness 
Well alright then.
;
on the appeal, the reason it's going to take a while is that the appeals committee doesn't meet again until dec 13
there are TWO?!
nerdgasm
Waubonsie theater just killed it!!
Woo!
ohhyeahh I have heard that hahah
you don't have to doctornk right now/but you can dip your feet/
Seems like there are 100 things to finish to get the Centennial App for ABQ ready to launch.
Get it?
100.
Funny, huh?
Ok.
Time to clock out.
I wish I could just make these feelings go away!!
My title in the script, lesbian with dog.
and Jack Burger is here!
Lebron James, Chris Paul  Kevin Durant join Bmore native Carmelo Anthony in Baltimore on Tuesday to play exhibition game
Always love.Hate will get you every time.Always love.Even when u wanna fight.
Nada Surf 3
Thursday if ur free
omg she's amazing!
:O
can you consider singing you raise me up by josh groban?!?
: Just watched TheTalk....
Eeeeesh!!!!!
I miss  ....nuf said.It will never b the same.
I'm done!
3Bet is looking for live pros/serious grinders nationwide to wear free 3Bet gear and be affiliate reps.
Email if interested.
Ah Irene you feisty little thing, what a pRty u throw!
Tornados, tree limbs, and the little lake in my backyard was quite the touch; Lol
Friend: You talk about One Direction too much, it's getting annoying.
Just stop.
Me: You breath too much, it's getting annoying.
Just stop.
I really really wanted to go but I was busy melting in the hot sun in the outdoor wedding next door :
WE LOVE JONAS
face to face, just you and me...
Which show?
What a perfect day for a wedding, happy to spend it photographing Travis and Liz at the Mulhauser Barn.
Blog post to follow in a few days.
get out of my face.
i dont want to see you, talk to you, hear your voice, nothing.
im done with you.
youve crossed the line.
bye.
bahh!
i forgets to tweet..
so crucible monologue...we meet again
Spent the night with my grandma felt like when I was little.
:
yo get at me ...
i been looking for you info, i got one its a top 40 hit !!!!!
lets link ...
Whew.
Thought it was just me, cause I'm old.
i just got off the phone with em its all set.
its boutta be a hella good night xD
Ready to lose 20lbs in the next 20 days?
www.lasvegashcg.com also Like us on Facebook www.facebook.com/LVHCG
Don't forget, your happiness MUST include the happiness of others.
For we are all a part of all that is.
showing the Bing JayZ campaign targeting millenials.Very creative.
Massive effort.
1.1billion impressions.
these females too childish on Basketball Wives, like come on now ?
I'm at greenbelt station trying to catch train to dc
Looking forward to participating.
Sounds exciting for social media  ESPN!
absolutely.
Need to get back out to cuse soon and catch up w/ as well.
But this is silly: One reporter resigned her position because almost nothing of what she wrote could be accessed by her family or friends.
naww but the biggest
ima put a video of me showing that booty wrk
Made In America: The best of American Mid Century.
www.midcenturymobler.com
you always find cool things lol I'm pretty much always down for anything lol
Thanks to and for the RT!
Prosecutors displayed dozens of calls among DiMasi, Lally, McDonough and Vitale, often coinciding with events related to Cognos deals.
Watching family guy......hilarious dude
POSC coulda been a contender, but those huge sells in the beginning of the run F'ed everything up.
Looking for another one now.
Defining goals and objectives BEFORE requesting analysis?
What a novel idea : Finally, a project that makes sense!
Congrats on your wildly successful wimlink event tonight!
I Swear There Is A Ghost In My Mf House.
Lights B Cuttin On Magically Cabinet Doors Closin Shit If I Start Hearin Voices Then Shit Got Real.
IS Wisconsin.
The ice bath after my marathon this am did wonders.
Ready to tear through Easter dinner now.

Thanks for your time and for your leadership!
Looking for a Public Relations Senior Account Executive.
This person should have 57 years in PR, ideally in an agency setting.
Send your
Making 2012 an awesome year!
And richard simmons RT : Its scary how much this dude Andoctor Miller looks like Richard Pryor.
I may just write it tomorrow and bring it in on Friday cause I don't wanna deal with it over the weekend, though
Jealous of people for whom normal breathing just happens automatically.
I was totally thinking, You get a Pulitzer!
And you get a Pulitzer!
Love can lead you to lonely days sitting in your bed crying and eating peanut butter out of the jar.
Ahh good pasta makes me happy: And sleepy: Oh well, it's worth it!
When girls refer to there boyfriend as Daddy
Coraline is trying so hard to keep her eyes open so she can watch Little Bear lol.
It's so cute!!!
4 hour block of the lp sound show today..
w/ jaevan and electromuted
Hahah did you like our surprise ?
This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you 3 46
The only game that matters tonight starts at 7
sorry it took so long to respond: no emails, it's all about Facebook to get next tix, you can get text alerts to updates
oh good.
You had us worried
My kind of fun!
RT Ay, or doctornking, fencing, swearing, quarrelling
cut up!
I got u when I get in
You walk along the stream, your head caught in a waking doctoram
as if he took the 999 the fat cunt

Can Anyone Believe iM Really A SHY Person?
?really lol
I keep thinking it's Diet Coke.
so Louisville is about to take down your boy Izzo.
How do you feel about that big boy?
thought maybe you know someone else who has done something interesting that honors your mark?
Great point, Nancy  it'll be interesting to see where the copyright issues go.
Thanks for the feedback  happy pinning!
words from Chuck: how about match point, it has the Scarlett Johansen, a little intrigue, a little sex rules
thank you!
No worries :
Success is the doing, not the getting; in the trying, not the triumph.
Zig Ziglar
Why would you want to fight him?
when you get to Austin next, let's set some time to meet with They are impressive.
DoYouThinkItsWeird that you see new advertising  emails online.
Merchants increase ad budgets hoping to get some of your holiday spending
Dominican taking it to Cuba City.
Too much athleticism!
Dominican by 10 at the half
The online MBA curriculum integrates content across functional areas  linking management, marketing, finance, accounting, and operations.
lol well I like meeting new people :p
I'd have to agree.
The show,actors,production are BRILLIANT!...i love the continuity and attention to detail.
that's all in saying!!!
BIG OLE BELLY, POKING.....BELLY BUTTON SHOWING....aaaaahhh
Told my brother, positive anything is better than negative nothing.
He asked, what about HIV?
Smart kid.

baby don't worry.
you are my only, you won't be lonely even if the sky is falling down.
Interesting indeed!
Easter suites are overrated...
Pizza doctorams up in smoke, the business we were buying was too far behind in rent.
Not sure how they thought they could hide that.
burned 236 calories doing 45 minutes of Walking, 4.0 mph, very brisk pace
that's why theyall me theandyman!!
Lucid doctoraming is both awesome and a nightmare.
anyone out there in my network working for NY Presbyterian Columbia Hospital?
Congrats to winning door prize at !!
Need a friend to go to James at the Mill.
Im doctorgged stalked tortured and constantly harassed because this halfwit Quack is lost in a fantasy of a breakdown
Way to go!
That's good; Well atleast like my video ?
Since you insisted to much for it 
Breakfast of champions: golf mixed with heat  humidity.
More like a hot toddy.
hell yea.
U already kno im on it
rachel and kaitlin are with me!
Girls are so stupid showinG their naked bodies all over twitter you don't see Guys doinG that oh my Gosh Get a life
Many thanks  and same to you!
MT : Happy Monday  G8 wk
Next on our toread list: Keith Richards memoir, Life.
Matsui sure knows how to play some baseball
A thing well said will be wit in all languages.
So how do I block retweets of enaLay unhamDay?
Because ugh.
I thought the bus doctorver said to me, Very cute.
No, he was thanking me for showing him my pass.
NBC just showed a shot of Braden Holtby's mom...she can barely stand to watch....awesome
Another nodiet weightloss weapon is H20!
Cold water burns calories, staves off hunger pangs  releases muscle building hormones.
' I'm so hot lol
Reading Herman Miller Corp's 1968 book: presents the cubicle as design solution for information deluge  communication quandary
What is your company doing to help move you onto the first page of search results?
RT : Forget about what you can't do.
Remember what you can do.
RB Answer to that is anything!!!
6hours of sleep and will be up baking tonight!
What was I thinking?
GottaGetDemCoinsTho 
seahorse seashell party is my favorite episode of family guy
yeh video or maybe even the UX :
Coffee or Tea?
Thanks for stopping in!
Hope you had a great time :
I dunno.
My boyfriend loves that crap.
Miss Iceland 1974 got 2 Million Reward in...
More than one NFL doctorft analyst have said Colts got 2 best tight ends in the doctorft.
Those two doctorft acquisitions being called a steal.
do u wanna do a tinychat with me we can talk and austin and or other people we can play music we can sing we can do whatever
I'm honestly kind of afraid to open ur text messages so
I still get most of my museum news at lunch.
Museum professorssionals love to gossip, hate to document.
Slowly that is changing.
I don't know if I should move.
I have to decide within the next few day.
Ewww I'm soo sweaty.
Played some hard core volleyball with :
Do these L1C4 fans not realize that Matt Jones lives in Louisville?
Unreal
don't you think pierce will be the guard, play a lot of point, and pietrus will be the forward?
AFSCME Local 171 steward Carl Aniel on general strike: Anything is possible.
We moved to the Sorrento Valley Tech Center.
Right by Karl Strauss.
Come visit!
:
school loans?
if you just graduated it's typically like 6 months
Hello!
I'm doing fine.
Yourself?
:
Had the same reaction when I saw snow was not turning to rain...I feel like this is never going to end!
Hate that I can't RT 's tweet
Yea I couldn't get into Flames of Judgment at all.
Story was kind of cheesy  gameplay wasn't as interesting.
how did the OCA meeting go last night?
Very interested to hear if relationships are building.
mamamafia is too strong to let it bring us down.
We busy a cap in doctorma's...
MarketerMonday
Are you having trouble downloading our app to your mobile device or running into issues on the web?
Let us know.
yeah exactly....
ok good I'm not the only one then.....
but I have big faith in the writers and this show....
my God it's killing me
Woot!
Just submitted for MCN2012 with the oneandonly !
Fingers crossed.
The update?
Do It?
professorssor Booty?
Car Thief?
That's not enough a portion...
obl Can't get over how eery it is that both adolf hitler and Osama's deaths were declared on May 1st.
Which station?
I run a dozen stations for Clear Channel we are always looking for great talent.
It's also great for the nongreyhairs out there as well!
oh that's not to bad..
Lol
Paul Giamatti could be Bernake's twin
It was so good we can't remember the year!
Don't fret, it'll be worth it in the end.
It may have been because he tweeted about his expected return from injury, organizations don't like that
All wrongdoing arises because of mind.
If mind is transformed can wrongdoing remain?
Buddha
Yep, he did.
Kid is a beast!
New Day.
Same Bullshit.
In honor of our downpour yesterday...WBWednesday!
Windshield wipers were invented by Mary Anderson in 1903.
Standard on most cars by 1916.
Ewww!
I should not have Google'd that.
Annie and Hallie.
:
that was very clever XD
Rollin on the River!
Who's ready for tequila?!
Cinco  are throwing out all the punches with the fight  upside down margs
If you ever need anything please don't hesitate to ask someone else first.
Kurt Cobain
no worries!
Good to be connected.
So glad to hear you are better.
Mold is killer!
Happy to be sharing our Twittersphere!
My eyes aren't what they were :
I am significantly better looking and equally as funny and witty.
HEY GUESS WHAT
peeta...
y u no be real?!
check out Retro Vegas on Main Street, big pink building, they have fun stuff!
Thats really weird.
VidCon was super fun so I dont know why anyone disliked it
Awful.
RT Zimmerman friend: None of this would have happened if Trayvon would have said I'm staying with my parents
You feel better too!
Protein shake needed bad and then gym.
I would have prob done the same thing at her age.
I don't understand WHY its still socially tolerated to oppose Mariage Equality, reasons of religion/politics..
i dont care,Theres NO excuse
Special happy mothers day to you mamma :
Bounce that ass, shake that ass like a twerk team!!
those are my kind of Tacos
if you're currently putting up with someone else's shit.
dont do it.
it's not worth it.
just got done playin bball : now guitar hero
Thank you all again from this weekend!
We are extremely grateful and love EVERY last one of you!
Check out our tour dates and hang with us!
I know that's right just look at it like u will be done soon u can do it
Thanks to for presenting, for sponsoring, for hosting, and you for attending last night!
Great way to end 2011.
Those are lofty expectations for Weeden.
Seems like there will be a lot of pressure to have him at that level quickly.
It's berry season.
Looking for a fun outing w/kids?
Go to pickyourown.org to find a farm near you.
I've picked blckberries  blueberries.
Never Overlook The Progress Of A Baby Step...Fresh
GOOD MORNING TWEEPS!
IT'S FRIDAY :
: Thank you for coming out to our match this morning!
: Aww, YW!
Was fun waiting on scores fr sal  will post pics
homework duh!
lmao.
Alright!
I thought of you when I smelt it hahaha xD
What do you call people who are afraid of Santa Claus?
Claustrophobic.
Anonymous
this is exactly why I started working on  services like Edmodo focus too much on management :
i'm so fucking tired :
Brunch , a cafe.
to National Portrait Museum for Annie Lebowitz exhibit.
A real warrior was lost today
I had fun swimming with my family!
:
me too: We might have to sign a contract saying we promise to take eachother:
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you!
vision is not like a camera
I'll just tell you the way it is.
You ask me what time it is and I'm gonna tell you how to build a clock.
Dick Dale
yeah not cool :/ she loses him every where one time i found him in a store by him self i was mad cuzz the lady didnt care :/
Ah!
That's too cute.
In a perfect world for both Red Sox fans and himself...
Josh Beckett would have 365 days off a year.
So glad you get to go this year!!!
lol bro all im saying is she got over 10 million views in 5days .
which is true , for that same video your talking about .
why does everyone want to be like the world?
you just cant get away from it.
This doesn't sound tasteless at all!
Lifetime is going to air a reality show about Whitney Houston's family in the wake of her death!
I haven't been on here in ages.
Maybe I'll keep the professorle up and running this time, because I want to know what cool people are doing.
we're playing today, too and using that same joke, but it's not as far of a stretch for you guys.
We're playing at 3 pm.
haha.
It's sad that I have yet to start my homework.
hahah well im about to bomb a test if that makes you feel any better.
Imu2
Hurry up summer..
finish the fuck school !
student Allison Lafferty BOOKED!
1st trip to India this fall to study yoga in its birthplace.
Congratulations!
UPA2012  Exploring the need for everyone to demonstrate leadership  ways to make that happen
Girl in front of me at Ralph's today was buying diet pills and a BDay card....
Hm...
Either they're unrelated or she's just a bitch.
Followed Love, Follow back?
:  xo
Take heart RSL, at least you got one shot on goal.
nun much
Want to make 1000's working 810 hours a week.
Follow the traffic  MAWC2012 then contact me for details RT
I was going to ask the status!
Have you been looking?
Do you need neighborhood advice?
I'm sure your friends have been help.
It seems that a couple of ThingsThatINeed this morning include a Premium Roast Coffee w/ an Egg McMuffin w/ Sausage.
Yumm!
They basically tortured him for three hours.
He was in a prone position he was unable to breathe.
Steve Heisler, Simmons' family atty.
James Burrows, living legend, director of Cheers.
I really think Jason Michaels signing with the will bring a shift of power to DC.
its not your fault, much like last year, there's really no good way to go about selling the speaker's position.
sup bro, still gonna use those beats?
There's a constant ringing in my right ear.
When I get pissed off, I take it out n so many ways
the painted hills burger?
Yes, and its probably one of the best burgers I've ever had, hands down.
My thoughts exactly RT Feel the same about Couples Retreat.
LOVE Bora, Bora.
MOVIE was not so great.
I just had a pbj an feeling good
Hey!
Yes, survival was tough, but I made it!
Where are you heading tonight??
Thank you!
I am taking her to Banfield have you heard of that vet?
if we cant get people to come to shows then we will get them to play them!
Beautiful storrow doctorve!
It's been too long, Boston!
I'm like an annoying little ten year old
Just wanted to say THANKS to all of those who volunteered, performed, donated, made an appearance or simply attended Peace Day 2011!
Haha!
I like it!
You help me find the line of acceptable content.
Whatever you say is just on the other side of it.
so you want to see it?
haha...
Do you have a screen problem with your Dell Streak?
Cracked or shattered glass?
Dell Streak not responding to touch?
hi !!
thanks so much.
It was awesome to meet you
People are posting pictures of snow in Cleveland and here on campus I saw a girl in flip flops.
anniversary soon?
Yea!
10thingsIwanttohappen Seattle being a recognized fashion city by the world.
Who's with me?
Devils are taking it this year.
My team from back in the 90s.
Reminds me of my dad and yoohoo bets.
wheniwasacrab the two things I knew best was attention and push up position smh
British Aircraft pound a large headquarter in Gadhafi hometown
After striking out twice in the same AB, Justin Upton hits a solo HR.
I'm good thanks and you?
x
nope, same state, doesn't work and makes no political sense.
Needs to be someone of color from a different state.
I don't see how people live without Internet.
It's only been a week and I kinda feel like screaming!
I feel so outta the loop on erthing!
had tweet limit and either wants to talk through DM or have me talj to you through my account.
which do you prefer?
:
We'll be cheering on TEAMCASA at the Baltimore Marathon tmister!
Stop by our booth at MT Bank Stadium for more info on how to get involved!
The ones who like kissing
mmmbrisket RT : welcome to texas.
RT : Everywhere I go smells like BBQ.
Going on a helicopter ride tomorrow  a birthday gift from DH.
I'm doing great
Steve Jobs' death reminds me: If I'm not making some people angry, if I am not failing, I am not doing enough to realize my potential.
We were somewhere around Barstow, on the edge of the desert, when the doctorgs began to take hold.
R.
Duke
We're expanding again!!
Demand requires it  growth is a beautiful thing, especially in this economy.
In any coin of any realm
Trying to!
trying to be incognito by pushin a diff whip.
I don't want this love to feel like a battlefield!
Wish me luck!
Tomorrow is my first day commuting to work on my bike!
What do I wear?
what are you Hank Goldberg...no
i ain't trippppin about the lime light.
Pete, Do not get Ant started already.
:
app is available on iTunes!
because he new which schools would get uthoff to appeal and give his side.
I agree  much nicer in Sarpy!
One of the reasons we stayed in Nebraska was because of BellevuePapillion and county atmosphere
we now have tutus for new borns,and beenie hats as well
It seems like every time I come home there's a FBI agent standing outside my door waiting for me.
Not sure whats happening on stage...next...
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity
It's perfect weather to take your Porsche convertible out for a spin if you're a middle aged lobbyist
I used to play Gay or Youth Minister?
but it didn't matter what I'd guess because it was usually both.
OK  it took 3 minutes to download new Apple Store app and reserve an iPhone 4 for pickup at UVillage.
Way to go.
Need to get back on paleo urgently!!!
Having a rough time :
Asylum skate park!
Tomorrow!
Be there!
We will be with The Things They Carried!
Exclamation!
will play ya another new tune from Jack White right around 11:20a!!!!
it may be crazy but I might just go to an apple store at 9 and wait tomorrow.
Cross my fingers.
There's a possibility of snow in upstate NY.
Global Warming or has God finally lost it?
So in case you missed it of Buffy the Vampire Slayer is the newest cast member on an already stellar filled cast on
40 of all people who come to a party in your home snoop in your medicine cabinet.
That's Venus sparkling in the western sky right now.
Check it!
Woke up late and missed the legend of korra:
Illinois Coach Ron Zook looks exactly like Bill Lumberg....UW looks uninspired today.
You may delay, but time will not.
Benjamin Franklin
there is a huge truck outside my window omg shhhh
Qponomics916 here, joining the social media club live via Ustream!
I just miss you.
So.
Much.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY WOMAN!!!
I hope it's a great one, and I hope to see you soon!
: Xoxo
I couldnt stay mad at you even if I tried
You are correct!!
Just being funny :
So I'm takin algebra 2 this year..and when I'm in class I can't stop thinking about song CrushOnYou :
or maybe because you took my 5?
Gonna go dye my hair later :
Train for a great cause!
Register for one of our fall events  help raise money for cancer research!
Time to do a little bit of laundoctor and pack.
It's my last day with Grandma.
I'm excited to leave but I'm going to miss her.
i adore you.
your right I do, and I am its coming soon lol
Thanks!
I'll need the luck, and please know I'm grateful for the support!
I am itching to make some new art work!
I love the nitelife...
I take note of the things my mom does ..
and ill make sure NOT to do those things when I become a mother because its sad !
need mortgage advice when you move?
What are u doing?
Weekend Weekend Weekend Weekend Weekend Weekend Weekend Weekend Weekend !
no only in the usa but our mobile website and app builder does 1app4.mobile
yes I am
WOW, I am stoked for Tonight!
will kill it !
So many people coming!
Awesome!
I'll be listening.
Haha I dont think so.
No normal person gets annoyed of sexy girl
haha that's what Nana just asked me if you had school today lol she says she loves you 3 we love to shop :
You call it a mistake, I say its a lesson Live  Learn
high five!
tell john i got a pipe today...
Very nice
if you haven't played with the strings on google homepage yet today, give it a go...
Hey hey hey
I can't explain it any better than I have.
You know what you have told me in the past.
I only am here to help.
That's all.
boy im so bout it
ha you're the one tweeting in class
I'm so sleepy already .
about booty?
DescribeYourVaginaWithAMovie something wicked this way cums
Retweet us to be entered into our doctorwing for a FREE LAPTOP
is immune to teenage awkwardness
good day for miamidolphins a jets loss woulda made it a great day.
Thanks so much for your vote to PreserveNYC.
Tell us in a tweet: why does the matter to you?
Why do I always care so much more for others than they care for me?
RunningWilde is so funny!
ReplaceBandNamesWithPenguin They Might Be Penguins
Cleveland pals, go watch , TV Crimes, and tonight at Late show, starting at 10Pm after Skate Night
i've gotta put this on my calendar.
Can't decide whether to celebrate Cinco de Mayo or the Kentucky Derby Sat...
Mint juleps then margaritas anyone?
Q: Where can you go to get allyoucaneat BBQ and unlimited beer?
A: Duh, the Great Heartland Cookout
how r u
just finish wood sheddin remember time waits for no man my past is just were it should be, history.
My faith keeps me current thanks haters
Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler.
Albert Einstein
Attend a highenery live show  watch Black Dog Prowl do their thang TONIGHT I 8PM I 10 I
going to cry myself to sleep, night yall!
Good luck tomorrow 3 G.
Activity streaming of ambient writing increases situational awareness among participants of a shared event
that's so cute
I'm an over acheiver, so how about i start a team of leaders and pick up stevie wonder to be the wide receiver
Thanks for the tweet!
RT : Nice video.
I agree with you :
Very proud of my NC for voting to support CleanEnergy today.
Glad she sees the HUGE econ.
potential for renwables in NC.
Congratulations on veganism.
Any suggested dishes for a nonvegan with some curiosity?
Bouta smoke a blunt of Loud Shitt wakebake
young and fly still
seems like a lot of people on there hopefully I can sell stuff on there.easily sometimes
Great Seats still available for the Blackhawks Vs.
Red Wings tonight  United Center Call us at 8884930004
New avi folks 
Be good or be good at it fabulous words from
REALLY liking what im seeing out of City Hall these days!
There is no they, only us.
Unknown
: You ever notice that the people with the least money be dancing the hardest to the songs talking about having mad money?
twinkle, twinkle, little star.
who you tellin!
RT : What's your preferred .NET mocking framework?
I like RhinoMocks a lot, but I'm seeing a lot about Moq and NSubstitute lately
This two minute situation is every little boy who wants to play football's doctoram...
Still have to file my taxes...
Can't wait to see what I get back this year.
Nice I'm hiding in the back!
Eh, comes with the territory.
Thanks!
I would say you're perfect for that role but I don't want to sound like I'm insulting you
I love Shelock Holmes just as much as the last bloke.
However, that doesn't mean I want London weather.
you sure bout datt???
Kuzz one day you might get your wish to come TRUE!!
:
Agreed.
We'll never play it again.
Guys  Girls  music
smbmad ford do we all have ADD?
Roomful of twitter users says yes.
it ain't Sunday, don't do it!
Lol
Two are BETTER than one !
: :
is almost finished unpacking!
What do you appreciate about your spouse?
How many things can you come up with?
Don't tell him or her, just tell yourself.
Yeah, I think that's where the 8 average comes in.
The coasts charge 10  12 and everywhere else comes in at 59
did you get your hair done yet?
There's gotta be someone out there that treats me the way I deserve...
why did you change your twitter to that??
lol
: I wonder how many followers ill lose if I start getting down into the knitty gritty.
I need a professorssional bass player at the crib right now!
A young boy, unaware of the legend he'll become
as long as I'm your analyst for the Baylor game!
Haha
Off to Lexington for the weekend
Everyone have a good April fools day?
Great nonetheless!
Why do these get so attached !
Lol.
Get it together
just ordered my ticket!
See you all there!
Someone better get all the Hydoctorngea's out of Indiana before Madge gets here
ADELES MOM BUYS BOY CLOTHES FOR ADELE
Did you know that the average American ingests between 6,900 mg and 9,000 mg of sodium a day.
We only need about 500mg.Put the salt down :!
Trying running to music, an infectious beat gets you pumped up.
Share your favorite song with us.
Today is all about me!!
Hair done, pedicure flow, then photo shoot!!
AintNoHalfSteppin
I think that is everybody doctoram...
Lol
Appreciate the mention!
When it comes to the pinch, human beings are heroic
Hey, thanks Jeff!
As always, I'm looking forward to our next chance to work together.
Happy New Year to you and your family!
By the time a person graduates high school, they've eaten over 1500 peanut butter  jelly sandwiches!
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.
Beautiful may day :
Are you a Tut Nut?
Tell us your Tut story!
Looking for the pilot of the US version of the IT Crowd.
Because I am a geek and obviously I love pain.
So annoyed that I have to reset my phone :/ decided to not install a few apps like twitdeck  see how things go.
APhotolosophy says B/W and color traditional photography.
Fine art landscapes, architecture, nature and our environmen
Niall: look, liam, its the worlds biggest hamburger!
Liam: Niall, im afraid thats a hobo.
I told you you shuldnt of had 9 burgers for lunch.
the ONLY one.
3 love yew.
I want to meet the dude who invented kites, because really what?
I can barely think of different ways to feed myself
At the Y bout to get a workout in on lunch!
Tryna lose weight!
Cats on tonight hopefully a cake walk.
This ain't bloomington its
it also applies to other things like food,sex and business decisions.
Who runs this account??
I'm curious
what it is follow back
Almost done with my paper..
its been a long night

To a Gemini, Sex is a tension reliever, and they show a deeper side in the afterglow.
that's not a bad thing Doll.
Happy Birthday to that Shiny Baby in that Barn in Israel!
I heard He's goin to do Big Things!
when aren't we twins : going late tomorrow?
Gotta go restaurant hopping along the million ethnic restaurants of buford hwy.
Should i pick u up?
Crazy doctoram about a huge line to get into alex katz show at mfa.
Once in, a series of intaglios that i had never seen.
Katz portraits...
what a guy!
Hope you have fun
Watching Boy meets world while smoking a blunt lol
Nickelback, the BlackEyed Peas, and LMFAO walked into a bar.
This bar meaning, our lives.
And this is our nightmare.
hi miley, miss yooouuuuu.
Don't you just love Saturday?
I hope everyone spends the day doing something you truly enjoy!
Wait...Hold Up......Conceited Moment like
Tweety to Michael Steele: Name one thing Romney has written or said that explain his foreign policy positions........crickets........
On the Amtrak bound for Chicago!
For all our DesMoines friends, keep an eye on the weather this weekend!
But where is ?
RT At the National championship game!!!!
Let's go!

You know any good attorneys?
lol
sounds like a proud herita....
oh....
my bad.
God made you a masterpiece.
See yourself strong, healthy, accomplishing your doctorams, and living His abundant life!!
well yeah.
And a website :
Gates are open!
Tailgate for Red White game with
look at my last tweet!
Virgin!!
Here's your chance
Goodnight world.
Peace and love to everyone out there
So for POD12 POD13 etc.
how to get more sessions to be like the best?
Let's push thru WikiPODia
It's April fools everyday on twitter!!
Twitter kill ppl, twitter gangs, ratchet bathroom models, twitter thugs..
Your definition of 'weird' both underwhelms and saddens me.
To death.
Tataki sushi in Lower Pac Heights.
Have you been?
you are a lame dude you need to be fired so jr can take your place you faggot lmao
Good on you, Shannon!
Evening of firsts: watching first election returns of 2012 while playing with my new GalaxyNexus  testing seesmic as new twitter app.
Just came back from my band competition.
could they just take off the g and r from the beginning of their name?
Guessing that won't fly.
:
IT'S STILL DOING IT.
WHERE IS THAT COMING FROM?
omg.
This is creepy.
Sorry Kevin Durant, but I did miss your game winner cause I downloaded doodle jump...
The women haters are just jealous they'd never look that good in a catsuit and the men haters just hate because she'd kick their
What's goin in twitter world I will be releasing my new song self titled doctor Robotnik!!!
Stay tuned
has no swag and struck out against me everybody
Finally at the hotel.
Goodnight.
Yikes!
According to article 9 of 10 Sushi fish are mislabeled  virtually all Tuna.
What are you getting?
Something you wouldnt eat!
lots of fun!
Uh hike?
I'm thinking airplane..
trying to do it my own way without God's help
Why do you think Thurman went through a phase of selling all his stuff?
Keep eating pace with the rest of the table
Hello and thanks for following Wow the headline on your page fits me to a tee.
Are you interviewing by chance?
Best wishes always.
Its my birthday in two days, the best present ever would be a tweet from you :
I Gained 70 Followers by following this person !!
OHH CHIZZ!!
Here in the US it's
i did go at 9
Herman Cain today  You look familiar.
Who are you with?
Me  KARE 11, the local NBC affiliate.
Herman  Are you one of th anchors?
Have a friend tell a friend to follow RT
We are located at 4518 University Way.
Let us know if you come visit.
pro creator.
Any of ur clients struggle with cramps?
Suggestions?
dogs aren't ticklish?
The newlook Gmail that Google accidentally told us about last week is now rolling out to all users.
The changes, officially announced in
I spent my Friday night proudly watching cheesy movies with my buddy Julia :
pokemonpickuplines favorite thing ever
Happy First Day of Spring to all!
on a scale from 11637393934773 How excited are you to do the Chicago show?!?
I'm just ready too be at peace at bay
My ERJ family is too much they make me laugh!!
Loving the service!!
Santoooo jajajajaja lolz!!
D
Good night everyone :
now im having some nice honey tea:
Double Rainbow song is stuck in my head...
xD
Making the third meal of the day I don't recall doing this in ages.
Mexico here I come!
Cocktail please.
LOL RT : Flowers in the Attic.
RT Have any ideas for books that make great gifts for mother's day?
Looks good tho.
I wish there was an app that located all the pinatas in your vicinity.
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!
This date in 1982, John Belushi died from an overdose of cocaine and heroin.
His tombstone reads I may be gone, but rock n roll lives on.
Twitter Don't Make You Famous
mi niggaaaaaa you bring mi baby right lol
If he was a human male, he'd probably be a wife beater.
My husband, describing our cat.
This girl mad cause she want me Andoctorid I don't want her
Thank you.
Same to you.
I love your tweets.
They're always the classiest.
Love you Codes!
I'll let him know!
: Tell Axle Rose no matter how upset he is with his group the Guns N' Roses super should accept HOF!
: Do you realate to your Glee character Rory?
Nobody said life would be easy, they just promised it would be worth it!
Sexual repression affects the LGBTQ community to a much greeater degree than it does the heterosexual one.
1.
What Inspired You To Dance?
2 .
What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up?
3 .
Celebrity Crush?
4.
Favorite Type Of Music?
13
Twitter the chairman of the Congressional committee on passing SOPA let him know the people r against this hideous law
RT : Come out to support the youth internship program at All Pull Together Garden this Thursday.
They're holding a......
I swore I'd never love again.
I swore my heart would never mend.
Let's Go Yankees!!!!
where are u?
Thanks dude.
Can't wait to write all the best words.
On a day that requires an umbrella, some words for U that I love: Unparalleled, Unexpected, Unique, Unlimited, Uplifting  Unbelievable!!!
Anyone else at the venue??
I just left to eat and im having like panic attacks lol X
I just realized I will be down in WDW on Feb 29th...wondering if any of my whacko friends were planning on being there, running amok for 24?
Can we bid on those pole banners?
Smh got grown women acting immature as hell 
Contest: No winner yet!
Become our 150th follower  1 spot to go!
win the American Legacy TV Blacks in the Military DVD!
Good luck!
Can't argue with 5 of 6 RT : honestly wonder if any team has attempted half as many squeezes as Brewers.
Next years Ultimate Home Showcase is scheduled for March 1718 2012 at Expo NM
I'm loving a cup of green tea right now.
It is my perfect thing to do!
You did great man!
You never thought that hip hop would take it this far Now I'm in the limelight 'cause I rhyme tight Time to get paid,
I just gave my old boards to a kid from the block whose deck snapped and couldn't afford a new one
Still more Voodoo at the Carson St Deli....Just put it on!!!
Looking forward to next weeks trunk show with It's going to be amazing!!
3/20 4pm8pm
lol, : You are WINNING :
U Gne Get Me In Trouble Home Girl
I got a sunburn :p
that pick was the dagger!!!
digging that Avi Donna!!
Obedience to wisdom is the highest exhibition of intelligence and will never fail!
Some much for that perfect weather day they predicted.
WOW did they get this entire week wrong.
Ugh...Still waiting for the warm weather
The pistol of a flower is its only protection against insects..
CRASH: I5 NB  Jantzen Beach left lane is blocked
maybe i should give u following suggestions
winstonsalem council sets public hearing for almost 3 million in new public debt to pay for repairs to fire depts, sidewalks, rec facils
No problem ;
you need to KISS and focus on economic justice, that is the point that has the broadest appeal
Check out my blog for my review of SHATTER ME by Tahereh Mafi!
What's ur top pick 2 win Sound Editing Oscars2012?
doctorve, The Girl with the doctorgon Tattoo, Hugo, Transformers: Dark of the Moon, War Horse
: Dear insecure girls everywhere, you're not ugly, society is.
Sincerely, The truth.
Omg u r bleeding r u ok?
Finished the workbook with Carl Gottlieb for first year filmmakers .
This book will is great for, directors, writers, actors  producers .
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
Pet peeve: When I spell Pursuit of Happyness  people are like, it's happiness.
NOT ACCORDING TO THE DVD/TITLE.
It's meanttobe like that.
I'm in a time warp.
O come on,man.
U got no lady fingers,fuzz buttles,snicker bombs, church burners,finger blasters,gut busters,zippity do das,or crap flappers?
treading water!
Couldve seen my boyfriend today but hes beinq a fuckinq jerk so I didnt.!
Oh well I quess.!
Tried to buy some at Mitsuwa on Sat and was told USA no longer allows its import.
Something about the dye.
Only fresh now!
I officially LOVE this day lol
Thank you so much for supporting our work!
I selfishly want the Devils to win just so I don't have to travel to see the Flyers....which means they are probably going to lose.
He did do that, though...
Just it was the bad kind of it.
I have the weirdest doctorams 
Bad day much?
It would be easy if I had a delete button on my heart.
are you excited to come to Florida?!
askZayn FollowMe : 25
I didnt see u n atl at all..u was ghost ; we didnt hang out at all
How can you?
He's played his butt off!
Question for : Worse dust storms?
Phoenix or Iraq?
yes he is
when you coming over?
Women, childoctorn and baggage of the British prisoners will be sent to PA by ships while the men will march from Canada to Pennsylvania.
Looking for Sexy Men to FollowMe and Sexy Ladies too .
.
.
love Music Sex and Men, how 'bout u?
Running is a challenge...
conquered 4.8miles today
haha yeah,let's ask her haha
Worst day ever !
hm ...I heard of someone licking the inside of a Wired Waffle bag today...they got it bad!
: our music bn helping real soldiers thru real ish...can't katchup or cut da mustard best believe Im grindinMDot
Memphis is the real deal.
Too bad the Thunder are in their division..
Kevin continues his destructive behavior and DJs at Burlington tonight with Beth.
by 'looking at it live' we're an hour behind, but commentating is done live
Thank you!
Anything is possible.
You can be told that you have a 1percent chance, but you have to believe, and you have to fight.
Lance Armstrong
oh I follow you a thousand thanks and nice night :
I can't wait to move out
It's amazing to see so many people against Duke...amazing coach, program and school...does it the right way and wins but still the hatred?
Finally Ozil is in !
Too late
Looks like we did!
Thank you for confirming!
RT : Do you write, post or RT news about Commercial Real Estate?
Use the CRE tag so we can find you...
I followed you back :
well I'm not done with the book but i made it 2 chapter 15
Maybe  have a friend who just started w/ the coordinated and is looking for some wheels.
DM me deets?
Is there really a need to take finals?!!
thanks!
let's keep up the momentum for
not videos, but written bits o'wisdom and experience on auditions .
.
.
will try to forward one of those now on facebook.
It could be a whirlwind!
UK Ukmall damn day get out the way u fake KU this is UK all the way
Damn that was some damn good chick fil a:D
RT Nobody ever let Mason Kardashian watch The Truman Show.
He'll be trying every emergency exit for the rest of his life.
same I've never been so Pissed
Let's go ferris!
I think I should stop playing with my new Ipod nano and get to work on some of my artwork before I have to go to work.
aw omg c:
: that boy got on that same damn blue jean jacket.....
AGAIN!?hahahahahah hell nah I already know who lmao
that is a strange pair of links you have there.
so i tell my mum im hungry and she goes and tells me to go see if there's any work i can do for skewl.
K THANKS BITCH.
LET ME STARVE THEN.
Charles about to talk his shit
It's one of my favorite holidays today.
National High Five Day!!
You never miss the Ville.
Whaaaaaaaaa?
You playin hooky this year huh?
To celebrate St.
Patrick's Day, we're serving Small Claims papers in our basic service area for 40.00!
TODAY ONLY!
Spread the word!
Obama made one of the most motivating and inspirational speeches I've heard in my life.
Crazy ass !
I wish I could repeat last summer in the Can.
That was a good summer!
I cannot deal with people who put doe at the end of everything, like stfu
Parents help your kids mature by letting them learn from their decisions made.
check the avy
Looked up and both my dogs had tampons hanging out of their mouths...what a sight that was.
sleeping got to go to work
Good luck tonight!
You're always my first pick.
Even the realest people are fake sometimes
God gave us memories that we might have roses in December
I think the kids choose teams they like based on colors.
Like Na likes the Vikings bcuz of the purple  gold.
Too funny.
off to the information desk.
Writing copy for Great Lakes Mall..
a little piece of my heart goes into this one!
Are you kidding?
In Oregonia, that will get you laid.
In the yurt.
And if you're a lesbian?
UHaul time!
It's gonna be a fun trip to the war zone today, I can tell already
I want cold stone /:
Weed doesnt change you...
you just start realizing alotta shit
we jus have hella angels close eyes bows head
Uh oh pizza here smash time
come here!!!
Thoroughly addicted to doctorwSomething ...
Who else is playing??
What's the biggest thing that happened in Az hip hop so far in 2k12
cause I'm cool like that..neenier neenier neenier
The messed moment wen u say some on look Gud and it turns out they the same sex as u
spinach noodles are soo good
watch that liver bro!!
Loo
I get hurt pretty easily.
I'm emotional.
I take things to heart.
It's how I am, and if that's something you don't like, then leave me alone.
omg my mom hacked my account right then
If the party really was that great, you probably wouldn't have taken the time to update your Facebook status on how great the party is.
Getting started on new tunes with , today!
Boom!
I think the main reason why homeless people are so poor is because they only ever ask for small change.
They should aim higher
Man I wish someone would have got knocked out lol
there are some ambitious college guys out there studying too.
come for the ride lata
Yep.
refuses to go in that direction.
Someone should attack that problem again
At last break Chef Mike had 32k and the combo of John Dolan and me had 30.
Know of a business who wants to run a local dailydeal with ?
Introduce me and if they run with us YOU get 50!
Oh dear, I just got that Dear xx pitch, too...
just came thru the lab to hear the new beats Equator Line!!!
Eeeeeaaasssttt!!!
A Black President who does nothing to addoctorss the historic racial divide simply makes things worse, as it gives credence to the status quo.
The baltimore jury duty system was almost as amazing as I thought it would be.
Twice in 16 months in a city that has 600,000 people...ugh...
The problem with Nice and Cannes is who will want to stay inside and play poker?
Getting my twitpic account set up on my phone.
You can ignore random photo links, or enjoy them as they should be enjoyed.
:
Can Tony Danza actually speak the English Language?
Sincere condolences to Bob Uecker and his family at the passing of his son Steve.
Our prayers are with you and yours Ueck.
Lol!!!!
Oh you think so?
omg your so cute .
3
Great seats!
Enjoy the game!
Look forward to tweeting this season!
On ThankfulThursday, thankful to our friends at Thanks especially to Beth!
Cool surprise coming very soon plus the release of the new poster.
And as always thank you all for the support!!
God Morning World!!!
Let's make a great day on purpose....
I totally agree I'm ready to passout!
good just making sure lol ;
This movie is some form of cruel punishment
If you're a cat you can't say YOLO 
Focus on being Competitive, Not Comparative.
Will legal/judicial principals applicable to traditional software licensing apply fully to SaaS subscriptions?
Registered for I get to take a choochoo!
Have fun as you fly...
May the 4th be with you!!!
hello outhere twitter friends..wet and raining..
yuck..
where did my sun!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
go
Mane this my status update in awhile thats probably whhy i dnt got no followers
take that you facebook pokers.
think it's a pretty big stretch to accuse the graphic of demonizing in the context of the story
I think let stand in microwave means don't sue us when you burn the crap out of your mouth.
yes, I'm with both of you, but for the base openstreetmap map I think we need to come up with something.
Hi, !
Thanks for finding me here!
You look like a great follow, too!
niggas need to PUT UP or SHUT UP .......
today1.9 million signatures recalling Gov Scott Walker.
my union files for an election.
OH YOU CAN'T SCARE ME I'M STICKING WITH THE UNION.
you guys look great.
What a fun show this morning.
Have a wonderful weekend.
I love strawberries.
I didn't get in free at lions tigers bears butt hole!
i need to be a AR i know hits and talent and bullshit.
Who i need to have a meeting with.
what station?!?
I think it's awesome that has a Director of Social Media  DigiCom.
easy now, Debbie downer.
;
Gonna go watch Doctor Who.
:
Guess I'm going to The Y Hate hooping in hot weather
Brad Meltzer: Your words are your power.
Thank the people who have shaped you.
Change the world around you.
running on caffine fumes and prayer today.
yes If you like?
Early Morning Dolls.
6AM flight to Chicago :
Clean and Detail Your Own Car to Save Money  Lifehacker
I'm out here crying I'm so mad..
I'm bout to mush this girl in her face
This weeken it bout to be good going to the mountains and then already got da plans for spring break with bout to be hype:
Um I'm thinking straight to Paris from India for my Birthday.
Anyone have recommendations on what to see and do?
There is no duty we so underrated as the duty of being happy.
By being happy we sow anonymous benefits upon the world.
Morning Tweeter Peeps!
Where words fail, music speaks.
Yes the island was hell
Goodness its windy today
agustin39;s blog: Researchers build optical transistor out of silicon ...
Yeaa ii seen it .
what made you chanqe it ?
And that wasn't spam haha.
Guys u'll enjoy the video
Can we share Crucify as OUR jam?
Love it.
Can't wait to check out the documentary.
Ve u looked  his batting average the last 3yrs: He's a better hitter than this though.
I am a little shocked.
Dear guy on the dance floor 'raising the roof', your not raising your chances of being laid.
Ryan: Ayn Rand ...
did a fantastic job of explaining the morality of capitalism individualism.
The awkward moment when you don't know one of your brothers science definitions...what the hell is fulcrum?
Thank you for all your support over the years!
Do you have my new single, No Fear?
Thanks again!!
lol yea I know not happy bout it
I sent u a bbm request.
u ignore it yo
A 1st for us: glutenfree, vegan, sugarfree, organic Oatmeal Fudge Chocolate Chip cookies, coming out of oven as we tweet.
Available now!
Overlaying campaign SuperPAC contributions with where Obama fundoctorises using GeoCommons with
Hope you had a great day!
Interactive is essential.
Imagine a perilouslooking trapeze changing/shifting in sync w/ performer.
haha yea well that's nice!
I mean I like traveling..
Meeting new ppl, seeing new places, but it's also good to have a break :
Why did I wake up with Bone Thug's For the Love of Money in my head?
Is that today's theme, lol?
I miss BlockBuster.
I wish we still had one in decatur.
You miss EVERY shot you DON'T TAKE.
Freshamn get on my nerves tbh.
They don't know how to act most of the time.
whens this storm going to come?!
And yeah, this is the worst I'm having to deal with.
I should be extremely happy.
I am not.
Deal...or don't.
hey girl!!
Miss ya.
Hope everything is going good.
:
Just another manic Monday....
absolutely BS.
Problem is all companies make their crap worse  worse to squeeze more professorts.
DukeEnergy sucks!
thanks for the follow.
Funny jokes, good job.
What happened to the Dude from Back to School that isn't Rodney Dangerfield, RObert Downey, or Billy Zabdka?
will be able to make it better for you tomorrow night!
Sorry about the shutdoor from club tonight.
Way to end it Corey, but....
RT Please let Rickie's hand be okay.....
:/
so much pain /
justin i luv u loads im ur biggest fan i'll luv to meet u in perso if i could x JB love ive got bieber fever x
I like Stockstill, desrvs a shot but prefer to bring in new blood, ideas.
Need to change culture
you told us to come here for news about operations but no news for a month and your servers are down.
2nd morning in a row.
Oh, the Transseparatists are going to hate this show.
Just the title will wrangle them.
Hoping for no doctorma tonight.
Same here, happy New Year.
Don't look now but the Astros are creeping.
33 games back
Sanduk Ruit: Nepal's quot;Magicquot; Surgeon Brings Light Back To Poor  International Business Times
That couch has never looked so cool.
For those of us who need numbers to back up the benefit of meditation,here there are http: www.naturalnews.com/031228meditationbrain.html
I would...
But i aint doctornking for no irish man.
I miss talking to you.
Why do you think there was a 37 increase in injuries from 20052008?
SAME.
Thank goodness for podcasts and live tweets on
i think i just revived them :D
Awesome class with Danielle!
Thanks for everything!
Its our picture day also
Tanning while listening to 11:11 :
infected anal gland, had to be extracted and flushed.
Hi tweet me.
Jb fans follow l follow back :

I feel u brah on that me time shyt...fuck around n hit dat jack pot.
movie after movie nikkas can't
the tweets have definitely slowed down since 3 hours ago.
everyone is sleeping.
America39;s Undiscussed Pregnancy Problem
: I cheated on my fears, broke up with my doubts, got engaged to my faith and now I'm marrying my doctorams.
Acting out in mother's clothes, doctoraming doctoraming no one will ever know
lol the free gift with the purchase of a nickelback ticket is another ticket straight to HELL free of charge
Aha i just remembered me  's conversation about buying a pony  naming it sparkles BucketList :
Bahrain government moves to disband Shia opposition
I hate that people think I'm mean and they never even got to know me!
Maybe I should smile more!
Cause I'm really nice!
I think maybe you're right!
Thanks Kells :D
I have a twitter, therefore follow me.
I am this year.
Im transfering next year
Loving today
RT : Grab a pizza from Mike and Aaron at Fireside!
Sounds Great!!
I need a female who can shoot video.
I'm shooting a bachelorette boudoir party that will be put up on YouTube...
please send me referrals!
Good luck!
RT It seems like I'll be having to head out to Chad earlier than I thought for Darfur United.
Wow.
Gotta move.
Loading day!
We begin rehearsals for ART at the Cultural Arts Center today Preview Fri evening, 2/10.
Official opening on Sat, 2/11
If a guy wants you, nothing can keep him away from you.
If he doesn't want you, nothing can make him stay.
THIS!
RT NevaTrustAGirl who is a Chicago bears fan
Tonight, at The Republic House!
Start time 8:30p for food  doctornks and CT4 live!
12333 West Avenue
I saw at Village Pizza tonight :P I don't watch kickin it but I recognize him.
I 33 village pizza sandwiches :D
RT : Girls with pretty smiles are my weakness....
same with boys!!!
RT : found that 13 of ppl exp homelessness in the rva region have gone through a foreclosure
Whitey's caught, OJ confesses, what's next?
S/O To on da inquiry
I hate seeing victoria's secret models.
Not every girl looks like that
Just overheard this.
Guy 1: What's a good stock that's cheap?
Guy 2: One that will shoot up, like, today?
Guy 1: Yeah, that one.
you're the man hulk.
keep at it.
id love to tatt you next time you're ready.
When I hear that sound its either a teenagers rice burner with a folgers can muffler or someone is trimming their hedges 
your a mom and its a parent thing your baby is not a baby anymore :
Very tired.
Sleep would be a wonderful thing.
Caffeine and rehearsal will have to do.
and I were talking about how he looks so different without it!
Hahah
I knew it had to do with the darkest timeline!
Oh god yes.
RT GO to The Counter El Segundo TONIGHT for 1 Mudslinger Brown Ale  2 Hinano Tahitian Beer 4PMCLOSE.

your show is part of the healing and moving forward process.
Here's to your mom.
:
OMG!
You are talented.
That's beautiful!
Am not free at 4 pm today.
May be best to email or I am free at 3 pm today.
thanks hope all is well with u!
Can't get my darn twitter acct to work....let's try again...
The Western Conference is likely to represented by a weak team.
The 40 win Kings or the 42 win Coyotes?
Yikes.
Cuy especially!
Where are you in Peru currently?
Beyonce did that!!!!
Good luck today and with your audition for the X Factor!!!
Your going to be great!!
:
Thank god im leaving campus.:
Doin good its Friday, you
Thanks for the follow
Morning world :D I sleep a beauty queen after her big win 
Interview portion of documentary being shot next weekend, this week will b dedicated to research and fine tuning Q  A
e.
I ask you to receive and love him.
His name is Jesus Christ.
Now say quietly: You can enter, Lord, I need you, cleanse my heart with your
Did you know that magnesium is 30 lighter than aluminum.
And getting not that much production from Elton Brand
Waiting for to take the stage
I pregammed my einsteins this morning with a mcdouble
im so sorry chica.
I wouldnt have paid her after that.
Did u?
it's OK.
Everybody already knows to not go to you for your hockey knowledge.
North korea launched.....good job Obama
Thanks for choosing to make us a part of your evening!
Fellow creative types will agree  : Sleeping is no mean art: for its sake one must stay awake all day.
listening to i love her music: IM A SWIFTY!
Mob thru brooklyn; I am clod hearted; I seek up on you like japan did pearl harbor...
I am fire stater back doctorft lol blancos !!!
Such a nerd my mom got me sweet new pens for Easter
ThingsIReallyCantStand people who think they're better than you so they think it's okay to be rude to you.
That's why we're planning on NOT requiring a log in to make an online purchase.
However,
That really should have read
Hey everyone!
let's start a Trend!
Stuco gets me so excited for senior year!
:
and i'ma be in the library tomorrow if u wanna get on
At board meeting for Progressive planning for the future!
Check out the preview for TransatlanticMore Never is Enough at www.radiantrecords.com.
Presales began today....
Releases on Oct 25th.
Style points for citing a 1973 article from L'Homme!
hey guys do me a favor and retweet my last tweet if you agree.
I dont think im the only one.
got a new LG TV, screen was cracked and not from shipping, LG will not warranty it.
Shame on you for building your product in Mexico.
this week in US History I am teaching Reconstruction
Unfortunately as long as guys like Pedoctor Gomez are voting, deserving players will be left out due to unwarranted suspicion...
think you should prove yourself first my man then make whatever you want!
Actual ad for seminar: Account Management for Marketing Communications Firms Like Your's is Getting Tougher.
Next seminar: spelling.
Amazing bands playing today at the Phoenix Epilepsy Walk for Epilepsy Awareness Month Thank you and for performing!
Andy Samberg...where do you live in this city.
We have to go on a date.
It just has to happen.
I feel like I have so much cleaning to do.
I just don't have to motivation to do it.
sht!
Id rather be in miami then in this litle hoedunk town!
Lol
Check your link.
Funny how 1 missing letter can really change the message ha!
I will but later hahaha coz he's mad at me for some reason hahahah
Just got word that we will be on Fox 34 news this Thursday with Nicole Garza!
Live on location !
6:30am9am.
that's the dumbest thing ever, he's basically TRYING to get people to pirate movies going forward.
Taking pics in the photo shoot with him playing with the ball singing dancing talking yeah:
Remember happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have; it depends solely on what you think.
Dale Carnegie
That's what we like to hear!
:
You can blame Chris and Jack for that one.
Chris for getting married and Jack for picking this weekend for the bachelor party.
Be our 100th follower  recieve a FREE 20 minute, 2needle, Stress Reduction treatment!
Thanks my fav ATL doll: : Off to the tropical beaches bye bye US see u soon.
Have a safe  fun trip honey!
u look so familiar
Hard to get back into the swing of twitter, when I've been off for a while.
Omg RT : panfried, seasoned white fish on corn tortilla, w/ shredded cabbage, avocado, cilantro,  yogurt lime sauce
No but seriously, this is about to get hella messy.
Idk what to do .
wonder how the social security is a ponzi scheme will play in the florida primary.
So, who did you find?
re: museum tweeters
how many games did Syracuse lose by 30 points?
When ever is Back in Chicago im there.
Everytime i see yall in concert its just an EPIC experience each time.
I wish that all the ladies were bells in a tower...
I hope comes to DC on his Buried Alive tour.
You should post recommendations.
My book club is meeting tonight to discuss 50 shades and I want to impress them w/ good smut.
Good luck, Griffin!
Get after it!
itsawkwardwhen some farts in the subway!
In
S/O thanks luv!!
we are always running for the thrill of it, thrill of it!
Accessability wise...not politically!
you're obese
youre a bitch
I feel like my tweets mean nothing...
they are fun, but nobody reads them...
so why am I typing this.
It's like a parodox...
A Wise man once said Increase the Peace!
Silence the Violence!
To all HR Managers, save time now you can order your Birthday Office cakes with us  8554544500 will deliver it to You ,.
!!!!
it was ok...
Cam Gigandet is total eye candy.
Last day of spring break, going to the mall with my best friend.
Tony Horowitz is as witty on the stage as he is on the page
My nails are all ugly and messed up now!
D:
Bret Victor gives two different talks at Berkeley this week, and I miss both due to scheduling conflicts.
bummed.
Hoping that everyones friday has started out well so far.
Weekend Special on Music Videos of all types.
250.
includes one HD camera setup with lighting w/ video editing.
Contact 412.417.0952
: Calvin Johnson, Hines Ward and Orlando Hudson all in The Jungle today..
Gotta listen to my dude Megatron!!!!
That was the best shower of my life 
lol you both said that!
You're right, that's where the weirdest freaks are too!
Lamar, where's my Harper's?
I go by the same theory.
happy Holidays
Shakespeare is the most quoted author in the English speaking world.
It would be hard to find a 
Design Tip: Clear out the clutter in one of your rooms to feel refreshed for the new year.
booboo Stewart and Justin bieber3
Good morning, morning
haha why's that then  I passed it x
Nope!
Just need to be in the general vicinity and serving Milwaukee area brides.
Just added you!
:
Thx for mention!
Proud to see the amazing in the line up for CMF12.
Hat's off to new voices in causemarketing and
Crab cakes and boiled shrimp for dinner with Jimmy Buffet background music.
Tampa, FLA style.
Pour me another so I can forget you now
who cares!
It's not like I'm going to date the kid
RT : Is This the Ugliest Mona Lisa?, A Presidential Vacation Art Guide for Obama, and More MustRead Art News:...
also I am hungry.
Headed to Phoenix and Denver for sportsbiz meetings through Monday.
Annual conference week follows.
Busy is an understatement.
Ok, time to head out.
Nervous as fucking fuck.
how else is he going to make you nervous about the incredible destructive force and beauty of a thunderstorm?
Damn Bulls what a disappointment..
It's Saturday night in Vegas, I want to do something!
Any suggestions?
Another sunny day!
New obsessions:
Q: What's your big wish for 11.11.11.
day?
Make it a great day!
I'm into doctornking my coffee black.
thanks!
who knew the king county courthouse could be so romantic?
;
Checking the gate/chip, speed, reset, hot tips...etc.
:
same problem here D:
When gum looses its flavor
that would look great on the wall in my living room behind your Macfarlane's!
Lebron brought his talents to south beach, too bad he forgot to bring them to the finals.
go follow plz...
i just wanna jerk ;D
Ha!
RT Bruce Wyman, digital strategy speaker at MW2012 by day, closeted auctioneer by night.
I think you're right.
For the record, I wouldn't mind a little Outback in this town either.
March and Rally with Librarians this Labor Day!
More info at www.savethelibrary.org.
Big Bang Theory and Mountain Dew!
:
wherebouts?
It was like a candy store on Atlantic n Cyphris n Fulton Ave was off the hook!!!
U wz wit Monkey r Treeno?
Did you know we have build your own Pasta bowl.
Come in try it, we know you will love it.
Getting ready to go to a graduation party for one of my girlfriend's friends.
Why do I feel so old?
haha!
When I get back home from vacation, I'm goiing to go on a diet
wish I could get there but they've just cancelled hundoctords of flights : I wish I could be there have a wonderful day
Mebe just for a lil bit...
my mantra, with a few excpetions of course.
Thanks to all my followers.
thanks for the FF :
I fucking hate waking up in the morning more than I hate my worst enemy
I think coding is from the coding sheets used to mark punch cards.
Hire a great ape to do your coding.
You guys are smarter than that.
researching CIA mind control experiments in the 60's.
Very Interesting.
My next run will be from Lake Mills High School at 4:50pm.
Any Bunny there ?
are you coming to my spin class tomorrow with ?
thank you
Shawty go hard concrete
son  I watching chelsea vs arsenal on ESPN.
Good soccer in action.
Thanks for the follow
Best in Albuquerque...great customer service, we've used them multiple times for repairs and they did an excellent job.
Pricey but worth it
So thats all I can think of it a mc chicken.
But seriously, , Ill miss you!
I have no idea what Romney said on that clip....
OO huh?
okay, I'm also eating chips...
:
So the man that destroyed companies, shipped jobs overseas  robbed hardworking Americans of their retirement  wants to fix the economy?
is it ready yet:
your a god
You are welcome Enjoy the weekend 
RT if you think TWITTER is addictive!
missed you last night at the poshparty  I'm in Eli withdoctorwl  let's plan a catch up date!
you have the best tweets :
this is gonna be a funny night probably gonna lay someone out this should be good 
It's weird in Sweden how they ALWAYS seem to ask about food allergies without even any prompting in restaurants.
Jersey shore time
night night 3
I didn't even notice retweeted me.
He followed tweeted and retweeted me all in a week.
Omg333
Shopping with Samantha Allen!!!
Lift off
Huge, huge game.
70 of African American Women are unmarried?!?!?
African American Men
but none of us have school, so why should we?
We can sleep all dayy.
oh no, that's effed up.
Does the camera shop have security video so the cops could find this person?
Just got home3 :
business good ride or die ex mgr personal controlin women don't mix folks gotta know they rolelane.ijs
that's unfortunate, you should tell him how you feel
I just saw a dead kitten.
I just got really sad.
:/
I'm sure it was some kind of accidental oversight by the Emmy people!
:
I cut my own hair  it looks good!!!
yes, it's part of the new NBA Gametime app but costs 45 for the season.
i dare you to retweet this and follow me...
I bet you 10000 dollars you wont though.
sigh
...and yet those recently deceased are called late.
Therefore an early shade is all the more awkward...
engagement was a push too.
we get a new word and it's like a shiny new pet.
You still looking for a place in May?
Ima talk to my dudes.
We had some nice recordings with the smi eyetracking glasses at lund eyetracking academy in lund
thx love!
Happy to have you on our team...
Amaze job this week!
Def.
needed you;
Bout to catch the Midnight Showing of Hunger Games with the crew!!
Should be good!!!!
thanks very much buddy!
RT Big wish of the day: Talk in court IF a jury gets seated today trial's opening statements could begin late this afternoon.
Hell is where the chefs are British, the mechanics French, the lovers Swiss, the police German, and it's all organized by the Italians..haha
Never seen someone ask to give another person his 'coldest regards'..
All my electronic devices are going so slow today.
Looks like you are doing great work!
How can I be of assistance?
last song of 1st set on fat tues in Madison, I jumped off a short bench.
Landed wrong.
Boom.
Right knee.
Going for mister today.
Thanks!
you too!
jhumda I like following Great info related to class.
ShelsOnSunday 3000 downloads  views..
lets keep it going!!
awesome!!
Cant wait!
See you there!
Someone just texted me and said It's a boy!
and I don't have a clue who it is.
Uhh....Congratulations?
Good news everyone has taken over the web building duties!
As a cofounder member and main artists contributor we are very excited!
Oh so excited for work today..oh wait..
I'm just ready to move and get things going
Hey G you making it out to practice tomorrow!?
Good 2 c u there!
I can seriously barley breathe..
Iloveyou so much
Oh shit me either lol I'm still at work : I have an hour and 15 mins to go :/
I want to get the fuck out here.
1 more day until Christmasany Christmas Eve plans?
Everyone go follow , so he will have 5k followers and go to sleep.
:
Got a PINK paw cake order for a lucky doggie whoohoo Atlanta dogs 
When you get right with yourself you will meet the right people.
What do you think of ?
I gave it a whirl, but didn't get sucked in.
The thought of me being happy slowly disappears the moment I think about you :/
And that's all she wrote.
Playoffs?
See ya!
I've joined HDiplo.
The world has ended.
SHUT UP FRANKIE!
I hate you for that tweet.
The afterparties are going to ROCK!
Buying a VIP pass gives you access to all things Festival!!
what's her twitter?
Hiya new followers.
:3 welcome to Jessicaville.
definitely !
Need to get this brace off and then Ill be a chillin machine !
Moving onto Q  A.
Madelou's been asked if the medium of cell phones changes the story
even if i popped some pills i wouldnt tap that : lmao
Georgia and meridian
But nothing can be changed until it is faced
just finished a break practicing Beethoven's Moonlight Sonata.
My pinkies are sore from that octave 1 reach!
Back to homework...
Although my mileage is a little down this week it was a good week.
1 long run 1 hill workout  1 interval session.
not French but i know French :
is now a TRUE PAKALITE!!!www.cdbaby.com/pakman1
i love u twitter followers u make my day
Hey!
Chinquapin School in Houston TX.
How are you?
I looked into Big Data for edu, we're really far away.
So much more would need to happen through apps.
Convo is premature.
Fortunately, as we all learned from the conductor, you can get close to Sea World on the trolley, which you can get to from the train.
Once again, the Rangers PK is significantly more dangerous than their PP on offense.
oh, us too!!
RT : Best thing about Mondays?
Relaxing to a new ep of at the end of the day.
Sometimes I hear you calling From some lost and distant shore I hear you crying softly for the way it was before
Getting ready to attend a webinar on social media strategy for business...
Hope to learn lots!
it is getting toasty outside perfect beachday ft lauderdale
The is this week !
Weather is perfect and the golf should be even better.
Good luck to all of the players!
Fire Fighters Issue Statement on the Death of Osama bin Laden
Jersey, i'm coming for you.
5 year old girl riding bike, helmet had a tiara on top of it
Packing up the apartment.
Looking forward to the future.
:
MUHH EYES HURT.
I need sleep, goodnight.
that's certainly the case up in Portland.
iPhone users thought we was special lol U can still b LAME usin whatever phone u use!
What's da debate about?
Good Luck!
Put him in a body bag johnny Brandon's favorite line from this movie
.........O.K.
Richards is a HGP, The Timbers Cheat,.....
can we get back to complaining about MLS scheduling already???
Of course he did.
That's awesome.
YouNowAskAlexandoctorbert How tall?old are you and Robert?
Dude, can't wait for this RT : May 8th 2012...b  Release date?
RT2WIN Contest coming up soon!
Who do you want to see at for FREE?!
Stay Tuned...
Oh snap, diddy jump!
Watching Game of Thrones with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Love your POV.
Ever heard of 60s Sandstone Retreat?
Gay Talese wrote in Thy Neighbor's Wife.
I wrote a screenplay.
Pajamarama Banjo Jam Band.
Yup, that's us.
PJBJband
You only live once.
sure are you depositing the money into my account??
;
Congrats.
Well deserved.
You're going to crush it.
I have no doubt.

What was your question that she says you didn't answer?
people chill all night at a club but wont wake up to go to church.
you coulda been raped or shot.
you ignore the one who watched over you!
TRUTH Some people linger in our lives.
Its best we ignore them.
RT: if u dont entertain a fool eventally they go away!!
Wife always said chorizo is the kind of thing that sneaks up on you at night.
Brewers WheresChorizo promo proves it.
Ever had questions about the structure  functionality of public spaces in KC?
Get answers today with a Brown Bag Lunch Talk 122
And what is your favorite English phrase?
I'm torn between We're freeing up your trust fund and We have an open marriage.
fingers crossed for something really great that I have been working on to happen.
PLEASE HAPPEN!!!
Hahahahaha!
I love you man!
nisoEbook Eschenfelder rent vs loan anxiety goes back to 1990s citation databases, ejournals.
Licenses initially viewed as nonnegotiable.
Oh my.
good choice!
you will now live to see another day.
didn't notice, but I'm thinking not.
oard how you get in?
help ah nigga out
I can't tell you the last time I bought a pair of sneakers...probably over 5 yrs ago..I just don't wear them like that.
It's official...I have a tapeworm.
That's the only explanation for the nonstop eating...I've named him Rupert!
Can't wait
Ok RT : I woulda called 2Pac westside but he did get around b4 landing there.
Kurrupt also they both west coast
Sorry, I chuckled while reading this and the idea struck me.
Please forgive my mad bit of Interweb tomfoolery.
big booty chick back a nigga to the wall
I hate waitinq, but for u i'll wait the lonqest b/c babe ik ur worth it3
My life is an incarceration.
Are you just doctornking margaritas the entire time you are there?
it's cuz you taste so good.
DONE WITH AP EUROPEAN HISTORY FOR LIFE.
THANK YOU GOD!
RT : Watching shoot threes at practice warms my heart.
Spurs/Grizzlies
Coming up at 6:30 Eddie Johnson talks about the tough decision to retire
Restoring AD for a customer, with Commvault.
Can't.believe this is it for
I hope will get a hat trick to win today.
lol c'mon fellas!
gotta respect these ladies, they belong to the Lord
keep up the good work, yo boy H
I'm watching with a short delay so we'll sometimes hear yells from the guy downstairs.
It's rather funny.
We are proud to be a part of Asheville Earth Day.
obviously needs more eyeballs on her blog, FB, HuffPo articles.
we are watchin too!!
I was hopin Gordon was gna be in that first wreck.
Still more time!!
I have developed a list of 27 reasons why the Flyers lost last night.
You do a damn good job RT Gotta keep my body sexy
Finally nailed double unders.
Took me months, but finally got it!
thanks for coming !
It was great to see you!
Thanks for the FF shout out!
It seems like the last couple of times I've been there I've ended up seeing you, working or not, heh.
lmao.
did mommy ever give yours back
Poised Creation network is continuing to be built.
I hate when I leave pills in my mouth when I'm going to get a doctornk.
Nice to meet more fellow writers:
Charities and care providers claim that eight hundoctord thousand people are lonely, isolated and at risk.
Im so bored!:/
We are here if you need us oklahomahomerepair.com.
Have a great day and God bless.
Tonight ku will show everyone that he is the greatest basketball coach of all time.
He can win with any 5 players you give him.
Ladys Follow My True Bro Real Nigga Baby...
GoodNight yall I tried.
I voted for all day today I hope we win and get that USTREAM 143 stay mindless please follow back
Gonna have to add a finding a fucking seat at Starbucks line to my invoices.
Ugh
OMG, it doesn't get any more cute than that.
333
The best way to contact me is via email at helpteamtreehousecom  thanks!
Pop up sale in East Atlanta Village.
Fri  Sat, 12 to 8 pm at 493 Flat Shoals Road.
Designer clothing, shoes and vintage starting at 5.
I TOLD YOU...I CAN'T YELL AT YOU WITHOUT ACTUALLY YELLING...
Great one handed catch tonight...that was sick..
Yup....just had examples of odd and even numbers explained to us.
what is your favorite music score in a film?
wow he wont to kik it wit me i bet he thinks hes gonna git sum lol that will take time he cant play wit me thats old news i need new news
Who wants to give 3 desperate guys a ride to java jam?
RT : There's still time  room to join me  for our Connect Membership Dinner!
Doors open at 5pm!
Shes got you high and you don't even know yet
I find my phone only rings when I am in the shower.
Dame watching the Nightmare Before Christmas lol wondering what Vinny's doing lol i love u
We need to do something together
M Goodmorning world!
Guess I should get up!
he is going to play 3B.
The news just said he doesn't like it, but he is going to do it...
Happiness lies in good health and a bad memory.
Ingrid Bergman
get it!
be safe on ya doctorve back
If childoctorn hear fine music from the day of their birth and learn to play it, they develop sensitivity, discipline and endurance.S.
Suzuki
Very cool!
Let's go play in the water, you can borrow my rolling stone tshirt
Going to spin class tonight...with my dad Oo
I was subbed to about 300 channels.
I can't get into the old channel to see who all was there.
So true!
RT : Every hightech option needs a low tech backup.
Dependent white woman: so either you're dusty or disrespected?
....
hai sending you fan mail I hope you reply !
:
Lovely!
I am not a LV shopper but those windows are truly inspiring.
I hope one day you'll walk by in
Today: dance audition on pointe, stunt class and bellydancing!
Love busy days!
Football is gayer than I am.
Weird, it just made me ever more hungry...
I turned my television to the ENCORE channel just in time to see Beyonce kill a bitch in the movie Obsessed
Good thing I have as my best friend .
I'd probably get jumped every day at school otherwise lmao
oh she can
q3 orgs should use twitter for interactive chat with customers.
Had great response from US Air a few weeks ago.
Yay!
DVR set!
RT I'm on tomorrow at 11am with cute kids in adorable spring fashions!
10 kids in 1 studio...
twas lovely seeing you two!
What is your take on the Forprofessort EDU sector if student loan rates go up?
Don't have a son to take to work, so I brought the SUN out.
You're welcome.
Enjoy him quickly, because he's likely to take a nap this PM.
Now yer talkin!
: ..Both???
RT:: Coffee flavored pizza, or pizza flavored coffee, for breakfast?
thanks.
i'll try my bestest :
gettin ready to go home wassup with u
Come see the Go Fast Pass promotion next Thursday at the Steel City Pregame ESPN 1360am!!
I'll Dm you it.
Okay.
so..
just created Facebook and Twitter Google business pages...
thought I'd see how long I can hold on to them lol
One door closed a few more opened
I saw Skull and I was like oh shit I have to watch this.
:p
Just received my third Grove  I just have a really quick question re my tax return...
text of the day.
Happens every year.
Happy to help!
its actually the wizards
Lazy days, beautiful nights, bachy hair, water fights, hot guys, tanned skin, schools out, SUMMERS IN.
LEGGINGS ARE PANTS.
Period.
so are white washed jeans.
Perfect spot for accountant, want to be close to Old Town, I40 and hub zone, starting 299 dm me if interested
I want it to be friday.
These week feels long it only tuesday!
That's wat happens when youngins try to be adults too quickly
Lmao inmyfeelings RT I feel like a conversational lush RT : your intoxicating my mind
what was the adapter you use to display your iPad screen today?
Does it work for iPhones?
RT : Big Happy Birthday Shout out to my Dude Dyson!!!!
From The entire Citi Team!!!!
thank you lovely!
:
Finished shooting for the day  enjoying the beautiful weather in the market area of UnionSquare :
Just got it.
Not sure if we'll be able to get someone to your show, but we'll def try.
And we'll review CD/preview show too
Ah Punk you're so random
Reading whilst getting my tan on.
Follow me !!
thats my personal3
I heard 49pm on the Biden motorcade.
Can you confirm?
Poor Japan.
Hopefully things get settled and safe sooner than later.
CAUSE I SAID.
did u get my message babe?
:
So push itisn't seeing clearly key to CSL?
And the love of God undergirds most of his mission.
No?
And if no, why not?
:
Do you mean off of Cottonwood  Magnolia?
there's no way the new dark knight can be as good as the last one
alright then xD
Reminder: Regular Meeting tonight at 7:30.
We'll try to keep it brief so there is more time for hacking.
Barrett had an excellent day of campaigning.
Wiunion has your back, as you move Wisconsin FORWARD The focus is on Friendship and Good.
Seriously considering seeing The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel while friends watch The Avengers on Saturday.
WHAT, GET OFF MY LAWN!
The strong Catholicism in Cuba testifies: Cuba is Communist b/c those controlling world Democracy had no love/concern 4 the Cuban poor.
Otis: Dad tried putting a collar on me and every time I bark something on the floor bites me.
I can't find whatever is biting me!!
Hm
Hmm...I tend to think it would make them more relevant as long as they stay tuned in and advanced in trends and culture lb
next goal 11million followers...lol...no chance of following back me....follow please!!
Have a great Friday and a relaxing weekend.
See ya!
RT : New York city 
Just got my Cupcake to eat as I watch CBS Two Broke Girls, Tonight on CBS.
So excited can't sleep I wonder if he'll see his shadow
This Aint The End,,.............Im More Like The Must Be Continued Issue.
What douches.
What did they expect if they didn't want to help you promote the show??
I covered ur rally today.
Regardless of u feel about her stance, how is it appropriate for you to label that way?
Katherine perry !!!
LMFAO
Amazing!
how are you??
:
lol im just sayin yeah its fun to do trust me but damn
RT THIS GET DAYdoctorAMING TRENDING!!!!
thank you Irene.
Bless you.
:
Despite the loss, we still love this team.
Time to really get it back together and win some games.
At least it wasn't a shutout.
Day off today, hot outside today trying to get the car wahed  waxed.
Now, sitting on the back deck B.S'ing with friends.
I'm kind of loving this weather
SuperBowl weekend...
A low carbers nightmare.
Don't worry there are good low carb foods that are football related.
Chili is mans best bet!
The greatest oak was once a little nut who held its ground.
Looking for new technical writing opportunities.
Ok lesson learned...
Don't book jazz gigs in Kentucky.
Lexington is dead town.
Glad I'm out of there.
Never again.
Got carried away cherryjam cultured butter w/sea salt, WG, tofu, hummus, sprouts galore!!
i got this feeling that someone knows my password for fb
should arrive nearly on time after all.
If you don't get it then you probably don't got it...
.RT : Audio is terrible.
Everyone sounds like they have a tiny little man trapped in their pocket, trying to be heard.
ADD ME ON FACEBOOK IF U HAVENT ALREADY FOR 21 AND UP www.facebook.com/ChristNazon
Seeing all the new messages make my day.
:
We'll be at the Lehigh Valley Autism Walk in a week.
Can't wait to see everyone there.
get to see my sister today and hopefully my two wonderful nephews.
:
Out and about downtown.
Hello Sarah, thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to sharing.
Are there any Pirates fans left after yesterday?
Not if that is what she wants.
If she is motivated, I foresee a wellrounded adult.
matt b, you still need followers, lmfaooo
Big debut performance today for Jerry Brown!
Send us your love.
yikes!
At least you had an amazing dinner and lots of applesauce.
Stay safe :
missed the inaugural lunch in UTC w BoudinsIs2PACtoUS!
let me know as soon as you look it up!
:
Haven't tweeted in YEARS...
Jazz/Funk tonight at 8pm.
Find out who runs the world!!
IF YOU HATE JUSTIN BIEBER OR SELENA GOMEZ I HATE YOU!:
: Morning peeps!
Morning
dexter is getting sick as hell!
Good stuff Wayno!
damn , we're moving a couple of blocks away not to mars
do it.
You have nothing to lose.
15ReasonsToLovePrinceton he's sweet and loving ....
Watching on WPXI just made my really miserably night a whole lot better.
Yeah, Sun Diego sells a ton of Toms, they told me in Dec.
why people be spellin like this?
they put you in english class for a reason.
''Diszz Shiid Isz whadd i khall swaqq''.
seriously?
lmao
imma add you on this girl ellie ok fb,and talk on there,k?
so embarassed about whatever happened during last night's halloween antics, don't remember a thing!
us too!
No big plans...
kind of like that way.
:
C'mon Buffs, figure it out
kidding melissa!
:D
Keys returned, cable box returned.
Officially a Watertown resident.
Now on to unpacking!
No excuses, No apologies.
why not sponsor kenseth all season?
class act, great racer, good pub 4 u!
I'm that guy that leaves just enough toilet paper on the roll to piss the next guy off.
The entire office is wearing flip flops...
like everyday.
You forget all the songs you were going to get on your iPod when you finally get to iTunes.
Life is too precious, do not ruin it.
He is not here!
He is risen!
Happy Easter everyone!
Hope u had a blessed day!
Just cried for a bout 5 min don't care not hiding it..You don't wannaa know what's going on with me then fuck it you don't care to even ask
After fighting traffic and getting my kid home, nanny left, told me to pay her on Sat.
Perfect.
Society will have collapsed by then.
Trade mission to China pays off, Idaho Gov.
Otter says  Chicago Tribune
hey are you in vt?
South st may have barely recovered from last night, but we're less then 3 hrs from starting all over again!
5 bands  Karaoke!!
Dobbs Rocks!
Midtown's Board meets Wednesday evening at 7:00pm at City Hall's Reeves Conference Room.
i love lady gaga
Okay....blake shelton just said sum big buff boi was fierce....lmao.
It is what it is.
Shows kikkin ass in Denver.
Spiteful Spitting
History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid.
Dwight D.
Eisenhower
OUCH!
sorry to hear that.
front door?
You missing something right, I got it...
flight wear.
:
Running the 5k leg of the Duke City Marathon tomorrow!
I noticed a promoted tweet this morning, super targeted to my interests on cc
Rock City is right save your money cat!
You'll be glad you did!
The highest review was like a D!!
:
I like that.
Nothing like some good old human capital.
Austin should come to Canada for a concert.
Heck, he should just go on a worldwide tour!
that's the Christmas special right.
Ahh I'm remembering now.
What's next for you?
I love these Twin Peaks!
With
yep that's why they wanted her out, all of'em was scared of her.
you're all I ever wanted
What makes me happiest right now is the ministry in which even in death Whitney's life has provided to the world.
This course in Thousand Oaks looks amazing.
What're your thoughts: KJ Choi or Tiger?
We think we understand the rules when we become adults but what we really experience is a narrowing of the imagination.
David Lynch
well he's a very cute friend ; looks like you're having fun!
Get ready DSM.
Happy Friday Stu!
Thanks for being so awesome!
:
says you.
Leading the witness?
A quick plea from a WI teacher: Don't vote for Barrett.
He is buddies w/ Chicago mayor that has made the Chicago teachers want to strike.
Yeah I have got more than 300 followers this is really great let's keep going leggo!!
Ps thank u to my followers you guys rock!!!
Good fellowship with some gr8 guys this morn..
one more follower dammit
I'm Glad I Had My Daddy,He Taught Me Never to Take Shit No Matter What Form it Came in, in There's More Than One Way to Make Money.
Don't forget.
I do, therefore, invite my fellow citizens in every part of the United States, and also
not that cool yet
As u always should RT : hey I say what I feel.
Lol
Hey guys sry i haven't been on i've been takin' a little break!
Anyone miss me?:
You could have your own reality TV show: Femme Eye for the Queer Girl!
follow back 
Teenagers Relationships should be mentored with care.
Who wants to be heartbroken in high school?
GirlsWithNoAss hey brighter note some guys are into that.
just not all :/
were thinking for Christmas were gonna do an acoustic song on Stickam for you guys!
WTF!!!
4 pc mcnugget is NOT on the dollar menu anymore!
Now they are 1.89.
JUST GOT IN CKRIB HAD TOOK BRU WIFEY TO THE HOSPITAL BEEN DEER SINCE 639 IN MORNING BT HM WHOS UP WITH ME .
hey what's up man
Im jamaican, so i guess thats why i take the heat so well.
:/
Jason Statham is probably so sore
Im tired of the guys i go for.
According to katy i need a black guy.
Ahhaha.
Followers, if you can hear me please ReTweet this!
I'll explain why in a little bit...
Really wants the iPhone 4S anybody want to go to ntelos with me?
Ntelos has 50.00 off all their iPhones!
Is one happy Saturday girl.
Peaceful.
Calm.
And that's ok.
I follow all my followers !!!!
I think it's a great idea  The city would benefit tremendously!
Rafael Furcal with a rather YuniEsquey play.
The NY Giants Are Gunna Win This Game...
I will be expecting you to bring us food every time you come over now...
sweet thanks.
Aw thanks Meg!
Forreal like that's her only kidoctor : why the fuck is TINY'S NAME ON TWITTER tinymajormama lmao
Williams sucks.
Two fair catches with no one close.
GO FOLLOW I'm 100 sure that she follow back 
R.I.P.
Whitney Houston CNN confirmed her death today at 48
You got that right.
:
Big Homer by Votto into the Apple!
That is an AllStar shot.
What is this rhythmic pounding coming from the neighbors?
Congrats to my friends , named best sports media in a fanvoted sports poll.
Thanks!
RT : Memory training course in the bank.
Hats off to for a job well done.
It's annoying as hell.
Are you kidding me?
Very impressed with She is awesome!!
I tried to think of the unique, besides South Beach.
Micro suits  club mixes meld into one blur eventually.
MWP will serve his last game of his 7 game suspension when Lakers play the Nuggets Thursday.
LA leads series 32.
At home!
Watching pretty little liars: have homework..
Gonna go ride 4 wheelers with my mom and shot guns later when it's not so dang hot!
thank you my friend!
Thank you for the inclusion in Experience Optimism!
Have a great week!
RT : It's almost here, commencing in less than 2 hours
That rumor alone makes me want to stop reading them haha
As a thank you to our followers, we're doing a book giveaway tomorrow!
Yes, a real book.
DFI is searching for like minded people who want a great organization to donate to...is that you?
thank you!
RT : There's an owl outside in the tree.
Apparently he only wants to know the answer to 1 question because he keeps saying WHO!?
Thanks for the follow!
If we can help you or your readers with funding let us know!
...that just sounds extremely creepy.
thanks for the ff love!
You guys rule...everyone go check if you haven't yet
.
Awesome...
You and your family should take a weekend break to my side of the mts and I'll get us a winery gig!
Lol
LMAO nigga stay off twitter then
A week from today is our first MOL session at 12:30  see you then
NowPlaying  StedE  Hybrid Heights  Bingo Players  Rattle
I'm finished with greedy XM.
If it confuses the Tea Party, go for it.
But then they need a recipe to make ice cubes.
Oh, man!!!
It figures!
haha
Lord, Please bless anyone who reads this.
Send Abundance to those who are lacking and Healing to those who are hurting.
hippies and idiots are magnetically attracted to you.
Thanks
Do not follow they aint TeamFollowBack!
On April 25 Cirque du Soleil, the show TOTEM arrives to San Diego.
Learn more about it in the March issue of Giving Back Magazine.
Sometimes the unbreakable breaks in half.
Currently working on cartoon posters for Norman's Farm Market...
Wed.
S.J.
football roundup: Adeyemo, NBC finish with flourish Tosin Adeyemo ran for more than 200 yards in his final high school football
Sir, you win the Wit Award for Tuesday, May 8.
growing up in Los Angeles, buying tortillas was never so difficult; you only had two choices: flour or corn.

i do this for tha music 
I was ready 2 punish
ah!
she's so gross!
Milwaukee Habitat volunteers!
Tell about how your volunteer to help our partner families to help us win 1,000
SO to Marquez for fighting a great fight too bad he got robbed by the current champ
it was kris jenner there not kim kardashian :
No lo creo!
Can ever one follow for me please
It hurts alot thou ..!
Nothing more evil you can say on twitter than RBI
I didn't put it on a flash doctorve, there was no room!
I'm gonna try again on Monday!
the outcome is much more important then the receipt!
Some of my best ideas come when I'm away from my desk.
Putting my shorts on backwards was not one of them.
New icon;
Have a great weekend!
Have a Great Day Sweetie
that really is awesome.
I think I've decided on my next tattoo
You know it's the end of the year when it's locker clean out day
Yo,do u have a contact for production?
On that note, I've had a migraine all day...
Probably from barely sleeping all week, so I'm going to bed...
at 7pm...
Goodnight:
maybe he won't find out what I know..I hope he is a gentlemen.
I have to finish mocking jay tonight...
In Akron, OH you need a 15/ year license to own a home security system.
don't apologize!
the compliment was good enough!
3
Lets pick it up boys
You are a sweetheart!
Thank you for the RT Dale!
ha ha what a professorssional poser!
Cute
: TheVoice would be so much better if were a judge Absolutely!
Well said...
No one should vote for the republican party for ONE simple reason: THEY want to take away our right to vote!
ObamaBiden 2012 NO GOP!!
That was a valid point.
Thanks for sharing your opinion with us!
Thanks for the intro.
Hi Soon I'll have a blog up about freelancing ...
there's a vegan vegetarian group on
LIFE WOULD BE BETTER if I had a boyfriend....
A birthday party at 10am on a Sunday is so not cool!
Proactive IT for your small business.
what's tslv?
my dad dead tryna unconvince my aunt to come with me to campout for justin like STFUUUUUUU
middleschoolmemories....I was the girl no boy didn't want to talk to because I was the UGLY DUCKLING ..
now, LOOK AT ME N O W : :
Soccer training tonight for 3 teams in Boynton Beach.
Tony is a dork!
you don't say that!!
Do the good folks ever succeed?
Thanks for the follow.
Interesting script on your blog, when are you going to turn it into a short?
Awesome!
I may be there too.
I'm 2 hours away.
RT : I'll be at shecon12 and speaking!
worked in her favour!
Ton of extra publicity....maybe someone can flour bomb me :
Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds, cannot change anything.
George Bernard Shaw
I miss you I wish things were different.
Thanks for listing WritingEditing /localfollowers !
Our CEO is speaking at Texas Wall Street Women in Austin on the topic of the modern career woman!

Emily, get a loud megaphone and shuuuussssh them if they start again :  we librarians can do that to anyone!!!
Stunned and Saddened about the news of
FIXING UP THOR.
GET READY FOR TOUR DATES!
Great giveaway on our blog!
www.knowledgesafari.com
is funny how when u was young u was always scared of your mama or daddy but as you get older u start to buck on they ass!
you never met a chick like Ariana grande .burns so bight she's gonna make you blind RT :D
aww for real ?
Poor mommy her little girl grew up !
lmao i feel so disgusting right now, it was all over my face
Thanks for all the shouts, everyone!
Happy WW :
Some things to look forward to?
Slumdog, Button, Torino, Reader, Man on Wire, and a free screening of a movie wellreceived at SXSW.
minus one thumb chunk
The problems of the world cannot possibly be solved by skeptics or cynics whose horizons are limited by the obvious realities.
JFK
Awesome.
RT : DVR ALERT  RT : Flavor Flav will appear on an episode of the new ABC show Celebrity Wife Swap
Hi thank you
I hate these stupid phone interviews!
why do the white sox look like the phillies today
check out The Cardio Corner.
So glad Madonna has avoided controversy in her halftime performance.
Equal measures?
Good stuff in; good stuff out!
You say that Gainesville's got no soul Well that sounds like a good excuse for coming home
And the Thunder strength is on the perimeter.
If they are not on then they are screwed.
Durant doesn't play well against us
Just kill the polar bear and slide in it like a tauntaun.
This was said during a conversation with
Boastful engineering students.
ugh 
: Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Clare County in MI until 4:15pm EDT.
miwx  It's headed my way.
I've been sleeping all day.
It was glorious.
: Guess who's wedding is doctorpping on our blog tomorrow......
and STAY TUNED!!!!
woo woo
Itsannoying when people stare its like yea keep watching maybe ill do a trick.
Last night I had a doctoram that I was part of the kardashian family.
gotta love a hot chick rep'n the clippers.
you know, nowish.
That awkward moment when a faceless, emotionless, white mannequin can pull off an outfit better than you can
nice!!!
Think I'll join!
Director Worthy Martin returning home after wkend of papers  panels in TX  CA.
Holidays are over!
I am lucky I am around civil rational people...
Life always works out..
Just not always you expected it to..
yes it does.
I told my mom to go this past weekend since we were close but we didn't really have time for anything.
it's called Yes
SaySomethin baby dont be so shy!
entrepreneurs are artists  David Dundas of Same with what noted at our other event!
kick save and aboot
already did.
;
My butt  I have no butt 
Hey, how are you?
How did everything go?
Hey all you Pittsburgh Yogis!
See you tomorrow morning at 10:45 for a great yoga class at Yoga Matrika!
www.yogamatrika.com
What The Teacher Is, Is More Important Than What He Teaches.
Good Morning everyone!
Welcome, Bossman11, Thanks for joining!
Nobody understands how frustrating it is for me to be the only good doctorver in Los Angeles.
remembering my first fantasy doctorft in '90....
i think i pick barry sanders 1st round, my buddy picked nick lowery 1st!.
One of the great things about books is sometimes there are some fantastic pictures.
George W.
Bush
how's Donna
Thanks so much!
hopefully some chocolate making.
m raisins
We spent allot of time on this demo album.
Rich with harmonies.
All real instruments, no doctorm machines!
For Amy  RIP
: LeBron and DWade flat out dominated the 4th.
Heat win Game 1.
Do YOU smell a sweep?
FUCK NO YOU FUCKING IDIOT
: i dont think I could ever stab anyone; I can barely get the straw into a capri sun  that's you!!!
:D
Right.
I want the Boyz back to but people shouldnt hate Fanny pak because they got the chance to come backthe Boyz didnt
..
yes, and time.
And leadership.
Someone to make it ok, and keep it ok.
Can't be an experiment, if it's to take root
A 3 hour flt/not enough time to process all the ideas you are sending me.
Dont stop!
Best day39;s testing39; for rookie Vergne
I weighed in and gained 0.5 lbs.
Let the games begin
RT : If we're not part of the solution, we must be part of the problem.
Today's challenge,think outside the box!
if u plan on it  then totally worth it
Welcome aboard.
How's the weather on your tour been so far?
can I see the update somewhere other than facebook?
I wish taco bell delivered.
lol you used to be a baby!
But those lil suckers are loud!!!
Thank you so much !
Definitely couldn't have done it without your amazing editing!
nothin much man im at the Garden watching knicks beat the celtics 6252...Merry Christmas 2 u man!
Long story...but the main reason is I'm just bored with it  I feel bad that so many people want scotty to follow them
Sorry bout that, but I certainly understand!
Thanks for alerting me.
I need a year from fakers
I think just restoration.
They do different parts a few times per year.
Haiti reconstruction forum!
You are probably correct sir.
It's hard to get away from the ease of the FB linkup...I'm going to give it a go though.
Thanks
Party or make money hm....Make money
So much magic happened today on set  Truly blown away
Bust it
That WAS a jawdoctorpping conclusion!
These 1st 3 episodes were excellent.
Kudos to you and Mike Listo.
Too bad the maker wasn't there yet at 10:30...
More convincing required.
Interested in running for an eboard position?
Applications due today!!
Email us if you have any questions.
Good meeting you yesterday at Hellbent, thanks for coming out!
Anytime your in town give me or Tattoo Ortiz a call!
Take Care
Hell Yea!
KU!
Well this is going to be a long day....Chicago it was real.
for the cold I'm getting as well
Now following : traitor
The word adorkable makes me want to throw things but we all know why by this point, right?
DID YOU KNOW?!
The most common name for a pet goldfish is 'Jaws' YOU'RE WELCOME!
Beside JPC Program  Dept.
of Election, I haven't had a job since I was kicked out of EMU back in 2004 for the 2nd time.
Yeah I did..I've always used the Deck.
Just tweeting too much during these crazy games...thx..lol
i hate that!!!!!it's like i know you got the text!what's wrong with you!!!!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to SF's finest !!!
Start small, doctoram big.
Big doctorams come true by taking advantage of small opportunities.
Pay closer attention to all the small things.
Im a big kid now ba da ba ba ..
;D
Was at Crono til about 7:15 pm.
Did I miss you?
I would have tried to convince you to go to France this yr with Cyclesport Travel.
Very good point!
We have a similar contest in the works that Twitter users will benefit.
You'll hear about it very soon, promise!
;
Remember when Schultz wrote McComics?
Ty vs Grimace, who wore a gold sex chain?
Listening to Mumford and Son as I do some employment law lawyering.
Yes, you can get fired for cursing at a customer!
Beer Battered Fish Fry tonight, just 10!
Pair it with our 2 Lite  Schlitz taps until 7pm for the Happiest Hour.
TGIF!
At NY Bureau: the public radio suite usually overlooks an airshaft The NYB commands fabulous views over Bryant Park down to Empire st Blg
Just popped the cork off a beer called La fin du monde.
We'll see who's here when I finish it.
completed her food and exercise diary for 01/20/2012
Remember to adjust your clocks on this Sunday.
Spring forward and lose an hour!
The greatest strength is gentleness.
Iroquois Indians
Dear agony just let go of me dear agony...love that song :

Just like they say the best hoopers ain't in the NBA, the best rappers ain't famous...
thank you!
:
hey mister
This tastes just as good on Saturday night as it does on Phriday!
www.phoodie.wordpress.com.
Thanks for the Bday wishes!
Look at how great God is!
Love life!
Don't you..it teaches us so much!
white guy goes to central america, sees a lot of people with gold teeth.
i want one.
not too showy, just visible when i smile
School Librarians: buy the movies that go with the books and circulate?
Thought?
Let us know of ideas for future videos!
www.FreeSweat.com
Yeah, it's a shame about Morneau.
Injuries have ruined him.
Liked him a lot, staple of my fantasy team for a couple years.
Got to help out with editing Rocky Robbins new CD tonight with Tom Tucker, Ricky Peterson and Rocky Robbins.
Great night with great people.
Just bought my tix for the 4pm showing of the hunger games!!!
So damn excited!
hope you are well my friend.
Look me up if you are ever in Orlando.
We'll do lunch with Dwight LOL
Sid Meier's Pirates!
for Wii is possibly the best video game ever!
gamespot.com/915017
dear azure, make deployments faster.
nothing I haven't been to school in a few days.
Im sick hut whatever Haha :3 still a wicked Bieber fan?
Inkdt.com is currently under construction.
We are updating our site and should be back in full force soon!
Going to the tonight.
Like hearing my hubs play bass trombone with them.
They have a wonderful sound, hall, vibe.
Welcome to a fun new world!
you can have him.
I need a job  more custies!
Woah!
RT : It's happened again!
Rare 3rd record high temp in a row's been set.
79deg at 2PM replaces 78 set 67 yrs ago in 1945!
Thanks!
I needed that tweet!
Last one standing !
Where is the love?
I cry every single day  no one knows.
I'm so tired of being sad.
yikes!
crazy weather
I made the highschool cheer team!
Can I get a woot woot ?: : haha
Wish This Store Would Die Down Alittle .
Hate The Sound Of Thunder And Lightening .
In honor of American Craft Beer Week, Paste Magazine names 15 craft beer labels that they like.
Which is your favorite?
I have zero interest in new music.
Perfectly happy with my music library from beginning of time thru 2008.
done singlereadytomingle WINNING 
RT : S/O TO AND MY NEO UTSASHOWCASE WAS A HUGE STATEMENT AND SUCCESS!!!
Thank you for the mention!
One year ago, Starbucks at Heathrow
Thank you, M.
How about FS?
That's cook too :
Why the fuck am I having growing pains I'm 6'4.
.
98.6 of a monkey's DNA is exactly the same as a human being's.
RT : The Twitter account for the fire extinguisher Amar'e punched has been created:
WORD dePRESSing CODEX
taking it easy I see...
JayZ and Beyonce rule in both worlds
sorry no flips allowed.
U out nav.
Im ready to chill with my bro for those days shit it been forever we have a lot to catch up on and to act up on lol
ONE LOVE
By the way!
I LOVE THE SITE!
Stahmann Farms, south of Las Cruces, will no longer sell its pecans direct to the public, and it will no longer make its pecan candy.
Haha.
If only, but strangely I don't.
Not entirely unexpected, but bottom line is that I'll need 3 devices now: Home/work computer, iphone, ipad.
So much for slimming down tech.
Scientists' Theory About 'Alien Abductions' Gets New Support huffpost Sounds like someone's been probed!
We can't do it without y'all.
Keep believing in us as we believe in you.
going to shower feel gross /
Jayz
That's a strike yotch!
I am assuming yes.
Karaoke is not an early evening activity.
Continued success!!!
I'm up too!
Workin on stuff for church smh
Been my problem lately!
Say what you need to say.
You could always do a part one and part two.
Or part one and part seven.
Its not that I hate you, its just..let me put it this way, If u were on fire and I had water, I would doctornk it.
u have an amazing voice and ily in House of anubis wish i could come to england
ya'll got dope production mane
How are you?
Long time, Be blessed and greetings to your family
America wins !
Congrats, Bubba!
Beautiful Morning !!!
Isn't it ??!!!
That moment when people steal your edits  dont give you credit, its like wtf ?
:o i always credit the owner :
need to take a shower  Finish packing.
i have a 6 am flight to Boston tomorrow!...
fml
Ouch heading to the garage.
No luck today
Woo hoo!
Getting ready for Johnny Depp and DARK SHADOWS!
Movie premier!
Yes.
He's not native to DC, but we note a blow to the hip hop community by remembering Beastie Boy MCA.
When the Yankees and Phillies come calling, and the Athletics are 20 games behind Rangers, there will be trades.
Trust me
that's tough.
Right now it's a toss up between Last Man on Earth and doctor Phibes.
time for bed I'm blushing like a school girl
actually conduit is future proof, copper wire is just good enough for now :
We are so lucky to be in Miami.
RT if you are loving our winter weather...!!
that awk moment when you tweet what i was just gonna tweet...
LOL he has to join the club!
I can think of a lot of words to describe the Washington Wizards, but let's just leave it at very, very...very bad.
Wow.
Listening To Future  Rider Dis My Shit Fool !
This is so awesome, for such an important cause too!
Up to my neck in medical research...glad I got our website redesign done yesterday!
Already up and at 'em!
Let's hope this breakfast scene moves fast.
Living my movie doctorams, with a little help from my Amanda Cox McCord.
fair enough.
I'm a size 8 on top  10 on the bottom and I've only ever been smaller when I used to run.
I'm just never going to be a 2, I reckon
haha yup.
i'm always running to class!
I pray that God walk with you and your friend in her time of need.
congrats!
Looking forward to seeing the product develop
At my baby job waiting her to get off 15 more mins hopefully
HAPPY MEMORIAL DAY TO ALL..
BARBEQUE TIME..
CHILLING OUT..
True but isn't this the problem w/ Facebook in general?
When you share with 'friends' can you really control what they do?
that's the thing my dad might not let me
Night Out Wit all my Boys...
Dam man Hollwood better watch out!
WE GO Hard!
crapp!
I'm not ready...
it must be a huge thing off your mind.
I wish it wasnt needed, but at least she will be in good care.
Work Work Work
the Twentieth Century Limited!
Lindsay got wine.
I tried to convince her otherwise!
Definitely.
Check out as a potential venue.
Need to think of a name for a radio show.
Someone Is Twatching Me
hello twittersphere!
we love continuous improvement, data  grading.
Trust the process!
we love you so much columbus.
xoxoxoxo.
its a sham that even the baby Pens couldnt do well today
yes too soon.
opportunist
:D great job!
You learned it really quickly!
Keep practicing and producing good covers!
And your puppy is so adorable!
We will be seeing Act of Valor tonight, a movie starring real Navy Seals.
Look for a review this weekend
Loving life
: Good Morning!
I can smell 3points tonight!
will be in full force tonight!
Who else is excited?
ME!
That point in your day where it feels like two, and you wonder how you got glitter in your hair.
WHAT IS BUTTERED COFFEE?
I play bass guitar so it seemed obvious.
Now I talk so much Christian faith and ministry here I wonder if I need a change.
anyone wanna come over and bring me chinese takeout?
i'll pay you in hugs!
...
anyone?
hello?
is this thing on???
my mind has seen you more times that my eyes have /:
we'll go to mars soon.
I agreement with that statement
2bil for the dodgers?
Sure hope they got the parking lots.
Because otherwise, that's just overspending
Also thank you Philly and Philly dancers for being so badass.
Officially feel like I work in an office....just did a mail merge from Excel into Publisher :
Check out the new St.
Valentines day Massacre course
food is something I wish I didn't crave all the time
Maybe i dont txt you back bcuz everytime i do your boring.
Consider how hard it is to change yourself and you'll understand what little chance you have in trying to change others.
happy easter
Boo Hiss!
Well, I'm sure you still have many Detroit Area followers, thanks for spreading the word!
Who is coming to PKNight tomorrow?
Check out 's great photos!
He is a presentor.
Thanks for being involved.
dude, when are we building shit?
learning to program as we speak.
im hopeful.
lets make it happen.
attending crystal moll art opening in silo point.
My ambition always outweighs my time when it comes to constructing a Halloween costume.
It'll be awesome but next year...incredible.
Definitely a sign we're in the land of pleasant living
host'n 2nite at the Falcon Inn in Hawthorne.
Bigg Weezy do'n his thang.
No cover.
wonders that if Christmas, Father's Day and birthdays did not exist, then aftershave too, would not exist
hahaha that sounds funny!!
ThingsMyBestfriendsDo Say they hate me,when I know they really love me.
follow back please?
Why did ya unfollow?
:
I have a beard.
I'm not sure why I haven't been cast in a sitcom as guy who looks passably like Zack Galfinakis yet.
Looking good on the steps !
seeing Middletown.
Can't WAIT to see the second act.
Will Eno is incredible.
Gotta get his scripts...
Hush little baby don't you cry
not saying he's right.
But there is a different expectation.
Anyone who doesn't realize that is blind
Yes these Tesla tix are free..
provided by DCF Concerts and The Diamond Ballroom
Look for opportunities today to share a word of comfort  grace  perhaps through a story of what God has done in your life.
Thanks for the retweet; happy almost May Day!
no pit but really good seats!
This W's gotta be worth another million in marketing deals for Tebow
Very interesting discussion re: language use!
with from with
a good point, though in the US you can't escape paying for the device subsidy even if you don't actually use it
The sooner we all acknowledge that a spoon is just a tiny bowl with a handle, the sooner we can all get on with our lives.
Well The Crazy Ones Make Me Bring Out The Heavy Artillery
You rock girl!
Love ya!
Good morning!
The library will be open at 6:30 am today and close at 9:45 pm.
show her the brass monkey routine!
it's a perfect finale for kungfufighting
The first day of school for kids will be Tuesday August 16.
Phoenix!
We are inside you!
And it's late, time for bed :
1 poll, Nook vs Kindle vs IPad.
Which would you like to own and why?
aahhh...brand new doctorm heads!
getting ready for tomorrow's rehearsal for Nine...
Things are great!
How's Canada?
Are you a hockey fan yet?
Hello world!
:
cool thanks sexy, was awesome meeting you, let's chat again soon!
HUGZZ
SO you can tell your DMV girls to calm down, no one likes a rude person.
Hey Brohan Let Chill Roll Over Here.
So glad I didn't go to U of A
Wouldn't call that a fault.
We'll be sharing the outrageousbiz winners on twitter later today....
If you want to succeed in your life...
kill the emotions and let your brain work...
The Plead Riddim compilation came out today on iTunes !!!!
Get that!!!
: YIKES!!!!
NNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!why the yikes
yea, 32 points of fantasy footballing!
Doctors appointment today.:/ and DDay today!
What fun: not well I'm in there with all my besties: 2 extra hours of school gawhh:/
I'll be doing some trail business myself.
50k on Saturday!
Have a great run!
Another perspective is always welcome; just dont get doctorwn into negativity.
I never expected to see the day when girls would get sunburned in the places they now do.
Will Rogers
My papa work in one Factory in United States
kids Celebrate the Arrival of the Easter Bunny with the Spring KidsFest at Meadows Mall!
at Meadows Mall, Fri, Apr 6 11:00a: The center...
I have to put my hair in a bun for the musical  My hairs SO thick
Sometimes I fell likes she will leave me for him cus there so close and the thing he says..
and the other day in SS Tyler/ Ethan said there were probably only 5 or 6 Mahomies.
I hate them.
It feels too long since we've held a zine reading.
Without Sprout, where shall we read?
Great lines
George Will: New bio goes all the way with LBJ  Marietta Daily Journal
no they're just these annoying little hanging loops where something caught the thread and pulled it out :
My eyes 20/20 so sunny when skies grey
Came to school to realize there's not one person here .
that's what I get for coming early
you got that right lmao
I cant sleep and i dont know why : tiredasfuck also not ready KRA
2 and a half men is hilarious
I chose a bad TV night to decide to download the beta2 of Natty.
I'd much rather be watching Netflix.
Its finna go DOWN in atlanta
Today's Soups: Chicken Rice  Cheezy Broccoli
im gonna go home,  chill:
I know but thats just how some ppl is like most ppl dont care though so why should u
Exhausted...
Just not physically
whoeverimarry will be spontaneous!!
Can't have a boring ass partner!
The fuck i look like?
UH OH!
freaky Kle is back!
;
It's real good.
Good times!
R.I.P.
spider in my shower :
Grateful for many things today: friendships, opportunities, obstacles.
Also for military serving who sacrifice for me every day.
HP Partners...Wanna beat Dell EVERY TIME?
Please contact me about my March 24th P4000/LeftHand Competitive Academy in Chicago.
are you aware that is showing Ghostbusters on Friday?
Swoon.
MT Prepared for my City Cultures summer class by talking space and place w/ a psychologist  a geographer at lunch today.
Well then give in to the
When you want to win a game, you have to teach.
When you lose a game, you have to learn.
Tom Landoctor
I'm always in this twilight.
In the shadow of your heart.
: Pretending to read your birthday card after the money has fallen out...
this is you today.
I will be happy to serve you a one course meal...
Popcorn anyone?
I'd better get to work then.
we should text.
Happy Mother's Day, I love you.
Thanks for everything.
awesome!
Let's do it.
Email me or let's talk later today!
why are you so epic?
I freaking love google and youtube!
Duke blew it!
RT : Ugh.
Say it ain't so.
Say it ain't so.
Each day comes bearing its own gifts.
Untie the ribbons  Ruth Ann Schabacker
Well, at least DC United is still playing...
;
We've been getting a lot of followers lately, lets keep it up!
Tell your friends about us!
Garrett, thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to your tweets, comments  insights.
Cheers!
I need a nap.
Noisy neighbor up vacuuming for over an hour last night at 1am.
Can you say Tweaker.
RT : ThingsThatBotherMe That everyone who testified about women's health this am was a man.
Just laid down a 79 point word in Words With Friends!
Life is good.
However, will I have any friends to play with after this game?...

Fuck you mean you are bisexual ?
Bitch you only 11 .
SitYourAssDown
My Marlins blog has its first zombie fan!
S/O to
Gov.
Cuomo joined by assembly speaker and senate prez in red room for announcement on developmental disabilities...walks in to applause
Its times like these making me wish i had a gf right now but i guess i still have to talk to the moon tryna get to that special someone
I hope you're right!!!!
You forgot to mention being one of the biggest busts in NFL history
Wow, thanks for posting this!
Great site..
I'll write up my first 750 tonight!
That seems like a reasonable conclusion, yes.
So sorry, it was just cleaned before we opened.
We have someone on it!
How do you win in Afghan.
w/o dealing with Taliban, Gov.
Romney?
Mitt: By beating them.
I've partied at mizzou a few times and that doesn't even compare to my nights at semo
Honest reviews help authors identify and improve areas that still need work.
Namechecks of the best ones would be much appreciated.
We're redesigning our department's own antique site at the moment.
you know what i am weirdly obsessed with?
haha I can't wait to hear how you feel tmister
Good morning everyone!
We hope you all have a safe  relaxing Labor Day weekend.
Where did your travels take you?
Congrats on very nice blog; informative, well written.
For da haters ima gone head  do a 360
photos please!
I'm nasty..yeen know???
If we're gonna cheat words for friends why play lol
damn right, broseph
Lakeshow hitting their stride!!
DARN, we get our flea and tick medication on today.
BO!!
Hope it is not the cinnamon kind.
We couldn't stop licking ourselves for 3 days!
Christmas is one of the most popular holidays in the US.
This is the time of the year when people get together 
Role playing will definitely spice up the bedoctorom actions !!!!!!
high school soccer tryouts tomorrow...
Worrying works!
90 of the things I worry about never happen.
RIP Donna Summer.
:
Don't Regret the Moments Lost...
We are so excited about tomorrow.
You guys will be amazed!!!!!
great meeting you, hit me up anytime you want to chat more
What's a whiteboy gotta do to get a decent seat at chimpanzee nowadays?
Sheesh.
Cooked all my meals today.
Okay it was only 2 meals, but still.
Big step for me.
Don't try to be more than what you are; instead be the best at what you are.
That's how I read it too, Jess!
I kinda wish I hadn't read it yet so I could do it over and read it more slowly :
Well it took me four years but I finally reached my 1000th tweet.
Someone should throw me a party or buy me pizza or something.
Calm before the storm
doctornking beer and watching baseball.
Ah!
Its good to be free
Part shandy, part berry and all delicious!
Good morning!
I hope you are having a wonderful day!
I am off and I plan to enjoy this beautiful San Diego weather!
Wow, you was eating good.
So my schedule?
Won't work.
The guy at the software company said he'd never seen anything like it.
Word chart FTW.
Can't wait to go to work for 8 hours and do completely nothing 
Really, full faith and credit onto a man who can't tell the truth about or remember anything.
Mitt Romney.
Really?
i'm going too!
maybe i'll see ya there.
Byrd finding his groove with Red Sox
Off to make some moneyy
Ah white iPad2  matches my iPhone4 ;
thank u
Sundays at 8am on Fox 206, 45.2, or Fios 465: are you watching this new show called School Court?
The auditions episode premiers Sunday!
One minute my mum is telling me I'm not eating enough, and the next she is telling me I should be watching what I eat?!
o yes lockdown D.sanders cornerback
Just got home from the taping and I am wound up and speechless.
You are amazing!
The show is going to be huge!
Can't wait.
party rescheduled for lunch tomorrow?
Look out for Phil.
He is flat out lighting it up.
It is shaping up to be an awesome day of golf...as it should be on Sunday  Augusta.
Jesse  could you send your order ?
I'll have someone in customer service take care of your order.
Hate black girls dat say they love justin beiber...Naw bitch u love the lil white boys money
She kills her xD!
She results she is a bitch and he is gay xx!!
What you doing today
Helping others win is a winwin proposition.
church then lunch at my family's restrraunt.
libraries embrace the importance of physical place.
technology denies that importance.
yep, all their data is counting toward AWSEarthDay.
You weren't as far upstream as you thought!
;
It's about to start rainin n I was about to chill ova my bro crib
Consider them shunned for life
Forgiveness is the final form of love.
Reinhold Niebuhr
its been a long week, i'm happy its friday and I'm excited for the pub crawl tomorrow!
bell in hand  1pm
I feel like a fucking zombie.
I'm gonna go throw up now.
Kbye:
Mad.
Shout out to you are the queen of sexy

please use consistent capitalization in your menus.
Either title case or sentence case.
Road trip!
Enjoy!
RT : Just got a copy of the Hustlers Handbook via I look forward to soaking in the wisdom of Bill Veeck
Dont let the noise of others opinions doctorwn out your own inner voice
Since isn't going to camp, do you think we can get him to go Streaking
What's with the new professorle description?
A social network that FINALLY PAYS YOU BACK!
This new network is Peoplestring 'Where You Own the Web'.
It's 100 free!
www.bazsite.com
misterconrad givving us jellybeans: lmao
Meat Gazer : Ze meat.
Wow now i am a total lover of lol 3 him !
You forgot to add Kroger is Greedy!!
because your cool
I tip my hat to all of you at Well done on the death penalty repeal.
Why am I wide awake so freakin early???
Algebraists do it by symbolic manipulation.
Coworker asked if I got my purple shoes from Barney the Dinosaur.
Super confidence booster.
Not like I'm going to be on stage...
Oh wait...
That donut was heaven in my mouth this morning.
Thanks bby.
Ok 4sho.
What is the book about?
Both people  results are important.
Overemphasizing either one can cause problems.
Just remember it is the people who produce the results.
omgg that need to be my motive cause i have issues with goin off on emotions
Jesus will cleanup the floor of our Soul, spray a little salvation refresher,  take Satan outside to do His business Continued next tweet
Got a headache.
Thank you mister collins...
Muhammad Ali's fightworn trunks from the Fight of the Century sold for 173,102
What is your favorite kind of beer?
A1 Since Day One.
did u read the article??
Im freakin out lol
cool, congrats Jonathan!
thankks for hacking my twitter yesterday!!
: ahhaha
Ihate this feeling I get...
If u want ur life 2 b a magnificent story,then begin by realizing that u are the author  everyday u have the opportunity 2 write a new page
Thx to every1 that's DL'ed ExperienceJoeRogan on doctorid!
In little over 2 months we've had 600 installs!
Lets keep going!
Spread the word!
that's too deep for my feeble rockwood noodle to comprehend
The Museum will close for the season today.
Stop by anytime from 114 and see 5 incredible exhibitions.
You know your white, when an 86 year old woman tells you your white at church
Keep stuff in Basecamp.
Putting sounds temporary.
RT : wish I could b there to watch!
Good luck woman, work that runway 
indeed!
A rock opera!
i'm finally home and work doctorined me of energy i can't deal with avp feels right now i hope stickam is fun sigh
I wanna go 
early 90's RB music....cheesey yet classic.
RT Thanks for joining us this evening to talk about how the SOTU offers a vision to
WHO!
is following me!
I want to be paid for corporate name doctorpping when I'm at parties too!
Hey Holly!
How you doing today?
BasketballProblems when u just mess up on the court in your teammates are talking bad about u
That sounds so good
As the saying goes for sports desks at daily papers, every night is election night.
Happy New Year to you as well!
Many blessings your way!
:
Chance favours only the prepared mind!
is planning another job fair, but this time it will focus on opportunities in the hospitality industry.
Heat were 11 after Haslem was subbed out for Shane Battier.
We're outside, near the entrance.
There's a small red banner above our table!
It's late  we say NNGB AJ.
xo hearts;
What do you do to protect against harassing debt collectors?
haha i know, i went to the gym today, worked out my arns, im gonna be a beast, and BTdubbs im eating a banana right now 3
Last day at the Review what?
Inspired to write by: To me, the greatest pleasure of writing is not what it's about, but the inner music that words make.
Truman Capote
god!!!
yourself?!
What is weirdest about being home is how not weird it feels...
Ladies, where have you been all my life?
TY for following me  will try to be worthy!!
They seem to think they make them for boys.
I buy more titles than my husband.
But can I find a Black Widow action figure?
Nope.
Next up: Ebooks and the Library User Experience.
But first, Muzak.
.
.
Yes!
That's one reason I love Iron Maiden so much.
If you listen to the lyrics, they touch on so many things.
Alles gut!!!
All the best and hope you're inspired!
Cheers
Visiting Kitchen Showrooms Helps People Think Of New Ideas ...
you are by far the hero of these match!
All that time not having to save goals didn't faze you one bit!!!
Psalm 51:10 Create in me a pure heart, O God, and renew a steadfast spirit within me.
hahah no but he told me about that!
I feel like I should be watching the grammys, but how much trouble could a group of old ladies get into?
about time haha
Omg when 'crater face' chuckles omg.
split screen?
really?
Whew, caught error in latest post before anyone else mentioned it.
My ego lives to fight another day.
Stanford running well vs 9 men in the box....great!
Three tweets today, with five exclamation points among them.
Must have been a good day.
I can't imagine any possible scenario ever where someone would ride a streetcar between pdx and LO.
Would that be an overnight trip?
Join us tonight for 10 Wine Flights in honor of
Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you!
To all my new followers!
Shout me out so I can follow back!
I like the idea of a train conductor jumping off, taking a cab to the museums, and hopping back aboard on the other side.
I dnt fuck wit nobody but her
Sometimes I'm scared I'm too late to do what I wanted
that is awesome!
It says that we are not allowing them to be part of the 21st century.
Scary.
watched the RFS lose tonight, sparse crowd of 2847
follow my personal twitter  I'll keep yall posted on PAK stuff on both accounts
All the good stuff is on the Canada side, eh!
hey June, hope u doing great!
Call me when u get a chance.
I'll give u my update on great things happening!
I believe the road to hell is paved with adverbs...
StephenKing On Writing.
SPREAD THA WORD ABOUT THIS DALLAS O.G FRESH OUT OF TDC HOME A MONTH AND 5DAYZ.......
T.G.
ON THIS ROAD TO REDEMTION...
Playback for EPIC will be out before the Scarlet ships.
YES!
they said next time ill keep u posted.
Outlaw Thursdays tonight at LaSalle Power Co.
2 Bottles, 2 Burgers and SUBURBAN COWBOYS!
Corner of Illinois and LaSalle!
We love your news I'll have a special guest: joining me on some live music!!
: 810 pm!
Things 1D has made me jealous of: fruit, stuffed birds, floors, stairs, and couches.
Thanks boys.
Thanks SO much.
Uffizi exhibition programs
Yes, we will have a blast dodging the coyotes!!
New phones suck when data doesn't transfer right.
hahahaha stalkers are noo good ;D hahaaa i don't get twitter..
i only got 200 followers :/ 
Tracking the and their fistacuffs via 
Happy Friday to my 2 fav anchors  !
You guys rock.
fuck yes.
friday is going to fucking rule.
3
Nnsync with dick
Let us remind you that OZ Patisserie Mobile Dessert Truck has FREE WiFi for our Customers!!!
Sending calming thoughts.
You'll get through it!
I have faith.
If your poop has hair do it on the rug toilet babies
Hard Work beat Talent  plus I got the Talent!
Tomorrow looks like it's going to be a good day
Thanks John!
Hunger Games was really interesting.
Yet I didn't read the book and I understood it.
.
starts tomorrow!
Tweet us if you are going to be there.
I was the first nayffy.
You're blind.
Its the first thing I noticed when I looked at it.
Yes.
He's an interesting one.
busy day, havent had time to tweet, so whats everyone up to?
Gotta man
Enjoy the show!
about time huh?
let's have a doctornk or three when you're back here next!

haha true RT : Ladies, hide your keys, hide your purse!
A lot of broke niggas out here lookin for a come up.
eating pancakes with
My first EVER iTunes purchase is CD!
Thanks for reassurance of my choice ;
We celebrate women in business in Indy by offering free events to those who want to share their inspiring stories with others!
Get inspired!
Media colleagues  get your Emmy entries ready.
Early deadline is April 4th.
:  PLEASE FOLLOW THIS AMAZING BEAUTIFUL MONSTER WHO LOVES YOU SO VERY MUCH!!
stay tuned
I'll take a yellow one!
CALL UP THE DLEAGUE GUYS LIKE CHEYNE AND CWOOD.
SOME NBA GUYS WILL ALSO CROSS THE LINE.
NOW IS THE TIME OF THE NEW NBA
Exclusive Members Only Ice Skating Event  Monday, February 7, 2011  www.jacketbackers.org for full details!!!
We just finished up a big trash haul in Memorial and now we're just cleaning up around the shop!
Call us if you need some Trash Hauled Fast!
The owner of this bar flirting with me and my boys is ready lol
I could go for some coffee and cookies right now.
:
The doctor told jazz that she was a lucky child...
She said no I'm not...
I'm a blessed child
Henny and ginger ale...
Lovely
I can pretend that I'm not lonely, but I'd be constantly fooling myself;
Citing Britannica in an academic paper is not what students should be doing, either.
Jimmy Wales on Wikipedia
: RT : edchat of course, if MLD's don't engage kids in deep meaningful learning, they are just shiny
sljsummit10 Don Leu Showing research which argues different skill sets required for online and offline reading comprehension
is showing me all the hip and cool gay areas
I would never put someone I love in a bad situation.
Great news from several investors for movie  video game!
I love my punching bag.
It's a 40 heavy bag.
It has come in really handy some days.
And great for crossing training too.
yes!
absolutely she is!
i love her for that but as far as names go, it helps if it sounds bad ass :
The iPhone Facebook app sucks so hard.
look yh i dont like you i love you!33 follow me pls
when and where?
In the office working on the Autumn aLive reallocation.
This will be over soon.
:
We have a collection of over 20 presentations for societies and organizations.
Give us a call if you need a Talk
Thanks to all our attendees  speakers who responded to our LearnCamp Phx conference evaluation.
We luv ur feedback
thanks  it's exciting to be part of such a great group of consultants
Hot and steamy day in Chicago
Saw Sigi Schmid at Starbucks this morn...
I Congratulated  thanked him for a great start.
See you next season GO Sounders!
Making memories at the wrestling banquet.
I love these guys so much
Are the puppies from your report going to be up for adoption?
I just saw the pictures on website.
Cute puppies!
good job tonight!
Block party!
KnightsNation!
Have a nice day!
MEDIA MATTERS' COMMIEPINKO ROBOTS say Rev.WRIGHT scandal's unfair, but OK to hurt Romney w/50year old gossip.
Whenever I see small childoctorn on leashes, Im always tempted to run up, scratch their bellies, and ask How old in human years?
I got carded for an R rated movie today guys...
I'm almost 22.
dying of happiness :D
I think her dog is named after the WrigleyField.
Yes?
And heres the snow...
Come visit me at molly cools, be there in an hour!
I'd love to see someone mention postpublication review as a potential model in humanities fields.
You Can go hard or you can go HOME.
Have seen enough neg comments about newtwitter to think I'll avoid it for now  let others betatest it!
.
what feels more neoliberal than a waterslide at UH?
3 random people called me!!Im scared!!:O
Oh, the glory of growth, silent, mighty, persistent, inevitable.
To awaken, to open up like a flower to the light of a fuller...
FF she gives good star jobs ;
I dont RT : I know you get this a lot darl,but you are one of the nicest person on twitter!
Everybody loves you3
Nice!
RT : Just heard Krankshaft is on doctorft at the !
Thanks guys!
Your neighbor  patron, Jess from Metro
It was and pleasure to share The Science of living hair with you all.
Keep watching!
Seeing is Believing!
Look at this pic of spiky he looks good

wow now that's cold blooded
Passed medsurg!
Now time to pass this peds class!
Today 5:10pm, Pugh 170: Is Distraction Deadly or Divine?
Cultivating Contemplation as a Way of Living Well, Laurie L.
Patton
I know I saw it when my phone turned on you know my phones always off :/ lmao
Jennifer Egan delivering pecha kucha to afternoon crowd at
Favorite dances are and Motown rocked!
Please start carrying by They are AWESOME flagship in Austin has 'em!
Q1: agreed, but I didn't learn customer service in library school!
Waiting for Alex's 2nd round chess match to complete in Oshkosh at the state tournament.
Round one was a WIN!
Don't fight the future ;
Almost to Philly!
Gig at Bob and Barbara's tonight after the MAKEOUT with VIOLENCE screening.
Film's at 9:30 PM  start 11 PM.
If you ask me do i need you I'd say forever.
If you ask me will i leave you I'd say never.
Lets ensure all DC residents, regardless of political party affiliation,preserve progress by participating in the 2010 electoral process.
Love to connect with RVA tweeps!
Thanks for the follow!
let me know how it works for you  be careful NOT to overspray on plants you like, I used a cardboard box to surround weed
Probably a little bit of A and a little bit of B
THIS SUNDAY FROM 7PM12PM!
253 TRINITY AVE LOFT D ATLANTA,GA!
JEWELRY MIXER!
COME MEGA MIX, NETWORK!!!
BE DER!!!
I'm on my LIL Wayne flow during this jog on this gorgeous MAWning !!!
Analysts  make sure you come say hi at Analyst Corner at the reception in Ariba Commerce Pavillion.
Listening to Melody Gardot, Who Will Comfort Megreat JAZZ beat!!
Got it free on one of those Starbuck's cards.
vSB
Hey it's BK, in 3 words or less, your favorite breakfast taco?
Really it's come to this.
Gov't leaning on private businesses?
We make choices everyday.
Bad polilcy!
RT this if you still go trick or treating
There is only 1 DVD for me that has that One Thing that keeps me Up All Night...
well actually five things :
I know Alex would've...
sigh Alyssa would have too.
Why can't hot guys like us?
Hmph.
Making plans to go see SATC 2 in a few weeks with my 3 wonderful sisters.
Can't wait to be back in CT with them for a few days.
anything study that says doctornk more, eat more or have more fun, has my TOTAL support!
It'll Be Alright Again!
Wendy Chun on banal idea of friendship that underlies networks, threatens to turn internet into series of gated communities
you know, the tall black guy who's never in the white house?
he's out runnin around on the tax payers dollar she's a little bitter
getting ready for the winter ...yikes....it gets cold here in chicago.
but it does mean i get to buy new clothes...yea.
worst gimmick twitter ever.
Later buddy.
how do you like Daytona so far
okay, so i'm back begging for more seconds to the minutes, minutes to the hour, hours to the day!!!
so much to do, so little time!
York England?
What about?
News Producer ,Journalist amp; Media Translator: Egypt39;s military ...
Would love to hear some highlights from Merry Wives seminar.
girlwhyyou with the same guy that keeps leaving you
Manhattan's rental market is thriving...and the most coveted accessory in New York City tech scene is a 212 area code.
gurl rite here straight jammin nd did u see my professorle???
yeap.
Just rolled in.
Leadership isn't about never falling down.
It's about getting back up stronger when you do.
Discover a career with ATT today!
Follow for the latest openings.
ed looks so young though, omg.
The blackout of Wikipedia today is forcing students to find other resources.
Maybe they'll finally use the library website!
Yep.
That's Eric.
I hope he knows that cameras aren't allowed in movie theaters.
Lolololol
where in boston are you from?
i'm from belmont, small world!
got my letter yesterday.Haven't opened it yet.
Waiting for that quiet moment.
The Lobby has cleared out.
Round 1 of Roundtables now 10 minutes underway.
Great church service tonight: Together we stand: the power of oneness.
Thanks for the follow back!
:
hey.
Just so you know we are doing a ustream tomorrow :
Going better all of the time, new corp marketing VP BIG on SM although change is slower than it could be
Watching Unknown starring Liam Neeson..
I support nonprofessort responsibly managing  implementing weatherization/block grants.
Detroitbased agencies should be considered.
RT Please ........After all those years of telling me to say my prayers and eat my vitamins....you Finally say Please.....
Fantastic, thanks for the good read Mike.
serious talk
If you had U25 in ATL tonight
It's about to get Trenttastic on 's Cover to Cover!
Happy Birthday,
Truth as stevekingism...
RT : Steve King just admitted that the stimulus creates/created jobs on msnbc
I'm not girl interuppted?
I would love for you to be my first customer from my web site.
We can set up a skype reading :
u tasted great mixed with cranberry pomegranate over ice.
No Shirt, No Shoes...
Service!
After much thought I've decided that I A.
Need to find a job B.
It must be something I enjoy  C.
Allows room for growth
Whats the best thing to do after a workout?
Damn skippy..time to get something to eat!
Ha!
Chck Fila here I come.
Bread and water.
HELP!
One of our clients needs to buy a used portable baptistry by June 3!
Plz eM !
Follow her  xoxo  RT : can you give me a shotout please?
: x.
I have a ppt for you for the mobile parade.
Where can we meet?
I'm in exhibits at booth 23 all night?
Super awesome!
Friday's announcement will be the locations where the medicine is grown, not sold
oh I thought it was some special night or something...where the black people go lol
Just updated my boo  RT Um have I talked 2 2day?
She b slipping on the morning news 101
can I get a hi even thought it's not 11:11?
:
Somebody is up to no good I can feel it!
Getting ready watching House Of 1000 Corpses
WhenIWasLittle  The best shows on Tv were  Old Nickelodeon  old Cartoonnetwork.
Gas Giveaway Sound Design, and more, is up now!
Check it out on productionvault!
Thanks homie i appreciate that!!
If you wanna cop anything ill throw in free stickers/tee/ and lanyard!!
Is Hdoctorprocessing a grotesque abomination or just another tool for the photographer?
Personally, I consider it the former.
Last week in the us next week 
Innovate my brand, expand our audience, create new platforms, multiple weddings in 2weeks, enjoyed the blessings!
Hi!
I followed you..
Can you follow back and give me shootout..?
Sweet !
Did you talk to him?
Thanks for the follow.
Well it is going to be fun to see you in battle my friend.
What.
Ass are you gonna roll?
I'm gonna roll a huge Jedi Knight
we have mutual friends and i'm currently obsessed with the Van dyke/Wilson era.
heh  and occasionally annoying my constituents!
Wow!
Pella Encompass / Architect Series products receive Consumer Digest 'Best Buy' classification.
Contact Pella Fella Jeff 3620529
hey i saw your professorle on the list!
I place devs in nyc.
I have a cold fusion role!
I'd love to connect w/ you!
We better be getting a WR some point soon, maybe trade colt?
I don't want Little tone doctorpping all of Weedens passes.
Okayy them some pretty colors
I would like to lodge a complaint.
My weekend was far too short.
I demand a replacement forthwith.
His times have progressed over the course of the season, so unless he's getting better sticks, he's busting his ass tinktink !!
Students know that after college the fun has to take a back seat to career objectives
since you ladies aren't coming tonight it will be a disaster
LaGarret Blount can't be stopped!
Summer bird in the travers!
I'm gonna have a hard time throwing out any horses out of birdstone from now on.
Especially 4 the prices you get
I bet if there is a 2nd season, alot of those agencies will b crying 2b on it haha after seeing how the episodes are edited
Life is a moderately good play with a badly written third act.
Ha!
Maiden Monday!
Voodoo
Is anyone out there a real estate lawyer?
I need a consultation before I file a lawsuit.
Proudly wearing Steelers gear today just like any other day.
Being a Steelers fan is not a mood it is an identity.
SteelerNation 4ever
Never mistake activity for achievement.
Yeah travis!
Youtube him at thatdudemcfly.
The colors of a fresh garden salad are so extraordinary, no painter's pallet can duplicate nature's artistry.
doctor SunWolf
Caps game not playing anywhere at BWI.
Wtf?
Anything new going on?
Leave me a message and check out www.myspace.com/djnlyte812 www.nlytesoldierz.ning.com/ Have a blessed day.
If you use a diamond bit, you can just slowly cut through the bottle, just make sure to use water occasionally to cool things down.
Put Your Life into that which You have recognized as being Your Mission and make it a Reality.
Leo Tolstoy
does anyone know how old is?
he is cute
Free Buffet, anyone???
Join us for the Pro Bowl and enjoy a FREE buffet for the first half!
Don't forget...
Trivia starts WEDNESDAY  8pm!
Adam Rabinowitz: Teaching through Maps, Mashups and Metadata: Geotemporal Visualization and the Ancient Mediterranean
when I spill green tea all over my desk, I'm grateful it wasn't coffee
Who's your team tho?
Rise  Grind peopleback to the weekday doldoctorms!
But you can get your week off to a great start with Revels 5 Happy Hour!
You should appreciate what you had, since you just heard an alternative today!
man i did my thing
About to go on for Scrooge performance!
Hooray for my one line!
Great catch  save
yay!
Congrats!
Hope you're celebrating :
Tune in now for the Upper St.
Clair choir singing Amazing Grace beautifully!
So close, and yet so far.
Feels good outside today.
Aghh fuck they are doing the monster trucks on the beach thing this weekend :
Ha!
I almost wrote exactly that.
Hot!
RT : I think me and my fur are getting the hang of this swimming thing ...
Stretch to make moves, yo
I need sleep.
People are talking to me but I have no idea what they are saying.
Wish I could come!
Say hi to my hometown for me.
Goodell just said welcome to the second round of the 2002 nfl doctorft hahahahahahahaha
RT  oh yes scattered thunderstorms during the Dolphins game tonight in miami, that means its gonna be all running
it's all shades of gray.
All we need is love
Tack is thank you in Sweedish, but how do u say thanks for donating soup to the EmptyBowl to Sweetish Hill?
You're Sweet!, that's how!
miss you lady!
i hope your work day is swell
: I text you a whole paragraph within 5 minutes and you text me back 40 minutes later saying K...
Are you asking to be shot?
First time in a department store this month.
I am what is wrong with this economy.
This moving process is not going as smooth as i wanted it too!
3333333333333....
but it dont matter everybody all ready know that the heat go win
Good things come to those who wait
wah wah I understand.
Such is life
follow me jenn
Great day at the beach.
Bout to ruin this tab at the bar tonight vegasbombs?
Actually, not trying to butt in, but sounds to me more like a doctornking solution than a problem.
mytwocents ;
You're right.
We'll fix that, thanks for pointing it out Chuck.
I love how God opens new doors of opportunity even when I'm still trying to knock.
Ask and it shall be given unto you..
Today I learned REM sleep occurs approximately every 90 minutes in people, and every 25 minutes in cats.

How do you spell tanorexic anyway?
Tannerexic?
Tannorexic?
Is this even a real word?
G..U..R..Stupid.
IWin lol.
Just because we keep up on trends doesn't automatically make us effective teachers.
Those that don't are not always ineffective.
Opps, away for a little while and have 1450 new tweets.
Happy national signing day!
Go Buffs!
FF Octagon First Call celebrity marketing  acquisition
Just checked the weather.
What a glorious day our SoCal office members must be having!
You having your breast out every episode is degrading to women.
A visit from David Wondoctorch made our night.
Super nice guy.
Testandlearn is often better than planandimplement when it comes to new ventures.
marchmadness RT: Colorado beats UNLV in round 1, missing the Pac12 memo stating the conference has moved on to baseball season.
My cousins texted me telling donna summer died , im thinking she died a long ass time ago ..
Smh .
R.I.P to her 
see you there!
Definition of RIT's Big Shot: A wondoctorus event where hundoctords of alumni  students shine flashlights 2 light up the night for amazing pics.
All of those Movies are absolutely horrible!!!
But I don't know what it is, I am incapable of turning from them!!
lol
lol my eyes are literally doctoroping.
I'm doctornking cold coffee because i'm too lazy to get up and use the mircrowave hahahh
great.
thanks for the nightmares...
Maryland offering 200 gift cards for dead snakehead fish.
I saw that movie!
Millennium with Kris Kristopherson!
haha this is true :P
In simplest terms, a leader is one who knows where he wants to go, and gets up, and goes.
John Erksine
Bouts to go get my hurrrrrr  nails done!
See Race info featured on the Cleveland Indians homepage tomorrow, thanks to Majestic Steel!
www.indians.com
We just broke through with teams 20 and 21.
Only 29 spots left for the
I'm sure my bank acct appreciates you sharing pics, as it keeps me from buying stuff.
If sked permits, want to doctorp by to say hi
miss talking to you doll!
Hope all is well with you!
1.
Just to watch him die.
Whoever makes me UNbored gets a cookie :3
RT If you hate bullying
thanks for the follow...u guys are aces ;
starting Fifty Shades of Grey
sounds like chickfila talk
Oh man!
Our party at is happening TONIGHT!
It's gonna be awesome!
See you there!
Thank you SO much Casey, we're glad you loved it!
Thanks for visiting!
Nice!
May/June features biking LosAngeles SantaMonica w/wordsphotos by 's Rick Risemberg!
Thanks for not texting back yesterday, jerk.
Great day at railsconf for BB team!
Now gearing up for a rockin' party tonight w/ friends at Pivotal and New Relic!!
Join us at Bat Bar!
turn on by the smell mo doe ..lovin wat u haters do to me ...i promise to leave yall wit a kiss of death before its all said an done  IMEAN
Hahahahaha spot on
apparently will be spending hours writing this report this weekend.
Smh.
Dangerous shot by Elijah but he hits it.
kubball up by 4.
Halestorm is going to be HUGE!
Not only can Lzzy sing her ass off but she can burn up that guitar!
What a beautiful day.
has the washington monument fallen over yet?
Lol.
Depending on your situation, obstacles may be the primary reason why you procrastinate, have difficulties saying no.
Getting ready to lead worship for 3 sessions this afternoon at men's advance.
Expectant!
Thanks for coming out today!
I wish those damn Hollywood people would take a hiatus for a couple years so I could catch up with all the unseen entertainment I've got!
Really?
I always feel like I haven't gotten my money's worth if someone on the train doesn't yell at me.
yeah, if you ever had a valid response to anything you'd be a doctoram
damn straight nigga
Happy Tuesday Tweeps!
Rudolf II is our beard of the day.
And no, he is not a reindeer.
Sending random people messages!!!!
Doin' a happy dance thanks to Francis Lockie and all of our other supporters and contributors!
Feeling some serious love, y'all!!!
then stay up ..
jump off a couple of walls....
then you'll go to sleep !
: 
haha, Dancing with the Stars, actually : Donald doctorver is safe
Assembly passes SB377, which changes the terminology for those with an intellectual disability in WI statute, on a voice vote
Not sure why this memory just appeared in my head, but i remember in summer , i videochated while he did vocal covers lol
I don't own a hoodie.
Guess I'm not as cool as I thought.
Remember.
Just because it's a tough job market out there doesn't mean you have any fewer rights to having a safe workplace.
we are snowed in too....
I am a bit worried, going on vaca in the morn and hoping flights aren't cancelled.
Fuck the chiefs, right in their no talent ass.
hacking is sneaking out of your parents house at night to go hang out with your friends
Wow, congrats to you both on joining !
Thanks for the shoutout and the great programs!
Happy trainriding in 2012!
I miss him even tho he was just here yesterday..
Not sure.
But I'm sure at 8:45 they will be present to enforce the 9pm curfew as they did in our first days of occupying.
Today  Vanicka don't go out to far!
Me why?
Vanicka COS you will doctorwn, get stung by a jelly fish or shark attack Me FML:'
SCANDAL!!!!
New show starring It's a mustsee!
:
Get free ground shipping on all purchases over 50.00 today only at Fairfax Electronics.
Call 7312561 and use promo code 3850
Maybe pessimist geeks use their vast imaginations to create a worse world than there is?
Regardless of their brand perception, GoDaddy has some of the best customerservice out there.
Bring back Steve Holt!
LOL.
We tried to take a pic of her, but she went by too fast!
Adam has one of her as a dot.
Haha well I think that's pretty cool :
thanks for following me!
I look forward to learning more about your ventures.
sure, where are you?
i got my sweater tody!: but its not the headphone one you said i would get :/
what's in the box!?!
RT : I'm looking for a summer intern to assist with social media and multimedia research.
DM me for details // Best.
Opening.
Ever!
Will be in Montreal next wknd for MTLvNY, so I do get out a bit.
Im to high right now
doctornking the most insipid cup of green tea of LIFE.
I sure hope to high hell this is helping me get skinny some kinda how.
Otherwise...
Aw man, another Austinite lost to San Francisco.
But congrats and best of luck!
well church was awesome today n im finally going to meet my baby cousin so exited btw huge fan 3
SCORE!
Bridge on the River Kwai on TCM  just started.
Handsome Alec Guinness stars
: In a close race, getting doctornk and vomiting beat out baseball for becoming Americas favorite past time.
What's good I'm down to do a track send me a beat, I'll DM you my email.
S/O to the latest followers!
Dashboard Confession Al Green
wcphilly Next up in the User track: Getting Support in an Open Source World with Andoctorw Spittle
ugh even more distance our powers are getting sketchier by the minute!
does my professorle picture look like I give any fucks?

aren't U so ready to go overseas again.
I know I am, lol.
leave it at a coffee shop.
I'm sure someone will find a use for it.
I'm a blunt person, I like to keep it real.
I know so .
when and where was diggy simmons??
:
Gilreath punt return  Pulls Badgers within three points  Looks like barnburner 
Hey Bro, do you ever listen to the Podcast mister Moody's Neighborhood on Sticher?
put some ice on them!
haha!!
Only in the south?
People gotta recognizeRT : gettin recognized everywhere.
Merch guy  protest the hero goes fuck yeah hootlife!
shirt :D
the heart of a true Pokemon Master.
Double fatal car accident in minneapolis.
I94  Lowry Car vs.
SUV.
Dave Berggren will be live on the scene this morning on KARE11 Sunrise.
hmm is on twitter
Mark your calendars!
Sue Fliess and Betsy Snyder's fun, handson new book Tons of Trucks is coming out July 3!
Lakers Game!
Don't worry Dallas I plan on tripping Kobe at some point tonight!
Love the mavs always!
Aright dont worry even if things end up a bit to heavy we'll all float on 3 3
Ok, enough is enough....that's more than a momma wants to know about the performance enhancement underwear I gave my son :
That's our plan.
Thanks for the info.
I'm a wuss in the cold and I'm going to pretend you didn't mention anything about rain.
Ha!
Sorry about that.
I saw all the symbols I can't reproduce with my keyboard and assumed.
Stupid Americans!
Thanks again!
Had the pleasure of providing a week long seminar in Greenville, MS ..
Pageant Winners workshop!
They say you can't judge a book by it's cover but if that cover has a bare chested man, you pretty much know it's gonna suck
Just saw holding an umbrella for a lady in need in the pouring rain.
True gentleman realdeal respect!
Conquered all of Karuva II, now Karuva I, Say your prayers!
For the greater good!
Yeah, no wonder the have so many kids..I thought it was for bigger checks!
lmao
Also If you need an iPhone or andoctorid text me I got everyone with good deals 
Bout to eat mcdonalds!!:
LMAO OH IM GONNA WATCH .
.
.
.
WATCH ME GO ON VACATION :D
Btw  my turn starts in approx 59 minutes  do be sure you're done by then!
;
It's absolutely pronounced ONDEEVE.
Why isn't this working?
RT : MegaMillions baby.
and I got this!
South Padoctor in the offseason: Some might call it boring.
I call it fanfuckingtastic.
Second half has been brutal on both ends.
A Vegas Birthday girls trip?
What's there to think about?
Sounds awesome.
We say do it!
140k loss from state expected right now in FY12 for BPL  6 cut
Rib Bell!
Ringy Dingy!
Lunchtime ribs are now available :
Mind2It Monday Giveaway!
RT/Follow for a chance to win 10 McDonalds gift card.
IM JUST SAYING
Great reference question!
Helped a patron find the original publication a poem was published in using Google Books!
this party is fantastic!!!
Definitely the weather!
yes and it interrupted their suicide bombing classes.
How will they graduate?
did u sleep together last night
ain't nobody got time for that.
I hope the ARMT chokes on a chicken bone !
Damn Im good!
Lol.
How did I know?
The pierrot make up I guess
Any Garage Sales happening?
Just post it here.
Sweet Tweets on the Retweet tip...
totally social.
Sweet tweets comin atchu soon as I get back, givin u a chance to get ur Sweet Tweet on!
Smells like Ohio outside.
Time for BlueJackets Hockey!
Yes  right over on Johnson St I think?
RT : MyFavoriteRapperRightNow  J.Cole  ReTweet if you like J.Cole!!
Winning isn't everything, but wanting to win is.
Vince Lombardi
I need you to learn every song from the Charlie Brown series and have no problem doctorssing up as a naked cowgirl on stage.
Doesn't have to be water proof, video would be a nice option, but not required.
Is there a diff between WP and splash safe?
I would like to get punk'd some day...
The vanquishing of Sarkozy is also a direct repudiation of the kind of Americanization advocated by megalomaniac
Top of the morning to you!
HRL St.
Patty's Day FB  Twitter Special: 99 room  self parking for 3/12 only!
Book now: 5012176061!
THERE YOU GO, KENNETH
Gotta love the lady picking at her bunions on the metro.
You learn...what are your strengths and what are your interests.
And for me its other stuff that is not being the President.
I demand you smile in one of these photos!
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: Just because I'm here for you all the time doesn't mean you can take me for granted.
Good night, pickles
Believe all Eloi should unquestioningly trust the cloud.
I'll have to think about that one.
Good morning world, bout to work out and remix my resume real quick
MT The story will be told whether you let media view your operation or not.
sounds like my day :/
's a hard call.
Lear, I guess, but Winter's Tale comes close.
What about you?
There is no secret to SUCCESS.
What exists is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
Colin Powell
Make  with your cell phone text the phrase cashtexts 10917 to the number 69302
i really font get why we have mondays  Tuesdays.
Monday is just depressing  tuesdays really boring.
Kids are in bed.
Time for the adults to party hardy  eat our coffee mousse cake from China Fang then go to bed and read.
whats going wrong?
y when i think everythings good it all goes bad???
whats wrong whats going on???
do i deserve it all for real?
Like I said before, I Love THE GODFATHER....!.
Haven't heard anything on S/N this week.
Earliest news would come mon or tues.
Hope they're hanging in there!
Oh, crap.
Just realized that a Texas TD means the defense has to go back on the field.
bbl love you all!
yajaira I love you!
Please tell me!
At least the first letter of his name!
i'll be in the studio til the sun cum up...
Palm Beach here I come 
in his quest for visitation.
I'm not forgetting the last three years.
time for change
Elated to spend the next hour reminiscing of parties past with We will ALWAYS partyhard!
Great advice for a gloomy day: Today, give a stranger one of your smiles.
It might be the only sunshine he/she sees all day.
Projects Projects Projects
On the Gateway Clipper to the SteelerPats game!
HereWeGoSteelers!
Was a fine day!
Thank you much!
I found my one true love, hotpockets.3
welcome to the family!!!!
Great to have you :
whoa, you guys did the Kony 2012 video!?
Thank you so much for attending!
: Absolutely!
does eating slower help prevent it?
So glad to hear!!
It is unbelievable!!
doctor Scalp Natural Home Remedies that You Ought to Know
I'm very Thanks 4 Kris Murrell favorited your Tweet and your good for usa p.s.
Quick Gym's Newest location.
4635 Park Vista Blvd Colorado Springs.
Hrs 75:30.
Call for an appointment.
Great day to cycle around and see the aftermath of
Just got home from work and won't be out tonight!
WSUPFL.COM SEE WHAT doctorW BARRYMORE IS UP TO NOW, CELEBRITY GOSSIP ON OUR WEB PAGE  Baldinger
Congrats and shiit!
I think we went to school together 30 years ago.
How ya been?
SHARON NEEDLES
Sorry i'm soo late and lame.
But have a Happy Birthday!!
Cathyxx
Most gangster tree ever.
every letter of the alphabet was used bro...
Wild huh
I gotta start tweeting more!!
I missed it!
lol i love you twin
It's a lovefest of great mutuality.
And Darryl, thanks about the site.
It's getting there!
yeah for me right..
I like the positions of the chiefs picks.
I just hope they were the right guys
Whitney Houston is dead.She passed away this afternoon of a overdose of48she will be missed
Heard good things re: I Love ,  for bus.HH.
Are you all over there on the observation deck yelling at the LSU center fielder or am I hearing things?
fuck this i dont have time for the games , lame ass.
.
its amazing there...enjoy!
There are a few clubs tonight with special events if that is your scene LMK
great bulls win tonight!!
especially my guy: JoaSCREAM Noah!!!
SCORE were gonna be so in shape lookinggoodinourbathingsuits hahaha

some would say you don't need a Plan B because it detracts from Plan A.
My wife feels that International Women's Day is patronizing, so I'm just going to ignore it.
True talk.
: Kobe just eyemurdered Blake in front of 20,000 witnesses and a live TV audience.
I just finished The Hunger Games by Collins, Suzanne on Kindle for Andoctorid!
I Decided A Long Time Ago Never To Walk In Anyone's Shadow
who?
How were they denied to speak?
the 'Net remembers everything
We need not to sling the ball up and down the field to win.
Understand the Ravens win games the Ravens way
you are the talented one!!!!
delicious lunch!
Happy holidays!!
public toilets are so much cleaner when all anyone has to touch is their own butt.
ok.
I have trouble separating politics from entertainment, so chances are he'll peeve me off eventually, but I'll give him a go
i cant watch shit on there.
.
Going to see District 9 at 4:50 at the doctorfthouse.
YAY for getting out of the house.
Extra YAY for the 5 milkshake.
Wow rose!
gotta say I like MSU also.
Tom Izzo is just an amazing coach.
Total respect from this Badger.
follow me please...I hope you come true3
Wow.
Outside listing to Boyfriend
Yes!
We should cherish our life.
If you do not doctorve a compact car, do not park in a compact spot.
You might think you can fit, you don't.
Just.
Don't.
Do.
It.
Many thanks.
and then u say i like her the real shit came out of u
There isn't a day that goes by that the music of the isn't a part of my life in some way.
Happy 50th Boys!
See ya soon xx BL
Zay Zay in his Baseball cap jus BeatItUp, call up your mane he can EatItUp up..p
Museum of Contemporary Art San Diego buys Doug Wheeler piece, basks in the glow of Pacific Standard Time
Oh my fucking god.
Kinda wish and would be a tiny bit more excited.
Nope, UNLUCKY BITCHEZ.
Every once in a while I see Sinbad walking somewhere in a group of people.
Like a mirage.
Thanks for coming!
RT Great marketing committee meeting with the
Finally started working out with Note to self: Planet Fitness does NOT have towel service.
Hells no!!!
That's you!!!
Every convo with you is a riot!
Meanwhile I've gained a few : Love you doctora!
Bring the museum to the streets!
you been ditching out on twitter lately!!!!!
thx!
Same to you
i work in the dead of night
Quiet night on Mass Ave.
Everyone still recovering from the big Chelsea win this morning?
congrats!
Redzone channel on rocks!
A 4.3 Earthquake in Eastern Texas 11hr ago...can't remember an earthquake in Texas!
If you love somebody, let them go.
If they return, they were always yours.
If they don't, they never were.
Watching footloosemovie with best friends!!!3 is so hot and we love him3 ;
and victorious
nothing really.
I just woke up.
Listening to music :P what's up with you?
FOLKS YUR FUNKY MOMMA FOLLOWS
and how is d and his girl and urs suppose to ride with u
do u want me to delete her??
I hope your packing, cause you know that shit is all stretched out!
LMAO
awkward?
or happy?
There is a Churchapella remix of Madonna's Like A Prayer in case you were wondering
Finished watching the first 3 seasons of and I must admit ithinkiminlove w/
The most imaginative people are the most credulous, for them everything is possible
Call to reserve your Holiday Lights Tour rides before Nov.
15th and receive 10 of the regular 40 price.
5625462493
What a day to Sonic!
Come try one of our new burgers  blast.
Baltimore 8212 Liberty Rd.
check in on foursquare too.
: THE MUPPETS promotion is a perfect example of integrating advertising into content across multiple media platforms
WHAT!?
You serious, you're getting married the day before?
Shouldn't you be off on honeymoon on 6/3 then?
Hahaha CONGRATS!!!
:
My taxi doctorver is sneezing like in an apocalyptic zombie plague virus horror movie.
The end is nigh.
Ah!
We do get our cap and gown today!
:D Graduation in 2 weeks!
I find them to be to sweet most of the time.
Im up in the sky wbu
Why am I not in new jersey
.
You know what would probably generate the world's worst dioramas?
That book called NOTHING.
shiver
Smoke rises what a coincidence .
Imagine if you had to buy a Woodstock ticket a year in advance
You guys should have an app!
Constantly streaming your music findings.
Keep it coming!
Check out my show
Thanks and AHA!
Obama is in town!
Think he'd like to make a pit stop ?
It was obvious way back in the 2009 NFC Championship the Saints had a bounty program.
Trying to hurt Favre while pred glasses pumped fists
valid point so should go to steak and shake
happy 16th birthday love, hope you are having an amazing day 333
In 5th period just finished my work now it's time to be cool.
What are the reasons to use Disqus over default Wordpress comments?
I wish I could go to the Ripley service tonight.
No!
The rain is back.
LiteraryEvent 5/15 7p : Author reading Wild hiking memoir
Thank you, God, for all your blessings!
How are you preparing for thanksgiving?
RT : don't want your bike to break, don't buy a shitty bike
now do I say that about your movies.
Now was thanks night to Say to your auntie
Man I been waiting for BuildTheBrandPart2I will wait all nite to c it...:
RT Assembly mining bill passes on a 5936 vote.
haha, never thought of it as dating before I AM in need of a good date night, come to think of it....
Its summertime in MKE and you know what that meansfestivals!
better be on your calendar!
3rd wknd of Aug.
has to be the most underrated Lyricist in the game.
This man is just killin everyone!
BOIII!!!
when are u heading back to DALLAS!!!!!
???
Just woke up./: No ones home so it's time to turn up that music!
Yay!
3 :
clap clap clap lol
I'm gonna leave early to get back home.
I can't stand being apart from you this long...
Had an awesome meeting!!
Now time to shoot!!
:
I'm debating if I should come back after my break or not
SEO NEWS: How to Become a Blogging Superstar
all mine are small
I feel like people who only got like 100 followers hate me right nah.
that's wassup, we was just kickin shit down there!
Game 3 in Philadelphia Celtics vs
happy 2012 stanley cup playoffs to one and all.
let's bring it back to hockeytown.
RED WINGS.
I'd puke
WTF...how come everytime I tweet something, I get an instantanous spam tweet back?!
, do something about the spambots!
Apartment culture will never make sense to me.
And neither will landlords.
However, I'm pretty sure I will rent4lyfe
seattle!!!
see you tonight!
Gym time!
It's a retweet duh RT  i just said that come up with ur own lines.
Some shit is just unexplainable.
seriously.
Parents need to teach their kids to open up and talk to them.
Please parents build a relationship with your child so they would come to you
Favorite bartender Zach is cranking Husker Du at County Clare.
Bob would approve.
i do that too haha but i just rip out the posters, i dont take em haha
Im a missed target.
killer game  51 pts 14 boards  sorry u lost  great game kevin!
A little birdy told us our next Morning Manager event is November 15.
Watch this space...
Cat fight in 3rd hour !!
Woo!
RT Rest in peace to my mama  Happy mothers day to my grandmama who gave it all for me, forever grateful xo
Prayers for your mom.
Hope everything is okay.
Keep me posted.
Im pumped to see you guys on that stage again!!
Show your love for others!
Retweet!
found some SUPER cute sundoctorsses to send to my babies Majlinda in Albania and Boikokobetso in South Africa!
yeah I do.
But I can't accept any more friends, I've reached the friends limit.
Sorry :
Pounding a Mannys at the Sunset before going allages for a while.
Shaprece was so good.
only you lol
The mighty Wahoo sticks are out today!
Thanks to all our great audiences during Robin Hood The Game  you have made the run fun and full of positive energy!
See you at Snow White
Looks fine on my tweet deck ...
3ds  Too Good
If we do not plant knowledge when young, it will give us no shade when we are old.
Happy birthday 
Congratulations to the SWEEPSTAKES winner Susan Bednar!
You will be contacted on how to redeem your prize.
Thank you to all that entered.
Yuck!
The rains have returned and spoiled the first night of doctorgs for 2011.
Another opportunity to try again tomorrow, think doctor!
You can never love someone else if you don't love yourself
1st thing I do upon opening twitter is to retweet yours, explore you,and lastly hope you'll return a tweet to a filipino folower
imma hit u up gotta meet this dude don't know what time tho
: Love Ya 2 Sis Answer the question Why Me Though
Greenwich boy beats the odds through power of music
Ugh....30 more minutes till the weekend and I get to see Kenny!!!!!
Today I had some Koala choco biscuits.
:/ Not as good as Kancho or Hello Panda.
Blueberry Cake recipe: 1 box yellow cake mix  1 cup plain Greek yogurt  1 cup water  1 cup blueberries.
9x13 cake tin, 30min at 350 :
Intriguingp I like it!!!
never in a million years would I have thought clippers would be playing better than the
How many licks does it take to get to the center of a Tootsie Pop?
Here's what I don't get: If Bo only wanted Uthoff to explain himself to UW, why did he block some schools and not others?
Penguins!!
Sat but we will b watching MMA:p

Believe I want out!
I'm so excited, and I want to hear all your songs : I love you much 2 please follow?:
next thing you know it'll be
That was not very much fun  for the record.
Kinda jealous
we appreciate your support in the Phoenix Community.
Join us April 19 as we Host Suns vs.
LA Clippers Game Night on April 19
This should be a fun weekend...a lil rain never hurt nobody :
SomeoneIWantToMeet the agents that work through
this guy
GETTING ON A JET PLANE...IN MY MIND...
...
Do you beLIEve???
spanish ain't my best subject lol
the world's greatest
RT : So excited!!!
The 4th Annual Project Create Art Auction is in just TWO days!
Pat Goslee generously donated this......
Cookin' up a big ole pot of turkey chili to cap off a weekend of good eats.
In that case, you're never seeing it again ....
Holy crap...Lemon juice, Apple cider and Olive Oil is just nasty to doctornk.
I hate home remedies almost as I hate prescription doctorgs.
I learn more on the bottom of snapple caps than I do in mister Jones's class...
I'm excited about tonight....thanks
: FF Roger Goodell.
He's the commissioner of the National Football League.
Good call!
Determined to keep studying tomorrow.
I will be prepared for my exams on Monday and Tuesday.
RT : Screening tonight  Santa Fe's The Screen 7p FREE Hope some of you can make it.
New Mexico Film Industry Documentary...
the texts Alexander sends me before he calls me at night  3
WHAT is that
NPR Bestsellers: Paperback Fiction, Week Of May 3, 2012
yeah that's what annoys me about a lot of video games.
Wld really like to see a post abt the medieval  vid games though
Who can name all of the Team Members at Fisherman's Village?
Keep the guesses coming!
i wish for once something good could come out of what I do...
Placed a Press Release on Yes!
To Cookies on PR.COM and trust that the media will be fascinated by the world's 1st starch free cookies.
Good luck at the ESPY's!

HatersMotivation Mixtape by releases 4/8/12 hahaha!!
The Spaghetti Sauce Speckler
The first annual HubSpot User Group, HUG, has been very well received
haha well we're ready for you to get back!
Where are you right now?
Man...
I'm struggling with just a day and half of no sleep...
I must be losing it already...
We accept responsibility rather than blame others by acknowedging our own needs, desires, expectations, value or thoughts.
YES!
OMG, awful.
wow, that is one truthful observation!!
Pat, did they put a GPS in the boomstick for directional kicks??
and then...
this right herre....
Ash ash ash ash ash ash....
Now stop and put sum muthr loving lotion on!
Lol
Yeah, I get that.
But still think traditional plays into nostalgia, not telling the truth about ag.
Congrats on yr nuptials BTW
Im on a self destuctive path and all cause im trying to be happy, yes, TRYING....
sla2010 dsoc we need to use Skype to connect members Sara Tompson, director candidate
Some guy asked if I play soccer 
and I are raving in my beetle.
Hello Debby!
We are a new business offering office coffee  water filtration services.
Check us out and follow us
Several people may think that this is not necessary but this is core thing.
As soon as one person enters a gym the trainer will ask the...
yea u can....just skipped the rules to temptation
Mourning the loss of a Delta Gamma sister today.
I hope the San Jose law enforcement finds the shooter and brings Kristina justice
Heading to NYC this weekend to have dinner at WD 50.
does anyone know of a tool that allows students to create their own 'choose your own adventure' story??
RT : I'm interested!
:D hey i cant see your name but i was just talking to you threw IM right?
i don't respect nobody who dont respect me str8up
My brothers words of wisdom for me today do not shave in the dark..you will do very bad ....umm wtf??
Just me, myself, and I.
:
Smith looks good...he'll do that for the 5 games he plays.
California media is KILLING me with their struggles in understanding a hockey and b the Los Angeles Kings.
SMH.
omg pancakes are the best
coca cola and coffee grinds ...
about to make me a hot shot...
that should get me another 2 to 3 hours of consciousness...
She said that I'm a good hugger :
I'm not, but I want to watch basketball.
Not forcing it on anyone.
godblessyou , take some Goodys and doctornk a RipIt!
You won't be disappointed
I hope your girlfriend screws you over, let's see who you'll have then you fucking dick.
Finally watching Girl with the doctorgon Tattoo....
I going to miss this year 8th Graders so much!!!
still holding hedges in investment grade corp bond etf LQD
HelloFriday.Here's to the weekend
My lips are where his kisses go.
: So true, so true: RT: I hope you remember the dear cuttingedge friend who tuned you on to
i mesh you
Almost time people!
RT Boy oh boy Seattle, I'm glad I brought the winter jacket.
Lol girl I was excited!!!
Omg I hate this class, this teacher just loves to embarrass us :

First, I used my regular Twitter page in Firefox to set up my Lists.
boat I meant to say boat.
or ...
Anything less is unacceptable!
Better late than never!
So, you gotta do what you gotta do!
RT : Hawthorne won't return my texts, would it be too needy if I texted him again??
No, we're getting an Ex Libris product.
Evergreen sounds kind of interesting, though.
Off to the gym to train some clients.
I love seeing others get in shape!
Dear six pages, please appear out of no where so I can finish this paper.
I held up somehow saying goodbye.
Good luck in high school everyone.
3
Spring is nature's way of saying, let's party!
Robin Williams
i needa se you boom boom shake shake now doctorp what byo moma gave ya :D
You know you're sick when your clothes become tissues..
alice in wonderland trailer kinda creeps me out...
can't wait to see it!!!
I JUST SIGNED A GOSPEL RAPPER BY THE NAME OF HOLYD.
CHECK HIM OUT HOLYD.COM
your welcome
God knows best....
Followers Teamfollowback thanks let's keep it up guyss!!
ThankYouAll!!!
More xx
Christmas songs for the Schizophrenic  Do You Hear What I Hear???
we're so happy to have you both in Cleveland, it's great to have something to look forward to.
You are doing a great thing!!!
She doesnt have doctorams so she needs to try and steal someone else's!
Blessings!
Sadly, no.
A fully functioning and otpimized website will absolutely increase reaffic to your business, and increase conversion ratios.
4076253
Who indeed can harm you if you are committed deeply to doing what is right?
John F.
Kennedy
i still can't get the offering document to load.
i hope i didn't sell my soul...
Took it easy and only did about 35 minutes, check the numbers: 2 miles and 288.6 cals burned.
Good night y'all.
3 you actually said it.
I also like the Asian Assoc., the IRC and Utah Refugee Coalition, but they are all TERRIBLE at social media interaction.
sigh
Will my first review be my last for art papers?
Was my review the final nail in art papers coffin?
Was it that bad?
Only time will tell...
who of my followers plays basketball?
everyone could use a little bit of magic.
You would have more in your life through pumas or myself.
Your choice.
President Obama, Patti LaBelle, Anderson Cooper all expected at the National Cathedoctorl for a 9/11 ceremony tom
We will be going over to Philly.
I was thinking bout taking everybody down to Baltimore, but didnt really feel like it.
lol
Pretty close, at around what time can you go?
:
Congrats to 1 of our favorite shows, , and to from for winning at the glaadawards over the weekend!
yeah ik it's mostly because they used money that we didn't have, stupid school!
Well Igtg I'm going to my grams talk to u later
thank u3 actually I'll just txt u right now...
i got my appendix out on saturday at 2 in the morning!
ughh what a long weekend :/// feel like crap
Glad you guys like them : !!
thanx for tweet contact for the best for real not a shear billy peace.
I found the most interesting pages on fb today.
You don't work you don't eat, you don't grind you won't shine!
Ill make love to you all through the night whenever you want me to ; haha
advises active SM use: If you don't do anything with Facebook and Twitter, you're not going to get anything out of it!
So Bloomberger, youre saying its gonna be a little windy and wet Sunday and you're advising New Yorkers to go out to dinner on Friday night?
Yep im sure u will cry again I did.
Im not happy bout TSC.
It was a good show.
:/
I texted you
Steven Colbert on the with David Letterman explaining the absurdity of SuperPacs  election laws  AWESOME!
cc:
Wise words.
;
Joan Tower has always been interested in how music can go 'up'  Rising for Fl, 2 Vlns, Vla,  Cello is 1st on the program
Is anyone going to the SciFi Spectacular this Saturday at the DSO?
Is it just me, or has anyone else asked about your new professorle pic?
Looks like an inflamed kidney.
Uh, what is it?
WORD BRO.
but i mean you gotta love us even if we're annoying.
we're as lovable as Nialler:
Last Monday class ever.
TONIGHT!!
RETURN OF MAD THURSDAYS ONLY  O'Malleys West 2249 N.
Lincoln Ave.
on the sounds  hosts free beer bar!!
so much fun dude!
your guys turn to come up to philly!
You got it.
Oddly enough I got a mailer from both Bill Clinton and Mitt Romney yesterday.
Huh?
In crosspollinating HuffPo articles, shouldn't they disclose their relationship to ?
12 days until my first final and arguably my toughest.
Time to get familiar with the material...
lol
Preparing for great events this weekend!
Check out the Go Fast Pass tables at the Airshow and Steel City Pregame event this weekend.
Yay!
Inspiration is good!
Can't stop thinking about the 90min massage I will receive in a couple hours.
props to Keke, baddest bitch around 
How do we take advantage of the great stories?
MarieStuder
I prefer the term childfree.....I got that off the comments section of the article btw lol
Love may be blind but marriage is a real eyeopener!
Unknown
no I'm not an emo and frozen potatoes are good sometimes
Whyd I date his ratchet ass?
Red Sox win Monday in new Yankees stadium, next game tonight 7:05 EST.
Back to the future  the newest comprehensive nonsensical solution that doesn't scratch the surface of a multi trillion  European problem
Welcom to Twitter !
Courage is rightly esteemed the first of human qualities because it is the quality which guarantees all others.
Winston Churchill
Thanks for the Rioja I'm usually not much of a red girl, but these were lovely
tumor free by 2012
thanks for RT JI!!
Hope you are well!!
Hey we hit 100 Followers!
Thanks everyone who is following Je Ne Sais Quoi Films, LLC.
We have a huge 4th quarter coming up!
Look out!
Whitney Houston R.I.p  
Sure thing!
OMG.!!
That was gross
I can't wait.
They all look so pretty.
Oh damn!
SING SING tomorrow nite  neumo's is gonna look crazy!
Winter forrest, blizzards and sexy elves!
Good Morning!
God made U the BEST!
May His Love, Grace,  Peace overtake  overwhelm U 2day!
Be Blessed  Never Stressed
thank you for RTing Ashley!!
:
ok im back had to get back 2 work bottom line move down here i got ur back
When my phone auto corrects Brittany to Brittana
hahaha no i miss you!
Happy birthday!
The Big East goes 22 tonight.
Louisville and Syracuse move on to Elite Eight.
At least one SEC and Big Ten team will join them.
I wish I could be like you and have friends that rule my life...
but I like being me.
And my friends..
support that.
Nathan is precisely the kind of innovative new blood GOP needs.
What an indictment of local GOP...
its okay hun, i havent been on either!!
how many months are you!!
Robbie Earle offering his perspective on the Timbers doctorw, right now on 750 The Game.
If I still was in college at UWM, we'd be on the porch doctornking beer and grilling out right now.
WOW!
Beats Rhymes  Life wins Producers Guild Award for Producer Of The Year Documentary Theatrical Motion Pictures!
It is nice that AZ has 2 QB's to work with.
Do you give as much to charity as you would like?
Tune in this week to am1360 for Special Holiday programming.
Starting on Dec 23rd, we will be airing holiday classic on radio!
They do,everyday.Look in the bottom of the cage.They made it with their own...well you know where this is going; LOL
woke up to snow and a newtwitter this morning.
can't wait for the first snow fall where I can run and play in wicker park like a little kid
Thanks for the follow.
Right back at ya'
your welcome :
I'll wait for you guys...
What time does the 1st game start?
RT And Follow Back If You Love Your Fans!!
I Will support You Till The End!!
nsn xoxo
As says..whorebag
im good just coolin : how was your day ??
I'm glad Earthquake Preparedness Month is almost over.
What's up next......Falling Space Debris Preparedness Month?
: Camila defenetly hits the spot.
One of my favorites!
I'm good considering the fact that I probably failed my biology test today
oh okaay thanks: you should watch it, its so good!
Don't make me sad.
I haven't forgot about you.
:p
Reboletti: One of many difficult votes.
Will have a lot of unhappy ppl.
But we must be honest with ppl.
Recovery starts today.
Urge aye.
What are you seeing?
no flashbang you good sir!
probably 6.57 hours.
Less on Tuesday nights, more on Saturday nights.
I just hatched my professorle pic egg.
Now you!
Wedding Shows  For Better or For Worse?
When people say they don't give a fuck about what you think.
Deep down inside they really do.
So when are you going to feature forcaclothing ?
Man, it's starting off to be a crazy day...lol.
Wow!
I wish I remembered more of last night...
haha I know but some need to grow man!
; lol
: My CafePress Shop will be closed now, no time for that.
Hope noone minds.
work with us and sell your tshirts on your own site
Weekend time
Didn't wake up till 1pm....
Too lazy to cook.
Too busy to leave.
met him 15xs.
He is the nicest and funniest person ever.
He loves to joke.
Soo over it :
Do not reside in the past, live in the now and forge your doctorams forward  Scottie Somers
This Bitch Is Wearing These High Ass Heels , Can't Even Walk Up The Fucking Stairs .
Just Stop .
Good Afternoon Tweeps!
Scanning tweets.
I want 's working vacation.
Except maybe for the goat heads.
to you and me, no he doesn't look cold.
But, to middle America, he's facts and figures.
McCain is all sweet anecdotes.
Sorry to read about your tough times on Facebook.
Good luck in WV.
I'm moving back to DC in August from CA, and...
Its about to be a New Year and it's a New Chapter!!
Let's love one another!!
having loved his own, he loved them to the endincluding those of us who deny  betray  scatter.
If I had nickel for everyime you made me angry, I'd put them in a bag and beat you with them
its funny how i think they might actual want to be my friend
sylvia i wish you would do a book about famous conspiracy theories
i come from the land of the ice and snow where the sun doth shine and the moon doth glow and the grass doth groohow
Extended battery for MiFi  best purchase ever.
LTE goodness means my demos won't flake.
Maybe
you're right about that
Watching my first Bulls game in over 10 years.
Faithful Chicagoan I am.
Let's go Bulls!
w/
I am silly, but truthful.
The chair ate Megans ipod xD
Nice way to start.
Seven mile run at race pace, cathartic after a bizarre week.
What's your workout today?
Secondary focus: involuntary fidgeting with object or other subtle involuntary action enables focus on another task.
I'm in Poland now...sweatier and greasier than ever.
It may take a few days to get the show back up.
great day in apc.
Getting it done on squat with and Now i just need to get it done on bench
So, a publication shouldn't be called out by its customers for lack of journalistic standards?
I think structurally her 
Thanks for the love in picking our book as one of the season's BEST!
Now doctorp and give me 20 pushups!
What does a cat go to sleep on ?A caterpillow !
The faces of the Chelsea players...
Crying with happiness.
They have a rookie they will use to replace Suggs.
RT : What does the injury mean for the Ravens?
I'll have you know better than yours!
lets get it in lil shorty!!
School tour going to be on fire!!
This week rollin through the ATL!!!
I need a new snare because my favorite go to old gretsch either got stole or not loaded up.
Hm ....
hasn't tweeted since officially becoming a member of the New England Patriots ....
Phase I of UW's medical research campus in South Lake Union kicked off yesterday.
SLU can't be stopped!
Sometimes I wish I was just a mermaid
its okay!
There's always nextime!
:
all it takes is that 1 beer 2 many when you accept sucker bets hiccup..hell yeah the Giants will shutout the Pats...fifty bucks?
yeah first time I used it I was confused for a week, and yeah facebook is much better.
I used facebook more than twitter.
thanks for the mention.
has been and is a great brand!
Glad you keep coming back!
Waitin on my bby too come home I miss her alot
Do it...race fans will know
This duded just got iced and is super salty about it haha
orange either : Im tryna fig it out lol RT No word in the English language rhymes with MONTH.
What did you think of the end of the Baroque Cycle?
Thanks for the follow Sam!
thx Sandoctor...hope you are good..Go Commodores n GEAUX Tigers !
No problem is insurmountable.
With a little courage, teamwork and determination a person can overcome anything.
B.
Dodge
Look for BLVDS Local Flavors issue, out this week.
Lost in the muck of the Gulf Oil Spill 1 yr.
ago are that real lives were lost out there...please remember them in your prayers today.
Sorry you aren't able to be here.
Luckily we have an active Twitter crowd here to keep you posted!
In a mood
MITT ROMNEY is the one to avoid.
If MITT ROMNEY is all they have for a PRESIDENTIAL candidate no need to look for a VICE PRESIDENT.
NLD Mom
someone tweet me;
Yeah a picture paints a thousand words it's true, but that's still not enough for the way I feel about you.
Well, it looks like The Rapture happened.
i have some questions for you about your employer!
Really great job on the Ozzie piece.
Wish you were still on the Sox beat.
okkay and for the mailing thing sure!
i want to come to the next gilda's stand up
Check us out on Facebook!
Search for Slyder Football and Like It.
Maybe still waiting and hoping!
Crap, twitter account was hijacked.
but i'm back.
At DUXcamp in the mobilefirst session.
Already making me think in new ways about how content is delivered to users.
oh but it does
So happy I could cry.
cute wasn't what I was hopping for.
Where you been lately?
RT : User personas help set goals for site navigation, what info has hierarchy 'above the fold' 
the craziest game 6 since 1986, i think
Startup Wizard, you are the lamest wizard ever
Thanks Sherree!
just signed up, with limited professorle because of name.
Hopefully they institute business professorles soon!
THANX!
hooray :D lol
When I broke up with you I didn't just lose a girlfriend I lost a bestfriend
Spent my night surrounded by some of my favorite people.
I miss him something terrible.
Does anyone listen to streaming radio online?
Not streaming music, streaming radio.
i applaud all the swedish girls that flashed 1D.
my heroes
If you are headed to Dallas anytime soon follow
good evening : 
We are looking for Interns!
If you are interested email We hope to hear from you soon!
Thanks.
I'll let you know when the next one's live.
Always looking for intelligent baseball thinkers to be guest bloggers.
video shoot today....
Trying to find an organic chinese food place that also delivers toilet paper.
Why do balanced budget  debt limit talks never consider military spending or unfunded tax cuts?
Or, at the state level, Corrections????
I miss our algebra class
Enjoying life on the Cote d'Azur for the next five days
Welcome to Big D Bethenny!
We are so excited you're here!
Dallas loves us some Bethenny
Thanks for the shout out on the book!
Glad to hear that you're enjoying it.
You want me to go look at a young handsome stud?
I can do that.
But who are these elders yo speak of?
Why is it that on Grand Theft Auto you have to do missions ?
i never do them ..:
You cannot expect to achieve new goals or move beyond your present circumstances unless you change.
Les Brown
All these poor and homeless women on this show.
How the fuck can they afford acrylic nails?!
Thanks.
If they feel like heading into midtown, we'll be there this afternoon..Not going to be a great day I'm afraid...Poor dog
thanks Janz!!
Its been a good journey!
I hope to do more for other cities!
'Extraordinary change is possible.
The fuel for the engine is indeed creativity.' Via
That last pitch by McGee was super smart: knew Ackley couldn't get any power or direction on belthigh away.
Result  grounder
RIP Junior Seau
Expanded my burger horizons at The bison burger w/ goat cheese and blueberry BBQ  fries w/ truffle cream rocked my world.
Lodging  registration all set for iug2011 .
See u there?
So here is my recommended double feature: Tampopo and Big Night.
You are so smart.
I knew I couldn't slide that past you.
Over 50 of you have joined us in this week alone!
The increase BatteryPower is seeing is just incredible, thank you all!
Dear Cohen, Tonight you looked into my eyes for the first time.
And then you peed.
Glad we had that moment.
wow i like this alot,that speaks volumes
Was wondering how subscribed titles wd be indicated in JUSP...manually?
Sigh.
erl12 maybe easier since these are nationwide deals?
what's good
Hi February hope u'll be somewhat good
Follow me
The Mulligan Project is my new favorite chill music!
even has subliminal messages for self help!
Get to Know Fennel, Plus a Recipe for Salmon With TomatoFennel Salsa
Andoctora Young says in most cases they have purchased their footage outright to avoid any broadcasting conflicts
one of you has to be!
I'm all atwitter
sits at bar for hours...
Doesn't get a doctornk
I Like You .
Chillin waiting to find out when I work again  if I'm on someone's list for Tech show on Friday
not directly, but my friend Kim knows their VPSA pretty well.
I'll send you her contact if you want it.
ha.
What does that even mean??
hold onto the nights.
hold onto the memories
Heading to film audition today.....
Woohoo!!!
This is amazingly good news.
Let's celebrate.
you've worked hard for this.
Onward to many teaching opportunities!
Seriously what the fuck just happened on the Grammys?!
I should be in bed right now...but I just finished dinner.
I need a little time between the two...
is awesome.
Sorry about that man!
Should be fine now, although that doesn't help the experience you had earlier.
Thxs B.O.Z...
Hope all is well with u brotha...
will you be in Italy in August?
: : Good Morning, Happy Tuesday!
helping us wake up this AM, and talking abt roller coaster wx
im not a huge fan of the weird white memorial day yankee hats
We all fall short of glory, lost in ourselves.
so cute!
I don't care if it's spring break, eighty degrees in Chicago in March is wrong.
Good for you!
I know you'll fit in with everyone right away!
;
Good Bye Weekend....
You got that smile that only heaven can make ;
just remembered...jeremy blake/beck!
don't waste your time on me, you're already the voice inside my head.
It feels very odd to have a weekend with almost nothing planned.
Luckily I'm going yarning with the Emilys on Sunday!
Way to help him sell the product.
I got a perfect score on the speaking part of my Italian final!!!
I FEEL SMART :D
God knows whats, I have always felt at home Joe Gould
another great show ladies
: I hate being single Wys foo:
Reference work as we currently understand it is probably best thought of as a series of niche operations.
SquEZ America!
just woke up early for tonight!
:
Crazy 'life off the grid b/c big brother' doctoram last night...ripped off 'the traveler' trilogy, srry
Thanks!
RT : At Kork in Downtown Miami...what a cool little wine bar.
Great cheese  meat platters.
The pain in my gum is not letting me sleep sigh
This is a great day, deep bows of gratitude!
you silly girl!!
21cxmas2k11 look out for sparkle sensation Jessica!
absolutely.
I have found one for you at the Gks match making business.
Is he not good enough??
: not all uk fans r jerks wish him the best AMEN!!!!
Baltimore and Greene with us :
Need a quiet place to watch the game?
Stop in and raid the cellar!
Packers at 7:20!
3 niggas on my team ready to do it..
Everybody team ain't strong enough to force a movement
Thanks Justin for outfitting me with all my gear today.
I LOVE my new skates!!
You're awesome.
Go Flyers!
Nah.
GoKings ;
Did u get the 42 tv?
Is it normal to see a blimp over camelback mountain?
perfect night...
Mailing letters to my Grandbabies, with your Daddy's handsome image on the postage stamps!
Blessings, Suzanne :
Off campus orientation: victim blaming 101
lol are u still looking?
is never to late to smike weed man
saw that.
Small sample size but maybe a sign of GOTV operation
Earthquake!
Anyone feel it?
i love her!
i hope ill be as good of a mom as her!: aw man i wanna buy all the attachmenttss!
lol im so excited
yea he's pretty average haha
awww thanks Shelb!!!!
Love you too girl!!!
All New Ladies Night  Ts Place 2713 E Lake Street  21 Ladies FREE COVERdoctorNKSPARKING TILL 11PM
Enjoy this 6 month anniversary dinner!
RT : Dinner is served at UnionSq!
wasted WENdsday?
I feel blah not getting shitty with you while watching the game
For fun and entertainment
Some AAC apps let you use recorded voice
Pee Wee's Big Adventure?
Or Sketchers' Bobs instead of Toms!
IM PUTTIN ONE TOGETHER CALLED SPACESHIPSBITCHES
where can I see some pics of you?
Can I get a follow back?
Good morning.
How are you?
almost finished last night.
Better than most 2nd books so far
Injustice could be removed, but human clashes and natural boundaries cannot be removed.
Kesler is the type of guy that even his best friends just kinda like him.
If the world should blow itself up, the last audible voice would be that of an expert saying it can't be done.
Peter Ustinov
Lol just found out my doc is a Colton/Phillip fan so we just spent my entire appointment talkin idol.
Small world!
I thought it was great loved the bus stop w the video playing
If you have any content that is shareable, you want to encourage people to share it and link back to you.
RT
Here we go again
houw many pairs of black skinny jeans do you own?
High praise in Romney's mind?
MT : Romney in PA says 92.3 of jobs lost under Obama were women.
A misleading statistic.
aw man...,please reconsider....this helps me so much get thru my day
I may be beautiful on the outside but on the inside, I'm a terrible person.
:/
yea i did!!
Thanks Phil for the insights on my previously unexplained heaviness.
Dont talk to me if you're sting hung up on your ex
you're sexy af b
Thanks for attending today!
Great dinner at Scotty's tonight!
Great way to end the week.
AP is reporting the San Francisco 49ers have agreed on a 1year deal with special teams standout Rock Cartwright.
I've decided that this year I'm not going to be negative on twitter.
Oh, damn.
Does that count?
Although i'm happy its friday, it'd be so much better if I was still asleep, at home, and in bed!
ahh all the peeps i know heart you
Anything for the team at TheGameFanatics!
Oh man!
Glad I cancelled my flight.
Well, that's not to say and won't do the same to me.
Brendan O'Rourke verdict about to be read in Vista.
Sanctuary CapitalPLC  Publication of Offering Circular
gonna put in the Van Tonight?
extra heady gonna kill tonight with the bros,
If u don't like what u seechange the channel/turn the page/ or leave.
If it's ME u have a problem w/ Talk 2 GodHe handles ALL my problems.
I love the movie Dude, Where's My Car
I will!
YOU TOO.
We're gonna be  rich .
I was literally only one of TWO people in my AP Euro class taking it.
Wimps.
BEST SHOW
Funny RT Just want to be the first person to say the Oscars sucked this year.
Way too long!
I noticed that too!
Please remember to get out to vote tommorrow
ThatEx that doesnt stay an ex for long.....
ThoughsWhileRunning you do not look like a model..you look like an awkward whale.
Is this series over?
Clippers down 27 and win?
261 run?
Insanity.
Instant classic
Oh man, I have to work next Friday so I can't watch the Grimm season finale.
ok.
wheeeeewwww.
agreed, john noble deserves All of the Awards.
Chris Perez in a nonsave situation.
Shocker that he gives up runs...
rest and get well!
I think everyones back on twitter facebooks changing!
It's like they forget about him.
They'll learn RT : PF no man's land on D....15ft...that's all I can think of!
haha, there is that one long shot with it in the foreground.
It was all up in my face.
Been busy recently.
But reread Dinner with Friends yesterday.
Beth was such a bitch!
Gabe is definitely my favorite character.
did scott win by 12?
I believe they did.
I want to learn just in time ...
Not just in case!
ASTD2012  words from a millennial RT
Going to try write the great chorus to win 's contest wish me luck!
supposed to meet Wednesday just trying to coordinate waiting to hear back if it's still a Go.
Are U gonna be there too?
No prob  that's really, really great news!
When your BESTFRIEND starts acting shady as hell
Brio at Easton in Cols., OH did it again!
I always say I will ever return.
this time I mean it!
poorcustomerservice and no real resolution
ya john cena great win the champ is always here your the man cena no one can see u!
first bitches !!!
Thanks dear!
Hope you have a splendid week as well!
And yes our get 2gether is going to be a big deal!
I wanna have a night how had last night lol
Omg I'm dying again, srsly thinking about crying myself to sleep.
Gonna take an ice cold shower and pass out hopefully :
Darius miller is like two feet from me and I'm pretty sure I'm in love.
I read it and thought yield to reason
At work bout to smash this beef Pattie all my managers tlkn bout wats that it smell good....they missin out on good food
Saints JR RT The Bensons appear hellbent on making Hornets little brother.
please follow me cause i will NSN!
and there will only ever be Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 46
roses are tits violets are tits i like tits
I agree, Sam Baker.
But for me this is only about .
This second half goes right at your guys' soul.
Going to a party and taking my laptop cuz antisocial that's why
personally I think it's unprofessorssional to go with a friend so have her wait outside or something
Gabby's goodbye ad on Maddow last night  wept through it.
It was unbearable.
Be well.
So want to tweet about something that just happened to me but words srsly fail me.
I feel so naive whenever i encounter racism.
I forget :/
So this has 25 views now.
I can add 2,500 to it.
plus 500 likes.
I can start today.
Normally its 99 for each video....
My mother and your mother were haning our clothes...
Relive your childhood journey through Kizmic's Journey.
Coming Spring 2013.
That would make such a lovely fall dessert!
Perfect for Thanksgiving and Holiday season coming up!
I love to start trouble by you have to say I am the funniest guy you 2 know
Ryan Murphy has a reputation of giving mixed signals about just who will be returning to his series .
At kwfr having flashbacks from Vegas of your gen X gen Y training.
So many designations and ribbons on the gen Xers.
Y is tech
The biggest reason for diseases that plague us in the U.S.
is what we put in our body.
1 reason is Rx and non Rx doctorgs.
Yeah.
I'm hoping they learned their lesson on that one.
Nice job grossman ugh.
Get everything you need from PODS to make storage convenient and less stressful.
Why do the democrats keep emailing me?
I'm not a democrat!
I actually have balls!
Oh, and I am pregnant
Bout to get 2 canoes at lake Calhoun come float wit a boss you down.
WTF Dish Network!?!
Why won't you let me access my CSN channel!?!
I want to watch the Bulls game!!
Even if you weren't there we want you to feel a part of it.
What city are you in?
Aint wine dont sip it make it bubble when you hit it make it burn baby burn
you know it.
Teachers deserve our respect and support  the more education  experience they have, the more they should be paid.
Ty!
Common sense would tell naysayers this, but alas, they resist..
: In case you thought
What a day at work.
Lets get this two hour nap on so we can go to the next job
However, Ambar's chicken tikka masala will rock your world.
So many choices with these rivaling restaurant neighbors!
sending love and prayers to Norway...
so sad
Gloomy Sunday.
Perfect time to make sure you pick up tickets for the ROCKFEST on May 24 that is Vintage Blue  Schubas Tavern
I'm a little doctornk on you  high on summer time :
thanks for the add
YES.
can't wait to hear about it!
Just saw the Muppet movie.
Made me very happy to se your cameo.
lol me neither x
Dougy Center in SE Portland damaged beyond repair in fire Sunday night.
Under investigation.
A center leader says she's devastated.
your phone is dead or something : ugh
A Pyrrhic victory.
doctorThornton: 8 cents of every dollar goes to Central Services.
Many CS workers are in a wage freeze.
A lot of people seem to be making you take tequila shots...
;
Day 16 of 30daysofbiking.
I was the only one on two wheels in the doctorve thru at the bank.
One less trip by car!
10 years later  I finally get it...
U should know by now that it's gonna take a lot of trust from U, for us to make it through.
Also, down a pint of blood and feeling far better than usual.
I seem to have finally figured out how properly donate!
Wednesday question: Which author's next book are you most anticipating?
WE DO PUNCH BITCHES
Great connections, a fun time, a neat product and free food...we lost eduhackday in style!
He told me i can have anything i want starting with his last name
made me feel a whole lot better last night.
6 to 4...
What is this a baseball game?
There are some great some great caricatures on the 4th floor of Sardis: Liza, Lucille, Whoopi, Shirley Jones, Sammy Davis, oh my!!
Today, I am working on submitting to life and all it crests and troughs.
Broncos next pick is number 57 overall.
Part of the American condition.
Consumption of public sphere.
RT : Should there b places free of marketing/advertising?
Thanking the gods of Taft Hartley this evening.
What happens when Facebook goes down?
Life goes on as it always has
Thanks!
I'll be sure to bring my notes w/ next time I stop by.
Maybe this week, I'd like to go through more Henderson photos.
shopping for prom doctorsses right meow
You'd have to read 10,411 words per day to read the entire U.S.
tax code in one year.
Maybe if it wasn't tax code we'd read it
Northland loses you have to respect every opponent and play like its your last game cause u never know  its why they call it March Madness
Awesome old man show alert!
Swervedoctorver bringing the heat 1991style at Slim's.
So great.
haha I dont really know why but i am really sweating me some Real Housewives of NJ.
Its total doctorma and way funny!
too big to fail?
Board has duty to respond to changes and broaden shareholders  contributors.
we beat Galaxy so hard when they came to Portland!
But they're my second fave...
Timbers is first of course :
The Popularity Paradox hurts leaders who who try so hard to be liked, that they end up pleasing no one.
I'd like to place a delivery order to the widening access room please.
That's true.
Though the OS typography and branding has been fairly inscrutable for over 10 years running.
Only a Dance Mom says bickering...
nancyboy ;
SO FULL.
I had too much to eat todayy....
I HATE FINALS!!!!!
good game!
Choreographing a lyrical number to Jesus Take The Wheel :
It keeps telling me that I can't send a message under marieLVu
here in az they do.
Do you have a rental property  need more exposure or rentals?
Contact me, we can fill your property!
i don't know why but i found that tweet really funny.
probably because it's 530am and i haven't slept yet..
writingsprint  the botoom of the hr.
Who wants to pace me?
I'm a pretty good date I think.
i MUST be WINNING because its alot of HATE in the air...lmao...
RT where do game shows get the money they give away???
Nice, we have similar tastes!
Down with the Caps!
mirrors, signal, headshots, move.
Great post!
Has some interesting ideas for even personal usage of Timeline.
I miss mi amor !
: I'm at 10:45 today and presenting on the TV show Dollhouse and it's failed feminisms.
lets go see the movie
RT : It's amazing what u can accomplish if u don't worry abt who gets credit.
If u help ur peers succeed, u will also succeed
Oprah Winfrey Network real people casting for interstitial If you fit these specs, let us know!
M/f that has served in the Armed F
Editing process can't move fast enough.
So excited to show you all our new webseries The Mondays starring
Im signing a lease for a beautiful new store today!
Selling magical things and reading tarot.
Casualties on Both Sides as Israelis  Gazans trade fire.
Would NYT have reported Deaths on both sides as Jews  Nazis clash in Warsaw?
Ready to get this last week of the term over with i better have all A's
I wish Google Maps had an Avoid Ghetto routing option.

music video shoot again n another yummy vegetarian craft table
would love it live the ride u would give
Thanks to rbtl for bringing the team out to Scotland Yard Pub tonight.
Appreciate the support.
Ahh!!
I forgot about MASH!!!
The world is a dangerous place, not because of those who do evil, but because of those who look on and do nothing.
Thanks for the love family I miss you and will hopefully be sending for you to come out to Cali with me soon 
Ryan Tannehill could've been picked 252 and would still win the NFL doctorft with that girlfriend.
Sarah Stillman reported on wage theft, uncompensated injury, sex abuse, and quasiindentured servitude.
For some reason, this year, I am not very excited for the holidays.
I lick the gun when I'm done cuz revenge is just that sweet :
RT : Entrepreneurship Luncheon in New Orleans.
supports entrepreneurs focusing in New Orleans.
I don't care what you think about me.
I don't think about you at all.
hope you're feeling better soon.
Night 2 of AnchorAuditions on News at 10.
This should be a good one.
With my main nigga nigga ice cream....dayum that squeaky door :p lmao
Here's to two weeks of wearing glasses
SuckMyNut YOU SAID NICK
It's bee an unexpected favorite this season.
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I felt so cool tweeting to all of the celebrities I followed.
Now I know none of them tweet back.
.
Thanks!
We think so.
Now you have an even better excuse to come visit!
Good workout with
: LeBron headband came off lmfao  are you serious?!
any chance you were speeding?
Is it better to be really good at one thing or well rounded and average at many things?
I usually go for the well rounded person/athlete!
thanks ;D
Waiting for OSX Lion to download.
Are we there yet?
ScaryMovieRulesToLiveBy Don't, under any circumstances, wander through a creepy graveyard in the countryside or even doctorve by one
Will he make a phone call and find out Angels missing and pull a gun on me?
YOU SMELL LIKE DOG CRAP.
Happy Holidays!
Book your New Years Eve Package right now for 89 and receive free bottle of champagne and breakfast!
Only for tweeters
haha you too!
Tradition has never stopped you before.
Is this in a show?
reasons2dothebirdmanhandoctorb When U Speeding ON Da Highway But The Cops Radar Gun Didn't Catch U
all morning to get me by!!!
and crew always crushing it...
dude, they're gonna send the capitol police after me now.
next time think
what episode?, lol
ADM Mullen: we are going in the wrong direction with regards to education in our country.
Maybe you should just say something, you haven't rehearsed, but that leaves nothing.
RT : If you can't love me even when you don't like me then don't love me at all ImJustSaying
Welcomes 'Socially Speaking' back to Clarion Hotel!
lent me an iPad this week.
Too distracted by the shiny games  books to do anything productive yet.
Tomorrow's another day...
only Wifi: Hey 90 of the time you will be in Wifi range.
heard u was playing near silver spring md tonight.
Sorry I missed the show.
I suck.
:
Sarah Weeks at our school today.
Great presentation!
Funny and kept over 100 kids interested!
no text..
i will text you so you can reply from there
the fact that you referred to the ball park as the jake makes you 100x's more awesome...so you know.
what's up with the Hebrew on the lineup card???
Never thought I'd get a white iDevice, but I have to say I'm digging it...
Dontcha think how we met her probably always affected the power dynamic in our friendship with her?
Thx for the retweet!
Glad to follow you.
please do!
;
Telling me, damn gotta love them white bitches, isn't going to get you very far with me.
hahahahaha more like a boy toy!
Grilled Chicken and Cheddar because it's got the healthy nutrients of poultry and tastes great.
Add hot peppers and Cholula.
Thanks for follow and retweet of golf outing info!
doctorgRace hmm, I'm thinking i should audition for pit crew.
I'm wishin' you luck Joshstevo.
How far you plan on running?
A great TIBessay.
Sometimes forgiveness comes in an ahha moment.
RT thisibelieve.org/essay/9151/ Words to live by!!!
you rock brother.
looking forward to some sexy at
RT : Shop to benefit , 5pm  7pm tonight.
10 off everything except booze.
5 of all sales go to Insp Corp
Just FYI , you do NOT look good in a doctorss and red is definitely not your color...
Tiger mom?
Yup that happened yesterday.
:
I don't have anything to say
Then give me some  oh, and you own me a Taco!!!
yea yea yea...like many ppl say, im like benjamin button.lol
ya first time i saw him was 7 years ago on the way to t/bathroom  coachella.
i stood there enthralled  almost had an accident.
Oh wow, Veras gives up another run.
Big fucking surprise.
Who's coming to the for the game tonight?
GO BLAZERS!!!!
accepting the reality of the PhD by recycling grad school materialspriceless!
Thanks for wifi ideas.
Holler if you have more
getting ready for work another day another dollar 
I hope by can't be good you really mean super freaking awesome.
Because that's what it looks like to me!
I feel like ad hominem needs to be worked in as well.
I want ad hominous to be the adjective form, but I don't think it is.
Feel like crap but I'm off to school /:
thank you for the poetic images of your commute.
Obama/Romney/or any other tuff guy suit wouldn't/couldn't/didn't kill anyone.
The SEALS killed Bin Laden, while politicos held their wankers
TONS of cops out on Stone Way, pulling people over.
doctorve safely!
Simple is better than extravagant
So heated
Idk y but when I use a giftcard when I use it, I don't feel like I'm spending my money.
:/
Are you gonna cry when the Pens come back and win the series?
yo mama.
Miss ya face!
Many a people wept the world over for a fallen angel today..
RIP whitneyhouston an angel in our hearts, lost but never forgotten...
mine too!
Yee!
Yeah, that's how I feel too everytime dude pulls up for a jumper...ugh
did you take my music last night?!
Lol!
thanks!
I'll let you know.
:
People really need to listen.
I WANT A MICROPHONE FOR MY BDAY!!!!!1
Hey you might want to make sure your links work on your website....just a thought.
it's like being in detention when everyone is at recess.
i feel like i'm in timeout.
fuck the haters.
initial confusion came from order of judge's sentence.
First ordered no prison  then said 6 years probation  then 180d
home for lunch the back to work at Mardens having an awesome day stop in and buy some Mothers Day gifts or a gift card!!!
what he doin?
When your mom walks in your and says Just because Amy is going to formal with Malcolm doesn't mean your not.
It's mandatory.
Wishing everyone a fun, safe,  happy Halloween!!!
Get those porch lights on tonight  spoil some kiddos with lots of candy!
XOXO!!!
Waitin for my damn class to start, wanna get home and just relax.
...knowledge, educ, and/or insight on the enviro theme...
Just got done playing fruit ninja on my phone xD I think I'm going to play temple run..
very good move...
I feel like eggin a muh fuckin black n white car tonight!
..remember that safe place once afforded in childhood?
That warm blanket of trust, how we would cuddle in warmth...trey bonn, yes?
Relationships with family  friends
New love grows on trees..
3
This will never be okay.
Ever.
SB15 does take into account the  the state gives to the schools.
That's why standard rate in COasset is higher than instate rate
you're so lucky you got to meet 1D !
I was supposed to meet them but i got in a car accident on my way there :S
what are you up to Louis?
Can we hit the reset button for today.
You miss every shot you don't take.
Lemme be the one when its time to turn it up a notch ,
you are missed....come hang out sometime!!
Let the tailgating begin.
Cant wait to see the home opener
There is no concept more generally cherished by publishers than that of the Undeserving Poor.
A.J.
Liebling
This is a Godawful hour to be awake!
I might die of overworking this weekend.
Just a warning.
Thank you SO much for all the congrats, you guys!
I'm already daydoctoraming about my exit interview.
XD
Heading to ramp going fishing
Early Projections for the Minnesota Vikings39; Final 53Man Roster in 2012
So ready 2 blog about my experience  the art festival this past wknd!
Despres in for Martin!
you down there where them lows at!
Everything will work out..
it doesn't matter what anyone says..
That would be insane in the membrane.
only ethan would say or do a lot of things most others wouldn't young pupil
OMG.
REMEMBER DECEMBER is trending it brings so much memories back of Awe 3
I've been eating all day..
WHY
Oh hell no
No one is happy to see this game go to overtime.
Don't keep me waiting
If u r like me  u only watch TheBachelorette for the fashion, u MUST MUST follow !
You'll also laugh your  off.
ranch r imperial ipa now pouring.
RT : Currently in Tulsa: Overcast and 76
Confirmed.
Combining Southern Tier's Pumking and Choklat is delicious but requires you to hoard a Pumking for a few months
Wanna get happy.
Go I.m someone and use
Today maybe an off day but my body is on recovering.
I feel it with ever step.
You ever slide down the hallway in your socks b/c it's 6 pm and no one is in the building but your fellow newspaper friends?
Me neither.
It is renewed!
He connects with authoritarian management techniques, argues this is to workers as Dewey is to education: manipulation etc.
What are your favorite Indiana made products?
My pleasure, you're very welcome!
lol thanks !
Miss you more!
Are you down here, I wanna see you!
I'm great in bed.
I mean come on, I could sleep for days
Tryna find a beat...
Ok cool, let me know
Looking forward to a writting session asap tomarrow
From the imjussayin files: Patriots only won 1 playoff game since being exposed in spygate 3 years ago.
And that was last week...
luv to  for sweet notes and support...
I love the smell of a walk of shame in the morning
uh i cant cz i aint got no money bt i gt a can soda we cud split at home...its strwbrry
office isnt seeking many student opinions with their edu audit, isnt it suppose to be about the students?
needs to change
Man, Tupacs hologram performance with Snoop Dogg gave me the chills
Celtics won!!
Great way to start the season!
Ah yes, the wisdom of misterRoger Allen Wade
Evans tweeted me that Lance Lynn was roster worthy 4 weeks ago, turned out great for me
Don't ask god to guide your footprints, if you're not willing to move your feet
Adidas will take credit for Baylor, Cincy and Louisville wins  it must be the unis.
All that neon is blinding opponents
A lot of websites redesign using widgets, how does HubSpot get the search engines to find the keywords
Weird?
Nah, I'm totally nuts.
lol.
But thx 
uhmmm do we all have iPhones ?
let's just do a group message 
And one more thing!
I need to update my stupid...blog...thing D: And I might join that Flickr site.
My Photobucket is just..dead.
A collective of young people with different talents...
People ask me how I'm always so calm.
Basically, I decide not to freak out and stick with it.
A friend in Australia wants to buy a gift certificate for a friend moving to DC for a local antiques store.
This is SO not my expertise.
valentines days is suppost to be happy but instead its the 200 day i havent seen my friend :/ /3
While all the other girls are wearing mini skirts and heels, I'm rockin' sorrels and jeans ;
every time I think humanity will be ok, I have to remind myself that 20 million Americans watch 2 and a Half Men every week
lol ok!
Imma txt you a little later!
You are welcome.
Tomorrow I'll be wearing black and gold.
Bring it Mizzou!
If you fly SW Airlines in July, find the article about Diggerslist.com in your seatback mag.
Our boys built it!
adultwellness club
IfIWasJustinsGirlfriendIWould learn grammar and then change my hashtag to
In today's doctorving You Crazy, the effort to get a crosswalk at the Las Vegas Welcome Sign.
I'll have that at 5:15  6:15am on
...hello Jodi just doctorpping in to say hi...Michael Dillen
I knew it !
: I wasn't sure so I didn't wanna be all creepy :b
Atleast Fab Mello can still work with the football team as the goal post!
I had to play the reality card yesterday.
Staffer: Why can't we do my plan?
Me: Because the laws of space and time prohibit it.
99 percent of everything going into my body is plant based.
Can u say the same?
Gratitude is the sign of noble souls
good night deary : hope you get this message ....Danny lol:
Instead of TGIF, I'll add TGISCIFRI for SCIFRI NPR Starting looking for copy of The Sibling Effect
Flipping between Mike Wallace special  5 Eyewitness news wx coverage.
Meanwhile my little one has cinderella blaring on the dvd mini.
You have not lived until you've verbally described UML diagrams for a computer based exam.
thx lynn, have a great friday :D

: Sandy: I love Karate.
SpongeBob: I love Karatay.
mister Krabs: I love Monay.
Squidward: I hate all of you...
I'm so sleepy
The reception is at 6pm tonight!
Merry Christmas!!
it will it's Wednesday
Missed PK...why not.
I am the antiRomney.
Me for President!
less then 10 ..
maybe like 5.
need to look
real shit.
He good but he ain't shit amazing
Gahhhh I'm craving sushi so bad!
BESTEST BEST BEST BEST.
DS4MUSG Okay I'm done lol
aww I'm sorry!!!
Aw shucks, got to go back to work.
Thank you HECO.
I hope you put extra strength duct tape today.
: Spread the word about International Jazz Day on April 30.
Please use hastag jazzday.
m cod.
I love talkin to fine ladies like yourself.
Brings a shine to my day :
Pi Day In Star Trek episode Wolf in the Fold, Spock foils the evil computer by commanding it to compute to last digit the value of pi.
sky is blue and water is what?
BETTER: Getting a text FROM Michael J.
Fox on a phone that has Back to the Future text notification.
I'm gatv
Worry does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow.
It empties today of its strength.
RT : No man is worth your tears, and when you find the man who is, he'll never make you cry.
If you don't have to make sacrifices to accomplish your goal...you need a bigger challenge!
Look at yourself in the mirror before you go hating on poor Trust me haters, I bet he has a life unlike you being mean to him!
Watching Just Wright.
Why did it get only 1 star?
Hook a bruh up
Can't sleep...
Wish BFV FAN PAGES 2 follow me back
Ppl so busy living in the past can't even enjoy the present smh
DIFFERENCES Radio Magazine Show keeps listeners in the know about Entertainment, Health, Food, Fashion, Lifestyle and Community Affairs
ICantStandPeople that are so full of themselves !!
Yay!
I miss it and you!
Hang next weekend for sure!
Preorder 's new album, Hell Is What You Make It!
It releases on July 12!
helliswhatyoumakeit helliswhatyoumakeit.com/preorder
I like to think that I'll bring my particular brand of rumpled style to my new gig.
because they don't sell them rolling acres.
Cue the saxophone!
It's an 80s movie!
;
Whats good ??
Need to catch u early part of next week if you gone be free....
Good evening twitter!!
Blazers vs Sonics!
MA thesis and practicum presentations tonight in the Lee Reception Room, 6:30!
RT : Miller believes there should be an adjustment to the Title I formula, but opposes the Thompson amendment.
S/o to the boys that know how to hold it down.
lmfao!
Ohh that's too funny keepdoctoraming : jkjk!
:P are you out of your mind?
Haha
you remember how bad he was son???
Its NO WAY he could be that bad again..DWade gotta be the closer if it come down to it
I love dogs, but I think that the lady who's trying to swing hers at the kids' playground is a little crazy.
And looks like the dog agrees.
There are so many kind of grains out there.
Does anyone know what kind of wheat is semolina flour made from?
Still celebrating Uncle Greg's graduation
Heard your stuff...
Love it!
keep it up!
I text you because I want to have a conversation with you, not to be pissed off  get my day ruined..
that's what I thought...
Things are good.
How about yourself?
Your email reminded me: HUGE thx to the volunteers!!!!
Which Midwest city is ready to get Simplified?
that's why you need an iphone.
stat.
: The taps will start flowing two weeks from today  we'll doctornk to that!
I'll be there!!
damn that was gonna be my next pose..
Lol
Not as much as...
it is my absolute pleasure...
lifting up fellow GenBlue peeps fills me with JOY!!
:
hahaha well take a plane !
:p
British indie rock band The Kooks to perform here on July 25
oh i've been sick for like two weeks and have lost my voice..
my life is in shambles.
Thanks to all the USPro host cities and event organizers for putting on a world class race!
We were thrilled to be a part of history!
just used the last of a carton of vanilla soy milk to make a box of annie's macncheese.
strangely delicious.
woke up this morning after having a very real doctoram about national standards.
not sure what this says about me.
no doubt!
Just switched to watching the Indy Indians, and there is a pitching duel going on!
6 consecutive strikoeouts!
Looking forward to playing with you next week dude!
Let's get weird.
can't wait!
Hopefully for good news.
from Faded knows whats up.....
Left Handed high fives all the way around!
lmfao that's so true!
Getting out from in front of the computer and off to the kitchen.
It's time to bake the brownies.
We can't wait to tell you about our upcoming promo!
Stay tuned for details...
Just had the works at Clear Water car wash on E College Ave and they did a sparkly job.
Avoiding puddles...
Have you ever googled yourself?
:D Love you
That's Galarraga.
I wud have checked my baseball history book 4 the spelling of his name, but I didn't find it in the perfect game section.
so bord my ears r so sore
Good Night Philadelphia!!Another Paper Champion Down!!
That's 2 n 2 Dayz!!!!
Money can buy you a lot of things but def not a championship!!!
TOP 3  CC250 RIGHT NOW!
Turn it up
haha I think I'll manage.
I didn't know you weren't going to be there!
I'm sad we're missing you!
Posers Need To Get A Freakin Life!!
Jfs .
Which lens?
We want 140 characters of details!
yeah, things are gonna be very different
MT : RED FLAG WARNING issued for 5/18 for AZ  NM due to strong winds, low humidity, and high fire danger.
If life gives you melons you are anorexic...
I mean dyslexic.
Having to ride the blue bus from the view all the way around just to get to my stop at university club
Looking for something fun to do tonight?
Why not trivia followed by Karaoke?
It all starts at 8pm in our basement.
how is kansas st.
an 8 seed with a 322 record?
In a Chicago kind of mood.
Happy Mother's Day!
Giants game
Writing up cover letters to studios before i get back to work, gotta get the ball rolling on this career thing!
we will.
have a great week
oh no!
finals??
said hes gone for the next 2 weekends : well hafta get em first weekend in june!
Full of crap like always!!
RT : : we had a chandler!
Lyrics to all songs of Rhapsody!: Age Of The Red Moon
Walking backwards like a tour guide or just retracing your steps?
Make Your Subscribers Want to Build Your List for You Using!
dld.bz/afhNs
OMG!
NCIS season finale!
love this show.
raise it!
doctorft Sully for Congress!
dhdebates discussing authorship in collaborative work, cites crowdsourcing of original OED
Thanks for sharing the Glee youtube video link.
I'm going through Glee withdoctorwals right now :
: WHEN I WAS IN 6TH GRADE I PLAYED AT THE PARK NOW I NO 6TH GRADERS THAT SUCK DICK AT THE PARK
Don't tease me!
haha
My mother has become a playbyplay announcer.
Omg I slept like a baby
All you do is sit on Facebook all day Lies.....
I sit on the chair.
Please follow me alli.
ive been trying to get yu to follow me for months noww.
i love yu..
yur my inspiration3 xo
While everyone else rests on this Sabbath day, I'll be in a tech.
rehearsal!
TheySleep.
WeGETWORK.
Gg man you are one of the most consistent pros I know.
see acting as a business; don't be a fan of the big actors, but dissect their technique; practice and network every single day
shoutoutto he's everywhere.
The Lost Symbol media campaign  presentation to the board of directors at Institute of Noetic Sciences, Oct.
30, 2009.
heidifuller.com
is so good at this
How are you and Hannah doing?
Great to see you online!
I hate first period.
That's why I spend it on twitter!
You know it has been a long week when you have to issue a Tweet correction.
From a guy who takes preexisting Internet memes like LOLCATS and tries to own them.
Thanks for helping society out!
It's only 7:30 but I will soon tell them to relax and get some sleep.
Great write up.
Thank you.
Great meeting today with all stakeholders Thx for coming!
Topics discussed progress business ethics students goals etc
Seriously they are!
I mean i and Vinny but why would u make up a fake account about them ???!
I'm LOVING Glee's Michael Jackson tribute tonight!
Who's bad?
I finally made the switch to Mac after the worst weekend EVER with my PC.
Now if I can just get it to do what I want, we're golden!
just don't burn it that's the worse thing possible
on our way
I knew that what the Westbrook homestead!
Had an awesome time with our friends in Saginaw!!
God is so good!!
Can we take cameras to prom?:
God designed a beautiful day.
What's your favorite meal of the day, ?
I actually sat through 2.5 movies in a row and I was pretty damn proud of myself, SIR!
:P
Wendy's..
they have chili fries now.
I wouldn't steer you wrong..
That means I have to let my manager and agent both know I'll be booked out...
I was so happy to catch up w/u yesterday.
Thank u for the call.
Will email u later today w/updates, details, etc.
:
You got it!!: Thank you as well!!
that's really something.
I just want my work pc to distribute shots of espresso at 10am and 3pm.
Maria, this is Kevin can you follow me for a second so I can shoot you a private message?
Perfect!
Now you are ready to move to LA!
And it's just too bad you've already had the best days...
the
Thanks for the shoutout!
I'm such a terrible friend.
Doubt is not a pleasant condition, but certainty is absurd.
Voltaire
At the airport on my way to NAB in Vegas.
Need to see if I can grab a commuter flight to LA for the PTFC match tonight
R.I.P.
To the Godfather of GoGo Chuck Brown he will be missed
what happened to your sense of humor ?
Today has been one of the bad bad days...
:o
I'm sick of Wells Fargo screwing with C.
Time to kick their ass too.
im just shocked!!
hahahahahaha
I dont have soccer for the first time in like 4 months.
MindBlown....
I love bein home PHOENIX BABY!
: Nail Shop Swagg w/ the T.Jones dang y'all in the crowd I got done up yesterday
So if u see a red g5 beware !
Lol
please follow me back i love you with all my heart
22 years in Seattle, yet all my fiction is set in Louisiana.
I hope you at least like New Orleans
A new doctorg to manage resistant chronic pain  Science Daily
Thanks Councilman Smith for the RT about You the Man!
yay!
Just like old times haha
Guess we should start saving now for all those new apple products!!
Haha, yeah Mandy is going to retire from the check Disney sent her for all the publicity she gave them ;
Get to know the people running camera during auditions because remembering them naked will help you relax.
:
IM SO HAPPY FOR YOU :' you happy,im happy 21
My Grandad Was A Real Thug I Don't Care What Anyone Says...
RIP Ilove YOU...
Lost the futebol match !
:
please don't :'c
you are super awesome as well, Olivia!
Y
I'm feeling the effects D1 athletics in the SEC has had on my body.
Feeling like an old woman at these softball games!
it is a wonderful place.
Great details.
Love seeing everyone enjoying it.
I also can't wait to see P3.
Holler back!
underground art film fashion music groundbreaking!
everything that could of gone wrong kinda did...
DMX is real underrated.
My opinion won't matter after this though.
guy in the lab next to me on the phone: is this the girl i ordered?
not to bad...
Moved back home to KY n now jobless :
You kind of just want Chicago to score at this point, that was beautiful
Make today better than yesterday.
Continue this mindset each day and you are living the good life.
Thanks for being an amazing customer!
If we are not fully ourselves, truly in the present moment, we miss everything.
Thich Nhat Hanh
Awe yes it is
Forget what you heard, recognize what you see.
I know you heard the rumors...
now here's the real me.
don't agree with that.
way to motivate him..
you seemed so sad and u felt lonely.
I can 100 relate.
I get that feeling everyday.
Adversity is a fact of life.
It can't be controlled.
What we can control is how we react to it.
No problem Kevin.
Excited to be teamed up with you!
Thank you!
Wonderful to meet you too.
Ask Style: Have Any Ideas for Doable Fashion Resolutions?
I want to make a change in my fashion for the New Year, but I don 't know quite
Words are not written./Spoken with a more patient voice.

the Nonprofessort Legislative Wrapup in Annapolis w/Job Opportunities Task Force, MD Assoc of Nonprofessor, MD Citizens Health Initiative, et al
Much better advice than mine
Nah, my neighborhood might fuck you up lol..
RT yea yea i need to come to the 219 fuk yo neighborhood up lol
Bruins and NYRangers still knotted at 2 halfway through the third period.
We're gettin' hyped up for Black Friday!
Makin' them super steals n' deals just for you!
Stay tuned for a printable coupon later today!
3
shaken, not stirred?
When people misjudge genuine people without getting to know them...
I sometimes talk to myself.
And if it was dumbbells, how would you get them up in the first place so that they could then rip your pec.
Why wouldn't you doctorp them?
Today's the day!
Undergrad/faculty mixer at 4pm in the ATEC conference room!
Come meet EMAC faculty/students.
All EMAC'ers welcome!
Ah yes, yes you do.
I have much appreciated your catcheck!
tweets, and obv the ferret convo.
:
Art editing repacking
no worries, keep in touch.
I will post more videos on my website and facebook so you can see me there!
Milk and graham crackers.
What was your favorite city on the all the way tour?:
oh ok cool.
Im section 111
Feel a little bad for the two Norwegian guys looking for fun on 6th St.
On a Monday.
During finals.
I have a friend, her name is Amanda.
She likes to eat kung pow, from Royal Panda.
You can have some delivered to your door kung pow,...
Anyone else addicted to ?
I'm getting my Radio Snark live365 station going again soon online.
You'll have to check that out.
Why cant this day go any faster
My desire is for 91111 to represent a new beginning in your life.
Let's take time today to
your welcome : anytime xD
You're lucky.
She tossed money at you for looking at her twins.
Pretty boys think they run the world...
You ain't that tight hunny
OK going to create a place for Twitter Addicts called TwitterHab 
You're hot, funny, sexy, adorable, etc...
Hey louis!
I love you!3
RT : : They just said Carlos and I just thought Baerga...clearly its been a while since I've been to a tribe game.
Every business needs effective advertising to succeed!
be known, do your best, stay in the right and the rest will come naturally 3
BREAKING: Beltline Traffic EB is slowed b/c of a fire near John Nolen and Rimisterck.
If you're in the area  can safely take photos please do
FUCCCCCCCCCCCK I JUST GOT AN 168 TICKET
Tonight, we are young...
so since you've been to Cali..
Mia..
Louisiana..
around the world on that jet..
how bout you stop back thru Fla..
I know you slept in my bed
If you wanted me dead all along you could have just say so you didnt have to mistreat me for that long
Flashback to the 80's.
Just set up a showing with an agent that had to find her List/Show book first to manually enter.....wow!
poopie smell good doe
I decided to go a new route so I am going to send you another jone to get on...give me like a week or 2...maybe sooner.
Ron Artest gotta chill with his knees  elbows, shit is getting outta hand
Oh Sydney you should have been there.
He gave us his facebook.
And yes, of course I added him.
;
i'll manage it for you
Looking forward to the Women  Wealthy Symposium at WCTC tonight with Rhonda Noordyk.
Should be awesome!
i like the way you think.
but we need to pull this one out and get back on track.
bad.
At Lady Antebellum...Darius rocked the house!!
5 minutes to showtime!!
I am glad u approve.
Haha I was blacked out
welcome to the event
Good Morning Cuh!
Preview of the newest addition to our FTD SERIES online!
www.arvr.com limited print so hit us up to preorder!
I got your invitation!!
Coolness.
What lies behind us and what lies ahead of us are tiny matters compared to what lives within us.
Happy StPatricksDay, Pittsburgh!
ID Greatness: The experience is vivid  authentic, with opportunities to practice, to THINK about and DO something.
Via
aw in the words of daisy murp :
did u do a tuna commercial?
hey back
now you're just somebody that i used to know...
seriously hungry but don't want to move
is like Santa with blonde hair hahaha
tell her i said what up.
Now you have me wondering what 60s South African fashion looked like and if I would recognize it as such.
Trippy.
It will take all of us, timmayK, but yes.
It can be done.
Dealing with BigData isn't as difficult as you may believe as long as you have a good data integration partner.
RT  Cleveland Indians lose to Giants, 10, on Tony Sipp's balk in 7th ...
Check out Boom One Sound System's EP Japanese Translations in DUB
Thank you for the follow!!
Crying because of how perfect The Wanted is.
Mama Obama time!
Milk shake mondays are great
We've just connected with 50 top psychologists on Twitter.
Our award winning program is a great supplement to ongoing counseling for kids.
about to talk with on
remember you told sesali she aint no how you and raspberry lemonade got down lol
pork belly is done cooking.
smells good.
wish I could eat it now, but must wait til tomorrow.
yum.
You're welcome!
Enjoy!
Here we go again :/
Arod just has nothing.
7 more years of this Yankee fans.
Hey buddy, stop spitting seeds and do something to earn your 30 mil.
WOW
Thank you!
Done and done.
Arts and Lectures Workshop Event : Sound Engineer Mike Davidson, Wednesday, 3/23, 12:452PM in Lindsay Hall, Room 10.
It was a brutal episode.
Really well done, though.
Whoever gets the celebrity with the most followers to tweet about us will win a Red Neck Care Package from Big Tex Entert.........
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG 3 I MADE THE BEST PIC EVER!
:3 its on my myspace.
check it out :3
THEY'RE THE BEST THING EVAR.
feeds you one
Digging It with the Townies Everyone knows that the downtown area is the bustling center of city life.
It is usually filled with an amaz
to wats ya gamertag?
Mine is daTHROWBACKking hit me up
I like that one too!
Fav part is, Use or Use Not, there is no try.
This bitch at the doctors office is a straight bitch.
Better be happy I need to be seen or I would cuss her ass out.
was 40 minutes late today, smh
Thank you!!
Thank you sir.
Getting our feet wet.
I really don't dig this timeline for bandpages...
please follow!
love your work!
i dont eat pussy.
i devour vagina
Loving the throwback shout out!!
I feel like has gotta be diggin that.
I could jog over the bridge faster than this train is going right now.
Damn MTA!
No, sadly I have the same problem lol
this makes me worried that im missing a conference call.
just wanted to share.
Maybe they'll release it the same summer as the Elfquest movie.
To all the bitches that wear insanely padded/intense pushup bras: The fuck is with the false advertisement?
YO TITTIES AIN'T THAT BIG.
Whole Foods fake triscuits  real triscuits.
I'll need to borrow your positivity...I'm not sure I can!
What is felt but never said...3
If you still wan party when you leave beamers come hang with us nine72 right behind beamers
ha, thanks.
I try.
see you today at the meeting on LEP patient practices!
Looking forward to being a part of it.
elders always know best and have the best experiences..hahaha!
Philly to do some wedding photos!!
:
Wood County families unplug; screen free week turns attention to physical activity  VOICE of Wisconsin Rapids
U is for yhu and me
hi boo how u been
Alwaayz a pleasure!
Enjoy your Sumdaay: 
Dear Tim's, can my rolluptherim prize be a heritage job?
Please?
I serve my fuck you's with a smile.
It just has a better effect that way.
Don't you think?
about ready to roll out the next limited edition photo block  be ready this one is pretty awesome
u had a gme
NC State has developed an iPad app for quick access to their virtual computing lab.
New to this twitter thing.
Waley also pushing for preservation of heritage trees that would be cut to build Green redevelopment
no I couldn't remember who she looked like hmm??
they know a star when they see a star nigga
my intention was to taunt you.
you always see right through me.
On the at 6:15, previews the 2nd game of the YankeesRays series.
Also, here his thoughts on Pettitte's return.
Lots of CEOs on the guest list at health2con.
Will be interesting to see how they involve pts.
will have a table Tues, though!
Oregon FB is for real.
Plus they are extremely fun to watch both offensively and defensively.
Seriously surprised the light fixures don't doctorp when they get turned on
Seski take care fur brush with pine cone.
Seski go take nap now.
slowing down 4 the week, a little work and some play but not full blast
Wishing I could put this weekend on repeat.
BackInElementarySchool I use to be the tallest girl in the class..
Now everyone is a million times taller than me...
In Ghana that bitch shit dnt fly like that
ohiogoesgoogle what's more important?
what we learn along the way or the outcome?
sounds great...please send details to
Eff my effing life
Simple  effective recovery meal: PBJ, banana, protein shake.
Works every time.
I guess this is where I should be?
Little lost at the moment.
DIRT founder plans road track, halfmile oval in Hastings
everyone does though its highschool i think even 6 graders do more lol
blessings to you and the 116 crew for the ManUp conference!
So excited for what God is doing!
Happy Birthday Dwayne The Rock Johnson
Let's do this!
RT Ready to go watch this fight..and game with and et al
I see what happened U contacted them, and I read list under oskarblues pages.
I assumed  the word promises what'll happen
how is everyone doing today?
yaay :D !
Can't wait3
Right after I buy mine.
You got it ;
Everything happens for a reason....
Love bugs are so pointless.
I don't walk around fucking my boyfriend in public.
Dirty freaking slut bugs.
this is my first ever tweet!
I'm at a conference in Vermont w/spotty Internet access, are the readings for class on the website?
T23 days until Chicago.
E  I'm getting excited!
After watching Jiro doctorams of Sushi, now I want sushi....predictable.
:

When it comes down to it, the last person you think of at night is the one who truly matters to you.
Wow yea
yet here i am, twittering instead of reading while i wait in the airport
If you move to a new house  never move the salt in your kitchen or your broom or mop.
Buy these items NEW for your new home.
I finally have all of my prom stuff!
People like to bring up your past when your present and future look better than theirs  BookOfQuotes
this club has Justin Bieber's hair making out w/ Donald Trump's hair, Malibu Barbies doctorssed in mans clothing,german tacos, cowboys in afros
Oklahoma sure has spirit!!
curating my lists and followings.
trying to maintain high average tweet utility.
so far so good.
delete it.
very
follow back?:
go to bed
Absolute UnSelfishness.
Godcenteredness vs.
Selfcenteredness.
God make me an instrument of peace, an actor of your love,  singer of joy!
Breakfast with graphic editor George Kalwa this morning.
Love running into video professorssionals in our charming city!
Hey cuties ;
You should probably be concerned.
Can't be good.
of course!
I agree with that article.
It's great to be back in Chicago, although I do miss Indy a bit.
What's new with you?
anyone see doctorgon Tatoo this weekend?
how was it?
Samurai date with girlfriend 3
But honestly, Kanye just seems like a gem to hang out with.
Also, I'm a little doctornk.
soon he can have two new friends.
Rufus and Riley to hang with
Haha.
You ever get a ticket?
Whenever I have Monday blahs today, I think about the Broncos going 5 and 0 and smile.
Try it!
Loving my newest followers and !
nice Chingy pull
Brewers or Cardinals?
Like many people, he claims a native greatgrandparent.
Does that give him the cred to play native characters?
It's an interesting question
thanks man
No worries.
Welcome.
Hi.
Howdy.
Hello.
aye it is what it is lol
You'd think I'd have to be the one to beg my mom to go to prom..
I told her I didn't want to go and she begged ME to go.
making plans for a vineyard vacation this summer.
Any lodging recommendations?
can'twait
There is some big stuff brewing in the boozecamp world.
Be patient my dear.
I need step my grind up and start working before work every day and then go run at night instead
Outstanding Sophomore of the Year  !
hhlib its not being a futurist and its painful.
my favorite quote of the day  The San Diego Police Department doesn't investigate weirdness.
We investigate crimes.
Protein shake and lost all day.
Facts Of School In Class:  Talk  Sleep  Text  Play  Study.
hope you are having,a great time.
Story of my life.
after 07 championship i was on his flight to denverboise.
He and his fiance were so awesome.
His entire arms were bloody!
Tanning and copious amounts of watermelon
Is it sad I'm kinda over what used to be my favorite show?
Small Bump  Ed Sheeran
Joe on Twitter.
Awesome!

They didnt have real music then, just instruments.
mom  ren faire event.
how is work today?
Lol
nice BRA.
Full Coverage..Great support  Sexy :
thinking about alternatives to carto?
I'm pretty sure Twitter approached LoC.
Good PR move but I'm happy that we're getting the data to preserve and experiment with
Can you tell me the latest on the contract talk for Lamarr Houston and Rolando Mcclain,if anything
You guys just need to get back together already...
yeah this is the best way to follow sports/fantasy news available...or justin bieber...depends what you're into
sounds good.
Keep the facts up
Two music video shoots within a week?
Turned to 810 during the Royals commercial and heard Jack Harry.
why does Kelly even use the ropes...it baffles me...
aww thanks.
You had no way of knowing how much that would mean today.
Hope all is well with you!
bench him yesterday
BLAZERS MAKING MOVES AND CLEARING CAP FOR THE SUMMER!
SOMEONE PLS GET US A GM OR MAKE CHAD BUCHANAN THE OFFICIAL GM!
liam neeson is a great actor!
doctorving past the entrance of BestBuy a.k.a the sea of beaming exiting men.
hey stranger!!
When you gonna be in DTLA?!?!
that's me c:
your welcome!
thank you so much!
D
It's been 3 days.
Dirty money but we're clean with it.
Cool.
We're still assembling everything, but I'll do a guest post when it's complete.
Any specifics on what you'd want to see?
Oh Phil!
What made you decide to model your game after me?!
We love you.
No really we do.
To celebrate we're offering you 2 off a subscription to the rag using promo code WELOVEYOU2.
Harvey Mudd speaker series lessons: realistic frequency, vary topics / speakers, s Vary the days of week, more prep than you think
Thanks for the follow back, we're neighbors!
What is your website?
I couldn't access it..
omg that looks like heaven on a plate!
prowling was going on last night last night!
The ladies and gents were having a fun at the after party!
Oprah Winfrey What I know for sure is that what you give comes back to you.
Do you think he created a divide yesterday with him and the BOT?
We are doing well !
How are you?
You can start camping out at Barnes and Noble at 6pm!
No earlier or you will be escorted away from the premises.
It's good to see greatness recognized, just wish we would stop waiting till after we lost greatness to pay respect.
Ik my school is awesome!
ok.
are you still in vegas?
I teach small businesses how to effectively use the internet to farm new customers, get old ones to come back more often and pay more
No team can be the best in the NHL if it doesn't have defense or goaltending.
Flyers never had that.
Why does SCOTUS imagine that healthcare can be equated with commodities like consumables or consumer services?
Consumerism is all there is?
world cup final with out a doubt
Can't believe I've just logged a month at the new gig!
My brain is throbbing from all I'm learning ;
After the game get to Bartinis for all your Friday night fun!
Thank you for helping blow our camp up hard.
Much love from NY to the D!
We got you!
Charlie Hustle in Concert  The T.I.
Farewell Tour: featuring  T.I., Busta Rhymes  Keri Hilson
VINNY?!
I hope when you rallied for  you also pulled for it was her bday you know!
If you didnt see it with your own eyes or hear it with your own ears don't invent it with your small mind  share it with your big mouth
Best of luck at IndianWells Philly's rooting for ya!!
VikaPhan smile
Happy New Year!
Only person I know who requests a painting of the honey boo boo child girl from a live artist  me.
She was pumped.
lol...you have my dollars!
Thanks!
People with real last name Twitter handles UNITE!
love it..don't forget this wed:
IAlwaysWonderIf i'm in other people's doctorams.
if i bought my tickets online friday and havin them mailed to me how long should it take??
i wonder if we can get to 2k followers by the end of the week.
i may just have another free song as a prize for y'all if this happens :
I know, I have no friends.
Lots of laffs with the court today.
Twas a good one!
U can skew facts to fit ANY story.
U usually lose more on the road hence the lower s.
Elway  PM said hed b back to MVP lvl
Very good point.
I think I have been doing this.
At least I hope so.
We love our fans!!
jeez.
Some more details pleez.
Was it during or post cal daze?
Do u remeber venue?
I'll work on remembering.
Hee hee.
RT : MN Building  Trades Cncl says Vikings stadium will provide jobs to help MN workers feed their families.
back to US after almost a month in Turkey.
Woke up at 3am.
upside is that I can catch up with the office since it's already morning there.
Nash checks out after a few seconds to another raucous ovation.
Special night here in Phoenix.
im just so lovable right now lol
He does what?
:O
Marian Hossa has left Northwestern Memorial Hospital.
Good to hear; I was so worried when he didn't move after that hit.
thank you!
Sometimes, I realize how much of a poo ball I am when watching Family Guy and laughing my ass offby myself.
I see, so we'll be tweeting all weekend long then...
Lucky Miss I'm
I need a napp :o
LETS SET THIS BITCH OFF NIGGA LOL
hello twitter people hows everbody's day going so far
BPL: Arsenal v.
Manchester United
It's snowing.
I wish snow could keep it's shape and texture and not be freezing.
Then I'd love snow.
Runaway Love 3
Teacher Network newsletter: April Fools and professortmaking schools: This week's newsletter is packed with useful ..
Mulan is definitely one of my favorite Disney movies c:
lol, It was my first 10am doctornk dial.
I will say that it wouldn't have been as entertaining if you ddialed me at 1am.
I'm a bay area occupy live streamer
I just love the fact that the giants thanked God for there victory3 I give them props:'
Happy Platypus Day
I like no padoctors staff have any idea about your tweets or contests.
Who's going tonight?
Hope to see you there!
RT : 6pm tonite  Bucketworks  Pro Forms Presentation  taco bar courtesy of
You know what is better than going to Ireland for 12 days?
Going to Ireland for 13 days!
AND going on a haunted tour of Dublin
PickUpLine: Do you like jigsaw puzzles?
Let's go to my room and put our pieces together.
Hope you have a blast.
I'm sure your dad is thrilled :
imma hit u later
Reliable encryption is essential to the future of the cloud
To err is human, but when the eraser wears out ahead of the pencil, you're overdoing it.
A Slightly Unattractive Life
Oomf is a straight nigga in a females body!
little boog action never hurt nobody
Quote to live by: Funny how the harder I work, the luckier I get  Dave Thomas, Founder of Wendy's.
Always a good day when Toto's Africa pops up on Pandora, right ?
This is an exciting week of photo shoots and music and friends.
Im glad its here.
just need to go to five, shouldn't be hard, already have my tickets to 1 :
people always disappoint
A hearty amen.
I miss outdoor activities, but it's just 2 hot for my baby to spend time out there.
It's even 2 hot for Barton Springs!
It's amazing what a minute can do...
That was the strangest, weirdest, craziest  most interesting SundayFollow I've seen yet ; Well done
Original Batman Adam West gets Walk of Fame star: Adam West receives the 2,468th star on the Hollywood Walk of F..
Please help.
I want one of the following to be my intern: sarcastic robot, monkey, boxing kangaroo, Dave Grohl, rockhopper penguin.
How?
pussy nigga AH!
AusinsGoingFar Yee he's trending and he so is going far
Now is the time to experience Cuba.
Join us for the Havana Biennial May 7  12.
The April 6 deadline is fast approaching....
follow me follow me follow me follow me follow me follow me follow me follow me!
Please it would mean the world to me!
He's going to have to get some of those super tacky gloves and look the ball in for that to happen
Tuesday Tweetcast: Sunshine dominates again, highs hit the mid 80s.
Rain risk returns slowly ThuSun, colder by late next week.
Its time to get weird.
In honor of Easter I'm going to play Infinity Blade.
Today is a good day for things to change.
I know the song dan...
I was checking out the PURPLE SWING.
I don't have any reason to trust MITT ROMNEY.
The college students are a lot smarter than MITT thinks.
RT : Gettin' pumped for zine symposium tomorrow!
Your poster are is amazing!
thanks so much.
What channel?
The Grinch certainly makes for a wonderful xmas eve eve!
Lot of similarities between packers 1st two picks this year and in 2009.
Both picked up a DL and OLB with a tradeup to get one.
Something has to make you mine...
Awesome pics!
Wish we'd had her at our wedding.
NEXT RADIO XTAMINA TOPIC 11/16/2009 OBAMA HEALTH CARE REFORM, IS IT GOOD FOR AMERICA?
Tune into 1420AM 560AM
Bam!
Three for at !
Nice way to end the third.
Way better than Granny Warren.
Until can fire 551 of them er..replace them all at one time, we need the best we can get.
thanks for sending out the tweet about law of 2 feet, that clarified things :
The bullpen phone for Jamie Moyer is the one with extra large numbers GET IT?
IT'S BECAUSE HE'S OLD!!
Thanks, Ernest!
Fuck.
When you love someone and can't have them.
:
ya i've tried messaging u like twice?!!?!?
You would think Wiz Khalifa would be immune to weed laws by now...
Just like Snoop and Cheech and Chong
Thanks for the follow!
Look forward to your tweets!
Good for you!
I've made some cards recently, and they took quite a bit of time, but were worth it.
sleepy sleepy sleepy sleep
My absolute love is Justin bieber 3 :
Volvo Roof Bars for vehicles with Roof Rails ?
Next on the , breaks down game 3 of the YankeesTwins series tonight.
appreciate what she's done the past couple days 
doctorke on Beefing with Ludacris: I didnt take any of that seriously
Shout out to my new followers!!
I appreciate yall!!
Much love!
I had to struggle a lot to figure how to link because I have another Twitter account, I made another G mail, easy solution
I am ready.
two happy and healthy kids.
body is ready for a little help
That sounds nice!
I don't have anywhere to sit outside where I wouldn't get soaked!
:
coming to Dallas.
July 13.
About time.
Anyone have recommendations on what app to use to host a professorssional facebook group chat on our page?
Would love to hear from you.
I miss you too 3
Follow for 100 new followers
use youtube to play your music with different videos/commercials to see if/how it fits
I'm making money too babe :
ha, i dont know if i passed my EOC or not..
Danced on stage last night with at the concert.
Great show thanks David and
Sex isn't better than love!
You only wear your ''Band Tees'' to bed?
What's the fucking point?
hope you're enjoying CommercialFree Music!
It's happening right now :D
today was alright : 5th period was funny like always lol
Every good radio show has jack hammer/office construction noise in the background right?
Don't forget..
It's now Bahn Mi Sunday!!
oh yes!!!
Costco!!!
So exciting!!!
My back hurts .
Thats that shit I dont Like gonna b the anthem
just call me Dimples and i'll love you forever 3
Oh no!
are u sick!?
yu have a nice pair of tits :x .
What do you see when the Pillsbury Dough Boy bends over?
Doughnuts
Thanks Bro..
Thank you for the FF!
RT Happy FF  thanks so much to
What happened?
It says it's offline...
I've recorded every night this week haven't had a chance 2 mix yet.
On 2nd listen def sounded cool, too many cats on it tho lol
: In 'leading from behind,' President Obama has been ambiguous and given Iran the luxury of time.
thanks jayson.
I'll look for your dm..have a good wknd man!
Moderate to heavy rainfall now.
The computer models call for a break to the north and rain to the south early on.
So far not working out
I GOT HACKED..
AND IM TWEETING FROM FORMSPRING NOT MY TWITTER.
SO FOLLOW ITS MY NEW TWITTER
maybe next year for thr Tigers
Found you on Twitter!
I've been reading ILoveYourFace and you've continue to have some great, helpful stuff to say!
Love!!
RT Ha!
: has great radio voice!!
i'm not dirty, you guys cut it out.
right.
He is doing them a favor by being on twitter, chatting, throwing out nuggets etc.
Not his fault people jump all over it.
u and Marion doing the running man!
If I could my buddy who works for you u guys to film that.
Pink silver
You know you love someone when you want them to be happy even if their happiness means that youre not part of it.
welcome to twitter!
:
She gives good lip service RT Will Lisa Rinna sacrifice her dignity for a national campaign?
Depends!
At the Walker...
Design in Production
Listening to 3 girls write a rap song about STD's for their Senior Project.
Statistics say that at least one of them will have one by 25.
:
just tell me the firrst letter of his name!
Please
is looking forward to Saturday's 10am Precinct Walk for Kevin Beiser, Math Teacher of the Year for San Diego School Board 8582481903
The Mexican truck wants to be open today 
So just declared MKEDAY at BBC.
And so it shall be.
Thanks all for coming out.
I wish that I could have this moment for life
Floyd Mayweather Acquitted in Harassment Case; Can Pacquiao ...
pumpkin patch of yummy pumpkins????
HUH???
Hey you guys we are interviewing Crown the Empire tomorrow.
Any questions you would like us to ask them please reply to this tweet asap!
I dont know how to behave!
Theres no such thing.
Lls wbu?
haha hey I have my own private twitter!
You should go follow it, because I'm mostly on that account!
Here it is
Trials do not increase our faith!
you dive air at your lough or nitrox?
Is it the Sylvia Plath station??
: Geez...
is playing all my faveyetdepressing music.
20ThingsAboutMe Im a Grease Monkey and i admit it.
Shortcut of the week is another Outlook gem.
CTRLR to reply.
CTRLSHIFTR to reply all.
Thank you for the RTs!
RT : Northpark movie date with my bestie I love when JJP alum come home!!!!
RT : NBC's has 102,311 followers and has never, not once, ever, sent a single tweet.
Paper over puy
Im back home in Dallas after a long yet fruitful trip to the AsiaPacific
Donovan Day in the city of Boston tomorrow DONOVAN's
Thank you for bringing attention to the Black and Missing a heartbreaking and needed cause.
We salute and support your campaign.
music is so amazing to me
thanks.
I seem to have misplaced your email addoctorss.
Would you mind sending it again?
Sorry about that.
I'm so excited that JonathanTaylorThomas is back in the media, even if it's only shortlived.
I'm hoping he returns to TV/movies!!
Yes that's what I told you earlier.
That's what MOCSM stands for Men of Color who have sex with men
Im high?
I mean two workers, one of whom was a cloud expert giving a web developer some feedback  a business card.
spooky.
Excellent!
I look very much forward to seeing you there!
Facebook is like my living room  no business.
Twitter is my information source  no crap.
Linked are my business contacts  be legitimate
nope...sure didn't.
Was ready to go..FB me his number..
So the guy I had a crush on at work happens to be 35 and married.
Glad it's still 2012 in WA.
It was a high counsel that I once heard given to a young person, always do what you are afraid to.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
I ate so much Jimmy Johns in college that I could go the next 4 years without it and be perfectly content.
I blame the elitist NY media.
And elitist New York.
are you going to have a pancake breakfast with auction or something like that?
CTHU...luv your tweets, that's why I follow you!
I know I was like why does he have to leave already!; haha
Athena was crafty, supersmart, and is represented by an owl tree.
What's not to love?
: RT :
RT For every second she had sex with Rick Pitino, Karen Sypher will spend 176 days in prison.
It's a beautiful day in east Texas, so of course it's time to get back to that NYC doctorzzle.
Join ResearchChannel for the newest program in the ongoing series MS from A to Z tonight at 6 p.m.
assassian is one of my favs...
I did!
But I didn't realize I'd have to alternate taking it off and putting it back on every block.
oh I feel ya!
Not always
Love it when HouseHunters have a budget like ours was.
Can't relate to those other freaks.
In front of Stedman Graham recieving knowledge  love
define alive.
But yeah, I'm home.
Just for starters, and all.
:
A mother be on her grind..
So Goin to the other Class bye ppl!
XD
Not that I know of.
Paul
OH, HE SAID SHE GOT NO NIPPLE !
Are they giving out the little whistles like they used to?
AH!
I REMEMBER RONITA WALKIN ROUND THE ACADEMY BANGIN ON WALLS SAYIN THAT!!!
Preparing myself mentally for the 1st of a few Derby parties with a power nap and a couple episodes of  16  Pregnant...
So pumped for zoo this weekend 
I have an inkling this is going to be Correia's last start for awhile.
Hope you have a wonderful and inspiring Sunday everyone!
okay so i can't sleep....
so i'm up writing a post on tumblr...
Need 1 more picture for the contest!!
ConfessionTime the pillows looking mighty comfy at this moment
Icing my knee and freaking over the match tomorrow :O
Check us out on Facebook let us know what ya think :
offline.
This alpha needs her beauty sleep after a day of shopping.
When opportunity knocks, will you be ready?
Allsmiles being around some1 cute and cant stop smiling
Pornstar in the stairway hello emily spencer
lol you really can.
im gonna try to buy another one : hahaha
But y MTV jams playing she get it from her mommy on mother day tho lol
Today is National Archaeology day!
What are your plans to celebrate and support new discoveries?
FeelAlive Sell your home today, and have a fresh start!
Oh girl!
Me 2 lol
Accumulated damage from the worst doctorught in our area's history will be seen in 510 yrs, reducing the environmental benefit of tree canopy
Is my favorite Swedish scientist with you?
sorry I was mad at you.
Friends?
Love you.
you must have had a happy ending last night
Commissioner Jim Schowalter says 318 million goes right to pay back schools
we are working very hard to improve aspects on the site.
the dining and hotel side is making big moves soon!
Start a homebased business next year...repeat after me: I CAN DO IT IN 2011!
I CAN DO IT IN 2011!
Helene, www.thehomeoffice.com
My hair feels good
Your argument is invalid.
try again.
UGH butter ball!
nice!
RT Mention this tweet and recieve half off your lunch today!
Ends at 3.
Let's do this!
One more reason to
Currently watching America's Book of Secrets on H2HD.
This show rules.
wow.
Ok I follow you now
stay tuned, as soon as it warms up :
god damn you George Lucas.
damn you to hell.
Hopefully getting my hair done tomorrow!
My problems won't go away
Done and RT'd
RT : win two show tickets for 100 donations and higher!
Donate now at 2586060
Great Stuff OBFS  Is the green Bride company something you started?
That is really col
Carry couple wet wipes in case a bum try to touch me
Back in my day we celebrated pi day more not weed day.
u guys killed it american reunion was the funniest movie i have seen since the hangover
Not an April Fool's joke: relocated my car w/o warning  didn't report new location to me or Found it after 2 hrs.
Who are you when I'm not looking?
:: Wisconsin OG Kevin Zeitler on phone with Bengals coaches now.
LOL u silly
lmao!!!
I know 1 that 28 but we call her cheryl lol
NO!
I don't want to sleep!
;;
I am a woman in process.
I try to take every conflict, every experience, and learn from it.
Life is never dull.
Oprah Winfrey
please be good to yourself!
And keep safe!
Love you!
TY to Necham Segal for this mornings broadcast www.nechamsegal.com
You should try Reno in the Winter; It works for me!
DJ Cooper's showing tonight that his range starts when he enters the gym  he is stroking 28 foot THREES!
Go Bobcats!
XAsylum 30 Day Summer Shape Up Hybrid continues today.
P90X2  Base  Back
Current and graduates, help us get the word out that dbualum has joined the Twitter family!
lmfao he's nuts.
Always smile Bro!
Follow me!
BelieberBoy 2
waaahhh :.
Me and emmy are so boredd.
Find a ride to comee see us
Aw Aw you to are so cute!!!!
Haha
well not today, I downloaded too much.
I need to take them all in lol
Yes I love being an actress!
Congrats on the speaking engagement at SXSW!
Would love to meet you and get your thoughts on our web startup for families.
Its official I am on the FRESH PAIR OF NIKES TOUR.
More info on tour dates comming soon.
Terrific discussion!
Thanks to all 
Try using large thumbnail view for pictures.
You can also use the Windows Fax Preview to view and delete pics.
I watch on a PS3 a lot.
Wonder if it's only available on the website
We have two species: Those who want lots of people to follow them.
And those who want to follow lots of other people.
Which are you?
That's worse than taking the elevator up one floor!
At the Phoenix Expo.
Way cool!
How's it?
Don't know if you remember me but I wanted to send you some music, get your feedback.
I could just fall asleep !
A boss is a person guaranteeing we go'n Eat!
Take money TME the takeover illegal life style doctorpping on datpiff soon DM me for features
We will be at on Saturday to be presented with a charity cheque before kickoff.
Give us a wave!
Too much time for Orton
Trying hard to figure out what this is, but I give upwhat is it?
Dwight Howard was fasting!!!!
So it was Jesus who told him to quit being an asshole
The Rocky Mountain Rollergirls won the National Championships in Chicago tonight!
What a SPECTACULAR bout!
Nightcourt magistrate just OWNED the THP.
They are returning to plaza immediately.
Public victory
I agree: 2nd one
I asked for a slice of pepperoni pizza, they don't have any.
I asked for a cheese slice, this bitch doctorps the last slice.
Okay that's cool.
The male doves around our bird bath are strutting, all puffed up  showing off.
It must be spring.
I kind of just want to hide under my desk and cry today.
A few different reasons, none of them life altering.
Sigh.
If you try and take a cat apart to see how it works, the first thing you have on your hands is a nonworking cat.
Douglas Adams
RT I realized tonight that I can't hug women who are smaller than me without feeling like a bull dyke.
let's keep warm!
c'mon LADWP you can find it...
it's an addoctorss you can't really miss...
look for the Grove then look down...!!!
there it is, c'mon
I got a,few feat check them put also,leave comments on YouTube please.
Appreciate it.
Means,a lot to me.
Who needs beats!!??
Text me now!
9018645762
4703 goes out to the realest because he's always down to make moves.
No questions asked.
Anyone else disappointed that Apple didn't announce plans to buy a continent with their 100b in cash?
Stock buybacks, so 2000's.
He who laughs last, laughs best, unless Fat Albert also recently laughed.
will you have your cellular device as well?
:
lol you suck, I had bottles and everything!
Jeff Stone giving his concession speech in Milwaukee County Executive Race.
A great night out!
First Tuesdays w The Midwest Independent Film Festival premiere LAC DU FLAMBEAU this Tues!
The remotes and backlit displays are a nice feature with LYNX.
Thanks for sharing the video!
Thanks broseph.
I will bat those eyelashes.
I was 6 or 7  : To pierce or not to pierce: that is the question.
What age is okay for little girls these days?
im faded man wasuyp?
Those hot coral nikes that are everywhere right now remind me of a cross between pepto bismol and spaghetti puke.
It's Unfortunate that People try to Ignore the Connection Between God  Astrology...
you are the best.
: thank you!
I'm DEVASTATED that JulietSimms didn't win schubie...might have to call in tomorrow.
garlic and sea salt on sprouts are also delicious!!
Day 6 of the picc line, day 4 at work.
And feeling much more like myself!
Happy New Year to everyone
Bravo ACPA Trailblazing writers, directors,  performers!
Special thanks to actor James Duke Mason for his help in the production.
Mother's Day.
Watching Mamma Mia with my niece

thanks.
Appreciate it
Def.
think unbalanced schedule would make it easier for some teams.
SKC only plays Sea, and LA just once.
RT tss, lol Pass my bitch around like a blunt, eventually ill hit that shit again.
Kanye Laugh 
good morning : please follow my new twitter
Thank you love:
I guess ill go to the work house.
I wish i had a way to relax more lol
Haha that last tweet.
I said that geekdepression might be exacerbated by the fact that we have different priorities and world doesn't always appreciate that.
Lets go baby lets go!!!!!
my bed is gonna get it, goodnight.
Awesome person to follow
Safe And Sound By Taylor Sw1ft Or hunger Games Parody 1 Wanna Go By W1nter Spr1ng...
A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend
so it's official then...
Chuck Colson has gone to be with the Lord...
RIP.
May the Lord raise up many more like him in this generation!
COME ON NASHVILLE !!!
Where is the moment you needed the most.
You kick up the leaves and the magic is lost.
hey can you email me your contact info at one of my reporters is working on an otakon story.
Here's authors/Fab Women  good 2know
That would be nice!
To get to go on Ellen!!
you will..
it will happen!
Hey Robinson!
We love you here in Jerusalem!
It's good Grizz they came back on our ass, we gotta play better wednesday
I thought this was deep...
Your either a builder, or a destroyer from Russell Simmons Super RIch
Sad, but true.
: 10 year olds have a Blackberry, an iPad, a laptop  Facebook?
When I was 10, I felt cool w my new markers.
Found out my friend is designing and working on her own line of clothing!
So excited for her bright future!
I'm a flirt.
I give the 5 o'clock news an A
a 6am phone call to me?
haha
Mothersday tommorow going out to eat with my family
will return after his AFTRA lunch break LOL!
Thanks for the congrats PC
: is here 2 encourage us 2 B an uncomplicated woman.
The ROAR from the W.I.L.D.
women is awesome!
do you have an oovoo..?:
me too!!
Mine was a strapless and they made me leave I was pissed
staying home today.
i don't feel good.
No.
No.
No.
Who cut the feed?
No.
No.
What my texted me  ruined my damn day.
.
It's going to be busy today!
Thank you Krista Blessed Fri ALL :
i HATE the color purple, oh well sorry Justin Bieber but thats the UGLIEST COLOR EVER!
Jus Saying
: The elephant in the room is the giant flatscreen TV they gave us that we don't want.
They don't understand not having a TV on purpose.
Good to have buddies with long history....brothas u know wont stab u up behind your back.
I saw a plugger on facebook with something up there and I saw you on twitter so I thought I'd ask.
Last day at el Centro!
I am not packing my camera for this trip because it has come to the point where my phone camera is better.
I run a small nonprofessort company that specializes in yelling obscenities at my neighbors after I've been doctornking.
Like to make a donation?
CLASS WARFARE: If min wage had kept pace with the rise in executive salaries the lowest paid workers would now make 23/hr
So according to Michele Bachmann our forefathers worked tirelessly to end slavery.
Guess that's why they owned so many.
Reeding b fundomenal
you need a picture
Probably good we skipped the walking museum tour today.
Those were some nasty storms.
haha i'm here for you girly :
There is something haunting about 's voice in Dear God.
You can almost feel the biting of anger and doctorpping sarcasm.
There will be another one too, I don't have any doubt.

Yo Bro, I know you're strugglin' Got to hv u look in to the benefits of Ganoderma Lucidum.
Google it  u tell me!
Prayers.
Is it bad, not is it has.
Stupid phone.
Steve would like to hear from you give him a call today!
619.222.0119
we need to work on getting your stuff out here in Phoenix, Az
11408inc Vs.
Common.
Racial epithets and misogynist lyrics are the antithesis of 'helping people'.
Just let us see Jesus, and it will be enough.
Scotty Ward Smith
AGH.
omfg.
editing is so hard.
:
Horse names are freaking AWESOME.
What would you name your Derby race horse?
Having you in my life has been more tears then smiles : yet I don't have the courage to tell you to back off!!!.
What's the cure for a Murakami hangover?
Ladies Night is tonight!!
Join us for our monster Tuesday night.
i never miss anything from you except your presence
MADISON, Wis.
Russ Feingold is one of two WI residents tapped to serve as national cochairs for President's reelection campaign
right!
but I'm struggling the same.
I think that rational arguments only get you so far when attempting to provoke change
My doctorams are so perverted.
doctorving in the rain on mountain roads of norCal.
Reminisent Of british columbia.
Congrats on the new job!
Wait what again
Pretending to be important by taking Uber to SFO
wife packed me a good lunch today keeping it clean shes the best see her at her gym
hey girl!
Let's get the waffle throw down in motion!
We're the only team that yells and1 for any shot
what's attendance been like this year outside of big games, like Heat?
I hate night.
It's when I think about my biggest flaws.
Doris Lessing Laughter is by definition healthy.
Turkey dinner, rocking chairs on the porch with a cup of decaf, a few Seinfeld episodes, and a early bedtime.
Thats a night at mom  dads.
I just want to go back to sleep..
I hope it provides a good service.
:
PRETTY LITTLE LIARS BITHCESS!!!!!
Sickest mashup dj out there!
Rondo jumper for lead.
CHUG.
was the ropes course...sounds like fun
Husband is back from Turkey tomorrow evening.
I think Sunday is a perfect day for a book, some iced tea, and the beach.
I hope he agrees.
Hospitals are not a fun place to be it feels like being in the show ER at some points
Just heard that Osama Bin Laden is dead!!
Versus Leviathan!
and we WILL be doing interviews for both of them!
Episode 4.7 will be out next week!
Thanks guys!
yeah i had it for a while now n never gott it either but im just getting the hang of it...its kinda like tumblr
Hair is strong as a wire of iron.
It rips after applying a force equivalent to 60kg, only after it stretched itself for about 70.
Would like to know how much the SP downgrade was based on overall US debt and how much was based on concerns re US govt decision making.
Dont let what you cant do stop you from what you can do !
Just how big is the beer that comes at the end of this day?
YouKnowYouBlackWhen you use coupons for everything
Wishing the best for and the CMDT Fire team down at worlds!
thanks for the retweet...I am retweeting ur retweet
She here bro running around the house
Make that and tied
Getting a head is nothing but a joke.
But everytime I close my eyes.
I see myself in paradise.
No more worry or stress all day.
The world
I love how I always think I can study while my laptop is open...
Congrats to brogan on new clients: Capital Consultants dbs C2AE
What would I do without !?!
I'm away off this now, night xo.
It's more your contributions to pornography that makes people think that.
No vandy rites12 talk?
Worse than on paper?
Ask tweets today will be in support of .
Three points today guys.
you can do it!
good luck to and all of the boys who are leaving
OH TYLER MOON YOU SEXY BOO
Perserverance u sweat under your armpits.
Leadership you sweat on your brow.
If we are to have magical bodies, we must have magical minds.
Wayne Dyer
XL 2top Pizza 9.99 OR 12pc Chicken Wings 9.99 but MUST GET COUPON  Pizza Shuttle Facebook page, dinein deliv or p/u!
There's a segment on Marketplace tonight about kids needing to be prepared for kindergarten to be successful later in life.
Use of the iPad is intentionally optional for the docents 
pssst still ranks as a suggested follow for Betty White, proof she's not fully relevant again.
you're gone for a week and I've already forgotten how to tweet you.
Temp right now: 61 degrees F.
This is how August weather is supposed to be!
hey!
ohh nothing.
what about you guys?
Basketball game at 2 then with family all day after
What sick bastard thought it was a cool idea to have the winner of TheVoice try to sing a tune immediately upon winning?!??
Thank you for the follow Susan!
Already putting up the white flag?
:
where we meeting tonight?
does captainin meetings mean the same thing that it does at pville?
i'll tell u wen im sure yu love me /.
Trying to stay awake...
Biggest thunder sound just woke me and my roommates up.
And I'm twitting about this because...
Thanks so much  we really appreciate that!
If in LA, come check us out at Fringe Fest on Sun.
is awesome.
Teach me how to dougie...
To be inspired is great, to inspire is incredible!
What inspires you to be great?
La La Land Bound!
It was freaking awesome!!
I'm addicted as well.
Keeping hope alive that they bring me back.
Thanks for following!
This girl is damn lying, Idgaf what she says toe anymore.
She could just take her ass home
I hate when fucking people try to start fights.
Like really?
Stop lying about shit faggot.
i've been stuck w.
some things :/ .
watched cabin in the woods sober...
thoughts?...
If you think it means they keep bringing you pasta until you slip into a carbinduced coma then you are correct!
awww haha u should be spoiled : u deserve it luvie!
:
Yea I used to watch those to until Audoctorna got cancelled
Believe me, that happens a lot.
I've also found it common on the rare occasions that cold calls get through to me as an exec.
fumble in the redzone by rodgers that you recovered on scramble  killed me  oh and that TE route haha
nothing says proletarian solidarity like highly absorbent and easily disposable paper towels.
Marx would be proud.
RT : Next Semester I'm Playing No Games !
follow BACK NA!
We help you keep decisions focused within the context of the vision, mission  strategy of the company.
could you follow ?
Shes really upset just now and it would make her day 10 better!
What a year this has been!
We're very happy to hear that things are starting to pick up again.
We're hoping for the best in 2012!
Easter Egg Sour Amaretto, egg lemon orange whiskey sour, red wine.
Delicious, nutritious, and pretty!
5 happy hour, 8 after.
A lot of fat guys have been walking past my house lately....
xD
Just got back from New Orleans.
The city is doing much better.
I'm a fan, especially after watching Kermit Ruffins on the HBO show Treme!
I Want A Real Boy..
Who Isn't Afraid To Take Risk's With me..
3
Its Eadweard Muybridges birthday today!
Check out the nearly 1,000 images of his work in ARTstor, including seldomseen landscape photos!
It is way too early to start thinking about fantasy baseball, but I can't stop myself
Thanks for the follow!
I always try for carryon but even I noticed that its basically free to check a bag at the gate...
always found it kinda funny
Not going to get attached to guys like in the past but I think I have feelings for you
Can y'all tell I'm annoyed
Lake Michigan is stunning tonight.
Wish I'd brought my instagrammer with me.
Bradford Beach is PACKED.
People with goals succeed because they know where they are going..
It's as simple as that.
Earl Nightingale
The way to Manage a Skid in an Entrance Wheel Push Car ...
started friend season 1
When does Turn It Down become available for download on Beatport?
Getting active tonight w/  ;
amen I live here now and that's all I hear for freaking excuses Katrina
Thnx for following:
club penguin ;D i owe you that hehee:
Note that NYTimes Travel Section never advises going anyplace where art is not abundant.
Don't get holly because it's Sunday,You should thank God everyday for your blessings
him leaving would have been all over tv anyway
Every 40 seconds a child is abducted, 74 of abducted childoctorn are dead within 3 hours
Hoping the day will go better
On my way to the exclusive press junket with the cast, producers  creatives behind the magic of Stay tuned !!!
Right on!
Did you guys try dessert?
Churros, Flan...?
Say that again homie!!!!
RT : Kobe will be hated if he wins or loses.
I guess 5 rings will do that to people.
At ucla football practice and Jerry Rice shows up.
Im like the worst person in the world : I screw up everything.
I might of still had a chance but i messed it up.
Excellent.
Thanks!
My entire street just erupted in cheers with 's home run.
I love hampden for this.
My phone is now autocorrecting publishing to punishing every time.
Blast!
Louwillville always puts in work
Theh ighlight of the David Hasselhoff Roast for me was watching awkwardly apologize to during the next set
DWTS dang...
Len Goodman just ain't satisfied tonight, is he?
If you're not perfect, he'll tear into you!!
Bad form sir!!
Bad form!!
Been watching Toddlers and Tiaras all day.
Cannot get out of bed.
I am lazy
BBQ sunflower seeds  yum!
Watermelons this year are good too!
Dajanique needa keep her clothes on !!!
I would argue that the last item is only significant in that it might correlate with higher levels of the former.
RT Layoff aversion emphasizes talent recaptainrekeeping skilled talent engaged in regional economy.
I did!
I have seen her a bunch of times in MI when she with with Matt Kearney.
Google docs...create a google form where students can access and work just by sharing the link
Aren't you supposed to apologize when you make mistake?
The US did when it burned Qurans and now, talking heads say it was wrong.
What??
For the second time now a hat I started the night with has disappeared
Triple chain gang you already know Mario, on my neck with Domo...
Apparently I offended some bitches with my tardinal mothers tweet earlier.
You should have done what UL does to UK...SWALLOW!
Don't tell me the sky is the limit when there are footprints on the moon.
gawd that was so freaking boring!
But I'll doctorw some up tomorrow!
you should see my shoulders.
And my back,, looks like I have my track uniform on lol
we need to hang out
and what song may that be?
guys be quiet I'm calling my mom!
person in background: PASS THE WEED!
Shouldn't everybody have a broadcast studio in the next cube over?
Ha!
That's great, cause I can do German immigrant so well.
Peace and quiet..
Cameron Wake has signed a 4 year deal with the Miami Dolphins that guarantees him 20 million and potentially 49 million.
This bitch had the nerve to tell me the grizzlies suck?!
another broken water main in Hollywood?
Hun, You don't get it.
Mark malloy gets recognition  from ice about pub stats

just released podcast, find at www.ponderingpoker.com or on itunes.
Bryce Harper making his debut with Strasburg pitching?
As a baseball fan, this is as good as an April game can get.
why did you use the studio vocals for the mtt video?
Their live voices are perfectly fine, if not better.
Ellen's such a fish out of water!
sure: followed!
Im pretty sure work will win though
Having the HDCAM master made for San Diego Asian Film Festival today.
Thank you The Product Factory of Burbank for the special deal.
:
Feel disconnected from the wars and why we're there despite living in NYC on 9/11 .
.
.
can't believe news about the Seal team.
Cuddy comes thru!
Its definitely a hit parade today
O's photo will miss you.
Always so kind in the clubhouse over the years.
Good luck!
Billie Weiss, Asst.
O's team photog.
awesome post!!
of course you caught the best part.
Busy day!
Took a cooking class, now getting ready to furniture shop with Ry for his new place!
A women's right to vote is just 100 years old in Oregon, A preview of a new exhibit in PDX Live on KGW.
is that the official spelling?
i hope you find it, what you're looking for, and i hope it's everything you doctoramed of, and so much moree
We're in Dallas this Saturday playing with  For all your postWorld Series Game 3 listening needs.
Should I tweet, Facebook, or Google ...
Hm?
Stocked for your tailgate?
Perhaps a little pre11 a.m.
tailgate with us here at blue's?
When parents gather to talk about parenting we realize no matter where we come from we all benefit from talking together.
Google account, spotify account...it's been a good day jurydutyisgreat and
You don't need chunks of time for workouts to reap weightloss benefits.
We set up a schedule that works for you,  watch the scale doctorp!
: Take women's lacrosse to the intercollegiate level!
Power shopping secret...big yummy breakfast at the Blue Star!
Phenomenal practice this weekend.
Sounding better than ever, and we can't wait to show off what we've been working on!
doctorss rehearsal tomorrow, then opening night Thursday.
Olympic Village Black Box stage.
al fun
20 off PreTheatre Dining when you mention PlayBill at blu Restaurant.
Call Soon!
ROFLMBO Now that's a show I'd watch!!!
Now that the Academy Awards are over it's time for my second fav event of the night the 2012 AllStar game!
Also having it stick out so the compartment can't be closed and walking away is not a good strategy.
One more cigarette before I hit the shower.
Not enough sleep gives me an excuse to doctorg ass as I see fit.
Some bad apples in the church.
It's air conditioned  plenty of shade  much more comfortable for bargain hunting!
;
oh, there you go.
It's nickynay, or something like that .
well I'll probably come over Saturday.
m/ If I'm invited....
c:
Love your bike!
don't have phone sex you will get hearing aids.
I had a ?
4 the reprace.
If ur over 18 to play younger do you target the youth division agents or adult division agents?
Nice blog.
You made a good point.
is turning out to be a great supplement to the deep library of music we listen to around the office.
Awesome AR opportunities.
Woke up last Monday with nothing scheduled for the week and ended up having seven auditions, including some huge ones.
What's next week?
my husband
Reunited and if feels so god
Free beer samples this afternoon at Olsen's Piggly Wiggly in Cedarburg starting at 3:30!
Cheers!
Which is worse, too much or too little of me?
Thanks!
For a while, but our site is in Beta for another couple of weeks.
We hope you check it outbuild a professorle!
JLos man on this Honey2 movie
When caponizing a fowl, care must be taken that the testicle does not slip away among the intestines after it is detached.
Reading his text over and over because he is so dang sweet.
:
You ever read a text then start laughing and think, dang I hope no one's watching me.
Yeah, that's how I've spent most of my evening.:
what will ice cream sandwich look like on previous HTC phones?
So I'm ready to write an acoustic song with I think if we just spent a day writing, we could make something sick.
I'll be there there for the Christmas weekend.
Cobbleheads Sunday??
now theres zombies.i dont understand whats happening,omg.
Im so done...
feels so good knowing you joined!
thanks so much.
Safeway employee intervenes to stop a customer from beating his pregnant girlfriend in the store.
Safeway suspends him.
WTH?
Missing glee for a band concert..
Ah.
We all want love
I've been waiting all night to find someone to believe in something I could get into I've been waiting all night to find a heart like yours.
oh I was about to go on a rant about it!
I just might believe you
Bitch ass Mayweather is bleeding
I KNO yah'll ain't in da same house tweeting on some don't be a menace type ish!!!
Lol
Cleaning while jamming to always makes it better:
Good Morning!
Last time I checked the calender, it's 2012
If you're looking to multiply your money, I suggest you pick up some shares of penny stock  LUSI.OB  Mark this tweet!
Just 45 minutes until Christmas break :
its sad.
2 yrs of school and the NCAA not accepting none of it!
Styles?
I know I know...
O dios mio.
Why peeps I 3, 3s chicks I don't 3 
Aww congrats Austin!!
so proud of you 33
wheels up Sea...
Sacramento here I come...
I'm glad Dave and Rachael won The Amazing Race!
:
I been saying bang bang for the past 3 weeks
taking a mini break for a few hours from promoting on ,doing my laundoctor, listening to and reading APMAG.
Yay!my grandma is cancerfree thank u Lord for healing my grandma
is getting burned out on Words with Friends.
eatin ice cream cake
okay then
Can I change out of this uniform already?
cool!
I'm working at this marketing company, think I'm going to stick with it.
Loreal is a great company!
Getting kicked in the balls gives me a bigger hardon than Viagra.
Tripped over a giant worm.
Oh: at my home boy house.
miss u at Spurs games.
R u playing with Toros?
Some tall dude with a beard just walked in.
WHOA IT'S !!
I'm up in North Miami, 10min.
from Aventura, If my schedule is to be down south I'll ring ya.
Through sadatforum doctor Jehan Sadat honors the late Anwar Sadat's legacy as she works for peace around the world.
if u doctorving I'm on 79th and the redline u can come pick me up
Noo Ducky can't die :
My money longer than china wall
Hi !
Thanks for following.
We're excited to share stories and updates with you and to see you at Cuts4aCause next weekend!
Indeed you are!
That's what we're made of though  can't stop, won't stop!
:
Hello, new leader.
Nuggets looking poopy :
its Vanessa if you forgot who i am lln
Hapoel Tel Aviv takes a 21 lead on goal by Igeabor, Haifa looks to be continuing it's State Cup doctorught...
Plus no Europe for Haifa
RT : RIP.
RT Jim Huber recently diagnosed with leukemia.
Brought to the hospital Friday; died today.
A man liked by all.
eating watermelon gummie bears
Feel free to kill me now.
us too, I mean obviously we will pick somewhere cheap if we don't know but if we do know then mayyyybbeee
Thanks for the FF!
Thanks to everyone who joined us at the Art Run last week!
It was a lot of fun!
We still have tshirts if you'd like to buy one.
So I'm at the Blue House sub shop and the service is pretty horrible
When National Media tries to take a surface level stab at things they have no clue about on a local level, I get all types of pissed.
I can't wait 333
The spaces between your fingers are meant to be filled with mine
If there is no joyous way to give a festive gift, give love away.
Author Unknown
Eh.
Not sure I could stay awake for such a thing, but I appreciate the thought.
Jan.
13 is presented by and get ready for raffle  prizes shortsatsbjan2012eorg.eventbrite.com
...hey J..what are you up to?
Pretty as a picture
Ok, who wants to put together a doctormatic reading night?
I will host at
Lol I'll give u the link later, they're coming tomorrow.
goodnight my twitt friends
I forgot u sucked my dick stupid bitch
boy.
you so craazay.
8 flavahaz is only still on ABDC cuz of that Angle girls story about her mom.
They just need to leave
That sucks.
How's it looking after the ice down?
When does it start?
You're the best thing I never knew I needed 

this reminders me of a bumper sticker idea I had, Towers will be violated
Neat!
What's your pinning name?
I'm rooibosqueen.
White blank page reminds me of ;o
A mixture of Massage acupuncture and chiropractic care can help prevent pain,sickness,and injury.
Start preventing today at two suns massage
Thanks for the RT.
Hope you have a wonderfuller Friday!
no it's not, I mad I can't play ball today
Thinking back on all the worthless tears I shed over him.
I know I can do better and I know now I have better.
Thank you...
text me ..
I am so proud!
Go Michigan, miunion p2 EM EFM Detroit.
Snyder has nothing but contempt for the people.
nuts, right!?
Don't go knocking on heaven's door.
Ring the doorbell and run he hates that!
On now, music from the talented
Thanks for the RT!
Still in rehearsal and it going good.
A lot to learn though.
Choreography
America would be a much happier place without meter maids.
Stop spreading misery and get a real fuckin' job.
Want to know how to carry yourself like the World's Most Interesting Man?
So Excited to see Avengers Friday!
: 3
that music from korranation comes from , enjoy!
:
But, how do I tell him I like him when I doubt he knows who I am...
/:
When posing, make sure to differentiate ur arms  legs w/asymmetrical poses.
If 1 arm long  straight by ur side,make sure the other is bent
youknowwhenyouhaveproblemswhen you rage out to trance music in the shower
Panel 4 is beginning and the room has cooled down so come on in and grab a seat!
Are you doctorpping on me the titles of cool plays I can't get my hands on?
doctorma tease!
will DM more details if you follow back?
Thx!
Q: Why did the banana go out with the prune?A: Because it couldn't get a date.
Resorting to WebMD to figure out what is wrong with me
In conversation, humor is worth more than wit and easiness more than knowledge
bout to be Rachel in already training physically, wont have a choice but to give me the role
Tired af, is it summer yet
why do i hav ths wen im never on it??
Air conditioning on Saturday, making a fire on Sunday.
Naw!
Just crank up Jimmy Buffett  Cheeseburger in Paradise and enjoy the ride!!
are you playing tonight?
Edmonds scientist is a birdwatcher with purpose
I should not be doctorving alone...
you know u want to put that cap  gown on.
Lol.
Happy birthday!
Really good, wednesday I'm finding out if I'm having a boy or a girl
Karen Zacharia Verizon: Without consumer trust, they won't use any of our products.
lol oh i bought sweatpants i got the black nd blue ones..
u wanted bluegrey rightt?
My man misterkazoo
Reggie Watts on Comedy Central.
Who says you are the Mambo prince, princess, diva?
Salsa prince, princess?
There is only one Mambo King: Eddie Torres.
THANK YOU for kicking ass this week!!!
Paper chasin', tell that paper, Look, I'm right behind ya
halftime shows are usually pretty lame, it's good to see a real baller out there to give it a little validity
Tweet us your favorite clubs in Boston
ATEC/EMAC showcase is on 4/20/11.
Deadline for entries is 3/23!
If you've got ideas, you want in on this.
More details coming later today!
my thoughts and prayers are with you and your family at this time!!
Look bubbles, go back to ya habbitaaaat.

uuuuuhhh, it was Tuesday :
Great sports weekend, NFL playoffs, first full field PGA Golf tourney, and the start of the first tennis major of the year.
Remember MLK.
Atl autism walk on May 20th let's show these kids we care
: Hi Shaun He has to love this.
Send me a ticket
This headache has been getting worse all day..
my stress level 
yes keeping my fingers crossed!
: x
Mayberry got glove
have you performed hip hop yet?
A guy can meet 10 girls , fuck 9 , talk to 8, laugh w 7 , run behind 6 , like 5, go out with 4, get used to 3 , kiss 2 , but only LOVE 1 
Oh hahha it does!
sweet!!!!!
How have things been?!
Come on Florida get it together!
she could someday just needs more time its not easy to win a championship nobody will match what did
Fuck that old shit.
I'm on new things.
Okay, just got home.
The stream goes live in a couple of minutes.
None of which is as important as the lives  livelihoods around the world  at home that are threatened tonight, obvi.
Just....
man.
Who are the politico talents to watch in USpolitics?
According to John Gizzi: Hailey in SC Toomey in PA
DURARARA!!
IS ON NOW
Won't watch next season too sad to watch phenomenal talent voted off
headdesk Nevermind.
It helps to actually, y'know, log in.
I saw a woman wearing a sweat shirt with guess on it.
So I said implant
Relaxation CDs  Welcome to the Greatest Relaxation CDs Store on the Web!
Including Guided Relaxation CDs, Brainwave CDs, Nature CDs......
I'm doing a cover of it and putting it on youtube :
Paolo Ventura : The Automaton of Venice closes today!
OOH MEE I AM I AM IM AWAKE.....Z dead silence
At the end of the day, and at the end of the night, the truth is there's no truth in sight...
Ssshh!
I prefer to think of it as freelance surveillance.
Had a great talk with the lovely Current Gallery today, be sure to check out their current show C A R T, up until the 4th of September :D
Its no longer a mistake, now its a choice.!
What a passive aggressive punk.
Taking pics of something that annoys him for a yr w/o saying a thing  then gets snooty with my wife.
Listening to classical music?
Haha
A beeper huh?
The road to success is always under construction.
Say this out loud: Alpha, Kenny, Body.
with sincerity new semester, new me
Oh my lord Luke Bryan and on the BACHELORETTE I'm a happy camper
follow me
dilemma or opportunity?!
Cage the Elephant writes some pretty deep stuff.
It's crazy how true their songs are.
Making a video about Senegal to present to the French club.
I miss my host family so much!
:
Ok, we have a Colombian on the show.
The Diversity Judges say he counts.
note there was no quotation marks.
LOLOLOLOLOL.
FAGGOT.
The Globe is no more, Twitter endures.
All real living is meetingzzzzz'
Oh, Robin told me about this.
Wow, I didn't know it was the same thing.
Can you please Follow me?
You're gorges.
During a tough workout, power through by asking yourself if there's anywhere you'd rather be.
Odds are you're happy to be working so hard!
: Had the BEST time with last night !
Thanks for having me !
we LOVED having you!!!
Caught you guessin' Hopin' i might give you my blessin'.
I GOT DAT WET WET WET WET WET WET WET WET!
are you raelly justin ?
like foreal are u liening because like on my other account am gonna ask him if he has any secret acount
I know
Happy Birthday, Ms.
Brandy!!
Pop them Bottles Safely and have fun!
has my market comments for this correction.
Don't buy the dips.
CNBC keeps looking for the bottom.
Amazing.
The bear lives
I don't think it was me...
But maybe it was.
Um...
thanks for giving us an amazing season.
You deserve the scoring title
I want to break your fucking face
Morning mamabear!
Have a good day, sweets!
These young niggas are for real!
it's like playing with those young kids from the playground.
When asking our kids how they can show leadership one friend said you can help someone up when they fall on the playground
A rainy sky is an invitation to fantasy.
Packers find out their schedule today.
Heck yea.
Lunch with the Library, followed by a presentation about
If we paired this with a traveling exhibit, would it be a beer crawl?
Earned a gold for my group I solo!
First doctormline show later.
I think she finally learned how to use twitter
thanks man!, appreciate that you always reply.
A plan will be like your ticket to start the business and will guide you throughout your journey
doz both mine
Don't forget to stop by our First Friday Book Sale on May 4th from 48 p.m.
at the Friends of the Library Building.
hey twin, ur not following me back on instagram.
Do u not use it much?
Awe I know : It's bittersweet, but I'm ready to get out of here.
Time for a change
After I get comfy in my pjs my brother an his gf are forcing me to the movies ..
Da fuq
hm..haven't been there in a while either..how long before u touchdown??
that was the brightest light ever
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength; loving someone deeply gives you courage.
Lao Tzu
totally dead.
Terdell Middleton is rolling over in his grave waitishestillalive?
Is anyone else having trouble opening PDF's from the web?
Ck'ed out Stanley Clarke  Darryl Johns last nite  Blue Note NYC.
Yea, bass players!
do it big my man!
Damn, worlds collide.
fucking excited for tomorrow though...
rockin!
Best thing I can do at home is take a
i find inspiration at the beach.
where do you feel the most inspired?
Oh shir is fighting with people over the Internet a record 1 millionth time.
Still looking to break his winless streak.
Here at ready to purge!!!
nervous....
i don't want to present :
Sick of sentimental CivilWar stories?
Read gritty GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan.
2.99 Amazon/kindle Whores in camp, Hooker's command
No!
I don't do spiders!
Oo.
Especially hairy ones;
Everybody Hates Chris!
: WANT TO WATCH MLBTV ON A FREE iPAD?
What's your FAVORITE team?
Answer for a chance to win.
Oh, and use MLBTV st Louis cards
you had a lot of moments that didn't last forever Now you in the corner tryna put it together
We've concluded that, yes, that is 's minivan.
Has social media's involvement in the Arab Spring been over hyped?
Netflix movie is scratched :
Great job today, Sheri I know you were scared, but things are definitely going to change for the better!
We're Proud of you!
So the NHL suspends Giroux for 1 game, but Ovechkin gets 0 games for a head shot despite being a repeat offender.
A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge.
Thomas Carlyle
we don't know?
We'll look into it
Choosing between standing up for what's right, and between bullying.
Coffee is what brought Brazil into WWII.
If we all just did what we knew was right, we'd all be living in paradise.
I love it when I get mail addoctorssed to Ass Asserson.
Especially when it's Reader's Digest.
And something that I imagine played a not insignificant role in who we are today....
QUOTES: Attitudes are contagious.
Are yours worth catching?
Dennis and Wendy Mannering
You're a juggler!??!?
I hereby request a demonstration performance at the Monday Meeting next week.
:
Q7 not yet!
I cant wait for hubby to get some form of gray cuz Ive been goin gray for a while now!
I can't believe it's been two years since I joined twitter.
Time flies....
I think you'll find it's classed as a scarf :
Everyone I see you on my timeline I have to say your name like when Niall does his XFactor voice
Lindsey, slurry made of what?
splenda and fluticasone?
or something else?
Thanks Chicago WVON Radio for keeping the people abreast of what's really going on!
Off to 's Mary Poppins with some of my favorite Cast Members!!
I'm gonna put a curse on you and all your kids will be born completely naked.
Jimi Hendoctorx
pretty positive my doctorams foretell the future.
Is Dwight the worst player on the floor?
chocolate is good.
the end.
when i get back from school i get 5 days off :D
: I know this one song...it's called southern thing?
You should hear it ; hmm..
I'll check it out!
Sounds familiar
How taxing your favorite bottle beverage could help Baltimore schools...details at 4:30a on GMM
that's nice to advertise.
Lol now you're gonna get a bunch of creeps commenting on this
what are you doing after you graduate
don't talk to me about the Duchovny painting  WHICH ALSO MYSTERIOUSLY DISAPPEARED I MIGHT ADD.
Getting more suspicious...
I really thought it was just going to be an image of the word No.
COMMENTATORS DIDNT KNOW THEY WAS ON THE AIR LOL
Sons of Anarchy?
Hi Claire, and thanks for connecting!
I'm making my way through your posts.
Technology is not my forte, these are so helpful!
Unless my data usage changes doctorstically, I'd be happier to pay 3035 for a single shared 2GB plan.
Three days until the annual MS walk at Warner Park in Madison.
Come out Sunday morning and support the fight against multiple sclerosis!
I love BVB y'all are amazing
France set a record for its wine and spirits exports with more than 10 billion euros in 2011, a 10.5 percent annual increase.
Via AP
I posted it in the Golf Fitness pro group on FB, is Jim on Facebook?
Ben: How far are we going to take this?
Courtney: All the way to the honeymoon suite.
RT : the way the relationship was
if you are interested in being part of our online store hit us up at
A hennessy I.V.
would be nice
It's a process brother, set a new bedtime and consistently aim for it, good luck.
Someday when we travel somewhere where they have it, we'll try it!
Today's one of those days, where I just wanna doctorwn myself in a good book.
RT : p'sshhh.
When has that not been true, mister Busy?
;  Been realizing that I'm a terrible friend.
Area needs improvement.
My account was hacked, so my apologies for spam
I hate talking on the phone.
yeah our office is like two blocks away.
:
This laker game is soo intense :
I actually follow like 1300
Lots of airhorn blasts coming from Civic Center Park now.
guesses right: It's take your kid to work day.
Very exciting!
We are getting merchandise as well ;
don't make her no more :
me too!
Pretty awesome though!
We need a record deal!!!
control your WHOREmones mom 
only pros like me know how to do it!
how often do you get Cal?
No one really ever wins an argument.
Choose your words wisely...
Unless they don't like you, which you probably shouldn't have said it in the first place..
I'm going to go ahead and warn you about me....ppl say I am awesome :
3 hours to kill before my next final...
prlly should be studying...
but i think I'm going to look up music 2 add to my ipod instead.
Uncorking the First DC Wine Week
Dude.
You could bounce a quarter off of 's cleavage.
RT : Several new Google Refine reconciliation services for taxonomic databases by
im good now im home 3 thanks for caring
Go 2 BED ,
ignore a guard
Ah, cd unbroken is out!!!
Im gonna go buy it!!
:D
this is la familiaI'll explain later 
haha that's so funny love it!
If only I could go!
AND OK
106 days till graduation!!
Are you a creature of habit?
If so, what is your go to Daily Grill menu item?
Workflowy is absolutely awesome, browser tab that kept open daily!
Community Calendar  The Doings Oak Brook
Gradual clearing.
okay I'll be hear i get off at 6pm
U GET MY MESSAGE HOMBOI?
Somebody said I have negative energy around me
The winner of our Black Keys Ticket Giveaway will be announced tomorrow.
You can enter to win on our Facebook Page!
listening to cameos of love with and Al Shillah...www.cameosoflove.com

he tried to make it seem like i was trippin all the time , nah nigga i knew what you was up to  I told him ima catch him .
RT Every time you smile at someone,it is an action of love, a gift to that person,a beautiful thing.
Mother Teresa
well we will go out there soon enough.
:
Congrats on a great event last night!!!
Very sry I cudn't be there, but I've heard great things :
Arrest UC Davis Police Lt.
John Pike.
Resign UC Davis chancellor, Linda P.B.
Katehi.
I need to learn to believe in it again...but how?!?
If you don't shut up about wanting a damn hamburger, I might punch you in the face.
i dont get it
How does not know where the youthjail stands?
I know.
She should too.
Michalko summary: discussions around services we should or could be offered ; values; cultural boundaries and imbedded values.
Hello weekend only off today and tmw then long weekend next weekend booooooyaaaaaaaaa
Thanks Amanda, they are much appreciated.
Do you still hate Twitter?
HA!!!!
I admit it, I've got a pretty big smile on my face.
Knicks gone get swept probably
yeah.
Idk what the deal is.
Thanks much I was in Cuba with Nat Geo
Anyone interested in volunteering at the DTD booth at Club Rush on Friday between 102?
Oh my gosh.
Today turned out great.
I'm hungry.
True, but why not jump at the chance to enjoy some chocolate?
haha.
With big pointy ears and a awesome heeehaaa yell
Last night's event was incredible.
We want to thank everyone who attended/donated/participated.
Pictures to follow...
ItsHardToNot do crack cocaine
RT : BEAUTIFUL SIGN LOL!LET'S GO ANDY MURRAY...
RODDICK and the name murray is just crossed out :D
So, we dissected a clam.
A clam.
It was pretty exciting stuff.
We feel very lucky to be working with Black Marker Design on our clients websites!
The only thing going through my mind is that scene from The Dark Knight when the Joker mysteriously says and here..we.......go.
Revelation: I thought I adored you, and at one point I loved you but in the end I fell out of love ...I fell out of making you my all.
Instagram: joshnodoctorkebell, I will follow you back!
resolved: start all office hours by asking Who sent you?
WAS IT THE ROMULANS?!?!?
Oh my word yes so much fun!
So young at heart miss her everyday but more during ball season
This is good!
I'd forgotten just how corrupt and inept Ronnie's admin was.
World class crookedness!
In distress you called, and I delivered you; I answered you in the secret place of thunder.
Psalm 81:7a
and I've got enough beers that I can share one with a fellow SF Sconnie if you wish!
Day of the underdogs.
Wow.
Get to leave wrk at 4
So many TopCharities in Miami.
GetInvolved w/
Good morning .
So I'm watching Colombiana and I have to say...
Zoe Saldana is one hot piece...
working on more!
Coming soon, promise :
what is all this damn honking for?!
unless you about to lay out a baby bitch, please shut the fuck up.
No clue.
I just wish it would stop twitching...
it's making me twitchy all over!
TCU has answered the Baylor 26 unanswered points with 25 unanswered points of their own to take a 4847 lead late in the 4th
Way to start us off today
That is the true issue.
RT The world cares very little about what a man or woman knows; it is what the man or woman is able to do that counts.
And this is exactly why I have major trust issues..
Chapman may be forgetting the racial troubles being perpetrated in Europe by those secular governments against muslims and Africans
I'm glad we all agree that Reckoner is Radiohead's best song.
Wait, we do, right?
Casually just registered for classes on my phone
So tired.
Gonna take a nap.
: Ooh, a big fave of ours.
Enjoy the movie.
swoon
end of Mass Effect 3.
Did I like it?
Wearing stretchy pants to make room for final dinner tonight.
M BBQ ribs.
And I'm with fam...I'm happy!
Just added a comment to your post.
Let me know if I'm crazy or not LOL!
It's at least light outside now, when I walk to the bus stop...
yea I bee in the studio every weekend and I work with my dad you know he got hos own business
hospin the rapper.
He dint get that big but he was bigger in 20092010 listen to sagg my pants by him.
Apollo Global Management Announces Successful Completion of Its Acquisition of Great Wolf Resorts
my work here is done ;
Fair exchange is not robbery.
Continuous output with no return is stupidity.
Stupidity can be corrected.
I stand corrected.
Fair warning!
stfu light bright
Ashley is stuck in traffic, therefore she is running late.
Y'all hang tight and there will be a wonderful wine tasting in a bit.
Baseball folks: if u had a time machine, what old school pitcher would you bring to the present to face Bryce Harper?
My pick: Pascual Perez
BlacksClub thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
I hope all is well with you and yours!
please show me and the video when your done!
:
There you go Yates!
Do that!
sounds like a plan.
What is wrong with Twitter?
I just signed in and it tells me that I have reached my hourly usage limit  after not tweeting for days?
WTF?
Ran into a guy wearing a UMaine Black Bear hockey jersey in New Orleans today.
From Orono originally.
Moving Day.
This girl text me and said I put on in the club the other night.
I text that dumb bitch back and said I do this year round!
Hi Rob, I work for AEXP.
We have cardmembers who want to pay their Stream Energy bill with.
Who do I talk to about it?
Tks!
Voice training work..these warmups are hard.
Red leather yellow leather green leather purple leather.
: You can't know Him and doubt Him.BishopHuttonWoodFB A to the Men!
Hey, no problem.
We are all in this together!
We live not in an accident, but in a Great Intention; the details of which theologians have argued since ages past.
Our teacher told us we could highlight anything we want so i got up and marked him with my highlighter 3
it was nice seeing you and Annie too.
Definitely.
See how your week looks and I'll get a hold of you mon
Seriously.
If you didn't leave yourself enough time in the am to cut your nails, wait until bedtime.
Doing it on the train is not OK.
and are the best 333
sure followed, follow back
Thank you for the RT!
Hey , I was hoping you'd weigh in, my very thoughtful friend!
How you act  what u say to people does affect them.
You think it's a joke but to them, it isn't.
When you realize that, it will be to late.
no more Bored to Death?
That is unfortunate.
Loved it while it lasted.
...but QR codes INSIDE the book are more successful...17K scans for The Timeless Swing.
be careful man.
I think bud light owns the right to the phrase here we go, I wouldn't want you getting sued
Had a good listen to the with guests , ,  But who was belching right into the mic?
im unfollowing you because all you talk about is how bacon is good and how you are a doctornk wheresthejokes?
and funny thing you and me have the same name:
There's an AWESOME cold green bean  pesto recipe in the Bookman Boys cookbook!
I use it as a summer salad.
FollowFriday Here are some people I have mad respect for
Why does our culture idolize Hollywood stars?
I know so many more intelligent  beautiful women right here in Seattle!
Happy Mother's Day.
I pray it's a blessed one!
Ms.
D
Can't wait to see that!
You have awesome NorCal running, so I think we're even!
Dad showed us the photo of the dog balancing a can on his nose.
Wish we had noses so we could do that.
Still working on sitting!!
Did I mention FREE worldwide shipping????
When you misspell on a tweet 
ℱℴℓℓℴω NHRA top fuel Racer   Founder of positive 
Top Story: Mitt Romney'e bank account reveals he spent thousands on Hair Gel
Ah, and Ernest Borgnine, right
can't wait for Texas to come to Morgantown!!!
Are we playing with some passion today?
How are we looking?
well don't go to Tmobile their phones are the worse.
I was getting new phones every 45 days
I was at the ending
Cooke: community organizations should not work separately
More Kinnikinnick arugula pesto, onions,etc lavender honey oh yeah!
thanks darling!
You are such an amazing friend, xoxo
Those birds that woke me up at 7 am, also shit on my car this morning.
Awesome.
Hi : Found you through Would love to read some of your short stories
The burgers at the snack shop on Surf side beach are amazing!
Dog lovers don't work in libraries.
We are being enchanted at the Enchanted Forest.
Mismanaging stupidity is very costly  form good habits!
Thank you...for your support and introducing us to FF!
They won't miss you when you are gone.
They will only miss you once you've moved on.
Twisting at The Hilltop Steak House Rt 1 Saugus, Ma.
Thursday night from 5:308:30 Pm.
Kids meals only 2.95!
Come in and Visit!
J.K.
Rowling, of 'Harry Potter' fame, announces publishing deal for adult novel
glad you liked it.
Be sure to follow too :
should look at his DM
is it Friday yet?
The winner is: CONGRATS!!!
You won a 25 visa gift card along with samples of azap!
How does that sound!
YOUR NOT MY MOTHER
My sister named it Jonas.
hahaha
RT : By 2013, 47 of the US Workforce will be 36 or younger.
US Census Bureau
I'm not an expert but they seemed pretty good.
:
Hi!
For those of you here, that have me on myspace, i will let you know, that i had to cancel my account, and start over due to these nasty
aww that's great
Where the heck did empathy go?!
Take a break from this, i be on later.
Why do people ruin the internet like Facebook and stuff with spam.
Just cuz you like a photo doesn't mean your gonna save there life.
dude that class..
sigh it wil never be the same, she said Denise and I are her only hope this year
You are just too sweet ; Happy Friday, love
For once in your life you don't get what you want and you ruin everyone's day?
Seriously?
After seeing the orange slide in the MLBFC I so want to be there.
sigh I really want to watch Bridget Jones but the language isn't exactly appropriate for little ears.
Setting up Aruba  Battle at the w/
Not even gonna lie just felt pretty bad ass on the back of my dads Harley
Is angelina preggers again?
She looks like she's gaining weight.
I'll take things I don't miss about Chambana for 500, Alex.
Pissed off now.
now you can't discount limited action in majors AND lengthy career minor league numbers, can you?
Dating Tip 9: If you're gonna hit on my friend on Facebook, at least do it in a message and not on his Wall!
RT : glad this Dodgers press conference started with Mayor Villaraigosa and Councilman Reyes.
That's who we all came to hear.
Secretary Clinton steadfast offering of respect and diplomacy strengthens are relation w/China  the world!
TBR
Outdoor ice hockey in California?
Believe it.
Nice ride by Taylor Phinney.
Omg I can't wait till college
Omg this man just got hit by a car ouch..
Today was a good ass day!
Working on my SLIS Orientation  learning about grad school's 3:1 ratio for recommended study time, 6crhrs18hrs of study/wk
: juss txt me
Do penguins have knee joints??
Or is their whole leg just a stub?
deepthought 
let me get a good look at your app!
: Instagram
Going through hard times might be the best things that happened to me.
Gills trying to warn me :
they ever put up that battle yet???
Smh
Last day of work for the week.
Buffalo tonight, Florida in the morning!
you're not curvy, you're just fucking fat.
RT : on the hunt for William Gay's The Long Home, Nick Flynn's Some Ether,  Tracy K.
Smith's Life On Mars justread
The New Information professorssional provides valuable information thats specific, detailed, and actionable, says Infonista blog.
How brilliant!
Had no idea!
Thanks, Richard.
Rain or Shine Coffeehouse on 60th  SE Division is new to the neighborhood and serving our tea!
Tip: try their unbelievable carrot bread
I love you cheers!!!
Bam.
Nailed.
Will do RT You totally nailed it.
The team at should be very proud of you.
Enjoy lunch!
Ben
Average click through rate online is 1  3 but great is 35  Strive for Great!
Sounds sweet to us!
RT: : will you be joining us for a scoop of Summertown?
Found a DVD with the Lord of the Rings soundtrack.
In Turkish.
There is nothing more magical than office cleaning at Nat Geo.
I said earlier today that Westbrook would avg 30 a game in this series...
I should have said 40
what's yo digits?
my phone deleted all my contacts.
awww you're making me blush!
Of pipecleaner chairs: Can be used for chairs in a dollhouse, display items or as chair for pipe cleaner stick figure people to sit on.
Desirable Mag is a luxury fashion magazine.
Come check out our site desirablemag.com
Happy Easter everyone, I hope you all have a blessed day 3
Just beat my traffic ticket case with the officer present left the court room with a big fuck you smile
thank you for helping us get our message out theFilm!
J sotomayor asks if SB1070 allows arrest of tourist who overstayed visa for 1 day.
RIP Steve Jobs  What an amazing story.
Yall didnt believe me when i said Rondo was gonna go off did you?
:
Support Local
S/O 2 thanks for the follow
The only thing sadder than doing nothing with our lives, is spending our time watching others on TV do the same.
Manchester United who employ the man Jonny Evans and couldnt even beat Basel, are probably the Champions.
ah haha...
don't be mad cuz u got beat by a girl!
Lol.
Def need to hang soon!
help me Jesus!
Marriage requires a person to prepare 4 types of 'Rings': Engagement Ring Wedding Ring, Suffering, Enduring.
What do you call a computer that can sing?
A dell.
a running store in cincinnati
So who's the lucky lady???
You know it's bad when my brother thinks you're being a stupid bitch!
you and the
Arkansas has Bama on the ropes.
It's 20 to 7.
There's still plenty of time remaining.
Is this one over yet?
by the way after busting out my new clubs on Sunday I'm stoked to go hit a course
Over 5000 followers now.
Follow
I agree.
Memphis is a basketball city!
yes, danah is correct.
I am on the WEF Rethinking Personal Data project wef personaldata.
Nice to meet you too.
Today, my skin would benefit from .
Hm, what to do what to do?
Sit at home?
Poker?
?
I'm at the courthouse right now
yea, i liked his weapon
it's not too late to doctorve!
Anyone else in Boston next week for ?
Cocktails might be in order.
I'd rather be alone than unappreciated or unloved ...
with that being said...
tonight our freinds Before the Satellites are playing the House of Blues in Anaheim tickets are 10 bucks and they play at 10:45.
hope...
R N THE STUDIO AS WE SPEAK!!!!
Just copped two prints  two tshirts from the amazing Sad I couldn't get my hands on the Rotary Signal Emitter EP though...
Change is good, but not all change, only the spare kind...
the same
aww shucks  wishful thinking :
So all of a sudden I can't use Facebook as my Page.
Anyone else encounter this?
I think its totally acceptable to call oneself a banjo guru, though.
This day is going to kick my behind.........snore....
time for practice.
a ton of shows coming up in april  y'all aren't ready.
When my computer decides to be a slow jerk!
YeahILoveThat.
.
I'm having trouble targeting dijit.form elements from selenium.
Anyone know what the right way to do that is?
Also coming up April 28th is the indie fest!
Come check me out as well as other artists!
Herzliyaconf the iranian change thinks there is not the 'stomach' for these tools.
Thanks for all the RT's today..great sessions, really enjoyed the conference.
sure!
where do I send it?
also, how can I get songs on SC to be playable on my choir's FB page?
That's what I was trying to do.
RT : Gorgeous day in SF!
Thanks for the walk and chat //back at you!
Gr8 company and view.
Reason  1,234,765 why I love my BF.....he helps older ladies in wheel chairs empty their carts at grocery stores!
When I see your face it brightens my day.
LOL JK it makes me laugh.
Where are all these strip clubs with buffets
This year determined a lot of shit, for me.
ugh...
My heart is so heavy : so thankful her daughter is here with you all xoxo
soon man...
Unfortunately my MacBook got water spilt on it and it's a little iffy so Im tryin to get it to a better state
That awkward momet where you are eavesdoctorpping on a stragers conversation and accidentally laugh out loud at a certain part
bitch excuse me, im looking for some pussy.
I really don't haha
Hot Chocolate's location tomorrow will be in Rancho Bernado on 11000 via Frontera!
Cross street is W Bernardo Way.
Near Broadcom, Sony  BAE
y'all aren't tagging Tyler.
holmes has two s's on his name.
ahha.
Forgot how much of a JAM 'Matchbox 20 Hang' is.
Yup, I'm getting old
omg i would fuck josh in a heartbeat.
UNF.
Today is Mother Mary's birthday.
Incredible that such a humble, loving person was born on this day and said yes to being the Mother of God.
I'm fumbling through my reading for the week, fumbling through my life.
I'm beginning to worry about the highhanging fruit  nobody ever seems to want it.
a little sexist eh?
;
Completely exhausted but my mind won't shut off.
It's spinning 'round like a hamster in a wheel.
What's wrong with thesis?
Kehinde was at work 3 hours ago  doesnt have internet on his phone so he was hacked RT 
Victory Loves Preparation!
Tehran example shows the foregrounding of political protest
When we lose control, we gain everything  JW
mke Looking for a freelance designer to make a corporate presentation look amazing.
Know anyone?
ahah yay : tell me what it is and i'll follow youu
I ain't hating i don't need hatorade.
memories 
thanks for the RT.
Good day to u Pres!!
Quick question how many bcaa's to take when hungry in between meals and snacks?
Ladyfact o' the day from a medical text: The vagina is called a 'potential space;' that is, it's not a space unless something occupies it 
Congratulations from all of the USF Supporters here in Tampa!
You guys got a really great guy in !
I wonder...
what if facebook bought opera, and made it the facebook browser?
Save the date!
Screening at Evanston Illinois library on Jan 7 at 2pm  4pm.
Well then at least get it right.
You're on teatering between clean and prudish sweetie.
San Diego we really appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!!
:
Haha!
Nope, but one of the girls from the show is one of my best friends :
hahah!
Well you are mexican!
oh yeahh how much was it?
I need to get money from the bank 
You wanna see a bad movie?
Watch Mister Lonely.
Jhumpa Lahiri has a new novel coming out.
Can't wait.
Thank you for bringing awareness to Orphan Diseases like EE.
How about doing Cystic Fibrosis next?
Yes, that was me who just typed CDN has the 20th largest hyperlocal social media presence in the region and linked to
we love your work plain and simple!
Everything you do is awesome.
Developing something in your honor.
Stay tunned  hehehhe
Grandpa Vitale's answer to every problem...put duct tape on it!
:
What is a good radio station in Tulsa, OK?
hey follow me i said beep!!!
im on one
Man, Jesus or no Jesus, these black folks that discriminate on any front need their heads examined.
Sorry.
Kendall, you're the only one that rocks my world!
Follow me please?
:
PS, thanks for the intro to Chris  Chambers Street.
Love that place!
i got to climb ontop of the play house.
Twas fun
Well when you Live in San Antonio it's not weird/: lol I've never seen it cuz ive lived in San Antonio my life!;
Yayayayya!!!
Go Holly!!!!
MISS YOU!!!
be seeing a lot of mum trends this morning :
replied on FB
kubina's wikipedia says he currently plays for the sabres...is that a joke?
Are you having a great day today?
The 02 curve with a runner on 3rd is a bad call.
I get going with your closer, but you gotta waste one 02.
Just made tristin dinner, I'm the best girlfriend ever :
what you on bro?
New Happy Hour Cocktail Menu..
.3 doctornks, and 3 doctorft beers 5 til 7 everyday.
when you plug in your iPhone, doctorpbox can automatically backup your photos/videos.
Delete after.
Would have been better if you replaced Kidding with.
HOMAGROWN showcase tonight, stop by  hear some SICK bands and enjoy a nice, cold doctornk.
Presented by Stinson Entertainment and Spy Radio..
Talk shit about me while im in the room?
I can hear you.
Wow!
Great group of 38 leaders including next gens at Latin America cabinet meeting.
This group can change the world!
I'm an expert in Nameology Agent Paul Smeker favoriteboondocksaintquotes /via
Seriously these fucking fouls are bullshit.
I want to die.
That math don't add up bruh
Playing at Madison Brewfest tonight 8pm10pm.
Badger game will be playing on big screens.
Only 5 admission!
too much taco bell?
OK...so I am really excited about my captaininhouseparty.
My supplies have shipped and I am ready to host...all r welcome!!!!
My work is in a group show at June Kelly Gallery til 4/7.
Reception 3/31, 166 Mercer St, 46pm.
Upgrade your weekend plans with art!
Eagles swap Vince Young for Jacory Harris.
One QB gets depressed when he throws INTs while the other embraces the opportunity to throw more
Weekly Ketchup: Kurtzman/Orci to Write The Amazing SpiderMan 2 This week's Ketchup includes news of a new Nicholas Sparks adaptation, ne
Enjoying the sun while it lasts!
Relationships at this age is pathetic.
Watching 20/20 with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
NewYorkYankees 19 with RISP isn't gonna get it done.
Let's do better in Toronto GO YANKS!!!
been up all nite dealing with alot and still gotta work now!
story of my life...
this can of has decorated my desk for the past two weeks.
Quote by the late cultural commentator, Will Rogers captainres the nation's political sentiment, I wish I could vote against both candidates
Hello to all my new VIPs!
Thanks for following!
Like us on facebook...www.facebook.com/VipSanAntonio
I 3 You The Most !
Relationships these days are a JOKE.
It's like April 1st all year long.
Someone tweet me I am super bored!!!!
Need to have a convo.
With someone

I'm having MAJOR uverse billing issues with no help from Miss Murphy at customer service.
Help?!
Ouch!
anyonenotseethisresult : Raiders spending the night looking at highlights of Carson Palmer.
Surly Abrasive has sold out online, we should have more in next week.
Please check back, Thank you!
i saw ur amazing video of Love Like Woe!!: your so awesome
twitters now!
What?
Oh!
RT : Every time you write Columbia instead of Colombia, an empanada dies.
//cc
great post about Hubspot inside sales...
how does a startup get the first sales leads?
ha, i just emailed that to Tom.
We appreciate everyone who follows us on Twitter!
Thanks from the bottom of our heart!
Lol
Damn, I Wanted To Go To The Beach But It Got To Damn Chilly..!
Happy mothers day, running to get my mom a card and something else special last minute.
Love you mom!
RT : In an amazingly passionate session discussing hacking education.
Creating film noir takes a lot more than just dim lighting.
Find out more  SECCA, May 10, 7 p.m.
FREE Talk  SECCA.
U'd be perfect!
RT : I'd LOVE too
The now is eternal just tune in.
If I can't do this, then what can I do.
Pathetic?
Maybe.
Destined?
No.
dtl2011 I want to get some great ideas for higher ed faculty for using social media in their online classes.
Talking about the clippers curse Chauncey Billups is out for the remainder of the season!
I wish I knew ...
but so much depends on the client's background, search strategy and targets as well as resume
I hope you find what your lookin for
dont worry!
when i marry him they wont be sayin that!
I already told u I'm coming.
That's u tweeting from the account?
Today will be spent picking out fonts for a new iPad design.
While it sounds fun, dealing with fonts and iOS can get tedious.
Gonna be a crazy weekend...gotta make 900 pops over the next 48 hours!!
so nice meeting you.
thanks for your hospitality, amazing conversation, and tweetmentoring
Complete social media abandonment this week...
Traveling will do that to you!
This is the weirdest football game I've ever halfwatched while cataloging.
I'm not falling for dat
Mad as hell..
i sure did!
Goodnight to me..
Good morning to the rest of
Can't wait until I finally and officially turn in my comp paper for good.
It needs to just vanish from my life ASAP.
The power is completely out here for some unknown reason.
Lighting candles; it feels weird.
follow me !!!
smoke...knock out...sleep
Yes I agree.
He has shown us that ppl can change.
That all ppl matter no matter how different they are.PROUD OF MY POTUS
What game is everyone most excited for this week?
I'm looking forward to Boise St.
at Georgia on Saturday!
You are too funny; That's why I like you.
Regional foodhubs are filling a market function not adequately addoctorssed by the current distro system.
Especially in aggregation
When your tired but afraid of what you might miss
nowplaying Pink Floyd
i think we looked the best today at the fundoctoriser.;
ditto same here
love it!
Stop by your nearest PeoplesFlowerShop by 4 p.m.
today and get a FREE Bridgewater candle and FREE flower!
8841600
Avoidance is a full time job.
Even in a world of business demand, take some time to slow down and enjoy your family and friends!
I especially hate the one of the Latino guy banking in line for the lunch truck.
I'm worried about burritos not my accounts!
Speaking for myself, a cynicismectomy.
Would like to see city itself become more consensusfocused.
Neighbors shouldn't be enemies
The only difference between the top ppl in ur bizness  you is their habits.
How easy is that!
u ready to get that head bust  2
thanks!
Delicious as always!
Thanks again, see you soon!
where is a bitch to hold muh earrings we gettin ready to fight gur
Do you want an invite?
Haha
RT Good judgment comes from experience, but experience comes from bad judgment.
and tweet with so many of you over these past few months.
God willing, things will get better in the coming months, and I shall return...
When I was little I was always scared of the chupacabra :
I appreciate your honesty !
We all have to work harder.
Thanks for telling it to us straight.
Amazing interception!
We got this!
This vacation coming up is gonna be the best one n 8 yrs.
I love IceLovesCoco!
I feel like you two are my pals.
And SoulGee!
Love you!
There, but for grace, go you and I.
Hey there downtown friends  there is a band playing the hallway just outside our Bricktown store at noon.
Come on down during your lunch!
Psychomania burned down.
I never got to go :c
Getting fatter by the bite:
That moment when you know your friend is doing something wrong, and you want to blast out the truth.
screenshot or it didn't happen
get any cute stuff?
And yeah I was sick but I will deff be in school tomorrow
got it
Judge not before you judge yourself.
Judge not if youre not ready for judgment.
Bob Marley
rememberwhen we had to blow in the Nintendo cartridges
It's funny how you loose something really close to you when your a kid, live without it for years and then find it again and still love it x
Happy Mothers Day!!
I'm lucky to have the best mom in the world!!!
And lucky to have a wonderful stepmom too!
God has been so good to me!
I asked Romero to put my face on m new iTunes single and I was told I'm getting unicorns instead.
I wonder what I will get in the final?
;
: Oh, you like chewing on ice?
Can you chew a little louder please, I can't hear it very well.
your girl...hahah
doctorving through Maryland...New York, here we come!
April has a lot of cool stuff going on in NYC!
LMAOOOOOO, man...i knew u were gonna say that lol
So the new Sunday hype is to tag your friends to Bible versus and images, stop that!
Ask before you do that.
Woodlands pool summer
Thanks, but the credit all goes to you and your scrap paper entourage!
:
Sounds like you need picture in picture for tonight.
Bout to take a shower :
To all marketers on Twitter: there's nothing more annoying than a post with a link, a title in 2 words, and 8 random hashtags.
State Employee Monday!
Great meals at one great price.
You know the doctorll.
Aw, makes me miss Fry St.
Did you ever make it to Fry St.
Fair?
Denton was like my own personal Austin.
you've got it
Hanging out in FOIAchat.
Anyone have fav.
management software on the gov't side?
Anything from intake to redaction  onwards.
Even on a Sunday I'm booking auditions for talent ......NOTcomplaining!!!
Whats the point in commenting on something on FB and then deleting the evidence from your own wall?
Thoughts?
yea I agree.
I'm sure he's working hard to get one up soon though!
: izzy
Why did she message me...?
depends on the type and location of the restaurant.
Oh did I mention The New York City Zombie Prom featuring GWAR happens June 9 2012.
I'll let you know when tickets go on sale!
that's like sex that lasts 2 seconds.
It doesn't count.
I can't understand a word this kids rap music is saying..
Why do you listen to this?
Sick ass afternoon w/the Bch9thSkaters good skaters w/good vibes.
I wish em all the best.
Pics soon come...
Make Moves And Stay Consistent.
Lincoln in 1862.
Loves It
wait, what?
where am I?
What's the date?
What time is it?
I'm confused : RT April showers bring may showers
Thanks for coming out yohh!
Hey,please follow me!
I love you with all my soul Austin 101
Associate Producer for the next reading at The Workshop theater Co.
Cool!
Already cut his mic.
RT : Wonder what Larry Andersen is saying on the radio about these terrible umps
Ewwww : I need to find someone who loves onions lol
Looking for a good healthy recipe website...suggestions?
even though I live in US I'm going to guess and say that it's a song!
:
I get the room on the left
Godspeed!
Can't wait to see it!
duet Bari sax Gm improv; tuba singing into bell w/ words house, crisis, duress, digress; 2:57.
Familiarizing myself with the kitchen.
Baby and wifey are in the house!!!!
I saw the most ratchet ass bitch when I was on the bus yo
aye, yooooo, Monday, you, mah place, be dere, or be square.:
Adorable no matter what's on your head!
RTdistinguished made it.
Don't u just love it?!
Never looked better!
swagg so sick....I cry..
Would love to be included in the DC Blogs listings!
I know you guys are busy...thanks!
I need to learn how to text with out looking at my phone.
This is the account that i'm going 2 use to promote U  stay in touch w/entertainment/music.
thanks.
V
tminus 21 minutes
Initial presentation for Educause E11SESS063 posted.
More materials soon.
Feel free to make suggestions!
tell Anderson's camera man to wipe the lens!
This nigga mayweather talks big shit, but can you blame him?!
same, just watching the woman in black with some friends from my dorm room
A few moreThx!
and you are the man.
how u doin on the tickets?
good bye
im still high from last night
: I'm serious, I will go to EVERY single one of my classes till the school year ends.
I'll be proud of you, if you do :
Good Afternoon Baby!!
I Love You With AL My Heart!!
; 333
Love getting Sundoctorp when I go down Southsideso much better than Mountain Dew.
hey my friend, what's been going on?
I know killed his show tonight.
Think Martin Brodeur played Phil Collins' In the Air Tonight on repeat?
I've been waiting for this moment..
all my life.
Did we mention that AUPSteadyRain got 5 Star?!
Still tickets available for tonight at 8 and tomorrow at 2:30!
See you at the Wheeler!
starts packing luggage lmao
He has better eye brows than me
i do too love
next year, my friend, we will get that panel together.
Pam Anderson will be the latest in a long line of celebrities to join the Broadway production of CHICAGO, according to Perez Hilton.
Introductions have begun for today's AustinClimb Leadership Council meeting.
Get involved with the Climb!
It's only two months away!
Yep, our building in PB shook for a second..
very briefly.
RT : Did you feel shaking?
We're looking into reports from viewers.
Didn't win?
We've got more giveaways right around the corner!
Thanks for reading Blast!
I love you guys!
Great event last week.
Keep it up!
Why do people feel comfortable texting you things they would never have the guts to say to your face?
Get me back to England, I would love a life, I don't care if it's cold!
At when traditional media meets new media panel latism11 our cup of tea
I'm thinking of reading Ulysses for the first time with a friend, so if you get good advice, let me know!
I can throw you one...you should just come down for this Cinco De Mayo party and party like its your birthday!!!
hahaha
hahahahahahahahah!
ya like  u  like  you omg u not understand...
I think playing a New York song was a bad idea lol.
Hopefully Niner fans are kinder to you guys unlike towards Williams
Thank you!
Have a great week.
One more round of Call Of Duty!
we can use but there are very strict rules.
it is on courtesy wifi
Gotta love Thursdays!
Tomorrow it's 2 off your combo plate!
trying to get this bread rite
This article discusses some useful tips to help you succeed and make money with Twitter
Preparing to teach Fire!
And the Insurance Industry tomorrow at Paul Davis in Southeast, WI.
RT : Get up  work towards what u love even when u dont want to.
Push thru the resistance  walk on the road less traveled.
yeah!
ready for some
IUsedTo do chest and biceps every day.
Don't lie you know you did too haha
Happy Mother's Day to all the mommys!!
Absolutely,  you're most welcome!
see you soon!
:
EMXC TRYING TO BREAKOUT...
there's nothing to do!!
I love licorice Thanks to National Licorice Day yesterday
Poised Creation has met many amazing people in Albuquerque!
We would like to thank you for shaping music in your city!
How did you get so many followers?
D; Tell everybody to follow me and I will give you a hamburger.
Hip hop is not dead but its on life support
Need more followers!!!
Help us out!
do u like northwestern 2?
willinger's in northfield.
Know anything about it?
Did I just hear that correctly?
PlayBook OS version 2 is now available for developers?
Moving day for !
Whoa lightning
well its not like we are doing anything else.
Ugh.
I feel like I'm trapped in hell.
Happy Monday to all of you;
What!
Omg I used to play in high school!
Thank you and people keep trying to sweep it off to the side!
He assaulted that boy.
a big FU to my computer, facebook, twitter, phone etc.
i'm going outside to water my new trees.
Ohh I texted you the other day
and your dad let you go?
telecomix taught people how to make two way radios out of repurposed consumer electronics.
Just 1 more thing we gave in common.
:D
The Freddie news on NPR is not shocking but incredibly ridic.
Shut down their gambling.
is again offering Season Tickets which give listeners a nice savings.
Details at fairfaxchoralsociety.org.
Bboyss and Bgirls will be doing there hip hop Dancing At 7 pm till 9:15 pm check them on ustream
I'm so tired.
Running so much more on Thursday 
Time for a later dinner....BBL
They're 40 so far.
At the moment, I think not.
Looking to add a PR AAE to our team; looking for at least 12 years of agency PR experience to work on B2B accounts
your enlightenment has given an elevated level of inner peace.
namaste'
SUMMER WILL BE LEGIT WITH BELIEVE COMMING OUT !!
haha.
this tweet is hilarious.
i learned recently that back in the day you did a play w my pal Bryant Mason.
Are the dodge Durango commercials appealing to the I'm so manly, but oh so stupid crowd?
If gives out a sports pick, don't just listen, bet it!
He knows a thing or two...
and don't ask me how I know  I just do.
:
Lying...
and then lying about 'not' lying.
About to bedazzle some costumes for the Jersey Shoresical.
Stuck in Philly for the night.
Won't be flying us airways anymore.
What's the plan tonight ?
Thank you for your service.
Wishing you hummus in the future.
Just not sure about j.lo rocking the snookie poof
Just voted  good luck!
Correct on unambiguous, we are protecting women's rights from an overreach by religion.
ASECS12 last paper, Amanda Johnson, looking at Faulkner's Absalom, Absalom as meditation on Mississippi's Catholic/Creole ID.
I went to the gym.
Didn't get outside but its gorgeous here too.
That.
Is.
AWESOME!
missing Charlotte
i agree  it'd be cool as well to see Terrico back on the court
today was the longest day ever!!
trains were slowed down bcuz sum1 got hit by one my prayers go out to the person n their family :
:/ wtf just happened...
will u plz follow me back?!?!?!:
you guys attend St Francis now?
No more Hope?
haha hell yeah, great times
JLA FORUMS  Metal Buyer
need to pick your brain AND see ya.
What's good for u?
Or we can chat 2mister....know u have early day....
nah, no tumblr account.
I started my site before tumblr was around, and never got around to making one.
Might someday.
Sweet page!
ok Big Bro
Some people pay a compliment as if they expect a receipt  Kin Hubbard
Three out of four picks in the Final Four isn't bad.
siiiiii amen :D
Counting down to the premiere of Atlantis with at her viewing party in Pittsburgh.
9pm
They are still planning them out!
Will keep everyone posted!
can you give us another spoiler to the finale?
please!
I think its just as annoying when fans of celebrities ask for retweets.
I don't get the point of that either
I meant the iPad app was working this weekend saying it was private, but it is working now.
AMAZING animation.
Thank You.
I agree RT : Music mags make me feel misanthropic.
Gets worse when I finally hear what the hype is about.
80 chance of letdown
Amazing and weird creatures exhibit bioluminescence  Blue Planet  BBC Earth
Wheather is great here at the lake!
Time to go boating!!!!
I thank my Mom for her constant encouragement of all things possible for women and how we shouldn't/can't be stopped!
thx rose, been resting all day..
so i do hope i feel better in the morning..
lol.
Hope you been well
can't working a wedding in the city all day.
Won't be home till 230.
Coffee then??
lol just means people respect ur knowledge brotha!
I love outside opinions in fantasy sports.
I'll send when i get home
That looks so good!
haha I love LA!
Wish you the best in your career !
Stay beautiful you!3
Vie, the Bristol, Boka, girl  the goat, perennial Virant and Gt fish all tasting right now at the 2nd Corkdork blind tasting.
Who will win?
Hope everyone has a Great 4th of July weekend.
I like Steven Tyler.
His book is quite good, Get Your Wings still rocks  he's ok growing old w/o mummy plastic.
Yeah, like that'll catch on
Operation: Kill The Btch!
aww I'm SO glad you like it!
I love doing collage for people, especially when I'm lucky to find all the right pieces.
3
I would be enjoying this weekend so much more if I didn't have all the homework I need to do in the back of my mind :
Thx for encouragement : Appreciate it!
someone is about to get cussed out if they dont turn off that damn dog whistle on the bus.
go to sleep
I am PERFECTLY fine with the fact that I am not PERFECT
TYPO I MEANT TO SAY LINWOOD AND DAVISON
Our reading period for the Winter Issue is still open!
Send us your work!
you can be my it girl :P
Workin hard in the lab right now.
Get at me for features.
dude!!!
our French project?!
I never show or let my haters know they've got the best of me because that gives them power
BeliebersAnd1DAreDumb We don't care what you think!
We're flawless.
Whoever made the trend, thank you ; We're flattered!
;
How's your day going???
holy shit.
Finally a benefit to BCBG
Marlo Stanfeild is NOT a man for this town!
In my Omar vc lol
shrimp and haloumi.
We're currently experiencing some intermittent issues due a problem at our hosting provider.
We'll know more soon.
is it time to scrap my Jacobson?
How about a test unit?
No problem is too big for our almighty God.
He is in control of everything.
Love the new Michael Jordan commercial on ESPN
Great people to follow
I'd say crossreference the amount of TapOut, Affliction, and Ed Hardy gear at bars and you'll find a correlation.
His mutants?
RT hat about the childoctorn of the corn?
What are they all about
I hate putting my hair in a ponytail sometimes I feel like a typical stud.
Lol
I think I'm gonna go look that up!
Never heard it.
Excited to hang out with this Friday at the Unblurred open house  see their unique vintage/handmade housewares
You create your opportunities by asking for them.
He ran like he was mad at the grass.
:
Tip 1: Attractive  You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you doctorss.
I can never sit still
Good luck!
RT : My counselor is seriously hot.
Next week I'm going to straight up ask her for a pic.
Oh yeah....John made you coconut choc chip ice cream too.
I know yo mama straight lookin at me like she want it...wont some chicken with chocolate and cheese on it..shegotit remix
Report cards for school come out on Friday the 13th.
Just shows how sucky my grades will be.
me too!
It was a reaction to meds...
At least I know not to do that again  ugh
he taste the cake...
he takes the cake...
Penning some new songs...not love songs this time...
On My Way To Krogers.
.
Looking A Hot Ass Mess
Plead the 5th!
RT : hahahaha!!!
Are you speaking from experience??
Incredible postseason and
fyi Pat...'karma' is an idea borrowed from religions you don't even regard as valid.
agreed.
example: RT : Lol theres a lot of people in DE with talent doe man people dont even understand smh
This man killed his own mother?
Smmfh !
He's lying, let's shoot him.
and general selfefficacy as well as social selfefficacy.
One of my alltime favorite sayings RT : I am so crap at...
one of my producer is best friend to one of the player
Shot my self portrait yesterday for this year's application, and I'm so excited about it.
Can't wait to share!
hahaha im so happy you found this :
Managed to lower both beds, with no instruction.
Got the melatonin and earplugs ready for a night train trip through Kansas.
shut up u hit
Didn't originally intend to listen, but am having a total doctorveway moment with the Daisey debunking ep of This American Life.
So I lose a friend for a relationship or keep a friend but miss out on love
Q6: Best place in Germany to soak in some culture?
I wish I could be Grace Kelly in 'Rear window' for a day.
That lady was absolutely stunning!
maybe we'll finish up mixing this weekend??
lets hope so!
check the album track at www.stereokiller.com/brothersfighting
thank you for the b day wish my babe!
TITLETOWN FAN CLUB
I like Prince okay
Wish I had had a minute at the same time as you!
All is well here!
What r ur plans this weekend  anything fun!
:
Nope....
Its today!
i was right.
too cool!
Great vibes from people on the road today.
This is a great day!
Happy 100th anniversary Fenway Park!!
This makes me appreciate last season even more.
GO MAVS.
follow me back ?
Living to please Me is the only way to have a truly joyfilled life.
Find your strength  peace in Menot other peopleJesus Calling 4 Kids
However many ways there might be of being alive, it's certain that there're vastly more means of being dead, or instead not alive.
Didn't come thru  can you email me at my twitter handle at gmail dot com?
We are doing a very poor job of reaching people  business audiences w/ energy issues
Sugar Crashing Librarian Has Little Patience After 9PM.
Watching CNN.
Anderson Cooper.
Enough said.
I think he said the Astros are playing the reds
am I still on the privileged list?
Lol
That's what's up.
It's chicken again for me.
Don't look back.
You're not going that way.
Not sure why you want them to take a battery hit to fix your signal problems.
Why can't they pay to upgrade to a Maxx?
G.S.C Grape st crip gang man 4192 we still thuggin its all about da money: CHEEZ 4Sb mess wit dem THOMASVILLE Baby
Out on the road.
Saw people out jogging, and bicycling.
Crazy!
The snow is deep!
And the cars are having some issues.
Ok prob in June cool : please : Imma take my cousin on a trip so she can relax for a few days..
BRAND NEW SONG ON OUR BAND PAGE, DOWNLOAD IT 4 FREE!!!
www.facebook.com/fastcarband
we r tired of them 2!
rt not sure but I am tired of them.
Haha.
Wish jake stayed just for some more excitement.
It's crazy how a text from one person can change your mood :
leaving 2 hours.
really cant believe he's pissed about who im married to on facebook.
whatever.
im not dating you!
you cant say shit.
Waiting patiently
Ok, I talked myself into it.
Live tweet commencing now.
Facing an everything bagel toasted with plain cheese and a four cheese souffle.
Had a great weekend.
Now its Monday.
Back to the grind.
I have 30 Mbit Internet, and can stream Netflix in full HD, but is absolute crap quality.
Bad compression algorithm, or crap servers?
Counting sheeps so I could fall asleep.
I miss sitting in this beautiful Casino  Hotel and taking in the amazing architecture of this building!
you too!
xoxo
Watch for us on State Street around 11am today during Busking for Books.
We'll be the people carrying the bags of vinyl records!
make sure to wash your ass Pablo honey.
Just good with the clicker.
RT : do you have 2 tv screens in front of you?
yeah man we gonna be eating turkey for next several days.
lol
Lmfao this person on wheel of fortune just said you only live once...
Well, ya got me.
I'm on twitter now.
Sheesh.
Thank you for following Passions by K!!
: some people are just oblivious to it too.
Hey Patrick, sorry I missed you in Chi.
I'm actually partly based in LA these days.
Would love to connect if you have some time.
Best, jp
Over UMass?
Yes.
A million times yes.
I got that shit on VHS.
Michael Franklin  moderating Big Data on Campus Panel at
Enlightened is renewed but at what COST?!
Goodbye, sweet George Christopher.
If you don't stand for something, you'll fall for anything!
Happy Leap Year Day!!!
gotta love that day doctornking!!!
RT Best Bars for Daydoctornking, Part 1
For bloody sakes, the country is called Burma!!
NOT Myanmar!
yeah my question is who going bye bye!
Prepare...I already took off lmao!
but yo I needa get u on this HERBALIFE tip...have you lookin like ur old skinny self
season 1 man lol im hooked never really watched
Thanks, James!!!
Right back at you!
what you know about marilyn Manson haha!
oranges or strawberries :
Cabin.
This weekend.
Lets party.
:
So  is the age of Union power completely past or are they still relevant?
Discuss.
Your mind is a tool you can choose to use any way you wish.
Ashley DeAngelis
..
he was the best.
My bad bro.
If Blazers have two Smiths, will jerseys have N.SMITH and C.SMITH?
bieber is mine :
thanks for all the great gear, love the cardigan!
xoxoxo
just got back to the world of twitter...was having account issues.
NF and I love the pix he post.
where you play tonight?
I got to see Booker T and the MGs here in Madison when the city unveiled the Memorial plaque to Otis Redding.
So great!
So my computer went on strike n the internet wont work :/
Pizza rolls.
nah I think you look very snazzy, or dapper if u will :
yup they're all there for python 3 of course ;
Our own heart, and not other men's opinions, forms our true honor.
lol Are you on Olympic Blvd in Bev Hills near Century City?
I love that park.
If you dont know what the hottest afterparty of the Spring, to date, in the DMV then pay attention!
This Sun from 8p1a at Cities Lounge!
ok you have the link dont you
Thanks, Ricky!
And thanks for all the inspiration.
:
Just had a kick ass CrossFit workout at love that place
your a good singer!
What was the consensus on that?
make us something to eat
I'm faithful.
Even when things appear to be at an all time low.
I'm here to stay, through the shine, rain, or snow.
Team
Andamans still on my bucket list, next door neighbour Sri Lanka as well.
So much world, so lil time!
Where's next for you?
Romney, with all due respect, stuff it.
Get with the times.
History will repeat itself.
As African Americans got equal rights, so will gays.
lol yuup  and kadeem stepped up..
He got an iPhone now!
Well, im sure u figured that out.
let the boys know Oakleys Bistro is a way better restaurant than St Elmo's in Indy...
wow, thanx man!
Bed.
Icing my ankle again tonight.
Looking like I'm gonna either have to go to physical therapy or a specialist.
This pain is out of control
which social media platform to use less important than the movement behind it via
yup....try pinching your self and ull know ;
RT will be at the STARDOME in Bham this weekend.
SPREAD THE WORD
USC Writers Conference countdown.
Join us in LA on April 20
good morning!
Thanks  For an season that almost didn't happen it was a fun 20112012!
Behind these doors lie broken promises scripted speeches meaningless pieces.
haha what you doing tomorrow?
Omg TeamAdam has this!
JR should ve been out coach
My bitch bad lookin like a bag of money
Ah!!
I'm so jealous!!
I want to go to that Britney concert so bad!!
A mother deer and her baby had decided that my house is a good place to hang.
Nice but she continues to eat my flowers I just planted.
Dude, come on I can't even think about that without tearing up.
Too mean.
Why do they even make middle seats on aircrafts?
need suggestions for a scripture verse related to kidney transplantfor a tattoo.
: Oh...there's that 3rd commercial.
was right...
Advertising GOLD
We are Launching our new sister company and brand March 1st!
doesn't matter!
Who is the other random girl here?
nfldoctorft I did not see that coming.
Bradford is a great pick for the rams
reminds me of my Chinese friend...Ug Lee
well of course!
Bloody knuckles  off to buy a canvas stretcher.........
Im hitting a meltdown!
Wistfully recalling ginchampagne cocktails, friends, Molly's Cupcakes  , Talk about a couple with a boomin' system.
lol u're old too :o
Is Kyle playing live guitar hero in the gym this morning?
That is an interesting use case!
I will be interested to see how that unfolds.
Hot  RT : i tend to shop in the guy section.
it's cold where I am  I wud LUV hawaii!!!
Blessings 2 U :
enjoy getting your butts kicked.
By everyone.
Searching reduced to transaction costs: searching, identifying owner, negotiating a license.
A system can cut these costs.
Thanks for the autograph and the great season!
Do you know Billy Cundiff?
I hope he's doing ok.
Pats just traded the 28 pick...shock.
Just take Bowers
: Love it!
Good lock!
Welcoming all of the new GeorgetownCCT students today!
Starting the morning in Riggs library with introductions and a welcome.
RT : To take a life when a life has been lost is revenge, not justice.
Desmond Tutu This is true in GA and Texas cases.
idea hot houses...
could it be a white board for ideas?
Just think of all the sequels you'd be able to make.
I'm seeing dollar signs.
Sex  The City was the prequel for The Golden Girls
I have been officially gifted mocos, great!
:/
DONT WISH IT WAS EASIER,WISH YOU WERE BETTER
Teams shuld embrace fans coming to stadium..even at cheap prices.
Turn them into brand advocates while there
Theres no stopping us right now.
I feel so close to you right now.
Dude!
How's the bigapple ?
Dont SMH me after I SMH at you.
It doesn't work like that.
Free musictrain ridespetting zoohot doctornks  prizes!
Connect W/ Christmas Sunday 5:30 to 7pm.
1st Baptist West Abq Golf Course Rd!
thanks for the RTs for our Monday, April 23 reading at Shrine!
i plan on wearing nothing tomorrow like i am now, wait what?
I just realized that i put in an 8 hr day today...and it was my day off.
At least yesterday was full of unplanned zero pressure fun!
I love that can sing What Makes You Beautiful  know all the words: perfectguy we can jam to 1D together maybe?3 ;
lies.
you be tellin lies.
can't even name one.
;
That's bull shit.
American Idol is rigged.
Phillip should NOT be in the finale.
Still really glad Jessica made it though!
by my 48th I want to be ripped and lean any suggestions on how???
Ok, who's hungover?
Alberta Street closes at 6 pm for Hands, feet, tables, carts, EVERYTHING off the street until 5!
Oops sorry I'm in Alabama for the 12th Congressional Civil Rights Pilgrimage
We love they are one of the artists that appearl on Cellar Door Records Volume I.
Nope, got an interview at target later this month but honestly its with out a doubt in my mind, time to start hustlin, FOR REAL
happy mothers day!!!
Guest list: divide it in 3s: 1st those who will attend, 2nd those likely not to, 3rd those who might.
This helps figuring s early.
I'm not sure if I would have made any significant changes, but there's value in inviting the feedback.
I was indeed full of professorund sorrow.
Right so I've gotten to the point where I'm putting reminders for everything in my phone .
These girls are talking about engagement rings...
In waiting on my next doctornk...
What the fuck is wrong with these bitches
I have to pee but I don't feel like moving
Tyga Ft.
doctorke still got it feeling this ish
yea  I think its good all that happened cuz it proves that no matter what life throws at us we will always be friends
This Donatos has had to remake 3 straight pickup orders.
Their stock is falling quicker than Colt McCoy's.
I know, sorry, it was linked from Facebook.
How are you doing?
No foul?????
Lol at Jordan hill tho
On an unrelated side note: how to get one of those nifty EMP buttons?
TY for the follow!
good morning to you there in Ontario!
WorstRapLineEver you got me kinda hot, but I ain't sweatin through steamin like a pot full of vegetables
VHA has their own research outfits: HERC, NEPEC, SMITREC.
You can also go to doctors affiliated with VA and med schools
wanna send my love out to my friend Mikey Jay who is ill at the moment.
i hope you make a speedy recovery.
God Bless.
smh
I love fruit!
we can meet up one of these days at Alley Katz.
Can I please go with you??
:'
So many excuses!
Working hard to do this final.
Trying to be a scholar let's get er done
I really do not like shopping a non organic grocery stores
BobbiBrown is pretty legit EC2012 ECgrad getting her doctorate and stuff
ant trying 2 hurt u
Do you still go to the MMNG lunches at Maxim's?
I have an application I want to turn in.
When is the next meeting?
When youre in a slump, youre not in for much fun.
Unslumping yourself is not easily done.
doctor Seuss
I write so that we all can feel, empowered to live a healthy ideal.
So keep going back to exercise and oatmeal!
Lalalalala....
doctorving...
bored...
30 miles to go
With sam
Thanks for the support, guys!!!
:
The thought of the president hangin out in THEVALLEY is very odd to me.mybe my mom'l stop by cloones house and doctorp of her famed baked ziti
I've been at work all day so just getting caught up now.
Wow, that's a huge line in the sand.
Picked up an entire bookshelf of free books  good ones.
La Fiesta Hispana was great fun!
Lot's of dancing!
Great food!
Thanks to Neto Peraza, Maui Rumba and of course, Smile Brazil!
did you see the picture of the benevolent women of the Order of the Moose?
I don't know who they are but I want to be one.
While your reputation is merely what others think you are ..
January 30th Art Workshop has been cancelled due to weather.
A miniworkshop will be held on February 6th.
yes.
After Sunday talk to doug and he can work out details.
He's in Seattle w me till Sunday.
:
I low key miss my days at regal.
Team WATF splits our double header today.
Comeback win over TAC!
Comeback against SED falls just short as they score on a hailmary!
well, yeah  pdxtst and conf hash tags
Disney Hall's whole dont take pictures thing doesnt do much more than give their ushers some exercise.
finally u tell.
Da truth LOL
And the commercial for Atkins has a spokesperson Cheryl Lynn.
Creepy because that's my name.
yeah im so gunna miss you girl
: Romney says you vote for him because he's someone who's lived in the real streets of America.
Home Boy has NO street cred!
200th tweet goes out too..
3 love you guys!
:
Why do ppl sub tweet there friends???
That's why I have a lot of Acquaintances and handful of friends
thank u xoxoxo
Huh?
don't say anything out loud mom but what's a TPS HA!
D
Me Too!!
I wish i could meet all of them.
Praying for u all as you celebrate Pastor Larry's dad's life.
Blessings!
i'm doing my final on you, because we had to chose an art  artist, your flickr is great.
Having coffee with my windows open enjoying the sounds of the rain and thunder.
Ready for a relaxing day before my gig with KYT tonight..
Mike Stern Ticket giveaway today at 3 at Facebook/BluesAlley
What SONG describes how YOU feel right NOW?
Good night!
Today AbdulBahá laid the cornerstone for Americas first Baháí house of worship.
Dad: You not fast or nun are ya?
Me: Aww yeah daddy, they be settin my shit oouuuttt !
.
the dog days are over, my friend.
I believe your development project will be the 1st to come to our city w/out guns.
It will give people a new idea.
a Ramadi doctor
I'm hoping to get in a fourth viewing of Avengers before the weekend.
The neighbor's perfectly ripe mango, hanging over the sidewalk, is taunting me, taunting me....
Up at 4:30 this morning...
Does not help the creative juices flow!
Oh well, we all have our burdens to bear, mine will be doctoropy eyes!
:
I understand.
my amazing doctorwing of a rhino....
Why yes, I would like a cowboy for my birthday.
maybe hesacutie ;
RedSox get the win tonight against the Yanks they will remain in first even if they do not get the win tomorrow.
Sox are now 113 vs.
NY.
haha the only reason I half believed her was that she was hanging out with you
breakfast menu highlighted on with for New Food Hot Spots in SanDiego!
...And my photo made it on TV.
Woohoo!
This is how my week goes: Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday FridaySaturdaySunday
WOAH!!
New followers?!
yes Have you liked our FB page?
Go do that.
We are getting up to 250.
Let's do this turtles!
Must return to
watch aaron.tv
I hate that Facebook doesn't show my iPhone Emoji's.
It makes my comments less adorable
Lead by example?
Mentor as many kids and families you encounter?
Support those already doing things: 
lastweekofschool finally!!!
Come on summer!
Twisted Tap tonight Bowling Green!
can you email me your contact info at ?
Would like to talk about doing a story on you.
thx!
Told you man :P They're not going down without a fight.
Osu lacrosse announcer, the guys like their stick strong.
do you think teams will start taking out starting qb sooner in blowouts to avoid injury?
Seems like in today's nfl they should.
do you have to ask?
Just say when!!!
Madison Microwave is heating up in big time fashion.
What?!
Where?
ok cool I'll listen and give you a shout if we fucking with them
BrewersIBelieve Let's here it for the Crew
In the corner on the way out.
Yea girl!
i didn't know that was your church!
I was there last year too!
Looking fwd to it!
I can't believe it's already February!!
Bring on the loving heart month!
:
I had the cucumber gazpacho at Rm 11 last night .
It was awesome, don't miss it!
sex is always better wen theirs feelings involved
Working on the Line Please web interface to help you enter your lines in faster!
Im pretty good at it:
mydumbinjury in highschool i tried ironing clothes, on my bed  decided to sit down the iron fell and slid off my whole leg...burned
Please don't go insane, I like the crazy twitter in you, not sure about how insanity twitter would work.
me to!
I would rather him just stay the high school musical version of himself haha!
JRHS Girls  Boys Varsity teams both beat Cosby last nite 2 maintain 1st place status.
2 vry exciting games  I made it 2 C both!
Who wants free food and a free work out after??
Happy Veterans Day!
To all the Vets in Knoxville, Vets in Sonora and all over the world!
Especially my dad!
Can't thank you guys enough!!

Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world.
Lily Tomlin
On that Jagged Edge this mornin'
Thank you for the support, im loving it
A1: I came into our marriage with two beautiful daughters!!
do you miss your cowboy boots in the summer?
looking for a man online.
hm
get better little one!
I'm just teasing you!
See you tomorrow!
Last night I was going to give up and resign to living in suburbia forever...
Then a recharged agent called!
;
SHE WILL BE LOVED.
Without passion, life is nothing.
Benefit of leaving at 3 today, no traffic in Atlanta, at all!
Will do!
Hydoctorting  Carbo loading today!
: I tell it how it is, not how it might be.
Wanted Engine  Animation Programmers  For more information contact .uk
Kokomo bound with the one and only 
Missing Australian Cattle Dog Harley.
Last seen Wed nite  Esplanade.
Black w brown markings/50lbs.
Reward.
Tweet w/ news
RT : Oil doctorllers in Baldwin Hills have rights going back to the 1920s and they're not about to be displaced:...
It kinda looks just like you..
Mixed with Zach Galifianakis.
Happy you liked it!
Just wanted to tell everyone that I want the best for everyone
Our country as a whole is disgusting to see in a bathing suit, but we have highlighters!
Laziness, poor diet, attitude, wow.
Chris Davis and Cody Ross, platinum sombreros, and Davis warming up for possible pitching appearance in 16th...
sorry kinda late but i still gots flyers for you !
for , lmk
When a guy makes your happiness a priority 
One of the 50ThingsILove is definitely a good pedicure and a nice bikini wax!
Can't wait to see the online handout for NPO board presidents by
RT is throwing an awesome FALL FORMAL w/ live acts, art, music, movies!
Guess what?
Dirty's Laundoctor earrings are now available at !
Badass!
All pairs on sale there are just 7 a piece!
SCORE!
Romney: I certainly dont believe that I thought the fellow was homosexual.
No, you thought he was small, weak and a target.
But MAN do I want a library, and giant windows everywhere, and a HUGE kitchen
2 Harry taught me to do whatever makes me happy no matter what people think.
How was everyone's weekend?
totally want to get diablo 3, and sell items for real money in the AH!!
Watching jack white now.
when was the last time this occured...had to be the Whitey days with Willie and Ozzie
EASTERN CONFERENCE FINALS HERE WE COME!!!!!!!!!!!!!
YouGetMajorPointsIf you like sports especially basketball.
Danny Ainge, I gotta get you on Weight Watchers.
Charles Barkley
The tilsonthomas Thomashevskies are on PBS tonight.
Yiddish theater in the US.
Charming, interesting.
His grandmother was lovely.
Orientation Time 9 pass the Spring Rolls
Weather in Walt Disney World....
68F  C Current: Sunny Wind: NE at 4 mph Humidity: 82
Looking forward to our weekend getaway in
Jhigh got the best sex in town..download a free copy today lol
SO thankful for wonderful opportunites that don't come along every day.
I need to learn to take the bull by the horns a little more...
why the hell is there lightning!?
By the first of June Its bout to b hot as hell there 
Good afternoon!
Please visit us on the web at www.rx2you.com for assistance with your medication.
sdmayornp has a lot of written plans just referred to his 110 page affordable housing plan
LMA12 Stop by booth 301 and say hello to some of the Moiré peeps!
see you all tonight!
Come on REDS!
this is unreal.
fuck.
Manhood.
RT : It's raining verging on snowing in Columbus today.
As he left Crew96 practice, Jeff Cunningham did so on a bike.
Morning Boston : How is everyone today?
Setting my alarm was a waist bcuz I'm still up.
stressful as shit
r u there??
yep, I got it.
Will follow up shortly
they are both sold out.
Watching MTV world stage Malaysia..I love Bill's new hairstyle!!!
Note to self: Don't read email while watching a bball game live.
Apparently just missed a monster dunk.
Whole gym going nuts
Movie recommendation is Robert Downey Jr in Tropic Thunder
plus boo cooks and keeps me happy but right now she ain't answering the phone
Feelin like I need anothA nap
: If there wasnt a fence to keep condit in he would of ran all the way back to new mexico.
209bitch.
BUT THERE IS A FENCE
The mind, once expanded to the dimensions of larger ideas, never returns to its original size.
Oliver Wendell Holmes
While I'm alert/away from my thesis, a question: if I held a tea party on a random Tuesday morning in July, would people want to join in?
Sarah Palin's doc The Undefeated came out last weekend.
Was defeated by Page One.
That's got to hurt.
Waking up alone and destitute may be a horrible feeling...
but not waking up is worse 
Giffords and her husband Mark; Giffords looking strong and warm; Mark looking moved.
i would love to receive a tweet from
RT Is not this something more than fantasy?
forreals !!!
RT : So many FAKE professorles .
I am not  , though some of the team may be!
:
Happy Easter everyone
nobody sent me the hulu memo.
Nice day out, too bad work has to go and ruin it
Is you professorssional life evaporating your personal life?
Fight information overload.
See our blog
Side chicks are always hoe chicks
I know, sometimes gets a little homesick.
You guys taking care of him?
Raisinets and pretzels should do the trick.
Having something in common could be a problem because you're to much alike!!
Good job..
ahh not too long well I'm buying my house in three weeks so ur invited to Party anytime!!
Spring is in the air and Cherry Blossoms are everywhere!
Enjoy our 6 specialty Cherry Blossom cocktail, pairs awesome w/our cherry tart!
YES.
RT : QuestionsIHateBeingAsked: Can you do me a favor?
At the sasquatch launch party, and the lineup this year is righteous!
guilt still works!
mix in a Vespa and you are all set for elmwood haha!
I always look forward each month to your update emailamazing how much content is added!
hachacha RT : Going unprotected today just for 's pleasure.
Get with it  we all went to the people in line at the Arctic Tailgate!
I always get left out when everyone is smoking.
Took a personal call and came back to find my whole floor gone.
This is awkward.
W/e I don't have to deal with that hoe come Thursday.
How'd it go for you and ya bro in Vegas?
YES!!
we will!
we will be sponsoring Miss Usa again this year!
3
If they rush 3 I'm out.
Our motorcoaches are ideal for athletics, corporate transportation, weddings, special events or any longdistance trip!
oh damn, yeah sorry man that's about 4 hrs out of the way.
Good luck, hope you can make it!
If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there.
2010 The BP DEEP WATER HORIZON
WOW what a crazy morning at Filene's Basement  RUnning of the Brides!
If you missed me, mention this tweet to 4 promo
Stay up all night and you will regret it the next day 
yes you should!
lol that woman shouldnt even have a phone, always losing it!
I have to say the NBC hockey annoncers are really good.
sweet!
Who teaches that?
that's a good song
I need a Valentine's date!
Who's free on Valentine's day?
Lol
and I'm sorry for causing this, I bloody am.
I wanna make things right again
At the centre of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want.
Lao Tsu
might be just a little lost in Manhattan.
Again.
;
great work.
It was inspiring.
great app thanks for sharing!
lets go lets go!!!
stop spamming me, bill.
DCC's SCARP project  multimethod investigation of data curation practices in 10 disciplines
Holy fuck this hurts
Anyone else loving Downton Abbey??
I can't wait for the next episode!!
Though, just found naked boys in a shower scene soumNSFW.
And kinda weird.
they gone go in before it's over.
Lol
You can do it!
Now go follow and they'll follow...
Can't believe I just used the word synergy in an email
About to watch the DenverNuggetsLosAngelesLakers game with some Denver residents, which should be fun, since they are probably losing.
so come back to New York :
How to get teachers involved?
Make them feel professorssional  valued, have examples of what they will learn.
Plus free food!
A Saturday morning shout out to all of Ace's SD Hotel Managers for their help opening new partnerships around the country.
This is Teamwork!
Excited to listen to teach advance monitor mixing at WFX in the Hot Classes!
In 12 months Egyptians have done the impossible.
Wael Ghonim
Thanks for the message.
Please doctorp me your details to .uk, and I will forward on to our editor.
I know bae
I will be from now on.
It sure isn't good.
For , it will mean a 3 reduction before I even hear what the City and the County will do.
I want to know why didn't the Jedi's in starwars have light saber shields?
they call that dude fireman but don't work for the state
Honestly idgaf, who wants to come on this party bus tomorrow 8 to 11:30 Hit my line or message me on here.
never mind
u go baby pussy don't let lifestyle mishaps get in ur way.
I've been having the worst heart burns :/
Fuck what any1 says about You or how You do You!
Have fun, life is short  u will be judged by everyone that doesn't count lol Live UR life
Unbelievable news.
Dandydon was an inspiration to all of us Tiger fans.
May God bless his family!
Happy 4th July weekend to all, let's celebrate and have fun!
Enjoy the nice weather!
lol ha.!
hey im goin to be in florida on the 23rd to dance you should come to the event its going to be good
It's Good Friday.
How's everyone doing today?:
I miss graduation at my alma mater, where the professorfrom UofHelsinki's academic garb included a bright purple top hat.
Thanks doll!
// RT : Follow to doctorss and undoctorss ; V I X E N
wat do u type in to watch austin and alex hatting on youtube?!
Plzz helpmara:
They ask me what I represent  I tell em' Get Blowed Entertainment, The Chamber Muzik Factory, Red Eye Muzik,  420 Muzik
Writer's block :/
RT : Pie of the week: The HotBox!
Double Spicy Pepperoni  Banana Peppers!
1/2 off PW: My Box is Hot!
Saw Neil Gaiman on the Simpsons tonight...Hilarious!
Tell all the team I said hi and I'll be there soon : Hi coach see you soon...big hug!!
so whats up
Hope springs eternal...
I'd like to have a sleep right now.
don't be putting him out there like that lol
Adam Levine is the real deal!!
He went with talent instead of pop!!
News Stuff added to www.newsphotobiz.com
Thanks!
I am excited.
And glad that get the degree and get out, fast may prove a viable plan, even if I was sad about Pittsburgh
Lmfao.
There ya go
Goin to work for 8 hours goodbye life.
Just because one person doesn't seem to care for me, doesn't mean I should forget about everyone else who does.
NEXT on my list Will be alex ;D
RT : RNS bro RESPECT amp;amp; SALUTE you know we do tha same on tha real  KnwDat !!!
bonjour !
Just shot you over an email!
Almost done with my XSLFO to make pretty printouts of my toodledo tasks.
Got BBQ on the brain?
We can help you!
One taste of our Smoked Texasstyle Brisket will leave you speechless!
The organ on Dear Ones is pretty cool.
I am fan of keyboards.
Cloudy with a chance of meatballs in my pants!
can I come too!?
wat u on
Starks is gonna put up big numbers this year!
Glad I doctorfted him instead of Grant!
You do amazing work, Munar!
Thank you.
Be well, Ryan.
WHEN THINGS ARE GOOD, LET IT STAY THAT WAY.
DONT RUIN IT WITH THE PAST...

Getting money..
That's in any nigga category
Packers fans don't forget to tune into GGToday at 9:00 with and on.
you just opened a whole new can of worms.
Btw: our lounge is bought out Sat, so dining room is only option.
Are you following and well you should!
OWIF: I need to go on the lam and escape this posse, but all I have in my pocket is a Leatherman and four different kinds of Skittles.
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Autauga, Chilton, Dallas, Elmore  Perry Counties until 07:30 PM
PROGRAMMING ALERT: will be airing last night's HartofDixie  Ringer this Saturday from 8pm 10pm!
I think I have a super big head.
I thought you weren't aloud to get a new one because you killed your last one
Let your feeling guide your soul.
Let your heart take its toll.
Bound by the laws of fate.
We all hope to resonate.
I say, foursquare rocks me a freebie beer at Aloft during an awesome event!
Check n mate!
Hahahahaha!
is not going to get this convo at all.
We just covered prog rock and 80's prom music so far.
I hate being sick..Ions I feel like crapp..some1 help me
Glad that Fenway100 gives the chance to remind everyone that Babe Ruth was the greatest ballplayer who ever lived.
Did you catch the weather update from on ?
If not, catch Rob again at the end of the hour!
What's not to love?!
meow RT : My host cat loves me.
All cats must love me somehow.
Right, ?
oh well me queiro you too.
Exactly cuzzo..
can't see shiiiz!!!
idk what that crap is but it's causing hella traffic.
Hair looks good
When hiring, look at character first, then skills.
Skills can be learned, character, not so much.
Perhaps listing possible allergens caused a decrease in sales so they made changes so customers would continue to buy...?
I'm just proud of the Homie
Exactly.
I was a tester for a year and saw the amount of work that goes into these
Pretty little liars than mean girls333
Check out the Y for free over the week after Thanksgiving...
beat your personal battle of the bulge.
pls respect Virginians enough to give DETAILS and SPECIFICS on helpG th economy with Trickle UP
Health inspection today in DC for our truck.
Wish luck!
Dianna Agron Shoots Scenes for Horror Film The Hunters  Dianna Agron isn t at William McKinley High School anymore.
Her
Tonight it's just going to be me, my saxophone and my dog moe
no bueno : but at least you're making that monaaaay!!
haha
what do u think I am?!?
I'll remind y'all again tomorrow if I remember.
Go spurs go!
Those are the tweets and retweets for Monday, April 23, 2012.
Y'all have a great night and we'll tweet it all again tomorrow!
Oh I am a member, I just haven't logged in since 2010 lol
it was fun
Really looking forward to the ala11 undeadunconference It's been 143 years since I was last in New Orleans.
I feel like doctornking soda 
'Breaking Stalins Nose'...I am in love with this book, yet my heart is breaking.
Who has the best french fries in LA?
Votes?
The officiating has been worse than Blake Griffin's acting ability.
How might one go about applying for said social media internship?
Sitting in class in Palos Verdes.
Startled Classmates.
Me: No worries its our spaceship!
Chuck E Cheese!
Going back in
This is what real life tastes like!
hey party people, why doctornk and doctorve when you can smoke and fly?!
think your account is hacked too lol mine was hacked too...
you sound sketchy
RT to go through life without finding something worth making sacrifices for
I yelled out fuck I need a cig and some random guy gave me one.
Haha
: Sending love into the twitterverse!
Thank you, we need all the love we can get today!
Yup, sure do.
You know I live my life like a gypsy 3
thank you do much!
Babes on an all ice cream diet 3.3 what i would do to have that !!!
going back to bed
Thanks for.
FINALLY FOLLOWING ME !
Gym.
Tan.
Best friend time!!
:
Single moms and teenagers are making big money from home??
lol don't be..
Just be happy for my view :
It's not about what kind of car u doctorve...it's whether or not u can afford the payments.
Now Following
I like blonde girls...
Does that mean I hate brunettes or red heads no.
It just means I like blonde girls..
Gosh.
ugh.
shorter semester, twice the work.
but yeah, good experience for the gist I suppose.
:
some very cool stuff for clustering of text and images though.
going to have to test doctorve Mahout.
Thanks for the follow...look forward to your tweets!
I have errands to run
awesome idea, but you might need a week in Austin with all the great cheap local food.
you be the judge...
the crowd is deafening We want an encore!
Shakes!
Shakes!
shakes!
mkelive thank u for this
iew no substitute for living and studying in another country to understand other cultures opendoors 2011
Pro tip: You can only give a bad play one pan of a review.
After that, you have to walk away.
Stop dwelling on it yuks.
woohoo!
You guys will love it!
Great view a nice to have the indoor suite to warm up.
Enjoy it!
I so want the Ravens to go that way...kid is gonna be special
Just finished packing :

If you want to make your doctorams come true, the first thing you have to do is wake up.
you know that dude ryan jamies ex bf on 16 and pregant that boy is straight up UGLY!
lol
We're starting our own thing: Follow Tuesdays.
fft and somebody else or something ...
They make us laugh.
The Patio had a sik remodel, The Colony rebirth!!!
Let's Party!
I bet!
Infuriating after all these years we had to deal w/ Amend2 backlash.
Think we'd learn, grow  change.
this next beer we haven't had since kegs for kids 2yrs ago.and there are only 3 kegs left of it in the city
too bad he's there only option sorry : bulls suck magic suck
he still aint answer
A year and 19 days!
devotions and fiction that is suitable for 1112 year olds  what's out there is occultish or has too mature content
good, I heard about the fiasco that was chicago gourmet!
Big chicks need to eat
that is awesome 9 pounds!!!
Can I have a cup of the 'Chicken DyeJon' soup please?
BENEATH THE SKY
Mistakes, man
3 thank you!
Hope your day is beautiful
Give light, and the darkness will disappear of itself.
There's a sparrow outside my window eating an MM.
High school band concert soon..
Happy EarthDay!
Tonight on WORLD 10.2 at 7, looks at the modern environmental movement through the stories of its pioneers.
Don doctorper: Last year, our agency was being swallowed whole.
I realized I had two choices: I could die of boredom or holster up my guns.
I need for this song to go ahead and finish itself now.
And SPAIN
Had an awesome time yesterday!
I will run that race every year that I can.
trying out the new Chromebook today.
Good so far.
Understanding Luke's comments about the keyboard.
Just went to
I left work while it was still light out.
I AM A REBEL!
if only i knew how to use a compass
you need to stop messing with thoose ZERO's and get with some HERO's..
WORK TODAY!!
we DONT STOP!!
I'm not for beanball wars at all  throwing at a guys heads or behind his back is chicken shit baseball.
I may come by Friday to pick up an application
If you wanna :
Laughter, then tears.
is thankful.
Take the first step in faith.
You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
We are so excited to open today and see all these happy clients!
We would love to see you too ;
You deserve the success of a Blockbuster, congrats.
i will buy you a new one if they announce it before WWDC.
Your waiting will be worth it though, the 22nm CPUs use much less power
Loved watching the Mountain Hawks slam the door on the hated Duke Blue Devils.
Thanks to everyone who came out to Velvet Lounge last night!
and were great!
Who the fuck passes up free weed?
You all suck
Hot Cakes Love it'
we love you too!
Dear people against tattoos: It's my life, its my skin.
Get over it.
The XX is occupying my iPod
And TheKillers playing at CampNou after the game?
Kinda sorta awesome.
I swear people tke kindness for weakness  karma is a bitch u knw
POETIC PATRIOTIC COINCIDENCE grin as a matter of fact, I noticed it went up to 1777, so I found myself unfollowing someone!
Getting the swag mobile a car wash, gotta make him ready for tonight
I think it's hilarious that you think you can hook up with him and keep it from me.
harsh much?
Slacked all afternoon ..working during the night ...
All the best to
There needs to be a 'hide all text layers' script or something for photoshop.
Man that would save some time!
There's nothing wrong with you.
There's a lot wrong with the world you live in
Is your business constructing or repairing a piece of tangible property?
There are new tax regulations covering this.
WTF you doing ????
is in l.a but still hasn't visited my house or my bedoctorom shame .
use manic panic hair colour paint its fantastic for emo hairs and love the colours :D try it!
cfaleadercast event interesting, informative, and fun!
Thanks to the community leaders that brought it to Madison.
is my dude I love how he talks to them females
JaneCongrats on being on American Idol...
Just saw your interview online : Good luck with your band!
: Lux is more famous than US One Direction.
And she's a baby.
OMG THIS.
God is clearly punishing me for having the audacity to live beyond the walls of butler this semester
up and getting ready for work 14 days to go!!
3 my family
I just woke up from a doctoram where I was yelling at to play levels.
I think I'm losing it.
What he talkin about in math
I made a video for you !!!!!
I'll post the video next week !!!
spring sickness..not cool
It's Pub Quiz Night!
7pm9pm and there early to snag a spot!
You are very welcome.
Let me know if you have any further questions.
I think that's why I love the slight purity of over the overpushed other promotions.
FollowFriday Another Frank!
Man, we have the coolest name.
I feel more at home now in my apartment than at my parents house.
i want to tell her.
but.
i dont want her and or him to hate me.
but she needs to know
I can write an exam in an hour, can't I?
Don't get me wrong, I'm glad the part where I hallucinate and my head is trying to explode out of my skull is over.
But come on.
End now.
that awkward moment when taylor lautners birthday is tomorrow not today
i decked mine out last week.
actually put it together back of car after kickball.
haha
Happy holidays y'all
Hooters girls from Denton will be in the house tonight at
ugliest looking creature known to man kind, you are so ugly it went down on the Guiniess World records.3
When someone puts a tweet about you then they delete it right after .
Shows they not to what they sayin to you
never thanked me for the crown the empire cd I bought him :c
today is my birthday
If you look in the mirror and don't like what you see, put on some fucking make up.
chat sometime this week?
tomorrow and thursdays are good days for me.
You?
you moved to Iowa?
Or just visiting ?
Great meeting you guys tonight!
Haters have no life.
They hate someone they don't know and they judge them like as if they know everything.
So beat it haters.notimeforyou
ha!
True!
This week's Not Cool and DVD Buckets are now up for your listening pleasure at theentertainmentbucket.com!
I look like a mess today but I'm sick so idgaf
I wonder if shit  say or don't say will fall until I Love 2011 or I Love 2012.
give thanks for the follow!
Pure Power Pop Bliss, Both Jellyfish albums have been reissued on vinyl.
My ears have been on a sugar buzz today.
RT if you've listen 1D's songs today Bitch please I listen to One Direction Every day, every hour, every minute  every second of my life
No worries, hope you had a good day!
I sure did!
I'll do it again and so will other Djs at
Coffee, warm socks  catching up on my favorite show.
haha!
done deal :
A nice hot shower sounds great right now.
lol  the grape koolaid but that does sounds good right about now...
So if u wanna fall ...
if u wanna fall..
if u wanna fall , fall for me.
soo giv it up giv it up if u wanna let go u no u gota let go!
Linsanity continues.
38 points in win over Lakers.
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW!
:
Rainy day.
Have you called your mother yet?
Horror films are doing well in the straighttovideo market, and there is a demand for currentaffairs documentaries by foreign broadcasters
Starting a business is hard.
If it were easy everyone would do it.
A bit of struggle doesn't mean you are damaged.
It means you are human.
Africa is a roman word meaning motherland.
Funny how a country with its own language has a foreign.
Name.
Rabbit hole is deep.
Friday night!!!
doctornking some budlights with friends watching da Spurs kick ass!!
extra pressure on away team to win game 3
bukake fantasies lived out w/ paint, subpar djs, sweat in your crack, what part of that doesn't appeal to you?
why don't you like Romania?
2:30am wide awake.
I have to be up in 2 hours for work :
Thank you sweet friend!!!
Nothing happened.
All the stormy weather never came to pass.
Now I have to water my lawn.
You know you're old when your hangover lasts more than 24 hrs.
Do you hear that, that's the sound of couch's burning in Morgantown WV
Oh wo, happy to be home and chilling
doublechecking queries and numbers in tables...
inbetween prepping my lecture for tonight's class
wow mayne!
Damn how can a brotha get there to do some shows.
Lol.
I know its poppin.
My soul hurts an I'm stuck.
I feel you.
New York is making me feel that about Boston.
A year ago I had a back injury and followed a good nutrition program to help speed up my recovery
Same to you!
I'm be at salesforce cloudforce NYC.
Let's meetup.
Giving opens the way to receiving.
Good morning
thai food is bomb, I got some last week lol
I vote yes.
Wine down Wednesday!
50 off all bottles of wine under 99 w the purchase of an entree!
enjoy it while you can, our rain in Columbus is coming your way
Geek Quiz: tonights catagories.
Punches and Kicks  Real Hybrid Animals, or something we made upBackUp Singers Classic Round 8p start
wish there was samesex adoption then I wouldnt have lost my daughters  mothers day is going to hurt fifth one
we've had friends with Sunday River condos offer to host...
glad to hear it's healing up!
And of course I'm gonna ask brother!
Let me know if there's anything I can do for ya!
I can't wait for a Sobelman burger tonight with and !
True, not much out there and change can hurt some.
Chris Paul deserves a coach he respects, not getting that sense from CP3
RT Not being a weirdo but exercise makes me feel happy haha!
that's the motto nigga YOLO
I thank God for my job!
Anybody hiring?
;
FEELING WINDBLOWN
If you invest in the future of others, that investment is guaranteed to grow, Chris Spielman
Obamadepicting Shepard Fairey reportedly may do a new movie of Orwell's 1984.
Apt?
Ironic?
BIGBROTHER HAS A POSSE.
Don't get mad get FOLLOWERS
what's going on in DC?
2nd outage in a week.
Thanks again for joining us yesterday You guys made for a fantastic panel.
Keep your church out of my sex life and I won't have sex in your church
Choose from a wide array of Spa and Salon options at Martha's  get 50 off for just a few more hours!
www.crowdclick.com
yup and he is the first to tell you how great he is.
I just find him annoying.
Stuffed Turkey en route to Signature CigarsPerhaps it will be our featured cigar one day next week?
Gobble, gobble
there hazel.
Just an FYI, online ticket sales will be ending tomorrow; however, we will be selling tickets at the door!
Colorado civil unions bill is defeated by House committee in special legislative session.
Source: AP
Thanks man!
:
STRAIGHT TO VM YOU GO
Happy BDay mister Baseball Bob Uecker.
Mennonites, Dunkards, Reorganized Church of the LatterDay Saints, Shakers, Harmony Society...
Just now saw your response.
Homeboy has some ill concepts.
Mos def want those salmon joints!
Stay Prayed Up..Humble...Lifted...Focused..
that sounds like my record collection!
Very funny listening to newscasters figuring out how NOT to have to say Eyjafjallajokull.
The volcano...
That volcano....
It...
I swear, singing can make the most boring of activities enjoyable :
All clear!
Max passed his hearing test.
Woot!
Looks like I may be stuck in Denver as they experience their first blizzard of the year!
Correction: people wearing shorts in this weather.....are just stupid.
Epicenter for this a.m.'s earthquake was about 2 miles from my house.
A few things got knocked over, picture frames a little crooked.
on RIGHT NOW!!!!
Go Jamar!!!
Praying for you!!!!
Stack yo money up

What is the Avvo Conference?
Sick of all the suck ups!
LoveYourMusic  That is my message.
3frGABiebs Miss U being here !
TheVarsity :
love it RT : And now for today's installment of New Terms in Music Writing: Outrolo: Outro guitar solo
Hey there.
Hope you are enjoying your night :
What does it mean?
Never heard it in NY.
so who goes to cocoaheads in pittsburgh?
yup i wanna know all of them
I just realized I have natural highlights!
That's epic!
Hey, you know what I found in my spam filter last night?
Your evite.
So...
sorry I suck.
Hope it was fun.
:
Happy 4th of July!!
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO THE MAHOMIES.
THIS WILL BE OUR YEAR!
2012!!!!!
Thank you for supporting
don't mess with and u won't get a shit ton of crap said to u cuz after all this is
Dullahan to win.
told that's gonna be your favorite store
thanx!
We r from Seattle, WA  u?
What!?
It's in the DJ Handbook!
RT : I rarely doctornk coffee when we have it!
Sounds like a good idea.
I think I'll do the same.
ASECS12 ...showing how text doctorws upon orientalist discourse to distinguish themselves fr Europeans.
Aye, I love u too :
Sounds like someone I know....
: Pissed the hell off u pissed??
Nnooo I cant believe it lol
lmao mfrs should add me to the list then
Autograph Joe Tait book Its been a real ball 2166237449 or 6237420purchase a ticket for our April 18th event and it is yours.
over 100 emails down to zero emails in less than an hour.
I think I just set a record for myself!
agt.
Arsenal got trounced?
Dance rehearsal tonight for a music video shoot this weekend!
Hey gone!
Where u been?
How are u?!
I missed u!
;D
Need to finish SteigLarsson's The Girl With the doctorgon Tattoo, before it comes to the big screen!
oh you're lovely!!
have to say again you are looking amazing miss!!
Don't think I'm coming tonight Hun x
RT : Did you know cash buyers made up 30 of the market for 5 consecutive months?
Learn how to leverage this in your biz:...
Is it bad to have twice as many tweets at I have followers?
I'll tell you what, this is an important policy issue, but it doesn't sell papers
Great minds think alike!
Want to know the way to my heart?
Cookies MacCheese
Kenny G.
Concert this weekend to benefit Shriners Hospitals for ChildoctornPDX tweet me if you are in town and want tickets
NowPlaying Let Me Think About It by Ida Corr ft Fedde Le Grand
I don't think we would.
At all.
No one would.
That's why wars start, and why people die.
Enable Twitter with your location and use injured lost hungry tags.
me and you'll be in the feed for help
We will have a fun Valentine's Day contest coming next week!
Butt ass naked  Naked
I love, love, love Santa Monica!

Amen RT Stay strong!
Your test will become your testimony, your mess will become your message.
Knicks lose...Rangers lose...bad night for NY sports  now the Rays have the bases loaded w/ no outs in the 9th vs.
The Yankees...SMH
I got bored with it last year, so I haven't watched this season either.
I think it's been on eight years?
That's a good run.
I WILL RIDE NO QUESTIONS ASKED FOR  THEY FAMILY 4LIFE  LOYAL TO THE CAUSE OF LOYALTY  FAMILY
she took my virginity!
Last summer was hands down the worst summer of my life
There's so much to dosee n Istanbul!!
U should enjoy : :
It makes me really happy to know I live in a neighborhood where people will open their front doors and blast Etta James onto the street.
lmao because I know there won't be any flood if portland is not involve.: ..Dwl
Sadly, agreed.
Seeing them all at the same time, I'd choose 
the point of relationship is to bring high hopes.
You have righteous friends to bring you hope and joy.
Thanks, Kate!
This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak
Parcheesi invented in India about 500 AD.
It came to the US about 1860.
We are not early adopters.
tierney
smoke pole!
Well, was suppose to start tomorrow but looks like that may not haappen!
okay she said she's not in the house and hung up...
Where the hell???!
RT ; If You Single !
I don't I dislike him because he sucks and his players don't respect him
Just started watching season 4 of True Blood.
Wha?!?!
some people haven't heart.
hey!
I've been good, you?
:
Join us to FixSchoolDiscipline!
You just stole my tweet !
:
yes we're based in DC
QOTD: I'm in the throes of reality remorse.
Jen Muñoz
Good Morning, World!
We hope that all of you have a great and productive day!
Smile, you never know who's day you can make by doing so!
Ready 2 share the word of God  Myrtle Baptist Church, Rev.
Brandon Crowley, Pastor.
The weather is cool in Boston but I have a fire within
Healthtip: Add more protein to ur diet meatlessly.
Quinoa, an ancient grain that looks like couscous, packs 8 grams of protein!
he looks like he's going to bite your face off!
maybe i'll take it for a test doctorve on my laptop to get a feel for it without committing.
: when it rains it pours : hope your night gets better thanks girly!
Me too!
meeting tonight for fashion show at 6
nothin much just on my way to work a few hours of overtime lol I'm a workaholic.
How r u?
first loss of the season 41.
We r 8 points clear at the top of the league tho: xx
Mission: Bridesmaid doctorss shopping.
Day 1: Fail.
But these fashion forward chicas WILL conquer!
Afterlife tonight for beat the scene show series part 3!!!
Who would lie about being with Cody???
Oh yeahh so jacked up FattyWhomper tht doesn't have a life!
Some BART Delays still.
Bay Area Rocked by 4.0 at 5:33 am.
No damage to station.
All is well.
How Are You?
Miss more then two and someone will be coming after you....
Sat with pal at lunch and compared notes on managing editorial departments.
At school bout to get my learn on beauty n
40dollars could mean the difference between sending the kids to a public or private school for us next year!
be safe..
big data chick!
the site received just under 1,200 hits on the launch on Sunday and thanks to the blogosphere we're up over 3,000 today
i have my whole wedding planned b/c of pinterest.
Thanks for these
RT : Repay a deficit of trust!
Love it.
SuperbowlSOTU I'd love to see that.
Can we make a testimonial video?
I am so happy, beyond blessed and privileged to be who I am
Is Halle Berry still calling the paps and letting them know where she going to be??
late start come back
damn, I wish I was in Cali
I've been saying it all along.
Bench Romo, then trade him.
Not necessarily in that order.
Sick as a dog!
I have to ace this final exam tomorrow!
Love it when someone gets out of prison and EXCELS!!
Go Vick!!
Show starts in minutes,Louisville football ...charley vs the media...is there ever a winner in these things?
Crawford from CJ on at 405
First time my friend heard Much Better Jonas Brothers she was all make love tonight with you, woah jobros gone dirty
Take stretch breaks every couple of hours if you sit at a computer all day  make sure to take deep breaths too!
Bronson has left the ballpark...
Heading shoot...excitement growing
At a point where I know it is best to take my friends advise even though my heart it begging me not to.
tumblr's servers are down so idk what to do with my life.
im free any of those days : beach monday?
be my friend!!!!
Let the wild rumpus begin!
It's a lot harder to find my cat in this bigger house :/
I need q smoking buddy rite now
writer/tog for Scoutmob Seattle  looking for good recs, the upandcoming type.
Would luv a unique local place.
thoughts?
Happy Star Wars Day!!
May the Fourth be with you!
: Banger at that jacob lockhart kids tonight!!
Yeah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Unless you have a tail, then you can't come!
I had to make my own!
Why don't you hop into DPU1 and fly over to join us in Florence?
The kids would love it.
Word!
I use a program to track unfollowers and then I do the same to them.
Rip Michael Burks.
Amazing Blues guitarist.
as misterrogers used to say..
it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood
Oh my goodness.
We should take Ugly Christmas Sweater pictures and make Christmas cards out of them!
Love you back!
3
ima blow up your phone
Having some great laughs with at the saac : Only thing keeping me alive in this place right now..
It's a great song!
It really is.
: will check later.
Thanks!
SM Town LA, Google concert, COME TO ME
Spring cleaning always make me wonder how the fuck I accumulated so much shit over the past winter.
Count your smiles instead of your tears; Count your courage instead of your fears.
McGarry: this discussion is not just about cost, it's about public safety.
We know a lot more today about what works than we used to.
Interviewed by MoreFM Nelson and Blenheim Sun about Oranges at Halftime  a lot of interest in the grassroots rugby story!
Now that all my shows have had there season finales what am i suppose to watch lmao
With great sadness I have to tell you that I'm no longer coming to Madison.
Sorry kid.
Have fun tomorrow and don't get arrested.
Ten years ago today, Allen Iverson was just sittin' there, talkin' 'bout practice.
Need Sumone to txt
We don't, we swear!
How can we help?
What are you recording?
.FF RT : How do you ask an Aussie to pass the Coffee Mate without sounding redundant?.
Happy New Years
man.
When you sign up to follow the Blazers on Twitter, they take over your page!
We rae now featuring Landscape of Wonder II by our new Artist of the Month: Richard Ely!
Thanks for the info on coffee
Pull Wolf NOW!!!!!!
cardinals v
haha i know :o im actually trying to move up to seattle
Grassy Knoll got a new hair cut.
Fields looking nice for a game today
LCP asks: Ever find yourself watching Lopez Tonight more out of racial guilt than because you think it's any good?
AT ALL?
Just sayin'.
Good morning!
Did you accomplish all your fitness goals this week?
I hate when I get these random depressing moods when I think about you.
Gas is so expensive that after I filled up my two vehicles, my bank called and asked if my credit card was stolen.
Welcome to Queens, NY where my LGA airport hotel happens to be a lesbian sports bar.
It still makes me feel so good to be in the same city with you.
With no regrets, Ill listen to your music all day long.
TheBornThisWayBall
Free Jolly.
Ok friends, you'll have 2 forgive me todayI'll be tweeting all day about my Open House!
I'm just 2 excited!
Come by7915 Cerezo!
Bucket o beer?
Check.
Cabana?
Check.
Yep, todays going to be a good day.
If this is what I think it is, it will be the last time.
I refuse to do this again.
This weeks camp is officially over.
That's it for us till after new years!
like yahhhh :p arent you sick?
Boston needs more bookstores!
Though and are great places to spend the day browsing.
love is not enough!
Lmao so not funny im thirty ashell
Thanx for the shoutout for our PAS2012 Sat AM session on Web Tech in your Twitter note!
I never do!
I haven't gotten sick in forever!
Maybe it's just a sore throat...
lol
What fed suit  is this for TX, btw?
Old head at my 3 brang em out and let em hang
oh I like those too!
A5 I doctorssed up like Spot the dog for a childoctorn's event at the Tattered Cover.
Can't beat that!
wow word travels fast!
Seems to be doing better this morning.
Keep him in your prayers.
This Week Only Buy 1 Get 1 50 Off on All Fruit  Nut Bars!
Use Code OW7FE through November 12
Her pussy must be Good P?
JB is not that you give us your real phone number
did you see IU coach Tom Crean's comments about our Cats?!
Badgers now is your time!
if u love just bieber please follow me I heart him so much please follow me and make me and justin smile cause he is the best now 4ever!
LIES!
Y U NO FOLLOW ME?
Very cool!
I should send you a prizea free copy of my book?
thanks!
I'm gonna have my mom gps them now
Please.
The US sells more arms than anyone in the world.
To bed I shall go
I am listening to a jackass have a phone conversation, and am struggling with the self control keeping me from punching him in the face
: Who thinks wearing the same kit as Rafa to an actual Rafa match should be illegal.
I say All tennis gear
you never could keep up with me ;
So Jim Butcher inspires you.
I also like him.
I also am inspired by Roger Zelazny.
I am working on improving my writing.
did you find out about your test yet?
When is the the Twins  Rox game you're going to.
...And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition Steve Jobs, 2005
Just wanted to say thanks to everyone who showed up at any of the Artists' Bloc Downtown events, last week!!
Awesome work, great feedback!!
the join mymafia is not from me!
don't do it!
baking cupcakes yum.
ive been doctornk and high these past 60 days ...smh
We wrapped today!
Then we started a Facebook page!
Dear Your instant flyer service worked great for the event I threw yesterday, but now I can't log in.
A little help?
Thanks!
Bullfogs with Steven for the texans game
: your tweet makes you just as ignorant as Charlie Sheen.
You obviously know nothing about Michigan.
I really do love the IKEA efolder idea.
Super cute, fun and totally onbrand.
Well maybe I'll mosey on your way sometime.
I'll bring the cornbread
THE RAID beat me black and blue and tossed me on the hospital doorstep.
This is the kind of action movie you use as a teaching tool.
Y is my damn twitter unfriending people.
It'snotmeipromise
I'm tellin ya, the whole WHITE OUT thing works in out favor!
:
probably time to change gears....
basically done with 2011...
or is it?
RT A constitutional amendment.
A super committee.
How many ways will Congress invent to avoid voting to balance the budget?
understand the key factors in the math behind viral marketing and use to figure out what it takes to get viral growthDavid Skok
Switching between Glee and LA Complex ..
Where higher than a mother fer
I'll keep an ear out!: also, eatmorenuts!
Help us reach our goal to distribute diapers to childoctorn n need.
We are currently  3099 diaper's.
Have a diaper doctorve to support our cause.
Follow me and I will follow back...
Thanks for the RT and the cool images of Marilyn on your twitter page.
I haven't seen a few of them, the rest are iconic.
The post office and FedEx all suck a bag of dicks.
Wow...that is a nice boss.
I'll be there cam!
RT : Playin  westwood music Saturday night with my Band o' Buds...
It's gonna be a SHOW!
Come one and all!
is sitting outside the airport and refusing to get out of the car.
So instead she and Nick are listening to country music.
text me real quick
These hoes dikes so you might lose yo wife
I likeah tha dark ones
InLittleMonstersWorld Everything is perfect
W.aolcitysbest.com for bday ideas
I'll turn my head.
; biggest lie you've ever told young lady!
Smh.
it was funny how Don Mattingly; who played the position for his entire career was told he was wrong when he argued.
Maybe it's over already cause this night didn't go as planned
Can't give af about a bitch that don't care about..
Miss Lotus we'd love to have you visit the store next time you visit NYC ; we can compare collections!
That shit crazed  Kanye West, dismissive Antiques Roadshow appraiser
I been feeling extra emo lately....out of the normal pisces tendencies...
Loquat is an amazing local band that I recently discovered...loving these songs!!!
Let's play together!!!!!
Pretty please???
Alex Flinn reading from Bewitching  signing at Books  Books in Coral Gables.
7 to 8:30 2nite
I'm losing patience with the doctorft.
The few teams I was cool with Kawhi landing with, are passing him up.
No goal fuck you
Is she going play school now ?
is my hero!
Not only did she just donate to MiT but she's the newest member of our Advisory Board!
boys who can dance everything with me 3 .
3
can't sleep, too much shit going through my head right now
going out of town this weekend and on the actual day I don't know yet haven't planned it yet
thanks for the mention today!
We are big fans :
I hate that sends me these vids
Nice job by , earning his first win on the Orioles beat.
Hey, suddenly something ' happened and I got connected.
Hey tweeps.
Yay!
We couldn't wait to see your reaction.
: Thanks so much for sharing your picture,  enjoy your new pretties!
3
Who's getting ready for BostonMarathon?
Yeah I've seen that too.
So you're telling me Reggie Bush can't truck Patrick Willis time after time in real life?
I love you pens but you fucked up.
the 1st episode is crazy, especially the opening but it's gets better.
Things are heating up now
2 Eliteist ultra rt.
obstructionist Tea Party on Taxing !
Give unto Ceasar the things that r Ceasars  unto God His things
You too and happy Saturday!
yours is much more practical lol
they had a good amount of cash.
there of course were also affluent non americans who bought american art
Our numbers are a bit down today, but we still have good attendance at our meeting.
Learning about physics, astronomy, seasons etc.
yeah I was thinkin bout ya haha...well Congrats anyway!
effectively makes the case why Shoah Foundation videos shouldn't be uploaded on YouTube
Thanks so much for the great time I think I had last night.........
Three Floyds makes some damn fine beer.
Hahaha, dope!
where is that at?
I know!
I made myself cry myself to sleep over it.
Carrying around Mocking Jay today hoping I find a second to crack it open!
My family  crazy.
I think I'm dyslexic, like no joke lol.
I'm so screwed.
OMG I'm soo hungry!!
Lol I have no idea what my problem is tonight!
when I get to start scrimmaging, I'll let you know.
Then you can come cheer for me like I know you want to ;
Thanks for the Follow!
:
Have you had an authentic conversation today?
Jireh worship w/ th developmentally disabled 2nite this is an amazing worship service I luv it
sweet laying with my little girl waiting for the same thing 
ok no problem.
Have a great day.
They're trying to fix stupid :
Big Question of the Day: What is everyone's favorite homemade Thanksgiving dish??
TE with firstround fantasy value?
Graham could break barrier ...
You crack me up, Ingrid.
Where's the Like button on Twitter?
:
lots and lots of beer.
fantastic!!!
I do like a salted rim ;P
Cool thanks...
We'll try to help you guys out..
If you guys get featured later, we will place you guys in the Talent section
It was intense...
RT : Holy cow!
How is it I scheduled today off, did all my work for today yesterday, and came in the office today in hopes of nothing to do to more work?
Great idea!
RT Are you tired of never having enough money?
Do what I did makingeasymoneyathome .com
is a guppie
yes please!
That is getting kinda old!
hmm , NOW what am i gonna do today ?
When you're through changing you're through.
I just applied to appear on single ladies
God Bless the people of Haiti who are fighting for their lives tonight.
God always seems to show me how blessed I truly am.
Mommy around?:
I'm sorry I'm being an annoying little girl, constantly asking you to follow me.
But I can't help my obsession.
;
THAT MOMENT WHERE YOU RETWEET ME AND I NEARLY HAVE A MILD HEART ATTACK LMAO!
:
Time to tuck in to the sweet sounds of cats having violent sex in the doctorveway.
Ah, Somerville.
laughing Good thing, too!
people change, memories don't.
Always warn someone before putting them on speakerphone.
Watcha doing for De Mayo?
ditto.
: i'm positive my neighbors think im some barefoot, wild titties, crazy hair amazon escort who always comes home at 4am.
Last day of high school ever....
this is so surreal...
My dad always used to tell me that sometimes the best pat on the back was about two feet lower and a little bit harder.
thanks so much!
we miss you!
: this cat is a Tennessee fan!!
I wonder if they make bruce pearl jackets for animals.
getonitpetsmart!
Browns fan!
Brandon Weeden will b on Gruden's QB Camp  7pm est.
On ESPNU.
Check it out.
smiles such a flirter!
Eagerly awaiting the alumna perspective on mister Obama's speech at Barnard today.
Hm they go together???
Wtf!
Beware the diva bearing improvements
So damn bored can't wait to go home
Did anyone else get those sleeves that had all the random knowledge on them?
There were like 5 subjects?
Came in all kinds of colors?
I like your face.
Get away from me ...circa just now.
Vice Mayor of Long Beach reading a lovely essay on the future of a city in South Africa, but hard to follow as a talk.
followed back
Great works are often born on a street corner or in a restaurant's revolving door.
Albert Camus
Balanced piece from on progress and work remaining to build more inclusive Edgewood College://bit.ly/Jgs89p
Congratulations to the American Red Cross who celebrated 95 years of service to Long Island on Friday night.
Why do I think learning about NoSQL is going to be more complicated than just unlearning SQL?
Nice!
I'm ready!
; RT : Seriously!
Having a blast with the svafaculty today!
One more day of training!
Be ready!
This DAWGS defense is looking mean!
Still trying to find a good scanner for my summer travels.
One that's portable but with highest quality imaging.
Life sucks, but then you die.
The peanut gallery in full effect SMH RT : I'm not touching that one.
Lol
Petra is a dumb bitch 
omg I already did!!!
You're in my digi pic frame quite a few times :' FaceTime soon!!
your welcome lol
they closed up shortly after noon  kicked us all out  I've moved on.
North Carolina.
RT : What do you know...there's another state I don't ever need to visit.
Running some errands and gettin the day going.
Alot to do today
Janet Jackson Velvet Rope.
Love.
BETTA NOT FIND HER SLIPPIN'...SHE VIOLATED TOO MUCH ON THIS ONE!!!
SHE SHOULD LEAVE AMERICA...NOW!
We thank all of Our SNOCLOTHING Follower's/Fan's and We hope you had a Merry XMas!!!
www.SNOCLOTHING.com
Let's Go Bucks!!!
That is classic.
:
Missed the beach cleanup because my stupid alarm didn't go off!
So bummed
Finding out if they can get me a job
he says dont pick on it
Excited to be shooting photos at The Fray concert tonight at Red Rocks.
Not lovin' the light doctorzzle...
Always wanted to see  pumped to be checking him out tonight.
Big ups to !
jason white fan is what u are: peace
Talk about full service
hey Dylan who's still leading the division?
The team is back in booth 607 at rethink12.
Would love to hear feedback from the mister folks on our presentation yesterday.
I applaud you!
Dont put words in my mouth
More narratives are helping to speed up time RT
They refuse to release it in most of the U.S.
a totally botched film release.
I think I might totally be lost.
all I got to say is at least that was contested.
The FTs are unguarded.
Lebrick's been a mediocre FT shooter since he's come in
CDPII is a global project, operating in Paraguay, Kenya, Ethiopia and Tanzania.
Jesus Christ.
All right we get it.
You're a rebel.
Move on.
lmfao I didnt think about that
I dont gotta work tomorrow!
Im so excited I almost dont know what to do with myself!!
hahahha, i forgot like half the dance for the flash mob....hahaha
In other news NFL doctorft is tonight.
Looking forward to Tom Coughlin's picks etc.
I can't sleep, I'm going to work on my twitter background :3
y u mad at him?
Happy Spring!
Only 4 of Saudis said they do not trust the government.
I love my schoolclass
Emily, you're a strong girl.
I've been with you since 6th grade.
We've been best friends.
I'll always be here for you.
As I'm reviewing for micro exam...Chlamydia is most prevalent in women under the age of 20.
becareful hoes.
why so much hatred towards you from all these tweeps?
I aim to dazzle!
RT You only have till Thursday to register to Vote!
Check out www.tobyforaustin.com for more info.
on where to get registered.
amen, brother!
Go get them today!
you a mess bitch!
Get your life togetha
We're counting down!
29 days until opening day!!!
Who is joining us in the Miami Beach sunshine March 1  3?
awesome day, really excited for this
You Only Live Twice Yeah...
I'd prefer not to be a zombie.
Only reanimators
Henri Matisse What I doctoram of is an art of balance.
Anyone notice Zayn poke Harry's face in the beginning of their prrformance of One Thing..?
the annual DC cre breakfast at Bens Chili Bowl Friday was great fun.
Lots of the veterans, movers, shakers.
Thanks!
Nashville, Sign your team up NOW for this Saturday's CityStreak in Downtown.
5 per person and winner takes home 300.
Here's one more deadline, Emerging professorssionals!
2012 Jason Pettigrew Memorial ARE Scholarship award program applications are due April 13
Thank you so much for your vote!
Be sure to stop by for the next round!
yes David haye is a clown..
But he wants to fight vitali now too right??
Interesting running ProPresenter on one computer for church and keeping up with the UK game on my iPhone at the same time.
Don'tJudgeMe
Its crazy how I have a boyfriend but it doesnt feel like it anymore..
Boutta be at work
not much just tweeting people : how about you?
Strong edtech technapex event.
Like the idea of the freemium model in education...but not yet convinced it will pan out for most K12 biz's
You can never understand someones PAIN until you're the one who feels it....,..
he would have been good 2!
rt Z.
wish it was instead.
I still remember when me and Todd use to tap aka slap box dat sht used to b to funny, A true sad day R.I.P Todd Blackshear
BYRG really thin, running on news, watching...
I don't have the book yet.
A few dudes are gonna go in on it with me.
I have listened to all the podcasts and read a million..
I want Bayern to crush Chelsea, maybe make them cry a little bit
You never told me you had an interview.
I need details.
copy  paste lol
he's for muscles now yayaysya and u have to admit sick ass dance moves
brah I ryde wit u 4lifstop playing wit me.Nikka u kno who ride .hit m
don't let your computer be slow on you!
thanks Jgo....damn Nuggs!
But you...as always....are on POINT!
MISS YA!
Nothing says no like mace in the face!
Hope ya make it big babe!3
Dear Brewers, my scouting report on Kimbrel....Slider, Slider, Slider.
Please send my scouting paycheck to home addoctorss!
seriously?
Want to get into the movie mashups contest?
Email Lucas DeJeu, he's looking for actors for Fight Club  Casablanca.
lucas.dejeu at gmail
Felt GREAT to see my friends!
:D
I don't mean to be a downer, dude, but people deserve clean water, safe homes, etc.
no one deserves a reality show rose.
hahah but you are famous lol
you dont say those things over twitter, shame on you!
fly to houston tm, ill miss NYE w/ you!
enjoy it!
absolutely!
I love fellowship among good people!
sounds like it was just about perfect then!
I don't think there's much I would c.
I have a feeling it's in an action that was taken by you or someone else.
Interesting jump!
Pauly and Vinnys friendship is way too freaking cute.
Chris Cooper wants to move beyond moody rednecks, and I applaud that, but his performance in The Tempest makes me long for Matewan.
I mean, he's already been hit.
Just hoping for the xray outcome.
: I know that was the best ever !
I have it to Jeff!
For his kid!
that's awesome
Enjoy y'all day people.
God bless
Also, , what's with the commercials with the douchey furries?
Are your offices in the Dallas zoo?
Close case ya, duct tape ya !
Holy Moly!
Yes please!
See you at noon!
GreatestAlbumsofAllTime Almost Alice, Alice in Wonderland Movie Soundtrack
need more coffee.
We serve 1200 HIV/AIDS clients in Cleveland.
Want to help us make a difference in their lives?
Attend on 41611.
I approve your tweet.
:
Thanks, John!
Will do.
we are always looking for bands and artists to collaborate with, send us a message 
that sounds right but we nice guys always finish last.
Good luck !
RT: Half of Roman Gold to bring me luck metal detecting.
Not as good as the Ghost Ship.
Bit too sweet
Working on the Grown Man logo/symbol.
This is going to be epic.
My little sister said: If there was a Harry Potter house of Awesome, would be the first and only ones in it.
She's 11.
yes sir!
Also releasing a new design for a shirt, I know you asked about some big dude sizes, we could hook it up!
truestory RT Virgos will give and give of themselves without really allowing anyone else into their inner world.
When setting the table, does the remote control go to the left or the right of the dinner plate?
doctornking large dunkin coffee and then try and sit through a panel...
need to run around!
I've said it before, I'll say it again: maybe for once they're just saving all the funny bits for the movie
thx Tyler!
appreciate the note.
o yay...o noo I'm supposed to be going back to fl for my sis babyshower : poo.
She in atl?
Wishing tons of fun at !
Be sure to ask her about WhyILoveAccountants!
I thought at first you typed crack radioactivity  I'm only slightly less confused now.
Looking for some silver and black gear in Oakland
Nighty Night sleepy tight wake up with the sunieshine!
Dessert martinis!!
to star on version of The Bachelor.
Q:What is 's favorite bar to hang out at?
A: the Tool Bar
finalizing content for our big Editors' Picks section in our May 944 Picks Issue!
customdesigned issue covering what's NEW, NOW and NEXT.
Wow that's beautiful.
Is it on the Richmond tour?
My upstairs neighbor is the loudest walker EVER.
Ouch from NY, but accurate sir.
Because if you leave, baby, then leave!
Make up your mind before you shut the door!
Did you know that .....2u 4 halves?
Yes, I do.
They contribute to multiple sidesand don't want it public that they are covering the bases.
Listening to Octomom on That is one INSANE chick
I'm great went to an awesome show lastnight
Check out and FOLLOW!
!
GO FOLLOW NOW !
It's almost done..
I don't have a kid and I am not having one anytime soon!!
Lol
she looks 17..
The almighty pizza box appears in at least 2 ads this month.
Finally.
I don't plan on it.
Wait, so they DIDN'T import the new world trade center from Gotham City?
Same ol game just a different day...
I wish all my followers on Twitter a Happy Chanukah
All I took during my last visit was a gown.
Hollie wins.
Yes, you'll have to pardon me.
Every now and then I lapse into a Friends joke.
Be content with what God has given you, and live out your purpose of glrifying God only!
HEi
My baby is making me watch JUICE...
damn this movie is fucked up but good!
im hungry too
Me too!
Headed to a skillet handoff from a friend doing a show above a chinese restaurant in logan square.
Yep.
afraid there are probably some work visa issues that would need to be sorted out.
I want my clothes :
Looks like I am back in LA June 27th.
Save the date, lets catch up.
95 people found the site by Googling Marty McFly
What is a Resistor and how it works?
there was a sense of this school fading back into its context, trees, falling brick, smashed window and sky.
nope!
but i think they'd make an adorable couple!
haha
I made my appointment at Edith's Bridal to start weddingdoctorss shopping!!
black God?
lmao
Andoctorw Gelles Band will play again tonight at 7.
Join us for a wide array of music!
You are a culinary daredevil!
I would have refused
Was there rioting in Vancouver tonight?
Work much?
RT : Back in the office after a quick trip to CA.
Today I am reformatting my HD and installing Lion.
Im in traffic wit DaMovement2 right now!!
hit my line
my bed right now screwschool dontwannago!
Haii, everyone thats following me please follow my other account thanks i love you guys never forget that 3
FAME  MONEY reveal so much about who people really are..Know we love you mister.Christie
Thank you all for voting best burger!
And thanks to my great staff for all you do to make it such a great place!
Cady Groves is the best
new haircut :
I sprained my idiot ankle!
I'm pretty smart, but that isn't.
ooooommmmmmgggggggg.
followed me.
What do you do?
In EXACTLY seven words ONLY.
INSIDE WASHINGTON: Who pays when prez politicks?
Albany Times Union
SMILE!.
It'll all work out in the end, it usually does..
we are so excited!
WOW where did the first part of the week go?
www.barackbust.com recieving tons of traffic already....
Don't let the things you want make you forget about the things you have.
But...acceptable international survey acceptance rates can be as low as 10!!!
Let's go Yanks, finally I can get sleep.
were his initial objections ever explicitly couched in religous terms, or was it implied?
Watching C.S.I.
and they just said a house in Vegas collapsed from termites...
think they need to do better research next time on that one.
This fool
Happy last publication day !
Congrats on a great year!
I have a cable card in a TiVo ...
no box.
Kendoctorck looks like he put a few pounds on..
Home sweet home...So i have some downtown in August from traveling...any ideas?
Somebody buy Hamilton some crack so we don't have to worry about him anymore.
Thanks!
Bullshit had to stay in the house cause niggas wanna be a send off
iSummit2012 w Anne Balsamo on rethinking cities: as network, media and culture scape, game world  practice space where habits r made
lol  couldnt sleep and then konked out as soon as I tweeted that.
Last night was amazing.
Sdakdbejxmsmdn such an amazing show
Great moment in Phx as Steve Nash leaves2standing ovation, not sure what future holds but not another player I've enjoyed watching more
SNL is the most painful show to watch.
People actually find this funny?
Not all things 1 loves to do needs to be about money!
Business?
Still waiting for my check...
;
next Friday 10 sandwich and a game  lucky strike.
Lunchtime bowling with you game?
Last day of railsconf!
Did you get a chance to meet the iTriage team??
We are hiring!!!!!
We are so happy to welcome Champion Law LLC to the office today!!
We look forward to working with you!
Up a little early but had a good breakfest.
And watching the news...
Well now that's just to adult for me
Nothing like narrowly missing having liquid dumped on you from high porches  doctornk people ambling out into traffic!
mifflin is not cool.
You look pretty today.
and I guess you spell how you want too, huh?
LOL!
P
Watching NFL doctorft.
Go Broncos!
come meet vic cruz tuesday in pk , Im doing a big event with him!
Brady and Lewis exchanging pleasantries I love it..
Follow me please :D,
Kyle gets a cheese burger and you get coal
Toying with recasting a workshop paper as a doctormatic dialog.
Will it get past the referees?
I fuhked up I kulda ben a better kid but now it's to late to turn bak, Da stripes on my shyrt I earned dat no regretz
It is annoying af.
.
didyouknow senior has a piece in danceworks!?
Guess you'll have to check it out!
yeah I mean my roommate used to go every weekend hiking, but I never went...but yeah i'm down let me know
Me and my mom got soaked today...
love the professorle cris...
Big speech at IL Defense Counsel seminar this am how to predict damages in civil litigation.
The allsoilsjazz festival was a huge success as always.
Killing show last night.
Mark your calendars for our Health and Wellness Fair at the DEC, April 9, 9  4.
Demos, presos, and more.
www.abil.org/wellness
will raise a glass to you at MML
emotionally conflicted.
Thank for the RT Travis.
Hope you're having a great week so far.
:
Putting together final details for tomorrow night's Tabula Rasa Gives Back event!
TR clients are so excited to help our needy neighbors!
Cosign on the sleeping pill!
RT a sleeping pill would be great right now, plus a chill pill and a forget pill lol
Prepared families are lessstressed families.
Review your disaster preparedness plan and supplies, and revise by using fastpreparedness.com
just fucking great
So pumped that I got a parenthetical reference here.
Boom.
Nights like this mean one thing.
TAKE OUT!
Good thing Lulu's Noodles delivers.
padthaidon'tlie
I love the moment when you finally figure out what the film you're making is really about.
Had a good time tonight at The Sag Awards Party Great turnout
No, no, THANK YOU for being such an inspiration !
Spa well!
LEARN HOW TO LIVE TOGETHER A good conversation for people that know that they have been promised a blessing amen!
Sir Court
Fortify yourself with contentment, for this is an impregnable fortress.
Epictetus
When we are no longer able to change our situation, we are challenged to change ourselves.
Victor Frankl
I just checked yours was the very first one mailed on Feb.
24 same day as Norway, Italy and Belgium.
Must come Son!
Putting our brand WIA training program to the test.
justpassed CompTIA Security exam.
syep where ya at?
Get certs!
TOMORROW IS recordstoreday!
Are you excited?
:
Don't worry.
Senior marketing professorssionals will no be replaced by technology.
HBO GO only available if you have cable???
What the hell is wrong with you dinosaurs!
Awww Happy birthday little bill
I think my second graders need a visit from Cybrary man sometime this school year!
What do you think?
Nothing makes me feel better than when I'm at Southland !
yes sir haha
how did u do that its cul
Congrats to my friend on his new column in the I'll be looking for the debut in tomorrow's paper!
Laugh Out Loud
I'm queuing with who needs 2; I can get one for you!
i really cannot wait to go home, bake, get baked, sleep, be lazy and not give a fuck :
Congress has will create a committee to travel to Ticonderoga and continue to Canada to aid in the military decisions while taking Quebec.
LateNightConfessions I don't know where I will travel to or be in 3 months and it excites the shit out of me.
I told my friend that if the boys are at Logan this weekend she's coming.
she said okay and told me I was a stalker...
I know that
as a result of this, classical Greek requires only a single word to convey the concept being reamed with a radish
This 3 year old just called me a butt fucker lmao.
Bitch.
I CLEARLY SEE THEM IN MY NEWS FEED, LOL
Never heard of it 
And sometimes I have issues uploading the photos....it's very dependent upon where I happen to be standing .
those green pants are rad!!
So true!!
Pretty sure you got us 50 followers in a day.
listening to We Are Young always reminds me of yall!!
FACT: : Dude, peanut butter is clutch!
I hate this game already.
Had to meter park today but was able to employ advanced parking techniques to avoid ticket
not fair, i can play every other day besides wednesdays.
you'll still lose to that idiot 3 day winner regardless.
My obligation to my childoctorn is to protect them from abuse by biomom.
Since she's been gone my kids have been freed from her turmoil
me also, tell us alfano what was it like to club to some mc hammer?
Well, looks like I'll be headed to the shop at some point.
When are you around today?
good music.
great company.
fantastic weather.
perfection.
Keep me in your memory, leave out all the rest.3
roti lunch is calling me...
i think knows what i'm yapping about
First official day of summer vacation.
Beach Bound soon....................
Made it in the xibus world orchestra but it's zoo expensive since im from Miami.
Can't go :
This weekend should be fun
Why can magicians make things disappear into thin air but not thick air?
see hard work does pay off!!
used hte zapcash hash 28 times!!!!!!
Seriously though, look outside.
Thunderstorms sound so peaceful..
Working at the bar, its so slow.
Someone save me!
no, he was playing with his kids.
Next time!
Good Morning!!
This gloomy Monday is forcing me to stay in bed for sure.
There's nothing wrong with work in bed, right
: Awesome feeling attending my 1st deltasig chartering.
Words can't describe how proud I'm to work w/ these men.
and women!
Did you know Elizabeth Bathory, a female serial killer, was probably the inspiration for Bram Stoker's doctorcula?
More ideas: build something that the copyright office can certify
RT : I can't give up, although I'm hopeless, I think my mind's gone.
All I can do is get my grind on.
Why do I have to be ForeverAlone?
:
Sometimes it easier to just be an asshole then to care...
Bleacher Report: Buffalo Bills 2012: 5 Reasons the Bills Will Make ...
We want to wish Arlin a happy bday!
Everyone go wish a happy bday!
We love ya  The girls ; xoxo
They'll just give anyone a music contract nowadays, won't they?!
Thanks for your support!
Can't wait to see you at our Young Childoctorn Without Homes Conference in May!
's new song doctorps tomorrow...
Who wants to have their FF retweeted by us?
sent some stuff
Beat the breaks off your body fat with intense cardio
Enjoyed reading!
Thanks for the tips!
There are no rules in this business except those I set for myself.
Thanks for rt!
off laying in sun  beach ; ope yor day is going well :
Take the day by storm and leave nothing to chance.
Cause tomorrow is not promise.
Said i was a freak!
When's it all said and done, it will be worth it.
Just work hard, pray, and push on through.Stressing:/
Goebbels was a dangerous man in PreWar Germany too, How did Austerity work out there?
Led to Hitler.
peep peep.
Knock knock.
On the 71 bus to the to Haight and a guy is hot boxing the back of the bus.
Only in San Francisco
Sometimes stepping outside your box doing something unusual will surprise you..Doing the same thing everyday is boring...Try something NEW
Simply introduced me to the site..with your pic/tech savvy background
raspy voice WE NEED TO STAY THE COURSE!
thank you!
waiting for king of the hill to come on
please follow me : .
Its free ?
Still havent decided who to vote for today!
No MLB Playoff Expansion for next year
gotta look good getting this run in!!
That's what goes through my head!!
Haha
AVENGERS ASSEMBLE!
Enjoy!!
:
Looking forward to hearing on tomorrow morning at 8.
hahahahaah oh, geez, you made me chuckle,
Got my Google doctorve invite!
I already like the Google Doc integration but it brings a level of messiness that I'm not sure I'm ready for
Tanning with and !
I am so in love with the breakbeat culture.
RT : Rt ths if U R a teacher or student or parent.Follow 2help raise  4 solar panels 4 schools  hospitals
birthday and graduation!:D
If he doesn't pay for the first date, leave him
But I'm still excited 3
So what do the Romans 'do,' anyway?
Will be useful to know for When in Rome...
Social networks.
Ning no longer free.
Students like Facebook, did not find school use of it intrusive.
Pick tools based on tasks.
/fin
Only 2 hours left to come by and get your free Original Glazed doughnut with no strings attached!
Thank you for celebrating with us!
Good Old War!
Packers or Steelers?
What's your vote?
Looking for that new home???
Call today 858.279.7410
RT Congratulations Lisa  you are the 14,000th member of the ICSC Group on LinkedIn!
cre ICSC  Glad we get to work with you!
We're all in the same game, just different levels.
Dealing with the same hell, just different devils.
is the community managers bfast on for tomorrow?
Not sure I can make it anymore
Youre the shine to my day.
my favorite Carlos
This is the latest I've stayed up in like 5 days...
sad
.....
are you straight edge or something?
Did the Browns miss out on getting Tebow to pair with McCoy?
in front of Snackel!
:
follow our personal accounts to please!
and thanks : Melanie
I wanna go back to the barn.
Actually Boston  47 White, 23 African American 9 Asian 18 HispanicJust ask your favorite white guy from Boston
Tickets for DOING TIMETHROUGH THE VISITING GLASS r in process of selling out Last show 7pm Blackbox Theater.
: Don't cry over the past, it's gone.
Don't stress about the future, it hasn't arrived.
Live in the present  make it beautiful.
Headed to Summerfest to see Kanye West!
thank you.
rain and thunder please go away, I have a math test 1st period too..oh joy....well thank god it's friday
completed her food and exercise diary for 02/29/2012
Tip 4: Power  Just being a semiregular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
will you be at SXSW this year?
Born of Osiris's the discovery has the coolest theme ever.
Tell me do you trust me to lead you, tell me if you're feeling alive!
you sure do travel a lot!
So, I guess that just about wraps it up then?
I'm done!
I can't believe the semester is over; thank goodness!
RT : Just doctorpped off a bunch of awesome Spring looks at Ensemble: Austin Indie Designers, come and check out our new looks!
Uh oh, AE is going to see that tweet and start developing Yard Sale Wars immediately!
2day in 1862 Gen.
Hunter of the Union Army proclaimed the freedom of slaves in GA, FL  SC.
Pres Lincoln promptly annulled it
Joe I spoke with Tony in regards to the Charity Poker Tournament that Im holding,I was wondering if you are interested?
Make it 73!
Thanks Colleen!
Looking forward to catching up next week when things calm down muchlove :
We just tuned all the bikes up for yet another busy weekend in MKE!
Now go for a ride and let us know how it goes!
maybe its the other banks employees who are pissed PNC didn't take bailout money.
Yup, on the ground in Tampa covering for client Following everyone's updates though not the same!
How are you?
at least Comic Book Guy is funny.
Watch for massive reviews  pics from 2009!
Keep your tweet on and get ready to ROCK the next one!
Thank you and goodnite!
Bill Watterson Careful.
We dont want to learn from this.
What business needs to start investing and create jobs is less uncertainty on their cost structure, including health care  Richard Fisher
wow you are good
Hi, all!
I'm Jill and I made granola bars for the first time this week.
Shyt Belizean Moms' Say....: via my upbringing precisely.
On the way to Denton to a friends graduation.
Looking forward to my first flight home since moving to US.
Hoping to buy a sameday upgrade into the awesome Club World!
Why we glorify a life of sinnin, then turn around put it on wax and sell it to childoctorn
I've been workin' all night, man What's a young kid gotta do to blow up...
what a blessing man !
Our December Double Point Dish is our entire Tea Bar selection of hot looseleaf teas!
lol.
whatre you going to be doing this weekend?
good one.
I love sneezing
y u no say gud bai?
Reminds me of Marvell: My vegetable love should grow / vaster than empires and more slow.
expect something in the mail c:
Happy Easter/Resurrection Day Everyone!
yeah, not til midMarch.
Unfortunately I'm not going this year :
yup.
bye hoeeee.
;
thanks for follow 
99 of girls are fake.
The 1 are taken...
Not yet but working on it
This is about as good as it gets.
16, 17, and 18 at TPC Sawgrass.
But in the end it's all worth it
Thx for following!
We help fund startups/co's that are premature for banks.
I loved ur site!
Congrats on the name change :
what ?:O
Calling cloudoctorlated startups!
LaunchPad submissions for StructureConf open until May 11.
If you qualify, submit yours now:...
If you're not looking at anchoring versus zones you're missing out on a great way to play.
Especially vs 23, 131
very nice!
I just snapped a few good ones on PCH.
Enjoy your time down this way...
My wittle baby sister is going to prom today : luv ya sissy
D3 Legal extending good luck wishes today to M.M., C.L.
and R.W.!
Also, heartfelt D3 congrats to A.C.
V.FC.!
Happy Martin Luther King day!
ThingsILookFor : A reason to Love
I saw one with a gas sniffer but she didnt doctornk it!
IL
Swag attack.
And then that problem I spent over an hour on was gone in a flash and flying down west Johnson
hey.
follow back?
3
Omg dark chocolate mint MM's are amazing!!!
: Days like snakes crawling up your legs.
Mia to NYC.
Here we go.
Fam, friends, and biz.
Following you to.
Your service sounds great.
He's infamous for that 2yr probation bullshit.
I was just fined 144 for walking home doctornk.
Shoulda doctorve.
Belting/ Singing On top of old Smokey all night with  : or the Meatball song hahaha 
Finally home
Thank you for the RT.
Wishing you the best!
This game has been the polar opposite of SyracuseOhio State.
Refs are letting both teams play, and the game has been more fun to watch.
Hugh Hardy of invites you to Monday's opening night reception for Kevin Roche at Museum of the City of NY.
Reply or DM for info!
Mother's Day is quickly approaching!!!
Get 15 more added to your giftcard until May 15th!!!
We open in less than a week.
You're not going to believe how intense this is.
It's like the X Games of psychological doctorma.
looking forward to the weekend, what do you have planned?
not yet:
When is your Get It Girl video doctorpping?
ACC  A Crappy Conference!
Time for the Noles to leave for
Grindependent!
LolRT : art thou shall save thy bread and then invest in ones self,
DONT WAIT TO GET YOUR TICKETS TO HAVE A NICE DAY CAFE TO SEE GIVE YOU SOME TATTOOMUSIC LIVE
Looking forward to having staffers come to share about kony2012 here at ; thanks and
My night to wake up w/ baby for 3am bottle.
Requested permission to feed her at IHOP so I can have coffee  short stack.
Wife vetoed.
can't wait for the double date :
Luvin all of my new followers on twitter!
Use kellieluvdown to talk about my song coming out august 20th!
Thank you for your excellent presentation today and for your contribution to our military through Stars/Stripes.
icy hot creme smells like absolute shit.
Enjoying my first 4th of July night off in years with a 360 degree panoramic view of the fireworks from the middle of Tampa Bay!
Just got to in stpaul to talk about today's festivities!
Hope you can check it out at 6!
RT : Wrongkind niggas are the taste makers for the banger's.flyest doctorve bye shooters u ever seen!
hey!
thanks for the follow.
there is a link for mediafire now.
off to soccer game 2 tonight!
we're going to win tonight I can feel it!
you need to change your twitter name...
I always wanna try them ..you've mentioned before
Duffy is my choice.
I hear he looks great this Spring.
hey BirtherBlather a new hash to pin on those whacko GOP trolls !
: don't bogart that hash my friend !
Looks like Venable's moment of good hitting is over  his average is plummeting.
Familiar?
Players sign up so coaches can see you in action don't wait any longer we have all sports
ouch!: saw a sign on way to airport.
What happens in vegas stays in vegas, except Transy.
Take your loss with you
Where science and fashion connect!
:
Glad the Cubs won, but that 'Go, Cubs, Go' song must be murdered without remorse.
ha you just said love haha
Diamonds...a girl's bestfriend is what they say but believe me with the right allegiance girl you're gonna shine anyways....
We like that idea!
What about using local grass fed butter too?
We wouldn't mind paying more for it.
I hope that crazy bat lady Senator Rosen isn't related to our favorite Rosen.
Just took a walk down H Street to grab a cup of coffee.
Beautiful morning!
Althought the police/ambulance sirens have been blaring!
Lots of familiar faces at Beer Can Raft!
made arrangements for brokenlegged traveler.
Assured bulkhead when booking.
She had to sit with leg in aisle
i just wanna sleep
best coffee in town
Animal prints are required.
That's such a great quote!
The Blind Man is the only Hunter Douglas Gallery Showroom in Albuquerque!
When you are DOWN to nothing.....
God is UP to something!
Faith sees the invisible, believes the incredible and receives the impossible!
RT : Tomorrow is the last DWNTWN Miami concert at 6pm in Bayfront Park with Latin Grammy winners Los Amigos Invisibles!...
Confetti cake blizzard 3
thanks Kristen!
Prom needs to be now
I sure will!!
Loved the the underground tour!
Laker game made me sick to my stomach last night, hopefully we can have a better showing today by the Clippers.
ChaCha updated their website that they use to do the searches, has had a couple of bugs the past weekend!
Sorry!
Gotta get out of this sorority house can't stand being one man in a room with 4 women
Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future!!!
RT : RT if your in need of more followers follow and gain 100 followers instantly tweet me a 3 if you did 3
yay so happy is moving to Miami yay I might see him!: :
Jason I still find your coverage of the packers to be great.
Are you getting Positive feedback?
Smart choices will save you money when building your home.
Design your home with a Builder who knows what choices to make.
I'm checking out my favorite poetry cyber haunts.
This new guy better be worth it
I'm 45: will the stock photographers come in the night to force me into a chambray shirt, take my shoes off  foist a tea mug upon me?
very similiar questions i'm discussing on my FB wall.
people still complaining about facebook  just use twitter!
pretty sure i broke my finger today...other then that great day with some great people
Awe 's twitcon is so cute.
:
You have to be kidding me.
When you randomly say I love you3
Oh damn!
I'd kill you if you posted a pic of me sleeping!!!
LOL..
paybacksabitch!!
Hey Mona Lisa, come home; you know you can't roam without Ceasar.
I'm fortunate to work with a great group of coaches.
It don't stop until the break of dawn...
This is a low scoring game..
Man
ill tell you I do
Is it genetic to be good looking and skinny for vampires?
made it through a whole stinkin' hour of Turbo Kick.
Good havens.
I feel like I'ma pass out.
Good Idea: Taking your kids trickortreating on your street.
Bad Idea: Taking your kids trickortreating on Bourbon street.
I'll come hang out with you!!
I'm filled with estrogen...and love
Stop caring what people think.
Stop taking caution in your actions, listen to what you want, do what you want, this is your life.
Live it.
Organize around unemployment, foreclosures.
Reach out.
RT So, that was fun, now wiunion, what else would you like to do?
Sub in the trunk thumpin up against a dead cop
has there ever been a modern first lady that people just hate?
Continue networking TODAY after Kundoctor's speech 5:30 at postOGI tweetup HAPPY HOUR at Clyde's in Chinatown
I sent them already.
I got away from SUVs.
Now I doctorve something that can quickly get out of their way!
The 1988 move Big which was directed by Penny Marshall was the first movie by a female director to gross over 100 million domestically
I doctoram about the Birthday Oreos!
Laphier be weird af on Tuesdays
Agreed!
Wish I could be there!
Congrats to  you are trending in DC!
Fosterly Hope your event is going well!
Today in 1777 the colony of New York elected its first governor, Brig General George Clinton.
He was also VP to Jefferson and Madison.
yea we need to this friday, do something.
U know I need a doctornk, maybe a few lol.
meet tomorrow 630am.
?
That's what I should have suggested seeing in Seattle.
Quality bus system.
i think there runnin out of ideas for barbie.
a surfing mermaid ?
really.
Any idea when Hulu Plus is going to be available on TIVO?
haha that's like, good luck in some culture or something right?
we have almost the same type :
let's just meet at 2:30
Think Like A Man made a nigga think
If you use the abbreviation 'ep' for episode, you're spending too much time watching tv and not enough time typing.
follow back
Read this weeks paper!
no problem shout out to miami
Omgad.
I can't freaking contain myself!
I'm so damn excited!
Can i get a RT?
Been my favorite player since
aw I miss Trident!
I used to work at Spruce Confections :
Growth is the process of self discovery.
If only the heat can get past the pacers.
If not, bahahaha bandwagon fans.
where are u and what are u doing?
It's catch up time lady!
Writing an essay that's due tomorrow  was assigned about a month ago...
straightlaggin
Bring Em Home Kotsay cardinals v
Running home to watch ManUtd v Glasgow Rangers with Gordonramsay , if he starts any sectarian chanting i'll tell him to fuck off.
HappyFriday  wishing all of our followers who celebrate Yom Kippur a great holiday!
hi  do you like thin mints?
i prefer peanut butter patties but yes IB Vinny 
Got it!
So glad we connected!
they better not be!!
Weight training helps stave off dementia, study finds
Traffic school is by far the most boring thing i've ever done.
Mark 11:24 KJV Therefore I say unto you, What things soever ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye shall have them.
I hope so  on both counts!
Are you following Blog4BizHI for more tips?
After your Wii danceoff with the Rynster, don't forget we're skyping!
I'm talking to you !
I've lost over 10 lbs this month and feel great!
Wow, really just said that the Clemson Tigers take on another team from the state of Virginia ...
West Virginia tomorrow.
And Hudson played with Lorraine Bracco's dog this morning.
Who else will we see today?
Appreciate the folo Chris!
Thanks.
what day would we goo onn?
Are any of my followers fanatics?
: Please introduce federal legislation to license  regulate online poker in the US!
Thank you.
I am so bored.D; I need someone to talk to.
:
IUsedTo use Facebook  make fun of twitter now I use twitter and make fun of Facebook
Inquiring minds want to know...Who is your favorite woman leader and why?
youre a plant???
About to watch Real Steal
The past few days, anything pisses me off.
I'm sick of being stressed.
music sounds better with you
All the darkness in the world cannot extinguish the light of a single candle
RT Nashville peeps, head on down to Center Stage now for the Kix Brooks video shoot!
Bring your friends!
Just heard about this great new product from called Asprin!
Felt a little bad for giving a thumbs down to Bonnie Tyler's Total Eclipse of the Heart on Pandora but it had to be done
:O im so sorry!!!!
I did but im so sorry!!
D:
I wish I could make it for the Iron Chef event tonight!
Have fun.
Cold wet and rainy!!
Pork Verde Chile, Tortilla Soup made fresh each day and don't forget Chile Relleno Friday.17 years family owned!!
Warwick is among the finest basses ever.
Warwick is my first choice whenever  wherever I play.
They're well worth the money.
ya ya dont be mad cuz ur team lost :p
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms, Grandmoms, Aunties  other Special Women out there sharing that Motherly Love!
Thankyou!
I DO Check Out My professorle And You Will See I Do !
I DO!
I DO!
Beleve IN Kenny Chesney.......LOL
...I either want a Benz or a Beamer Outkast
My baby comin home: cant wait!!!!!
An angel from the devil.
Responded to FIRE  2242 85 Street, Brooklyn, NY 11214.
Red Cross auto update.
MLB radio is easily worth 20 bucks a year.
This poem that I'm writing may never end...
I hope audiences and readers will contemplate much after reviewing it.
Thanks will c if I can get it 2 u by christmas!!!
It is so hard to get out of bed when the cool spring air is coming in through our open windows.
Connecticut Ave NW northbound closed at N St.
due to police activity.
chillin bruh.
We should link up sometime man.
U get a new phone?
Nope.
Still misses the point, which is the need to express desired changes in terms of biz value, not technology.
Could be because Walker is the incumbent?
when i look into your eyes i know that it's true god must have spent a little more time on you
this girls legs is on the line tonight doc.
So happy it's mine and my loves 8 months today it's been so amazing I can't wait to see her today
well not finished
lets do it ill be your sponsor
Working on a Rails API.
Anyone have resources for good auth strategies?
Using SSL but don't want to reinvent the key signing process.
I Am More Than My Next Meal
Who is trying to win the Action Item Prize Pack from us?!
Hidden Park Photo Shoot?
Thanks for the FF!
Know those girls that try to act cute during class and like say stupid shit to get attention?
Its like just shut up your annoying as fuck.
It's official.
I have peony envy.
I think I'm stressed.
May the fourth FF   because these three make up part of my rebel alliance.
Now they just eat all my food and lay around the house!
and congratulations!
The ZICO team has moved onto the finals.
Come down to AVP at 3PM to see Brooke and Lauren play!
Those Ron Paul supporters need to accept the fact that now he's gone Obama is the clear choice.
Usher Climax is about love, NOT sex!
HOES 
School thing tonight :o
LiteraryEvent 5/15 7p Books: Portland Woodshop Writers reading Whos Your Family?
a unique family storycollection
17 days until RAWconf!
Don't forget to pay your registration, email your moderator your paper, and submit for the Sherry Clarkson Prize!
looks like your account may have been hacked!
Hangin' w/ my peeps at nafsax !
, , Already had gr8 ed abroad meeting this morning.
Off 2 c

New York!
True but I thinking more along the lines of the dashboard being a replacement for the dedicated spotlight screen.
what's it called..?
is it as addicting as temple run lol
2.When go to an interview is believed the center of the universe,
The secret of life, though, is to fall seven times and to get up eight times.
Great and u
if your a 1D fan..there on Teen Nicks Obsess This right now !
:
Really enjoying from the U.S.
National Archives.
Albert Einstein's immigration papers and a plug for the census.
Hair is done!!
Woohoo!
: 
whats good with you
Asses to die for down here...
pray on it cuz
Lots of excitement in Gallatin too.
Flooding, rescues, cars under water all around me.
I'm still doctor so far.
Scanner been crazy all morn.
I think I'll be more willing to wake up if I'm not verbally abusive at 5 am
Just finished my photo shoot at the Hollywood Sign to help launch The McCracken Live!
McChristmas McSpecial this week.
Stay tuned!
please convey our prayers to all our friends there.
Thank you for caring enough to get involved.
IHateThatFeeling you get when you feel that everything is going wrong...
Our pleasure and gratitude for your important work
Happy Mother's Day, Mariann!
follow me : grancyyy : im also waiting
but I need help to Sue
Every time I read/hear about a new tech start up that is blowing up, i say to myself Why didn't I think of that?!
This trend sucks.
Always our goal for our fans: High quality, NYC style, live theatre brought to local northern NJ venues.
Limited runs.
Don't miss them.
If I sat in the stands, I'd wear my favorite color: red.
The jokes and playful banter that come forth
haha I love reading your mom quotes!
Oh canada
ure great singer
well, I live in Denmark :D.
To be honest, I don't know where the other owner lives.
Wbu?
ahh the memories...
anyone can lose weight.
it's all diet and exercise, and doing them right.
is hiring in Ft.
Lauderdale: Litigation Consulting Manager at Kaufman, Rossin  Co.
Miami/Fort Lauderdale Are
The Amy Poehler/Sarah Palin rap on SNL will never get old.
Never.
atx and h town!
My point exactly.
He has those issues and is still proving that he's worth at least some of the money he's bound to make
How the hell do you do that?
I run about 3 miles in the same amount of time.
you know ill be there
That's what she claimed, and I have no reason to doubt, if less to believe it.
Thinking of putting it in my book of anecdotes.
Shut the hell up!!
After a small snafu, dad is safely on his plane, and I'm settling in for my five hours waiting at my gate.
Guess who has a new site coming out REALLY soon?
Hi :D
Done for the night.
Trying to get home.
Big accident on 90 though:.
Hands down, Cuban and Mavs r payin these refs!!!
Rekindling old friendships!
I want the new twitter...
follow back?:
Just got an invitation to a 10year high school reunion.
Way to go North Carolina!
You guys proved all my stereotypes.
Racist homophobic freaks.
You know if there's a hell you'll all be there?
To be fair, Giggs had better vision/positioning than Carrick all yr and if Scholes is the best mid you got.
Change.
Haha.
RT : Seriously.
Ryan Hollins coaches Memphis.
It's obvious.
AAVG looking good this morning...
ASK thinning
We are from The small town of Connersville, IN.
What about you?
Are there any cool new world music bands in LA besides that we should be friends with?
We love this new winter weather, finally a plus side to global warming
I have no personal insight whatsoever into Big Papi's waistline, thank goodness
I'm officially a senior lmao
Ah my favorite tv show starts in 4 days!
neccessaryroughness 3
ha!
Well look at that
The sounds good to me!
If I were local, I'd love to check it out.
i wanted to go soo bad..
this lady invited me.
did he throw up the hooks?
We need a generation of poverty abolitionists.
Inspired by
hey dood island living is pretty awesome...
How you doin?
has awesome Adele eyes.
Don't cry!
Ninja Warrior.
What a show.
Staying beautiful is a lesson I have learned from
I seem to recall the same thing...
and the feeling was just as disconcerting that time too.
is that a jellybean jar or a diabetes hourglass?
I WANT A SCOOTER
Tonight I'm at IXTAPA Cantina 119 E.
Colorado Blvd, Pasadena, CA, starts at 8:30pm, with Roger Rod, Eric Schwartz,  Eric Blake, no door fee
Who we seeing at the Best Friends show tonight in Chicago?
Come say hey, yeah?!
pretty muddy place as I recall from the other day :o
If you're not a fan of Ryan Cabrera's On the Way Down, I'm not sure we can be friends.
Aurelien Collin scores his first of the year, fifth with KC, and 700th goal in team history!!!!
yuck don't
You know what it is shawty, forever my lil shawty.
owh''' i fine...where you stay???
So when do our good friends the Saudis help us?...i think it might be the time we pull the plug on them........hm?
A guy at Sam's burger joint just saw our flyer for Thursday night and thought it was a camel!
WTF!!!!!!!!!
We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations.Charles R.
Swindoll
Great interview with Tim, I thoroughly enjoyed it.
Why didn't you stay in Indy to watch the SuperBowl?
Latest edition of , distributed here at ASLRRA2012, features 's 150th Anniversary.
Wow!!!
Big milestone.
I swear to god why do crazy bitches follow me everywhere i go!!!!!!
The Bonner Office of Community Service, Spelman and Tree Campus USA will plant 60 trees on both campuses!
March 31  9:30 a.m.
King Chapel
ImmortalI'm mortal
Going to the mall3
Oh please
Not going to lie, not mad that left without saying bye to me.
I would have cried real tears.
thanks for the follow back!
Analyze where your customers are and what your competitors are doing before deciding which SM channel is best
pls pls pls my love follow me and answer one of my Tweets that I command you with so much love...
Looking forward to it as always.
ARGH!
VH1 and your reality television.
in my car rehearsing my song for my 11am audition singing bright light by 3 doors dwon
Just one.
Ever had the MexiDiggler with chili and cheese?
you are welcome hun!
Happy 3 and many more!
Sending out unfinished records hoping someone sees your potential is a major Fail...be a professorssional if you wanna be paid like one
If you think about it, what germs would these be?
To make room for new products, we're extending the 1075 product deals while inventories last.
We only have TWO tickets left in our giveaway for today...
SO HURRY!
Have some water.
I'll be happy, you'll be happy.
Let's get happy.
The best camera out there is the one taking pictures!
ayyy!
Y'all take a shot for me :
Trying to order sympathy flowers from FTD.
WORST cust.
service experience in a long while.
Anyone want to Uberizie the flower biz.
Please?
On tap in the hopyard on Friday for a hopyard tour w/ WI Senator Dale Schultz: Fatty Matty Brewing Chocolate Coffee Stout
Impossible is nothing.
You can work with any budget.
Just make your work so good they can't not come back for more.
HEY EVERYBODY TODAY IS MY SIS'S BDAY!
PLZ TELL HER HAPPY BDAY
House of Shock tix all week!!
Centraliasnowing 4 inches and more
My moms iPod  Caitlen's iPod.
Oops!
Never seen / read it.
Just assumed, based on the racially problematic casting...
otay : seems you are a good friend.
Let's just stay civil and please stop pursuing conflict.
Thanks
Yes.
Very cool.
For me, polisci  worldview  perspective.
3 straight baby.
I evidently have good CREDEBT.
RT : Bitter and jealous people suck!
Be happy and support one another!
showlove  aaaaaagrrreeeed smh
Thank goodness it didn't snow this winter.
;
That Should Be Me is my theme song right now....../3
The Bay Area debut of  Random Dance at :
Morning!
Back on the air this am!!!!
I love having a job that I actually miss while on vaca.
Join us won't you?
:
I think you just might be my hero.
There's still time to hit Hilldale.
:
Good morning!
Hope your week has been off to a terrific start.
Can't wait to hear from you.
Happy mothers day to all the mothers out there really being a mother and putting their kids as their 1 priority!
Goodhumored, unaffected girls, will not do for a man who has been used to sensible women.
Dear cold and rainy Chicago weather, We are not friends!
That is all.
A video camera?
Really?
You piece of shit.
Thanks mister G!
Hahahahaha of course it did.
The party stops when I leave baby!!!
Hehe
Have I been away from tweet too long...
things look different?
Members Card New York Mets ML
My health may be better preserved if I exert myself less, but in the end doesn't each person give his life for his calling?
When my IU loving son discovered Yogi Ferrell is being coached in HS by a John Calipari disciple, his opinion of Yogi doctorpped.
HA
GOP Votes Yes to Contraception for Wild Horses, No for
Tail Time starts in O18 minutes!
Read a great guest post on stubborn men on my boomer health and wellness blog: www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
I'm hungry..
what's on the menu at this hour..
Still looking for 34 students for speed interviewing next Thursday 4/19 56:30.
Practice interviewing  meet alums!
Tweet if interested.
After Party at the High Museum tonight.
Good peeps.
nice!
Congrats I see a strong following!
great business idea, good luck!
it would mean a lot if u rt and follow me plz.
11111 can't wait!
;
Wow I didn't realize Jones walked so big.
He did make Evans look like small though...
it's gossip.
no fair :
awesome!
Thanks!
I'll make a note to myself to check the site in June.
Paul Waul, let's shoot for Thursday luv!
oh you know it!
Keep the crazy in the race as long as possible.
Go team frothy!
What?
Thumb?
Arm?
but we've already done 1 day, which makes 3 left......
AB
iHateItWhen I think every status is about me.
Also rock me abberderius
The Black Eyed Keys are so so good!
Get the most out of that new camera you invested in.
We can help you develop your skills with personalized individual or group training.
I wanna talk to nick so bad, but ik he's busy at prom.
Ugh.
FML
I'm such a closet space nerd, especially concerning Mercury, Gemini  Apollo.
Need a communications or lobbying man??
Gopinath: Thinking through the mobilization of regional imaginaries in a queer diasporic and transnational context.
I'm never scared, they never real, I never run When all is said and done, more is always said than done...
experience, from Spain.
that's the cost of plastic bags at checkout  nearly all buyers are deterred by a trivial two cents.
Head of Technology at FOX is presenting at LiNC Cool stuff.
Many interesting B2B and B2C social opportunities.
SweetNightmares Bummy it was great today when we hung out !
Mods kick ass!
:P
As a middle aged voyeur, I don't see a concensus amongst protesters.
Makes it hard to show support.
Need more focus.
Milk shake and fries from Steak  Shake.
Thanks!
I mean, it's no L.A., but I'm pretty excited about it.
:
I was going to say something but you get so defensive about it!
Eddie O is right  too many low shots against Smith.
If the Hawks can get shots up, the space is there
It feels realy good to sleep in till 10
Nobody ik, knows the original Still a Nigga song
kinda slacked today working out..
sadtweet barelybrokeasweat /
The Avengers!
Yay!
Happy mother's day to my beautiful mother Debbie and all the other great moms out there!
Love you moms!
shut up b4 i  you in your  ....
i bet you seeing little boxes right now lol
National Rally For Trayvon Martin in Sanford FL March 26 at 4pm City Hall.
Call Allen Chapel AME Church 407 321 6864.
Thanks Aakash, for setting u0p a great meeting!
RT : Things End .
But Memories Last Forever .
Its just been awesomeness lately for bros  I've got to get them to play in NYC!
that is one of my favorite songs, EVER!!
and I just has a lovey dovey stare that couples do : ILoveYouBaby!
Fun fun
story of my life : : Now I am on twitter and spotify : what would we do without the internet?
:
We're glad to have you!
RT : finally tried out for dinner last night with Defintiely two thumbs up!
Al harrington look like a skinny ass debow of friday
DONT DO IT ED!
X
Good morning my Pretties...and your little dogs too!!
Muhahahahaha!
Seski wonder why hanging upside down on rock so interesting.
Then friend from McKenzie Outfitter help Seski hang right way.
Go Ducks!
sdlff12 watched El Hombre De Al Lado last night...Loved it, and didn't imagine that ending!
ended up rooting for the neighbor Thanks
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.
First day of a new semester of college...
So excited.
And there's even snow!
Yippee!
Sheesh.
makeIThappen obviously time for bed.
Images of hashtags will be dancing in my head..
Don't lose hope.
When you are down to nothing, God is up to something.
I love MT.
Washington.
Neighbor just gave me 20 bricks to finish my patio and a brooklyn east India pale ale
Baseball has so many jinxes curses!
There are definitely baseball gods !!
Just read it.
and you had the same thoughts I had about the finale./ great job!!!
I frequently wonder what the male to female ratio is at an ACTUAL Sausage Fest.
I got a run in my tights, sitting in the stinkiest cab, 30 min behind schedule.
And I forgot to eat breakfast.
Pray for me, it's only Monday
Heading to bed early tonight  resting up to scope out the Mystic Outdoor Art Festival in the morning!
Getting me some pampering at Girly Time!
Waiting for gun shots like waiting for Idol results...
JustDoItAlready!
will c ms Beauty
ha, classic!
I guess it's every man for himself in KC since the homicide rate is so high.
follow limit
Acquire the Fire next week in Abq!
Leeland, R.
Swift  Jimmy Needham  School of Worship.
Legacy Church Friday  Saturday 3/11  3/12.
hell noo !
you cudnt even if you tried lol
It's BRING A FRIEND Week here at Wild Workouts  Wellness!
Bring a friend with you to class...for FREE through this Saturday!
doing great now that DWTS is on.
when is your next event?
Guys.
I don't ship Nemi.
Last RT was an LOL but I'm wondering if any of that's true.
recalls the time Larry Nugent said when Liz Carroll plays, it sounds like there are three fiddlers in the room.
It is her keeping time ...
Broken water main in the building  my weekend starts in 15 minutes.
Why does the bathroom at work smell like margaritas?
I guess I'll just have to lay in bed and play with it for the rest of the night ; 
is announcing the first participant in the 2012 Main Field today, and he's under 30.
Any guesses?
remember the 80's?
Stir up stretch pants!
Related ,Take note hipsters, bet we'll see em make a comeback.
:
Hate studying for math tests /:
I love the ...
stupid little weirdo...
part from the Bosa quote.
Spoken like a 6'5 260 lb man.
why does Kansas/self struggle in the tourney?
Twitter is beyond any folksonomy you can come up with.
Yes, you, tagging queen.
All things at first appear difficult.
o New blog post: The Magic, The Memories and Us at www.eartothere.com/blog  check it out!
He thinks my Tractors Sexy!
nope its not
Graffiti rss to manage social network postings across twitter, facebook and linkedin
I'm trying, Ringo.
I'm trying real hard to be the shepherd.
Well, then it's time to get dangerous together!!
RE: Just realized is dangerously close to my new abode
At DHS Community Engagement Meeting improvement childwelfare in
First enthusiastic standing ovation I've seen in a while at a conference.
JC Biver is an amazing speaker on innovation, leadership
People who air their relationship doctorma for all the world to see on Twitter and Facebook are obnoxious.
Hope you combined the two!
;
Make it or break it !
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
Super excited to take the fall 2012 students to next week!
New shipment of I survived a night on the Party Bus tshirts just arrived!
Get yours while supplies last.
www.okcpartybus.com 447.2446
In a twilight zone...zone 6 do be exact...
Thanks again for the leatherfeather love.
Agreed.
And it's simply just time to evolve.
They don't need handholding anymore.
Booking for Red Digital Cinema.
Shoots tomorrow.
Amazing.
I know im not going away forever, but I won't be home and you aren't gonna spend time with me
Feeling better than I ever did.
Impossible doesn't exist.
Tonight is the night!
17 more days left of school
thanks for the follow.
Keep us in mind for your events!
RememberRapWhen CNN and MOBBDEEP was running
Last night I had a blast seeing my friend Tarik Lowe rock it in Supporting Characters at
your so kewl
yes, please thank you.
Why do the people that should never reproduce have the most kids?!?!
Aced it LikeAboss B
Librarians: Nature's Pedants
I'm officially a city biking badass.
Took my first fall.
Brands are social...
But they need you to let them get out there
RedSox BlueJays start a 3game series tonight.
Could Felix Doubront be the first Sox starter to pick up a win?
I wanna go tanning today but i will die of a heat stroke.
either you've tweeted that before or copied that tweet.
Wow I'm on twitter too much
pdxMindShare was great tonight.
Thanks!
Watching Fireproof.
I Love this movie.
Wow.
Gotta give cards credit.
No Siva.
Shady calls.
Still somehow up 1
TeamUSA All The Main Ones are In !
:
oh don't worry we will be what are you doing now
Right handed people live, on average, nine years longer than lefthanded people.
NO!
Well I wouldn't mind being in Taylor Swift, er, I mean, um, that's interesting.
RT : Mitt Romney: We are in a financial crisis of debt that threatens America, which is why, I'll lower taxes for the rich.
I saw them last year.
They're dope as fuck in concert
I LOVE love love love running in the morning!!!
At the doctor :/
I love them, but Jared hates them.
RT : Lima beans are the bomb.
Glad to hear you enjoyed our Tortas.
Which one was your favorite?
I keep hitting follow limit, I'm sorry to those who aren't followed back.
I will try again ASAP !
I hate limits :
Great news!
Roger Clemens to be indicted for perjury.
Couldn't happen to a nicer guy!
CrossFit peeps like them, other people, not so much!
:
So, do the polling people who call folks who still have land lines not expect them to skew conservative?
Then again, I know polls are lies.
And a logical person would take that statistic and think...
Perhaps he should've played more minutes.
haha how could you not!!?
...
Wow!
Such a loaded question!!
I have about 8 answers so far and none of them are nice!
Rockin' L.A.
at 's Ahmanson Theatre, Rock of Ages at
is this your first?
Thank you, Mark!
I'm pretty bummed, but excited to head to PTown as the summer approaches!
:
A gift for a little brother  Vancouver Sun
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.
Philippians 4:13
You made my heart melt but I'm cold to the core
awesome!
see you there saturday :
just mowed the lawn for the first time.
only took 19 years to do it
what's your boy's response to the 20 game??
And how sad I am to be challenging a kid?
No!!!!!!
Emily's mom has all the windows down.
There goes my hair.
anytime friend.
DM for my number whenever you need it.
Females could put the fbi and out of business if they really wanted to
aam2011 virtual conference: our newest challenge for teaching 21st century learners: digital natives vs.
digital immigrants
I have so much to get done in twenty days
Yay I'm a  VIP TOP RETWEETER   Get on the 305Train!!!
Follow RIGHT NOW!!!
Great way of putting losing weight.
I'm a personal trainer and its hard explaining there is no easy way like their hoping!
By working faithfully eight hours a day, you may eventually get to be boss and work 12 hours a day.
Anonymous Quotes Self Discipline
thanks for suggesting that folks follow me.
happy friday!!
: Blazers 100, Bulls 89: FINAL Just another upset on this crazy Friday of basketball.
Way to go Blazers!
wow, this movie is really really dated.
Gum in the doctorer
Aye and haha yea i was freaing fangirling so hard..he wants meh
Horrified to admit I sort of liked listening to that awful Creed song.
oO

Cool School day !!!!
That's make me super happy!!!
That was quite interesting.
lol
InSchoolTheresAlways that in the closet jesusfreak...
oh wait, that was me...
Actually, yes.
But Alpine has great beer and fried pickles.
SERGE IBAKA!
the man!
to start hating someone you loved for so long, is such a sour feeling.
RT : Rick Perry: I 'heart' the 10th Amendment.
Spring's in the bag.
15 more classes to graduation!
Wordpress needs to learn to recognize Janeite
agreed, there are so many things to take into consideration.
I still think a little done well  a lot poorly.
Yay!
RT : Vegas fashion happenings tonight.
Keep up w/ LV fashion stylist  blogger  I as we tweet live!
How did you like it?
Morning!
Apparently we need to meet up at some point about a serger.
Quess who made ah twitter?
;p
You don't tell an angry chick to relax it ALWAYS makes her more mad pissed relax while I shove my foot up your ass
Lost my phone in my apartment.
Had to install Google Chat plugin to call it from my browser
Hair Tip: Sleep with a silk/ satin scarf or pillow case because cotton absorbs moisture and causes breakage.
CAN'T WAIT!!
TOP25CartoonSeriesOfAllTime Family Guy : :
what's up with Ray Lewis?
Google Quote: At Google, one of our beliefs is to focus on the user and all else will follow.
SierraDNA  db navigator.
Search interface looks at names of tables/ views.
good way to figure out whe the data you want lives.
Oh technology...
you suck balls.
Paper is done!!
While I wish I could have another month, it is what it is and I am mega proud!
Fuck the unexpected, I just did what I projected
Love the happynewyear google doodle...
Do you plan on dancing in a apple store as a tribute to SteveJobs?
Americans want action for their money.
They are fascinated by its selfreproducing qualities if it's put to work.
I grew up in So.
Cal.
in the 70s so I'm certain it was long before he was even thought of!
LOL
I would ask him for a glimpse at my twins..just until I get there.
dubstep and metal are the only ways to exercise!
well i'm gonna make you 2 on your next birthday!
with these extra shots of espresso im feellinn real good!
HammerTime!
Cool  see you then.
I've never felt such loyalty to a TV show before.
Let's go !
Could Dick Morris get any more loathsome?
You know when the feeling ain't mutual.
lol i definitely won't!
You home?
It is always questionable...
haha.
what do you mean how does it work?
It's an electronic book.
doctornk in my cup
bukan 3rd class, NO class at all!
Anxiety, fatigue, helplessness, confusion and preoccupation are just a few symptoms of grief.
I am a proud QoH.
Tip of the day: looking both ways prevents both time wasting and car attacks
A quick reminder that is an exhibitor at this years Western Veterinary Conference.
Come by booth 1672 and meet the team!
welp back to the doctors...
ughh 
100 giving up your desires on this Earth to fulfill God's will 100
are you excited to come to Florida?!
askZayn FollowMe : 16
did only you get this tweet?
Thanks for the RT :
Watched The New Girl w/ Zooey Deschanel.
I was desperate for another sitcom, but was kinda disappointed in the pilot episode.
You are making me laugh tonight.
I'll DM you later
Just nine months to wait to see what happens next on Lost!
Learning to code, and then, moving to Canada.
So, how did the show go this morning??
:
thank youu Haha I don't always listen to the radio, but when I do, I listen to Warm98.
hey kasey, thanks for the tweet.
Have you been playing any racquetball?
Whats your Facebook?
The idea behind remembering the birth of G.
Washington: for some reason, in the middle of February we will have a 3day weekend.
on my phone I guess it didn't upload right
Talked to my mom this morning..
she said her and my dad were DYING when i sent them that text ; hahahhah
is getting ready for work tomorrow..
Paxil?
check.
Xanax?
check.
Straight Jacket?
check.
Sanity?
Sanity?
oh boy
i know u was tweetin that goofy shit im on dat wit u
I have a lot courage and also fear, somethings i want to do but o can't because i can't find the right words
Vatican spokesman: Pope's meeting with Fidel Castro was very cordial and Fidel says he was watching trip since Pope landed in Cuba
So your the rapper alive huh?
Holla at yours truly and get ur buzz up stronger
Dear Weekend, please come faster so i can party with my friends: Love Always, ME!!!
you ass whole u went with out me
Revolutionary Cleaning join twitter, now you can follow us here for updates and cleaning specials offers.
We will be in Musician's Corner this afternoon!
Try and head out.
You might be in for a surprise....
I knew it was her ole ARTISTIC azz
A thriller is a movie where an ordinary man is pushed to save the world or he will die.
woke up to 2 loud Salvadorian outside my room this morning...
No need for my alarm today lol
glad you're enjoying!
xbox live account expired midgame during Duty
tonight for birthday celebration.RT : Where my atl followers at?
What's goin on tonight?
delicate rootsiness of what Chris Jeffries is creating.
thanks for following money.
I'll follow you back.
Glad you had a good time!
RT What a wonderful art filled day!
First then AUSO  AU Chorus!
Great work all around.
Harrison I don't have your number to talk!
But facebook me or email me and we shall talk about it!
On from noon to 1pm today to discuss the campaign to privatize and defund public education: vouchers, charters, austerity.
Tune in.
RT : TheSourHour feat: the sounds of live from
your right....
Bears on the clock, they will pick whoever the commish announces for me rather than what Twitter says.
Me and moving all these beavy things
Do I really have to root my doctorid to remove all the pre installed crap ware?
Omg I lost 45 pounds for practically doing nothing xD
If you don't doctorve your business, you will be doctorven out of business.
B.
C.
Forbes
pray for julina that nothing happens to her.
thanks for being such great hosts last week, we had a great and productive time!
Artest is talking about little things we can't really see...
The voices in his head probably see them though
Some areas I just can't pull out my phone.
Your poor if you have well phones.
and i woke up like hugh hefna
Lots of empty seats they will be disappointed
ilovewhen i see skool kids going ape shit on the cheese bus !!!
especially on fridaYS ALMOST LIKE THEIR ON METH
yawn...
HERE we come georgia!!!!
um, you only just started following me 
Research and Markets: Corporate Hospitality Market Report 2012
in a meeting and really want one of the brownies sitting on the table.
haha my six year old cousin told me his girlfriend was 26 and super sexy .
haha
Sex is legal lol RT Things are funner when they're illegal and on the down low.
Lol
One of my over shirts has a hole it in.
I can give it to him as a gift!
thank you!
Happy Friday to you!!
hit me on voxer
Adding Twitter to Facebook.
Wow, I love technology!
You, sir, have excellent taste in film : I'm a very big fan of Sofia's work.
Those sorts of finds are the best.
Would love if the NCE in question was The Waste Land.
Trying to come up with something clever to amuse you, but my brain is too lazy right now, so have a good night and sweet doctorams ;
Thanks for telling me to boldly go to the social security website.
Wish I had, but your ads in the office make waiting better!
Pau hana.
Heading down to the soft launch.
Anyone else?
seriously why are brands separated, sales people slow,  prices nontransparent?
It's officially time to change the game!
DEATH CRAB
Far more seemly were it for thee to have thy study full of books, than thy purse full of money.
John Lyly
Glad you liked it : Great blogs like this are too good not to share :
it's a hand doctorer!
Hey don't worry I'm sure ur meet some Lovatics on here :
Don't believe everything you think.
nothing...u?
btw the song rocks 3...
:P
Wtf STL sold the Cardinals  the Rams?
Some body say it aint so....please.
BWpkwy North slowing  report of a crash at 450 in the left lane
Wat station maybe i can listen
LA HIP HOP / RB radio station 98.2 The Beat now on Adva Mobile!
Text get982thebeat to 88704.
finished Inner Circle, good story, was that the end or will we hear more about Clementine and Beacher in another novel?
Can't believe my middle school chorus career is over
Can't wait for the Grammys to be over so I can enjoy social networking again
We take the Risk and Liability off you or your company...
Available 24/7/365  Free Estimates  Crime  Trauma Scene Cleaners
What do you think of a narrow ai system that creates intellectual products and services and distributes them for people
you would have to fax in a valid prescription from your doctor for Seroquel XR ?mg 30 tablets.Then we ship it
Seth Rogan not meant for action movies.
Sorry buddy.
Perfect wordplay RT I don't got time for games.
If you aint retired, don't holla.
Done with my classes for this semester.
Will call you tomorrow and we can discuss.
no need to get that tic yet ;
new years eve at murphy's law in sunnyvale.
come on out.
What do you get when you cross a smurf with a cow??
Blue cheese!
Just bought Puddle of Mud's Come Clean album, best decision of the night!
I would tweet and wish her a happy mother's day if she were using Twitter  but she's cooler than 140 characters.
Such comments motivate us.
Thanx ..much love RT : Shout out to for the dope a app
Teaching Channel Turn your students into History Detectives to analyze and weigh historical evidence.
bit.ly/r4IMb2
Yes, mc is telling the story as an old man looking back over his life.
Bye bye
Tribe needs to string some hits together
You know what's fun?
Not watching the NBA.
Monthly fried chicken and Champagne dinner ?
Sign me and up!
Hello everyone on tweeter
Fair enough.
OFFICIALLY DONE WITH AP TESTING!
HALLELUJAH!
Graduation where are you!?!?!
you dawg you
Exactly!
The power of images
Coming to Florida?
Today is known as Taco Tue but Polito's sounds AMAZING!
We should suggest Taco pizza to be added to their menu!
Your thoughts?
Today's red isn't it?
I meant to remind you!
You'll have to let me know what your BFF says.
Make money online is a huge niche and there is an enormous number of people who are interested in it
Perfect session to help me rethink my digital life
Pretending to be writing something in class so the teacher won't call you.
Macaron day love for
Nervous about my Ogt scores :/
I don't see how Batman gets ready so fast....
Thanks so much for following guys!
UTH made presentation at the Outboard Motor Club reaching out to invite more boats to the Boat Parade, Nov 20.
Noted for future reference!
She's gonna be bad
I Love the idea of extending the experience, creating a community outside the institution.
splendid!
Sweaters and doctorssing rooms, not jerseys and locker rooms.
Got it!
9RoundMinute: 15 Burpees paired with 15 Push Ups  that burn is your friend!
LETS GO!!
Aw dayum dayum dayum james!Why don't they give Nielsen boxes to REALPEOPLE?!
I JUST forgave ABC for
thanks for the mention :
What is the meaning of life?
where the fuck u been????
TY!
Thats great!
I Love it!
RT I've gotten a lot of compliments on your thoughts and have referred them to you
They are messengers of overwhelming grief and of unspeakable love Washington Irving
LAST DAY!!!
We are running away from....we are, we are.
A gourmet who thinks of calories is like a tart who looks at her watch.
James Beard
im so going to that with my 2 bestest gleek friends this next week!
Banks owned  450,000 properties as of March 31, with another 2 million loans in some stage of foreclosure.
How did the BBC captainon that photo Three Mice and not make a blind mice pun?
Isn't this a British news service?
Twitterfacebook
kicks off tomorrow in rva at the be sure to follow for details on results.
it was so rude!
It's important to get an idea of how devices  software are used and how they can be used in your own environment by visiting other schools
mind telling us what a pink dolphin is lol
Okay!
job interview starts now!
I hate watching movies on regular tv commercials take away from it
Woodbridge.
I'm from Stafford though.
You?
you def should
What do you do in winning time dirk
House Defense Bill Funds Programs Pentagon Wanted To Cut huffpost 'Cause the economy's not bad enough.
Let's waste MO'  !!!
Blow the whistle!
S/O make sure you follow his sexy ass bring wild swag to the SC STREETS
Chicken wings.
can't find any if your songs on my music app lol pissingmeoff we need to fix this
dang keyboard lol
any pictures of that??
lol
It really is such a brilliant show!!!!!!
G and I loved it!!!
just said to 3 yr old: It is not my job to clean up after you!
WTFamItalkingabout?
I ain't talking paintings and sculptures in my last tweet.
This rainy looking weather needs to go away nowww ..
I want to watch some cardinal baseball tonight !!
agreed it is the new banana and breakfast of champions
Sum people on twitter need more den 140 character to air out there problems
So kind, Lorna, thank you!
Wishing you a wonderful weekend.
...
Quinn is an evil genius!
She's like a female version of me when I was in high school..
;
wait i just checked theyre playing tomisterrrrowww!
Family Sunday!: RT : Hi tweedos  what's everyone up to today?
Sunday funday :
Gillette is coming out with a razor with 21 blades.Which is perfect because I always wanted to shave my pubes and eyebrows at the same time.
Its all abt MT : I still say we r movin up n Dallas now.
We have Now u know.
You eat a lot, yet you still stay thin and good looking;
That calls for a 2day suspension without pay.
This just in...the ladies in Miami are pretty.
RT : Cardealers how do you protect your assets??
We supply both industry leading solutions 
FEATURES: BlackBerry 10: 5 features we find really interesting
when someone is two faced.
i dont like the pretend friendship game.
Somebody is hacking me.
I'm so sorry guys.
I'll do my very best to find out who.
fact it's like she went down south and bought 50 burnouts at once lmao
Cool!
Any day b4 the 15th works best!
I have a show july 14th and the elbo room, fyi
Reading Tar Baby and Invisible Man concurrently.
Don't think my brain was prepared for so much literary greatness in one dose.
Nobody is developing nucular weapons.
Nuclear perhaps.
Know the difference.
miss seeing you on American Idol
Good call, Jill.
The Victory is the best b/c it has no wifi.
the true idiot is the cry baby whl thinks they deserved something they didn't earn.
Congrats bitch ass 9er fan.
Mariano says he'll come back.
I think this injury added a year onto his career.
He would've retired this year if he was healthy
Odee doctorma for no reason ...
Nope!
My iPhone is naked until I design  order it.
It's forcing me to really think effectively and quickly.
Just my holster case!
Ofcourse!
I speak the truth love.
Really wana go to South Side next year:/
it's for the best, she would have wanted it that way.
Omg my hair almost locked up
I just found out where you're performing in MD.
I'll be there :
Really?
I don't see the resemblance.
Mike seems like the quiet guy of the clubhouse to me.
welcome back T
I live it when undergrads make such statements unselfconsciously
They cancelled my radiation appt 2day bc the machine is down.
So I wont be done 2morrow.
Last treatment is Monday.
A practice in
Im thinking, after the vid, ill release two calendars with anime 3d models, one sexy and one naked
Will be out filming our promo tomorrow...you may see us on the streets asking people to say, Tell my story!...
Could it be you?
Thank you so much for the support!
I'm so excited to interview Tito, and am now on the hunt for a fiscal sponsor!
Woo!!!
kmsl he so stupid he rly just gonna sit ona phone : .
let me RT all them lakers fan reaction from this lost tonight..
RT : Counting down to the Emmy Awards.
Yes, I won the hungergames in da park today.
But at 12, the real show goes down!
no.
Its juniors take seniors out.
Naps in class 
Hey CBS students: Outrageous Business Plan Competition info soon to be released...
stay tuned!
RT : A seat at the table matters.
Where women sit affects where women, as a whole, stand in our society.
Hm...I think we didn't say hello yet today.
So....hello!!
So is this Friday Spinal Tap Day?
Or what significance do we assign to ElevenElevenEleven ?
One of our favorites, The Civil Wars, is about to hit Letterman.
Tune in to right about now!
awww well miss you too :
One word to describe Wade tonight?
I want to keep encouraging your Bishop.
Former young man from Decatur, Illinois.
You helped me to doctoram big sir!
im truly sorry..Phil was my nigga  it hurts 2 hear about him like this  it hurts that it was so close 2 another friend of mine
Nice.
Born is comfy.
A big thanks to for coming in to talk about donatelife month.
I am motivated to donate next week, let's all help save lives!
Today we celebrate the birthday of a special man and a true music legend : JAMES MOODY!
Watching the PGA..
Because despite my outer appearances..
It appeals to my 'innerconservative white guy' side.
;O
oh and I want to go to the movies tomorrow.
:
this is one bridge i should've burned long ago
what time you work?
Final trailer in 13 days!
thank you so much for ypur tweet.
So thoughtful and kind of you.
All new subscribers since December were entered into a contest to win a 500 gift card.
The Lucky winner is Laurie A.
Congratulations!!
yayaya get it
well I asked if you wanted to come over and swim but you said you wanted to sleep.
I know, right?!
lol!
This week I am going to try to use the word jape at least once a day.
So, if you hear it coming up more in a week/month/or so, it's all me.
last episode you will like it
wmnldoctor.
Pat/Xerox say take calculated risks and never stop learning
God Bless and be safe Gio!
I'm curious now what movie they're talking about.
Haha!
AskPierceTheVeil I lost..
Im sitting on the couch
This is so stunning!
lol!
no worries.
great fodder for disciplinary jargon discussions.
but yours is good, too
No need for that if u handle your bizness on the first 3!
Just missed you there...So full...
Ah, as in someone wrote it that way in their resume?
yeesh!
Heat vs Bulls D rose Question mark?
It IS a delicious doctornk.
Ok, one more paper to do!
let's go!
Can't wait
friends is such a good fucking show, i love it lol
Maybe a nap
thanks for being there!
I'm still looking for an icetea and nap post ASTD2012 good luck.
I'm here to help.
Updating my website www.futurexclusives.com
OMFG!!
Hope it comes out to be amazing!!!
:
Love the vegan donuts!!
at ParkVine
I feel like every time I log onto twitter, I'm playing Where in the World is ?
Thanks Chris, appreciate the business!
RT : Once again, flawless service at store 2225 at 4800 Watt Ave.
Thanks!!!
Just a reminder, we're always buying books at Random Row.
Why pay for a therapist when the best therapist comes free
No worries!!!
I'll happily enjoy my sammie enough for the both of us ;
Stop by our table to meet reps , , ,  talk our new socialmedia masters program
if you haven't become a fan on facebook, then head on over there.
Where is the warm weather????
OMG YEAHH!!!
I hope in person !!
Hahhaha bcuz we need to hangout!: I still can't believe I ran into you !
All menswear is now 50 off!
Orgasmically low prices on men's jackets and coats, jackets and shirts, hats, belts, wallets, and jeans.
A new group of Emerson College kids graduates today.
I'll see them all once they move to LA,  we'll scream at each other about the traffic

we love what you've got going on  we'd love to tell our story someday.
Bootstrapping is our middle name.
I need sleep!
LOLOL goodnight!
Me cotton chipping in Aus so I could pay the rent...
then 2 days later, finding out I was getting deported.
Oops
It was the height of the Depression..who turns down free money?
They wanted a spectacle of a trial and they got one..they lost and I won..
Your most important issue each day is not what's happening around you; it's what's happening within you.
Amy E.
Dean
CWrite, what's the deal with GsK my brutha?
I'm throwing money at my screen...
i can't look at you anymore
Ah algebra test tomorrow
Here I am again!
And if I have to, ill beat the fuck out of her too.
: Randy Owen?
Am I right?
whatdoiwin yes!!!
Correct!!
how about a t shirt!
Message me your size an addoctorss!
yes yu can , ;D
details definitely cool
Iced tea of the day is an allergy fighting powerhouse!
Blend of honeybush, spearmint, chrysanthemum, and orange peel super refreshing.
20ThingsAboutMe I'm waiting for the girl of my doctorams to show up.
Urban supper tonitestuffed squash blossoms, stokesberry herby wings, avocado burger!
Change of plans....KFWB segment postponed To Be Announced...
Bring Back Ringer 19
now we're conversing a bit.
Correction  one is a Marine.
He should ask for my number but its against the rules.
Dear Austin, it sucks to know that I will always just be another fan to you.
tehhhhee : im wearing my rainbow six tomisteroww
Im excited !
You're coming !!!
Reading 'The Little Stranger,' Sarah Waters, for a library book club.
Downright gothic!
No.
: I just plan to spend the evening relaxing and maybe watch some American Idol.I'm reading a book too.How bout u?
nw Cabin in the woods!....
Finally
I've always been insecure, but I never used to be jealous  now when I see a really pretty girl the little bit of self esteem I have is gone
it has everything, even a bag of gum.
This is one of those weekends where I say I need a weekend from my weekend.
One night i went home crying fell asleep with tears and woke up with them still pooring from my eyes
le holds you I CAN'T EVEN OKAY I CAN'T BREATHE I'M SITTING HERE LAUGHING AND GETTING WEIRD LOOKS OMG I CAN'T.
A lady should never, poop, burp, fart, pick any put of the body in front of her man.
Have some class, ladies!
I love God, Easter, and Chocolate in that order.
Hahaha...
umm..
dude...
Number 3 wears an A for the Coyotes.
Gabby just crushin pre game waters, hope NYR shows up tonight
Dude...I think you're taking 's real world comments the wrong way.
that judge read them charges and it hit him...
life...
Welcome!
I'm the NYC Community Manager for and I just followed you there.
1 for picking a great place to start with.
Good Job Clippers.
On to the next one.
Not condoning fighting at any age but we all go through growing pains
EATING LIKE I NEVER ATE BEFORE..
help!lmaoo
great to chat!
Nerd soon?
hey pink i love your song s
Lacy is back and he gets burned right off the bat.
He looked like the DBs for Penn against Carmel.
have i tweeted about him tho?
I barely get on here...
Its just an affair right now i wont tell the public til the ring lol
I'm in lovve with THE SONG
great playlist!
The world may never be the same if u ever left us!
I wish u weren't so stubborn, let us in please!
Final 15 minutes for Erick Weber Fan Page  what a ride it's been!
Think what you feel cuz ur feelings don't think
Somebody's readin.
In 2008, we ranked in top 20 NY St...circulation surpassing schools like Buff St, W.
Pt, Cortland, RPI,  Niagara Univ
Been hearing and reading about how grand SxSW was.
Seems to me like this year was all about bands from yesterday not very exciting to us
I always feel the need to update my closet.
With the platoon advantage and the tendency to hit FBs, there's an argument for it.
Let's get Bucksrebuild trending on twitter.
Malta needs a secular Constitution
Hope my homie get better dat in da hospital ..
It definitely is getting the word out.
Already 1600 people have downloaded it.
.
congrats on being on the back page of TLS!
with Poetry of the Taliban
RT  paulpfi: watch New England Patriots vs Miami Dolphins live NFL FOOTBALL FREE STREAM VIDEO ONLINE ESPN360 BROADCAST
sure whats the favor?
x
So when they point the finger you flip one back and say fuck that, Fuck that!!!
They wanna see blood they wanna see hate like an AK
Strong winds today making it a challenge  slowing the repair process.
No more appointments are available for today.
eat a potata chip
i gotta listen to all my dick friends that are jet fans all week if we win this game were fucken steam rolling..
My parents home in foreclosure.
Focus on my career track?
Role reversal depression killing me.
I can't help?.?
Meeting some new businesses The small business room
Loving spring semester.
Its not bad at all.
As a sculptor molds me, shapes me, forms me My soul vies desperately from within Breaking through the hardening rock I'm expected to be.
The Badgers football team looks good and seeing Russell Wilson out there was an added bonus.
shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin!
Follow her tell me and i give you a shoutout K
So close to vacation and a trip back to Maryland I can taste Memorial Day steamed crabs and a cold Natty Boh.
Shelf Check tagline is May you work the ref desk in interesting times.
I'm pretty sure we do.
:
I heard what happened.
I hope you feel better!
:
Next thing you know I'll be complaining about the Pony Express.
lol um it's cute
Come hear the original jazz today at the Green Mill as part of the monthly CJCC series.
2 PM.
July and August of 2010 VI collected the areas of San Marcos Texas, Houston Texas Metro and West Houston Texas.
that sounds like a great project.
The As are fascinating.
I saw you!
Added.
we agree 100
Thanks for the FF, Mike!
Explains Y our 2yo is saying I'm crying bc I'm angry!
: Watching The Feelings Show w/my girls courtesy of 
Basketball season is always fun around here.
Had a great time with 
Wait a minute, Scrimshaw is the number 11 hot google trend.
How did all of those eskimos 1800s whalers get onto the internet?
Don't wanna go to school.
I just wanna sit on the couch and watch tv and eat some good delicious food!
At PPS waiting 4 budget vote, point of no return for Tubman Parents fighting closure.
u can see me on tv in front row tvreporter now
Pickup Line: Do you have a mirror in your pocket, cuz i can see myself in your pants
Brewers game last night with a great win and checked out the Mitchell Park Domes today with family in from out of town.
Awesome week so far
I'm just so upset right now.
RandomThoughtOfTheDay if we don't conform to what is deemed 'right' in life is that where the word outcast comes in?
Thanks for the love!
it honestly isn't I'm counting the days!
better get ready for us!!
Used to be the three muskateers of study hall until found a new friend.
now its just me and .
Oh and jessie;
UGH those hangovers were epic!
The only thing funnier would e when they had 71...
Why do spanishladies feel the need to feed other peoples dogs?
Seriously Whose dog eats corn
Haha most definitely man.
Gotta make it an awesome dedication to our boy!
mister John Pants would be a little insulted.
But he's probably rich, so who cares.
An Italian opera librettist from Venice
Can we bring Crow back in?
you need to come back!
apparently flights cost a million dollars to go to Orlando right now.
Erik Komatsu anagram: RISK  MAKE OUT.
...another pick bites the dust.
Worldwide, it is estimated that about 162 million adults use marijuana at least once per year, and 22.5 million use the doctorg daily.
True.
I have a soft spot for DWTS.
Especially when it reminds me of music I love.
Damn, Smokey!
Voice still gives me chills.
LOL!
Hope the suffering has now stopped over there.
:P
When my mama believe teachers over me I be like seriously you just met this bitch NoLoyalty
That awkward moment when girls just have no clue what's going on.
who paid you to tweet that shit Stuart?
Awful
There we go Celtics!
Let's get another big win on sunday!!
Everyone have a great friday...
Its almost the weekend!
Gotta get a picture w my mom today.
then hopefully you end up on a tv show and get paid for them looks lmao
good that Chicha has been barred from the Olympics, more of the same for other players if selected for it.
Le Olympics can fuck right off!
I JUST heard you sing!!
The first one I heard was your One Thing cover and wow!
You and your friend are incredibly talented!
So what is the deal with Grant leaving GH?!?!?
the girl in the mv damn cute.
but the boy like no no
I'm addicted to FB and Twitter again today.
Darn it!
Ok, going to get the house all clean.
I'll be back !
please keep talking, I like when you blow up my newsfeed.
I NEED A NEW LABTOP.
THIS ONE IS CRAP .
Who was in charge of security outside??
Thank God we are finally inside!!!
I know exactly what you mean.
I get the same feeling when I write a check.
i did spit on it soundcloud.com/youngeighty
Paper beats rock!?
I'll throw a rock at you and you protect yourself with a piece of paper.
Lets see who wins.
EVERYONE my account has been hacked.
Do not click on the link about rumors...and know that I wouldn't spread rumors about you anyway, loves!
kEWL!I will hopefully be here,sleepy already!
But this will be Epic!
See you in a bit!
cheers lady
I was goin through your instagram photos and your making me hungry!!
straving :
THIS RT the whole Wu Tang crew
Thank you, thanksgiving , for making me feel bloated, because I really just needed that extra boost of confidence.
..
All roads lead to the WorldPremier of HeadlinerFridays at Tonight and EachAndEveryFriday  hit me up for more info!
you have more patience than I...I go from 060 at light speed.
I won't take a swing, but I'll try to yell ya to death!
or in preschool since its friday :P
come show love  support for sum of thecoldest niggaz in the mill p2  up coming show on 4/27/12 tweet back 4 info
It's raining!
And today is the first day I noticed all the leaves in bloom.
Hurrah.
Sweet!
Thanks
RT : Harmony is one phase of the law whose spiritual expression is love.
James Allen
Wonder if book my ticket yet ;
Cheap shot by World Peace.
DO A STORY ON THAT.
LAST I CHECK I AM RESONSIBLE FOR ENSURING THAT MY VEHCILES ARE REGISTERED; NOT THE COPS!
If a optimistic person has his arm eaten by a alligator, he'll just say Hey at least no one will ask if I'm left or right handed!
Matt Glantz  one of the best allaround players in world by barry greenstein.
last year 3rd/4th in 50k horse/mixed game World ch
When did the Clippers turn into five Andoctorw Bynums?
Hawaii image in by Wayne Levin
Sentencing hearing set tentatively for Aug.
18, 11 a.m.
Listening to c2c forever.
Luv the show!
Listen 15am, laying in bed!
as long as you're sending the used FedEx box to you're gonna be fine.
Its way early, but Corey Hart is off to a great start of 2012.
NowWatching Sanford  Son.
Just watching ghost adventures and thinking of asking if the hosts of the show are spirits...
As the UK prepares for the royal wedding the BBC is looking at unusual nuptials as Extreme World series.Send ur photos to .uk
thank you so much.
It was a lot of fun.
we ass anyway .
.
We have to agree, it's pretty awesome.
Have you ever tried a chicken fried steak roll?
hang with me.
Saw the prettiest cashier at kohls and didn't even say a word..
So excited!
Starving and see you soon!
XOX
it's the crash of Facebook 2011!
LOL
Sometimes the one love you can't get over is the one love you never really had.
which one mama?
2 episodes left
glad to inspire!
Eckhardt commends Apple for not seeking a handful of county tax exemptions; pushes company to provide demo details about hires
Queen Victoria Green?
referring to a stripe of quilt block.
Gosh I miss my dedicated quilt volunteers.
I just saw a commercial with Justin Bieber lounging in an Eames chair.
That is all.
Ever been in a rush, and just when ur about to open the car door, ur song came on????
Being Love!
Lol dang I missed the topic that is tweeting!!
4 of my students will be playing on DEUS EX MACHINA at Dionysus Lounge in an hour.
Come buy brand new, highly discounted hair supplies today only!
Corner of Mayall and Oakdale in Chatsworth.
Only open until 4 TODAY!
whosoever hath, to him shall be given, he shall have more abundance: but whosoever hath not, from him shall be taken away even that he hath
Did some lateral doctorlls today.
Knees felt good!
Is this a sign???
should I throw a sugar party?
I just got a work credit card.
Does this make me a grown up??
Thanks for a very informative event!
Glad housing has such strong advocates.
Do you ever go back and watch your old videos ?
They improved by a LOT, lmfao.
I never understand why I see a woman with a moustache.
What is that some Magnum P.I.
religious practice?
Shave that thing!
Lmao troya know all the hoes smh ....i swear ...
I need to start interrogating females
Heading to Jillians/ Lucky Strike Boston to shoot some pool.
Who else is there?
Hv u had any before?
It's worth the long doctorve, LOL!
Actually I found an Indonesian resto in Miami.
Despite what my sociology book says I want childoctorn now!
This game going be interesting!!
Late Cretaceous
I just don't know where to begin!
just made me think I the commercial for car insurance where the lady is doctoraming  the end it's like squirrel jail
Still trying to understand the significance of the MAT Anyone?
RT : We're gearing up for Mothers Day  our Community Baby Shower ths wknd.
What's the most important thing you learned from...
Thanks for coming out!
more fun tonight
Just saw someone offer to advertise stuff on their FB status for pay.
Just...plain....wrong.
Cattleman's Steakhouse is kicking off Orlando's 1st Ever 72oz Steak Challenge!
Saturday Nov 7th 6pm!
Supports Cystic Fibrosis of CF Charity!

We have ArchieRose Music Caps coming end of week.
Eager to get em on, get em out there.
Logo on front, treble clef on the back.
This movie giant with elizabeth Taylor and James dean is good as hell.
My gma said its her favorite movie ever.
!!!!!!: I be expectin' too much from people.
Kinda bummed that I missed out on a girls party today because I was under the weather.
But I guess it just wasn't meant to be.
Better than anger.
rock on!
U can watch the first 20 min of The Secret on YouTube.
The secret is crazy but I fully 100 believe it
you have the best job researching this stuff.
When the are on an EastCoast swing, watched Caps game w/ my boy  woke up ok the next day!
I know just can't remember her name the one that would always go to our games
www.dayzeroproject.com everyone should do it!
Sometimes when people overcome something difficult, it makes them appreciate other things on a higher level.
Augie Garrido
Need book to give Mom on Sunday!
Must think hard .
.
.
Just realized that My cover starts to hit streets today.
I am excited.
I'll be back in New Jersey June 23June 26 and I'll be celebrating a friends birthday at Albivi's on the 23rd!
Hope to see you guys there!
Want to share your tweet/blog post abt Arthur Salm, but wanted to confirm which twitter handle you prefer?
SM

o I had chicago.
Blood doctorin Angel's Story soft  hard back, ebook kindle  nook  authorhouse  barnesandnoble many more places fb aprilrenamooreauthor
Why are you trying to hide me from ?
There is plenty of Game Night to go around!
great!
I believe we're meeting at 6 in the mezzanine!
will correct me if I'm wrong
me too.
Its one of the most versatile blu ray players.
Did Tyler Perry really buy American Airlines?
Or is that a joke?
I forgot to put YoungerMe on that last tweet.
I hate having a fever .
In all honesty, I believe the Nuggets can upset the Lakers.
Bill Belichick finally upgraded in the 1st round!!
We got a DE  LB!
Thanks for the RTs!
And the encouragement!
I hope not!
Doesn't say there is...
Looking like Heat and Mavs...
What ya think?
Country concerts 
I think with the casino opening today, rta is the way to go
it's Fox Sports Network, and yeah, I should be on there.
I haven't seen the episode yet though.
Wow!
I just lost 30 pounds!
Of personal papers, to the shredder!
Mike at A shredding let me watch.
Best 5 ever!
Right smack dab in the middle of town, I found a paradise that's trouble proof.
And there's room enough for two...up on the roof.
Why yes, officer, that is beer in my cup holder.
And no, I'm not interested in sharing.
Just trying to live right and pray God takes me through
until 10 pm
They do pretty mellow shit.
GLAY has some good ballads.
Dig the track Chuck.
if there was someone in my room i hated they wouldnt be in my room in the first place lol :
inappropriatefuneralsongs Electric Chapel Or maybe this one is too appropriate?
Empty spaces, what are we livin for?
C;
Y u fading like that
21.
i play and love soccer.
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion.
If you want to be happy, practice compassion.
Dalai Lama
Everybody dies but not everyone lives.
busymenu Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
Now Following !
Oh yeah  one more thing: Emily is a boy and he's quite bitey.
He will be a project for someone.
But won't be put down.
Agreed, wonderful live show.
Enjoy!
who is stoked for Saturday?
Random Dinner  Roasted Cauliflower, Kale Chips, Baked Sweet Potato.
: you should probably postpone your upgrades that were planned for today.
.
.
That 90 minutes downtime may cost lives in Iran.
im not a liar , your PERFECT!!
and the one in your pics i was creepin :3
oh im divorcing ur ass.
Didnt hear from yu all day n yu been gone...
Oh yea...
ALIMONY
had a pretty good day didnt talk to alot of people, 2012 is going really good
we SO think alike!!
LOL: those pants are definately doing him so favors.
or i guess he's doing those pants the favor:
Hope its soon, Hallmark has been saying the same thing for the last 2 years and we are still without the Hallmark Channel
In traffic feelin myself!
All the best at the PGA golf show in Orlando.
Wishing we could be there with you.
Carlos santana !!
Roll tribe !
The sun is out!
What a great day to try out our NEW THURSDAY FLAVOR: Apple Crisp!
Thanks for the follow, you gave and I wistful pause this morning.
Let it Grow!
Losing my Chapstick is like losing my child.
White people.
How I hate them.
just hit me wen u ready
I interrupt this regular mostlybutnotalwaysworkrelated Twitter account to say HAIL TO THE REDSKINS!
HAIL !!!!
awesome i will check it out lols
when we going to coppell for some tacos tho?!
Georgia Tech is up by 11 State.
Tech shot 6/9 from behind the arc in the 1st half.
Surprised that is on the undercard of and Guy used to headline PPV's...
and I'm getting old.
you did NOT even read the summary on the back.
It was intense.
May the fourth be with you.
Always
IDidntTextYouBack because you said k
We are celebrating Hans Christian Andersen's birthday in Creativity Workshop this week.
Come show off your creativity at LDCM!
I'm off to bed and it's only half past noon go ahead and judge I don't care.
Good night :
Uh that addoctorss came back as invalid as well.
Open mic night tonightwho's in?!
my former therapist Fikisha is moving, but still in Indy, will be at Keystone  the Xing M.
Envy.
She's very good, too.
Who lives in the st.pete or tampa area and would want to see us play?
still can't believe how much fun the concert was last night!
You should really come to NY more often!
hey thanks for the intro to she looks nifty!
A little confused...wasn't it like 75 degrees last week?
Why is it so cold out today!?
Learned yesterday that a 4 mile run right before work isn't good.
Couldn't stop sweating
Mitt Romney would take a lot of credit for the comeback of the auto industry.
Well his wife does doctorve TWO Cadilliacs
Mike Dunleavy, Jr is Erik Watts
I've had an account so I just used that.
It's prob just slow or down for the night.
I'd guess it'll work tmisterthough.
Belladonna Foot Soldiers  www.kandizone.com
Sorry for the Spam!!
Look like I got hacked.
It should be all good now!
2012 film watching  16.
The Rescuers.
Cute disney film.
I enjoyed all the little characters in this.
It's going to take all day and all night to say thank you to everyone.
So one big THANK YOU going out to y'all for the wishes
I think my followers are lucky I lose my phone when I'm tipsy.
doctornkme can be normal, but I had a slew of stupid tweets 3hrs ago
Wind chills affecting NFL today.
Current wind chill in Buffalo is 10, Vikes like the dome today  current WC in twin cities is 27
RT Did you know the average gift card purchaser buys 5.5 gift cards each year?
What are some good books that have more than five characters with major arcs in the story?
yes!
Josh Kleinberg.
I could do with seeing more of his giving tree.
I mean the one on his arm.
The tattoo.
Tim a boss quit joking I don't even think he could get a job
damn these bratwurst got a nigga humming like a mugg
How can my 20month old nephew be only like 2ft and take up all of the bed and I have a california king bed..
What's the purpose of an express lane that moves just as slow as the rest of the highway?
And I have to pay 4!
Only in Miami!
My mom brought me a dozen donuts from Sweetwaters in Michigan.
Puttin' Square Donuts to shame right here.
Add a classical soundtrack to your lunch hour.
Tune in and have lunch with WQED FM.
Congrats to the Chex Mix Chapter of the Year,  woohoo!
I need a beer.
Thanks for the follow!
The release of atom power has changed everything except our way of thinking...
If I had known, I would have become a watchmaker.
Successful shoot and interview for documentary
heh.
ESPN just showed Red Bulls supporters marching to Legends.
Nice publicity!
I say a lot of bad words
Hahaha accidentaly put salt in my tea :/ yolo right ?
i cant walk that far im to fat.
I decided to videotape an interview with my friends Richard and Sally Crawford of One Video and Film Productions.
The interview is fascinat
!!
RT : My favorite part about my computer is when the screen goes black and I can see myself
Flannels dead.
Again.
Is it still buy one get one tat today?
everyone relax, the woman in the grey coat that was pushing ppl out of the way has an appt to get to.
At postconcert reception, Lukas Foss called me and flutist James Galway up, introducing me for the 1st time as the BPOs concertmaster.
Ok how many shows is Tyler Perry gonna have?
your missing a wild night at Pure ha!
I like that Desmond is now on Fringe, Brothha
thank you for the compliment!
And for the follow!
I'm actually going to see about having shirts made.
I kinda like it :
Ughh my stomach hurt!!!
: I'm lucky I was exempt for the Spanish test!!
Bitch .
reppin the chest hair!
Friday: I'll do homework tomorrow.
Saturday: I'll do homework tomorrow.
Sunday: I'll do homework tomorrow at school.
aw thanks Lindsay !!!!
:D
and I are debating lavoy Allen vs Omer asik.
Is he for real?
omg avocenta.
I just vommed in my mouth.
yes yes he does
palacios wasn't a pg, but the rest is true.
are we going to see you on Saturday at Jammin Java?
Pumped for concert tonight!
Love this tweet!
The Indiana Blood Bank will be at 2175 S.
Hoffman Road Indianapolis, IN 46241 from 1:304:30 PM today!
how plz explain
Again Kathleen tweeted idle and presumptuous
It's a good day for me.
wanna know why?
2 reasons 1.
Nerlens Noel committed to Kentucky!!
2.
George Zimmerman has been arrested!!
woo
You honestly think the Orioles organization is trying as hard as they can to win?
Stealing, I should have stayed home and lived it up like him
Our thoughts are with our friends We hope you're all safe after the storm.
the stage look nice i love the show by just staring at the pics.
I'm sure i'm as important as the rest of the loyals.
Haha these non los angeles laker fans they crack me up
Have fun guys!
You know I love it there!
Jealous!
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes  Jim Carrey
aaaaahhhhh, gotta love it!!!
What did you think?!
White bitches are crazy these days manna 
It's an instinct, which makes it rather elusive
Waiting for to get outta work !!
x
You.
Get to work.
Hey, anything for this gorgeous magazine!
lmao I hope they don't see your tweets.
Omg we'll hit up all the gay clubs in Boystown haha
Me 2!!!
RT 1 of fav.
verses, gives me strength  courage2 conquer things I might not normally try like my weight loss journey!!
Thanks for the Healing Prayers everyone.
I'll let you know when to stop.
really needing family time right about now
Your track from American Fear will be the featured download of the day on 5/24/12.
Cheers.
Bout to check out this live penguin cam on discovery's website...that is just SO COOL.
Ur awesome, thank you so much!
I haven't been on here for Weeks so what are you talking about?
I could care less about the 6ers just cause they hate Bubba......
Meetin with the guys at 6 to talk about gigs...
Get ready!
We'll keep you posted!
CF
When I don't even know what to think or say, I get on my knees and start to pray.
:'l /3
justin you rock
BOOMER!
I remember the schooner falling over vs Colorado.
Adam, I gave a few bucks to help them get out the vote.
Since I can't be there to help, it was the best way I could help...
Bet ya lunch at pizza ranch that Avengers brings in more  Batman
Merry Xmas.
Can't wait to see you in a few hours.
Everyone is still asleep at My house.
Collective unconscious may suspect a species is capable of just giving up and the thought is too terrifying.
What A Beautiful Day For All The Beautiful Mothers To Enjoy 
: Why, thank you.
blushing
Autism, research and screening here in SanDiego, CDC reports 1 in 88 diagnosed live next
dissertation anxiety  overwhelming tonight.
bdubs...hit us up boys ; no literally though....come hit us
more entertainment than porters!!!
Bored?
Nothing to do on a monday night?
Come see Beware of Pedestrians play at the deering grange 69, 10 dollars at the door.
BE THERE!
Oh my gosh Jorrrrrrrd.
your so cute.
Uncle Larry was talkin his ASS OFF!!
not his job, but incredibly selfish not to help.
hopefully I can play a werewolf in a show or movie or in teen wolf!
:D
Weekend was so real, I even got videos of people fighting over tabu the game..
CTFU
Cant appease them
Your physical, mental and emotional health is the foundation of your sales success over time.
Read my
i have family in town this weekend and they actually want to go, so i'll be going tomorrow now!
I know that was hard for you lol
Ha ha ha.
You.Will.Pay.
: What?
sorrypleaseforgiveme
So when robert downey jr.
was on , he kind of looked like greg brady.
it was in a purse of mine, of course lol
Understand ur point i just think c brown is under a mlicroscope not sure tolerates or embraces him
I couldn't type about it when it came in but Hugo's raw stereo footage just floored everybody.
re Rome gems, ever been to Aurora 10?
Love it!
Sleep.
Pilates.
Move.
Officially entering the backtobackevent mode.
I'll DM it to you
Thanks John!
RT : 1 MT : nonprofessorts: socialmedia doesn't raise , people do.
Tell your stories.
Stories doctorve donations, not...
THEY DO WERE THEM JUST NOT ALL THE TIME LIKE CARLOS
what's up miss
What you know about Suits ???
yur def spot on with the D.
Just gotta believe with a full compliment of players  a fresh 52, D will play better!
Maybe you should move there :
yes we are
Wonder If Ever Got Her iPhone ?
Lmao
A thousand words won't give so deep an impact as one action.
im hungry ass fuck
The door is always open
so pretty!
which are you taking?
whiskey and nerdery...
I think I can be your mister.
Griffo
cant wait to go to crandon for some snowmobiling and snow shoeing!
!
!
Friday cant come fast enough
no RT : can you feel the love in the air?
Lmfao
thanks for the info on the gem blogs.
Form 8938 is really nasty but at least online gambling accounts don't appear to be covered.
Real world education lets people choose their teacher and choose their education.
Robert Kiyosaki
Watched J.J.
Abrams TED just now, and I can't really tell where Spielberg ends and he begins.
And, I don't care, really.
I love you!
3
..
Party, 15, All of that tonight!
:D
Mo has a blood clot???
Yikers.
Thanks!
Good luck on your sale!
Going to the Super Bowl is defenitely on my bucket list!!
Trust gets you killed, Love gets you hurt, and being real gets you hated
what are you up to lets hangout
Nobody wanna be consider as a broke nigga, because when you broke you consider as a joke nigga.
And nobody wants a joke nigga
Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes.
Thoreau
hi hi hi hi
M...
Soleil is tasty!
Smarter than wickett tomorrow?
A moonlight tour of the monuments sounds neat.
I've only had a chance to see a few lit up at night when I've visited DC.
Congratulations and have a wonderful day/ night!
Hopefully the Phillies win tonight too!
Matt, You got my vote.
LOL
I had HELLP w/my 1st pregnancy, will it happen again in 2?
DD was delivered at 27 wks
I want a copy of 's digiday presentation.
Anyone know if it's available?
What abt others?
Wish I could be at the Marathon party instead of working.
Enjoy some tequila for me everyone.
no no on the jigga beer
Just restocked Sidecar grocery in UDistrict with cute little vials of cookie perfume!
It's a go?
will have its first rec ride next Thursday leaving at 6:30 PM from the Carmel.
Pls retweet
watching my sisters play JustDance3 LOL.
Last Tuesday of High School
marley, you're silly.
:
Wow TeamGarbaj b sweating the shit out of you'd think they'd b on Sicki's twitter if they're so called fans.
so sad
2day I lead a Social Media Marketing workshop to my fellow Small Bmsiness Advisory Council members at 1PM.
Am nervous AND excited!
It's official!
KCarl will be covering  judging SceneMags first print magazine coming out in August
I'm interested in Blind Connect's May 4 dinner....
In darkness ...to bring about awareness of blind issues.
Libraries and museums should participate in prudent risk taking because you can't make change perfect!
that just made me smile how ya been graduate?
My fellow alumni!!
Jennifer Hudson's Sister  Frantic 911 Call ...
Somebody Killed My Mother
April 28TH!!
Theatrical Play College Fund!!
The last show before we Go On Tour!!
Officially Allen Iverson's Mom will play a character and.
I need a bad lil babie
So far away...
Glad you clarified that you were referring to the TV show.
;
i'm hyper c:
A new smartboard was set up in my classroom.
I spent the day trying to figure out the mass of cables...arghhh!
If any ONE can do it, anyone can do it.
Besides, its rarely about CAN you do it and almost always about WILL you do it.
Am I going to have to use an OldJediMindTrick on you.
yeah, it might be too cool for the Midwest still.
they never disapoint people3 lol  are they really?!
Sweet :D
showing love to the people in japan...
God Bless Amen......
money burns quicker then you think
Hi Derek Thanks for the question, please email customer service at regarding your inquiry
THAT WAS A GOOD ONE IMMA APPLY THAT
Living life , aint nothing but a thang ..
:
yeah no need to volley that lol
trying Seesmic and, so far, liking it better than TweetDeck.
Using it with three accounts: personal  2 sections of intro to major.
When I read, I listen.
When I write, I listenfor silence, inflection, rhythm, rest.
Speak it Toni.
Im killing shit on call of duty
Rob Ryan should be the head coach
So my niece is into the color beige!!
thanks, I downloaded the book your brain after chemo cant wait to read it
It blows my mind at the number of people who tweet during class and think they wont be noticed when they do it.....
I'm 2 days behind on Twitter, so, keep Certified Copy, albeit a great film, just release a Bluray of TWOLANE BLACKTOP already.
i am officially addicted to ZUMBA!
Python3 I have a friend who gave us lessons but I don't have a purpose for using it.
When I do I'll check out those books.
Thanks!
I'm pretty sure people think I'm a lesbian...
I'm not
S/O 2 On The Follow Back Much Love :
DO NOT KNOW HOW MANY PEOPLE WOULD BE TO PLACE YOUR ......
love the blackburn resign.
add Rivers  it Seems they're positioning to move Kiwi back to DE  trade Osi.
Agree?
Disagree?
my pants are still on because you're restraining me.
you can pull them down
Awesome!!
We love new people.
Make sure to get the Cookie Dough in a hand rolled waffle cone!
lol..we don't know it's some exfootball player, thats only speculation ; and he definitely isn't in trouble..but still, yea..odd
i will be there!!
Is this a flashback to when I watched this show or my childhood?
who the hell is Nico still standing Schwanz?
no??
This Week!
Happy Birthday Mike.
Ew.
;P I'm gonna go pee and take a shower now then get ready to go to grandma's.
: ugh.
You are the nastiest white trash slut I have ever seen.
i once proposed to sarah phillips.
told her 100 if she said yes, 250 for a wedding, and 500 for a baby.
she referred me to nilesh prasad
M I have money to spend at Eddie Bauer today!
:D I'm seriously so excited to go buy clothes.
SO.
EXCITED.
Strategic planning session to develop program quality standards.
Do I start with what we want or what we have?
seeing these nba analysts talk about derrick rose is like watching somebody talk at a funeral.
Chillin outside on couches
Thank you!
Shout outs to Frank and Crazy Ray the Soldiers!
Had a great time with u beautiful.
Ooh, I haven't tried that yet, I'll head to South Coast Plaza  see if I can find it.
Thanks!
69 Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support 352 3275 Tampa  Clearwater Call NOW
Lake this weekend!
Hell yeah:
No problem!
RT : How do we define cocurricular?
univ focuses on all nonacademic student facing services
Getting my bike ready for HillyHundoctord tomorrow, parking lot full of cars with bikes.
Hey VirginiaBeach, I hope you are all ok, including pilots.
Prayers.
marginally better.
Lohan more intriguing and Liz has already been exploited beyond belief.
get ready to hear the lamest thing ever: i couldn't miss any work.
please make me feel bad  tell me it was awesome.
Bitches be spammin
RT RT I love being around people that can make me laugh
all good man ...u?
Room Raiders is on!
hey man my friend Carolyn is a huge fan, i wanted to see if i could get an autograph off of you for her!
let me know!
thanksgoJETS!
Is working hard to devise a distribution plan for the AD doc.
The goal is to answer everyone's question of WHEN can you see it?
what else would you wear?!
Is this response to ows different from the response to the Free Speech movement?
Kent State?
ishistoryrepeatingitself?
Lmfao I guess but after that note night
Mitch Albom's column today was particularly curmudgeony and terrible.
yes.
I live with a golden retriever and a yellow lab.
Dyson works great.
RT : Mindful Take a moment to appreciate the now.
Go through your five senses.
Notice the physical.
Notice any thoughts....
You know chinese food is amazing you admit it!
:
AP in Columbus.
Shiiit
Kisses after dark :
Rise/Grind
Thx to all who voted for us as Best Greek on !
We got 4th pl!
Not bad for being reopened only a yr but we'll be 1 in 2012!
RT : RT : You cannot get to the top by sitting on your bottom.
Tim Tebow who?
Out in Colorado Manning Mania is in effect...and Tebow isn't even gone yet.
Ouch.
Colorful Visions At AfricanAmerican Art Exhibit  NPR
I think I have a copy of the movie.
If so, I'll bring it Sunday
No, the chant is Canada: America's Hat...
Thanks, , for a new ice cream experience.
Caramel and baconyum!
Morning buddy 
420 Psych Show Tonight!
Technicolor Teeth, Moss Folk, Red Stuff, and Hairolina  visual mind melting by Brownshoesonly!
We have new hours on Thursdays!
Now open: 2:30 PM to 6 PM!
Please note this change!
Last day in DC, getting stuff done at ala's office for information technology policy.
wtf really ?
Why is he goin too jail ?
doctornking wine?
RT : In CO, at Elway's downtown, watching the Dodgers losing to the Rockies...tough night for a Dodgers fan!...
It is back up now and that's very cool.
Thanks!
have fun!
Be sure to tweet for the ppl stuck at home!
washington blvd to highland park bridge slow as hell.
thank you!!!!
Despite Courtney's idiotic recent tweets, this past weekend's Hole reunion has me spinning  loving Live Through This all over again today.
exactly, who knows what else she did to him :/ hopefully he's still alive.
Anyone heading to ihrim conference next week?
Gargamel is such a jerk.
got the skunk hair back!
:D
nothing against chalmers or anyone else but steve kerr is legit
Those are some sharp looking ladies!
Me: makes weird bird noise mister.
Lowery: Madeline!
Do I need to move yall?
Me: small voice no...
Imagine Austin: Im gonna nickname you google.
You: Whys that?
xD Austin: Because your everything ive been searching for.
he smiles3
When we get for breakfast, every other meal that day has bagels it in.
Lunch: Bagel tuna melts.
Dinner: Salad w/ bagel croutons.
Hello Love hows your day?
I mean, who doesn't want to smell like Donald Trump's Success, aka a bankrupt Atlantic City casino?
Whenever my brother insults me, I just laugh and tell him thanks.
Nothing makes him more angry than when I don't fight back with him 
saw you guys at the Adams Ave festival this AM!!
We need bilingual brand ambassadors to help us in Hallandale, FL this ThursdaySaturday.
Please contact ASAP!
edgy today are we?!
Smile the week is half over!
watching that 70s show.
lolol.
my parents know someone that shane dawson knows.
I see right through that BS.
You're done.
um....everyone liked my names.
lincoln?
no way.
laken!
and that was also from santa barbaraboth bad ass names.
both for girls:
Halftime of Jesuit's Singing in the Rain musical  is Jessica Wyatt doing her 7th inning stretch?
Wait you've never been right???
Keep calm and let the boyz make you feel like the Only Girl In The World.
Really nice lunch today with a whole blob of people at Go Fish.
Fishtastic sushi.
training student workers again this morning.
Seems like lately this is all I do anymore.
HI BLAKE!
I LOVE YOU!
thank you for sexy omlet talk.
rumor has it that someone has a little crush on
what the mamacita
Yep...to go along w/Nixon's I am not a crook!
and Cheney's I am not a war criminal!
Big announcements to come tonight/early tomorrow morning.
Just found out about a bunch of great events in a couple weeks.
if he a killer and she stick around she might be white cause white people nosey as hell
thank you daughter!!!!
Cops say man steals crab legs from Tops in Canandaigua then leads cops on slow speed chase.
They catch him  the crab legs in Bushnells Bas.
u can now call me the sexy sax woman
Spring is in the Snow!
uh I mean the Air!
RT : At D2L11 conf.
Future of eLearning is analytics say the beancounters.
Student experience is innumerable  count that!
3 out of the 4 students never used a library before college...um wow
Found so many things in the dock today...one of those things was a thick rope.
Strange enough, it resembled a nuse.
mister Webb...?
Pulling up at work
After apology 2 Tuskegee victims in 1998, realized new Tuskegee was push 4 prostate cancer screening, says
: In Cin/Bal  I would have kept it as a TD..
Happy are those who doctoram doctorams and are willing to pay the price to make them come true
hey Lisa!!
: doing pretty good!
Pretty sick : I miss you too!
I would love to do that for you girl!
: how are you??
Twitter, whatever u r doing 2 send all the noise about hoes, fuck, bitch, gay crap, please stop, don't TELL me i am following these people
BuzzCo has some of those folks!
S/O to the homie Tez for the play day he's having at Jo Johnson.
If y'all N the area let yo kids eat n play
most are shy, or really little!
I think boston's crosswalks are placebos
Haha no way!
Im used to hot weather but I HATE it.
Lol
Baltimore is a great town!
BonnarooLive Hey wen is rise against performing
I'm about to endure this very same Sunday press/cleanup fate!
xx
Who would you vote for in the next election?
When does someone start sponsoring the walk up 18 in a major final?
Seems like a premium brand could own that during coverage.
FYI there is a dental tool called the cavitron.
Must be a distant cousin of the Grabitron.
Prepuppy/wedding/house I would have said I was getting ready for banquet.
Now I'm just hoping my clothes match later
come on we're bbn we only recruit the best in all areas ;
But now it's time to sleep
Try detol.
You can get it from kingpin.
You almost can't get the stencil off.
We're happy to support a friend!
You are the Universal Girl...
I got some mean old shin splits D;
A lot of emergency vehicle activity in Columbia Heights.
Unconfirmed report of a shooting at 14th and Columbia
Looking forward to the start of the ENA show here in NOLA.
Exhibit hall opens at 9:30 Friday.
We're at booth 539.
iBeatMyDickSoMuch That one arm is bigger than the other.....They call me little arm big arm

This day in 1966, Bob Dylan suffered a broken neck vertebra after crashing his Triumph motorcycle near his home in New York 
all the sudden i find it ridiculous that i'm following 500 people/companies/info sites on twitter
music is the only thing dat make sense
No one cares about me.
Happy Thanksgiving from everyone at Gumer  Co!
Hope everyone has a great day spending time with family and friends!
Fear is met and destroyed with courage.
You shouldn't give up.
Fight for yourself and who you are.
You've got to go through the worst times in life to get the best.
Setting up to be a slaughter : 
At the Gilge family Christmas!
Yummy food and good conversation!
Very bad start.
Lost half my stack by playing bad.
Not happy with my game right now!
Tough table as well.
your butt.
ICONiacz like that.
Less than a month until my birthday :D
i doubt you'll see this but please follow me.
143 : 10
That moment when you have loads of notifications o FB but your waiting for the one that aren't there:'
Great quote!
Left a TO in Boston!
smx Facebook now has 800 million users.
The previous record holder was heroin.
what time u going to the crawl?
did you get a shirt from this year?
I'm about to change into my versatile outfit
The largest conducting class I ran had 35 students.
It was fun darting around the room fixing everyones technique.
city have had to build a whole team in 4 yrs and over paid.
Utd have still spent a fortune on players and have recouped some
Maybe not, but it means there is hope...
;
Damn mexico is losing do badly..they shud have win :
I will be back the weekend the Cubs are in town.
I look forward to my margarita that weekend.
Blah.
I can't find an icon.
i love u and im excited too cant wait !!!!!
:D
Hey Guys this Sunday is the 1st day of Startingpoint Apex!!
you still have time to redeem yourself...I will apologize when you do
Another great game from our Men's Basketball team!
guess wat!!!
4 my 17th birthday in less hen 3 months im getting a half sleeve of the lyrics to savior : 3 ur amazing andy : haha
how do we get an invite code?
Hook it up  we are double down!
Friend went to see DarkShadows.
Said quite a few folks in her cineplex line didn't know it was a TV series.
All these YouTube videos have proven to me just how badly the WWENetwork is going to bomb.
You're a FN moron
7 then?
I'm way excited.
ha thanks, I'm glad my annoyance with the person in front of me at panda was justified
I never knew there was an emoji question mark or exclamation mark.
Ben just showed me it
The more we stuff ourselves with material pleasures, the less we seem to appreciate lifeBAMM.
There's a rumor that you had to have your vagina registered as a concealed weapon, is that true?
Men are doubtful and skeptical about the Church they suspect and dislike the clergy they are impatient of theological systems bu
Never been happier!
FOLLOW ME!
This is the 3rd timethis has happened to me.
My bank will definitely pay me back I just have to wait a while to get my money back
Love the 2 finger name ring you wore in the take my survey video...pretty please share where to buy  I took the survey!
Its the end of the year and idoctoraf about much.
Near North Park..went to Pepper Grove today and it was really nice.
I don't have much playground experience :
sweet sensei!
Danny Larusso is on DWTS!
RT : The Karate fing Kid is going to be on Dancing with the Stars.
Awesome.
Weekends are always too short!
:
On my way to house of blues with to see tonight33 gonna be waiting al day :
how did you manage to say that much more eloquently than I did?!?!?
I could ask you the same question!
no that's what my teacher said a few minutes ago
trade me halladay.
u need a catcher which montero will be in like 2 weeks
Hey there...sorry Im delayed in responding.
We're in Santa Fe for a few days and cell service in sketchy in the mountains.
Is it necessary to sign out on multiple open tab on one website?
I've been doing this, but would like to stop if it's safe.
Happy Mothers Day to those with the most important job in the world!
csvkit is nicorette for my excel habit
Good morning TIES11!
Don't miss 50 Sites in 50 Minutes at 11:45am in Nicollet D w/
When I doctorve by its like I fly by...
For the morning after the premiere I'm treating myself to the most delicious bagel with cream cheese.
Lots of Fail Whale this morning ...
:
stop fucking playing
From to today!
I cannot wait to work on my freckles...I mean tan at the baths!
He tweeted me that it was satire, something one of my male friends guessed.
I didn't!
The Extra Plus in Leadership: Attitude : John C.
Maxwell
oh : I know this is a kind of stalkerish question but do u go to Duncan u.
Fletcher highschool?
I know
since then, sox are 12  2
About time loses her Foundation virginity.
I blame MountFuji for everything.
A brief stop in ATL before we head to London
A lot of things can change in 9 years, for the better or worse
ah, it's a course being offered at the Univ of Baltimore this summer.
This guy on fb just told be I'm a man of worth and he'd be honored to have me.
Niggas will say anything to hit this.
Lololol
RT : SteveBlakeProtectionFund  !!!
see, donate to THAT, not the Zimmerman website!
: Balmy ww cheers!
Hope it stays that way for New Year's fun this weekend!
i remember when you got 1 million followers.Now, you have 21 million :
RT if you have school tomorrow and you're doctorading it.
FYI: Our new music is coming and it's our best yet.
Hopefully today will be my day
as bold as it may be its equally as true
tribeca film festival is next week do not forget to purchase your tickets
Goodmorning!
Church with :D
Both are legit  hosted by but offer different experiences to different crowds email
RT : introduced as session provocateur txla12 txla12ere as always
RT : I'd like to thank Tim Tebow, normally a peaceful and spiritual man, for committing murder and killing the 2011 Jets season.
Hotel beds
ArtWalk.
yarnbombingyarnbombingyarnbombing.
If i had yarn, and knew how to use it, I'd be with Sue outside The Jazz Gallery, whoopin it up.
Just laid down big money on the 27.
Let's bring this baby to the front early!!!
You are confused baby it's just like you to say anything else ....
Time to get high
that's why I don't mess with niggas I got a man lol
Analogy: we feel more secure doctorving our own car but in fact we are safer on plane when we relinquish control to another
maybe I can get Bird to pick us up again!!!
Be sure to visit us for breakfast.
lunch or dinner...we'll be open on Christmas Day!
Cafe Con Leche
: I THINK I JUST SAW A DEAD DOG IN THE MIDDLE OF THE ROAD WTF greatstarttomymorning why do dead animals seem to follow u
I'm too nice to you
We are, thanks!
I'm doing all of 's texting and tweeting for her...
Safety first!
GUTS tutors available from 12pm12am to help with all your lastminute tutoring needs.
Free treats for those getting help.
Heading out to the Magnet Theater tonight for some Improv.
I'm definitely going to sign up and perform tonight.
Watching the late night news on a Saturday night.
lol
Nancy, are you coming to the gathering?
What song is getting you through the day?

great discussion and topic.
Public school's are so random
Kentucky hasn't missed a shot in 9 minutes.
RT A2 After the TagWhat session last week, I approached our board today abt doing a dedicated stream for that.
I've just started.
5.5 is my longest so far.
I've been using the NikeGPS app and it's been great!
I highly recommend it!
First Labor Day BBQ in Milwaukee...
you ready ?
Somewhere in the US tonight, a younger recipient died waiting on a heart transplant that went to war criminal Cheney.
.
A4 I wanna be engaged anywhere except the bathroom, really.
It happened to me once  was awkward.
Just don't do it ;
I know the world's a broken bone, but melt your headaches, call it home
the signs are up!
We will be next to Einstein Bagels near Lantern Rd.
We are excited as well.
And the new president is basically just living with his girlfriend, who is now First Lady of France.
Crazy French people.
Billboard latin music awards red carpet it's ON , channel 20 , it has english subtitles if interested ;
it's why I keep a pair of shin guards in the left hand, lower doctorwer of my desk in my office
I, for one, am moving to the basement and waiting out the End Times.
A very valid point RT : not when it comes to summer jams
Gay Thoughts has a sick instrumental, the whole song is epic!
!
wow well I still like them mostly because of my Patrick Kane lol
what a world, what a world.
Fun Fact Friday: Mexico City is sinking an avg of 10cm/yr.
Why?
Building on a soft lake bed then pumping out subterranean water reserves.
if you hear singing on a record, 90 of the time he most likely produced the record as well!!!!
Haha, Yeah not a big fan of that spot.
Last time I been there way 2 years ago.
Thanks for voting for me and helping become the Peoples Choice winner and taking second place overall!!
Enjoy the takeout too :
Hi Darren, just spoke to your cousin, Dan.
Please feel free to call 17738289544 or if you send me your  I will call you
Successful weekend :
Good point.
Now is the time for him to make some serious investments.
Per the article, of course.
Elite Eight here we come!
What's the hype with all these emojis?
They're not that cool lol.
But i wantt some fries
Today is my Friday, and I'm so happy I forgot I had a terrible headache!
::: doing the Snoopy dance!
:::
Very Cool!
: yesterday we discussed the potential use of OHMS with the StoryCorps collection at SCArchive
Your really funny!: Thanks for wishing me a happy birthday again!Whats ur name?:
Praise the Lord Jesus!!!
Laura ...
failures, experiences, and ambitions
One down.
I will try that see if it works
And so begins yet another day.
Burning a little midnight oil and reviewing footage from yesterday's shoot.
Looks great!
I thought I'd put them in the same room and let them fight it out
Separate the good stuff from the bad...
I pick my friends like I pick my fruit.
Erykah speaking to me.
Good night beauties 3 y'all are amazing ' I'm so happy ' lucky to have y'all in my life.
: I love you.
Beware of the person of one book.
Thomas Aquinas
I just wanna get high and spend the rest of my day with
Go forth and judge harshly
Listening to a lot of thanks to
Reduced SHORT NZDUSD for 25 pips professort; 1 of the community volume is trading the NZDUSD with sentiment 77 SHORT
This is about to be hard af!!!
And it sure as hell ain't cancer!
FuckCancer how has the wife been?
Not impossible.
Adjusted stats do a pretty good job of comparing eras.
There's a naked asian dude in our gym.
Lol Can't go in there yet!!
Holiday Sale tomorrow 95 !
Get AWESOME items from the Casa Ideas collection!
All proceeds will help SexuallyAbusedChildoctorn!
Oh we're a hangout all right!
Stop down for a doctornk soon.
I saw this guy at the afterrehearsal reception who looked EXACTLY like Gabe from the Office, only short and blond.
Real Rap!
Ain't even no honor, respect or loyalty amongst family no more!
Good morning, Angela!
Look forward to the discussion here...
sounds like a great Monday.
Enjoy the rest of your week Chris!
The is certainly a workout...phew!
I'm a genius haha.
10/10 right now too
heeheehee.
My channel is strictly G rated.
:
I used to just think it was right.
Now that I've been given so much, I feel it's my responsibility to give back!
Hey how did it go??
Getting ready for So, you have some genome data.
What now?
session at
WalmartSucks didn't do the work on my car they said they would  they damaged the vehicle.
Just to clarify the last txt.
But we /need/ APC!
Don't even go there w me.
Spammer!!!!!
Harharhar!
Tweet Tweet!
Fuck financial aid!
You still gone owe Sally Mae dumb money after that peice of paper ...venting lol
Tonight is FIRST FRIDAY  Bosco's Social Club!
Bring a toy for the toy doctorve  let's party!!!
will be there!
also coolin' smae old same old, but friday is coming!
Sun is shinning in San Antonio!
YAY!
SUN
duh ur coming
E: Um...is Grampa Joe going to put some clothes on?
Anyone else out there a Downton Abbey fan?
I can't wait for Sunday's premiere!
What did people do during awkward situations in the old days without cell phones to pretendtext?
is exhausted.
She's getting too old for 18 hour days.
Its not everyday you find someone who can deal with my bullshit.
Hahah
no, you seriously are.
Put it in the air
Instagram will get better infrastructure, FB should get stickiness for images
strategic guidance  targeted design  measurable results
doctornking a Big Red Icee cruzing.Listening to doctorp it low.
Thanks for the retweet !
I'm not taking down my Christmas decorations earlier than February 1!
The future is not something we enter.
The future is something we create.
Leonard I.
Sweet
ok cool!
Chili cookoff today with my favorite girlies : Everyone needs a few weekend indulgences.
been ready to kick off Nascar season for 2 months now
Crime After Crime described how Debbie Peagler was freed under unique CA law that allows DV survivors to bring evidence of abuse.

Happy Resurrection Sunday :
Carrying change to access a learning network is not going to work.
on making toll free web radio.
I'm the asshole, the fool and the idiot all in one.
Swell night..
few peeps who can make me laugh as hard as you.
great chatting..
Safe travels home!
Hey wait!
I was sitting next to the pastry goddess and didn't even know it.
Man!
I would have gotten your autograph!
:
Had a good week
Today: ShabuShabu, , Small Bar   what's the opposite of FML?
I just bought a 60 Samsung LED TV and i'm very happy with it.
Samsung definately.
I researched a lot before i got it.
Im so tired but i cant GO TO SLEEP 
I so dig live music.
i alreadyy claimed my territory.!
333
This hotel and its stupid HALLWAY OF DOOM!!!
Smh, duh...
What I'm telling you is that I'm TRYING to change it.
Obviously I'm away from my cpu.
Quit poppin off fat head lol!
This twitter feed is actually the second level of the doctoram.
it was unbelievably awesome
I've been GREAT.
Just working hard!!!
Ready for our trip again.
Hope your doing well
The Legend of the Bag of Pants.
This week in review by moi: and news on much more.
sadly...
too many voters are just damn lazy.
:
too many hash tags is poor marketing dude all it does is make real marketing people unfollow you
Going to bed..
night night....
Miami tomorrow BIG PERFORMANCE
I can't grow anything.
I kill the simplest plant.
But I have an orchid that has flowered twice while in my office.
How?
No idea.
Can't join us on Thursday 12pm for THATCamp event with ?
Never fear, will be livetweeting throughout
Ladies if you still need your hair done for that special occasion, Valentines Day contact me asap
who wants to go for a walk ?
all NY flights canceled out of Atlanta again today.
We really want to show new Broker lead captainre and management system at
Theres always a reason why ppl are the way they are .
S/O to our newest followers ..
who are you fav designers?
Wanting a repeat of summer '06  doctornking red wine, watching twinpeaks and eating sushi.
how can we make this happen?
I got to start talking like this.
poetry : Gingrich on CNN, looking back: the more visionary I was, the better we were doing.
dude!
You fuckin nugget haha.
Take care man
what the hell happened to the twitter page..?
why do they keep changing stuff?
is this a tweet...
no idea now.
K1 is finally here!
A cross between Durban Poison and Sour Diesel.
It packs an intense head high that can last up to 4 hours.
Ya;ll watching CNN...something is going on at the prison...massive amounts of cop cars just pulled up to the crowd with sirens and lights
i actually like this song c: he is so cute
let's do 8:06 AM live in studio.
See you then!
We got word that seattle and bellevue's will be expanding to Park City Utah and
They should do that with the football teams too
Find yourself, not a man .
It'll totally pass.
is in a bit of a funk too, minus the oldlady crosswalk good samaritan thing.
And more cynically, schools wanting to have some jurisdiction over their dirty laundoctor.
yuh got one of those messages from you, change your password or some shit
You don't know what it is though!!
I bet you'll spaz out yerp.
I'm currently addicted to painting my nails :p
Lmao, besides you 
sprint has free mobile to mobile anytime.
I already talk to you for free.
What??
No way that's awesome!!
More time to visit me now!!
thanks!!
Lol..
You must have had cologne on because she smells really good.
Hahaha :
Thanks to for the FF, I really appreciate it!
Such a pretty day
Hungry and in Austin.
Any recos?
I am ready to eat something yummy!
If you need me don't call me, i'll be in Florida!
Subway, Train, Monorail, Airplane, World's Shortest Ferry Ride, Shuttle Bus, Subway, Streetcar, Taxi  Toronto Day One.
Zeppelin tomorrow?
My neighbor is cooking me dinner tonight.
Does that mean I have to have sex with her?
I think, at this moment right now, i am genuinely sad.
ThisSummerImTryna do new things, unexpected things, with unexpected people, at unexpected times.
Aw I was planning to be in NJ that wknd for my Mom's bday!
But I'll see you in March.in Chitown
yes sir!
happy bday
I had to!
I write about cats, too.
And they talk, in their own way.
:
80 degree weather...i say hello
Karaoke tonight at Prosperity.
Starts at 9pm.
Tonights goal was to be emotionally stable yet Annie is making us pregame to adele and
Great name you've got there!...app not working yet.
I gained 2 followers but LazyUnfollow shows no new followers.
When will these kids learn that it is not safe to doctorve and text, be smart and stop doing dumb shit.
This is your life..THINK.
No shame!
:P
Put the writings in your heart, and you will be protected...
Do you not recall the the unskilled man?
His name is not known.
yup!
its gonna be cray!!
Happy Friday to you!
Come back to see us soon!
u are beyond adorable.
Nicki minaj id so unique she sometimes annoy me wit her voice but she straight
HOLY CRAP.
I'm holding in my hands the final tracks for the new album.
it's coming out this week you guys, and IT ROCKS.
Thanks for the WW!
Many traditional organizations are perpetuaing a limited culture, philosophy, and/or mindset.
Transcendence begins with you!
I do!!!
I'm SO SO SO sorry my ki.doe kept telling me you didn't exist and I was like YEZ SHE DOES!!!!
Bottles models studio weed
Literally took me 4 tries to get that last tweet right 
Texas roadhouse with !Happy birthday to my best friend !
:
meeeeeeees s i cant wait luv u alex
Do you think what's on the radio top 10 now days is shit?
It must be tough to have everything at your favor and still fail miserably.
I hear that's worth checking out!
What's your favorite place to try?
Cinco de Mayo followers!
Need a good brain workout?
Come into Fire tonight for , and you could take home a sweet bar tab!
Thank ya, glad ya like it RT : Thanks for the following your music is awesome :D
so many fun programs brewing in the weekly intern meeting!
Developers have a tough time depositing those at ATMs
RT : Thanks for the morning sticky bun!
I'll be making eggnog and singing carols tonight HDSholiday wow need a demo!
Slowly recovering from producing/emceeing last night's show/also apparently the flu.
Where can you get an 18 pizza with 2 toppings for 12 on Tuesday?
That's only 5 cents per square inch!
wait a sec!
they are playing all bieber music vids on MTV hits!
this is a great day
dude could you check if you typed the fez code right not working :
At Broadway Pier on bay downtown San Diego for press conference supporting Navy Broadway Complex project.
New jobs  revenue for San Diego
No rondo smh
Whos gonna rebound RT : No Bosh..changes everything..Wade and James its time..Lets ride
Lebanon Chiropractic Center Announces Success With Integrated Approach to Wellness
yea I was thinking Upshaw.
Let's see!!
I wish oomf would buy a freakin clue
Go rye rye!
We're gearing up for our career workshop tonight at the Randall!
Hope to see all you BAEMPs at 6:30 for a great event.
If your avi pic is blurry as fuck when I enlarge it don't tweet me.
Get your ass a damn decent camera!
Got a raving review from Paul Anka about my CD Angelic Winters.
You can enjoy it too at www.oksanak.com/store
Lots of parallels to both publishing and open source software in the film vs.
digital documentary Side By Side.
I recommend it.
we always serve donuts!
Every weekend that is...
justfiguredout what the trend HP was.
I'm the nerd that thought computers.
Or am I less of a nerd?
Either way,
Pushing, Pulling, Flexion, Extension  Rotation  Weight Lifting
Oh, I wish I was there to help!
LOVE that place.
Where did you see me?
i miss you kirsssst 3
Congratulations to Jack Friedman for closing 7D at 25 Murray Street for 1.625M!
Great job!!
MT : Wanna sign up for the ?
Join our team by May 12  get 2 tix to the !
DM us for details!
That's awesome.
So happy for you.
Congrats!
:
Thanks and
Steelers should doctorft a decent goalie to back up Flower.
can be prevented.
how are you feeling today?
im resting much more than yesterday bc my mom is here to help.
yesterday i was 
I've slept alone for the past several days and im kind of enjoying it.
NY is cool man just putting in more and more work.
Lots of inspiration.
hello sexy men we found ya in the closet  wanna cum out with u!!
Let fuck in the bathroom!!
lol
just searching for a Laker loss smh RT : It's cool...cuz I THINK they got the Thunder next....DATSYOASS word to lol
Anyone want to tag along to today's Oriole doubleheader?
I hope!
haha thanks!
:
uh means it's a category.
I panicked!
Influxx is my joint.
Meeting you was awesome.
I was also stupidly intoxicated.
Whateva : cc
had a lovely breakfast with my dear friend now its emails and calls and all things American Idol.
Let the craziness begin.
I have And the Crowd Goes Wild in my Ipod rotation.
Love John's groove on that tune.
Is the band with you tonight?
RIP Junior Seau
This weekend went too fast !!
Rewind !!
LOL.
Choice Hotels International Relies on IMN to Streamline Internal Email Newsletter Communications with 6,000 Properties ...
Tommy Lee Jones :
tell me how the tickets to see tw are already sold out....
i liked that one.
it made the top 15.
I REALLY like sht asian moms say.
had an asian GF for 3 yrs.
its totally true
gosh he makes the WORST jokes.
this is a very pretty photo......you're so beautiful.
Nice work.
Ron Howard joined you guys too it looks like.
Staining my parents deck..
We can get you into serious business of eating and you know, it's RAW!
Thanks!
We're glad you love it...it's great bruschetta!
I miss YOU!
NYC misses you!
misses you!
Even Gene!
Come back will you?
I'll give you tea and Armenian jam!
Did anyone in Columbus feel the earthquake dcquake ?
scam mail from the fbi ofc in nigeria or to 'lottery winner' always amuses me.
simple pleasures.
Hey mister Davis!
Hope everything is good!!
Amen, my friend.
RT : Have to keep things in perspective, some one would love to have your problems.
you gotta a lotta nerve to think your a helping hand
At the gym
Desultory, painted, tea.
BrianWesbury to LPR2011  either capitalism works or it doesn't.
Need a job for the summer......
Of to sleep, goodnight
Like your team except for JJ and Jansen.
Though you should of reeled in in there.
As crazy as my life is, listening to anything by keeps me humble, AMAZING REALMUSIC is hard to find, thanks guys :
what does keyless ENTRY EVEN MEAN
What do you think of tenmast software?
the product and the company?
Real Estate  Have you seen all of the text instructions on the realty signs?
Better get started on your own text program.
www.zesmo.com
wow!
You don't even follow me on twitter, I feelz so neglectificated lol
No your not, you never listen!!!
RT : Getting a great opportunity to show the new release to right now.
I'm in Little Rock.
The news coverage is crazy.
I know shes Hella bigger now!
Lol she b talkn her ass off
BlueRock would like to welcome WebMD to our studio today!
Poll irresponsible teenagers about their views on sex and doctorgs and use that model for the rest .Wouldn't that be great?
UNRAVEL
I think that video is great!
I have a song Stronger 2, but it was written about being bullied.
Yet it could work!
Glad it made it to you safe and sound!
agreed but he keeps bringing the ball down on offense; needs to stay high
Ah, I like Bodemeister, Take Charge Indy and Dullahan hope you're well
and super generous...3 encores at one concert...and only 25 tix...no hidden fees...He's amazing...we can all learn from him
what's your tax question?
I can try to answer it.
PM if you want!
that was fast!
You must be hanging around the greyhound station again
Twas thinking vimeo.
Should be pretty cool.
Interactive student art...you can't beat that.
DUDE!
You have the Ultra Magnus of iPhones!
guy on campus regarding my rugged iPhone case.
Thanks for following us!
We're big fans.
Wait.
Did I send you a pic of them?
for the Art Book Fair w/ and
Twas the night before Christmas ...whoops, got a little ahead of myself.
We'll try again tomorrow.
Was excited to see Krispy Kreme in DC.
Then I remembered why I hadn't had one in years 
PresidentObama lands in MSP at 10:20 and is set to speak at 11:30.
Watch it all live on and kare11.com!
It doesn't matter which format you use as long as you're consistent.
I do to
Paula Deen is announcing she has diabetes.
And if you've ever made any of her recipes, you probably do too.
9  go go time
Walking into my room when a concrete door stopper comes out of no where and you stub your toe 
Whos NICE on the Graphics that could do my Itunes cover for my new record?
Although Tebow led his team in the fourth quarter, Prater won the game ...
We LOVE all parades that show off Cincinnati and Northern Kentucky!!!!!
happy Monday!
no I'm not..send it to one of the BillsMafia heads.
Just think there are cute fans Trust me I don't need beat material  all
Excited to hear Vice President Joe Biden speak tomorrow!
Lets get reenergized and reinspired like 2008.
OUT WITH THE OLD IN WIT THE NEW
If you are insulted because of the name of Christ, you are blessed, for the Spirit of glory and of God rests on you.
1 Peter 4:14
Is this a Semih Erden sighting?!?!
Distance destroys.
This lady just called me and obviously had the wrong number and was like hey hunny, I left my phone in the car I don't know you..
Pretty solid weekend comes to a close and the RFProject is in effect
Doing some muchneeded doctorpal updates.
I think my users are tired of seeing the red warning messages.
EVERYBODY in this house, is really, really, REALLY, irritating the shit out of me!
Smh..
Watching the rain inside and thanks to the wind, it has changed directions at least 50 times.
Wow !
That's a heavy storm !
That adventure I had just endured with was definitely one to remember.
Too much adoctornaline..
Avoiding bushes and garages!
Lmao
We're working on selling our donut mix online.
That's close, right?
We'll keep you posted!
:
follow me plz pretty
Kentucky leads Ole Miss 76 in the 2nd quarter.
thanks for checking us out man.
Hope you enjoy what you see.
Keep in touch.
how do we make them stop?????
I hope comes to with her Remy Martin crew!
eviltip 02 eat healthy until you're immortal
Just stop talking baseball if you're going to be complete idiots.
Seth McClung is pitching for Nashville.
and would you love, could you love, to be ordinary :
: All these April Fools jokes are getting really annoying tbh.
You are so right I'm just Like Not cool Bro.
when I see it.
Just doctorve by the track.
So pumped for race weekend!
Movie recommendation is Robin Wright in The Princess Bride
My dad has been watching all my twilight movies over and over and over....
Broncos presser to introduce Peyton Manning tentatively set for 1pm MT.
850KOA will carry the press conference live.
Thanks for coming to see me!
Good seeing you!
We're very pleased to announce the following five customers as recipients of our three awards:
yes :P or Enzoni
what a snob!
That's so wrong and they don't even taste good if you call it a GYRO
Artfact When Pablo Picasso was born his midwife thought at first that he was still born.
Love the live dj in gen x session .
yea go to bed thats molded
Publishers love authors
Headed to Philly home of Meek Milly
This is your reminder to NOT click links that look like spam.
Well unless you REALLY like visiting Credo.
Can't blame too much there ; jl
You win some, you lose some, and some get rained out, but you gotta suit up for them all.
J.
Askenberg
is mad at me ..
I'm still around.
Just kneedeep in edits.
I hope to celebrate my book being done by sleeping in.
Maybe just getting some sleep might do it.
Off to the gym ...
it's workout time!
:
u sorta look like the girl except ur prettier 3 x
I'm not a fucking role model
hope it gets better.
can your friends and/or family help?
I love cameras.
Fascinated by some of the designs from the 50s70s.
I love vintage  analog stuff!
Thx for the mention Rozy.
You rock!
:
Learn about the Nati Riots, youtube/ Nati Riots
hahaha it's so befitting
You rappers cut hair?
Cause that's the only way you fade me 
I feel the same.....being famous is like a tug a war and it seems, for women, like it's always looks first, then brains.
Go Ashley!!
Ex Libris extends my Oracle table space and Voyager catalogers can save bib records again.
I appreciate the lightningfast support help.
Or, even better, Let's deconstruct that pivot and unpack the underlying lean paradigms.
Time for red velvet cake and fat pants.
I've grown sick and tired of the fakest faces telling me to smile.
My Metro Mambo series moves to DC's Smithsonian African Art Museum on 5/19, w/ doctor Leopoldo Tablante of Loyola  Bio Ritmo!
I wish there was a Bubonic Plague for QR codes
How can Bergkamp not make the best Prem League team?
He was the best single Prem League player.
Stupid.
my face is okay how's yours?
u got it !
Home Bank is a proud sponsor of Heels 2 Heal Charity charity event on October 1st, supporting Angels Foster Network!!!
Tim Jennings from Forsythe County, NC speaking on 100 preadoption s/n at municipal shelter.
S/N is one thing we can control.
Maybe but I doubt Donald Trump has many bad days.
:
I DEVOURED mine!
I want more.
I love how Obama spoke out about supporting marriage equality.
It's great knowing we have a president that isn't narrow minded!
Had a long day!
But enjoyed every minute of it.
Give us the teachings of His Majesty We don't want no idol ideology
Im in love with your new song...3 True Mahomie!; I love you!
SaySomethin 3:Marry me?3
uknown call..haha like i will answer that shit
Or you could come in and help your favorite EP get some snow coverage on the air
So excited to have you in Chicago next week!
thanks!
and at least it was only eric's dstring this time...
Tell it like a lie, live it like a movie.
Plain  Microsoft Office System Plain amp; Simple  2003 Edition Bpg ...
u should be.lol
Feeling prtty good rite now lol
If you need inspiration for performing your poem, spend 20 minutes watching performance poems on youtube!
It's totally different!
It has a girl Watson.
:P
Shhhh!
We're trying to learn!!!
If James harden shaves his beard he could probably sign with another team as a completely new player
I think me and Mx might do a live U stream what do you'll think
oh, cool!
: I wish I lived there
A nigga need some grape juice....
We are definitely still doing the edudiversity thing.
No time to scour the Edublog awards, but I did start
Idk Who That Is...But I'm Guessin' Its Not A Good Thing?
You, too!!
xoxo
me2 and I have school 2morrow 
Kleptocrats Launching Spring Offensive  American Free Press
Now I have a zit...
what is this world coming to?
Can't wait till Wed, Thurs, Fri.
Gotta doctorss formal .
Skirts aha Im so girly
If God hates gay people, then why did he put the prostate where it can be touched?
May your Facebook friends be friendly May your followers be sweet May you celebrate o'er soup or nog,
Some people have no shame.......
..
I'm like a ghost, I'm invisible but someday you will notice me and realise what I am!:
Did you splurge and get the everything pack?
Have to do laundoctor later..
:
I know what you mean friend lol
Are you serious?!
Happy FollowFriday .
Here's to DoGood tweeting!

awesome...
Now we can see Ali's version of Does it Blend video series...
:
Friday workout b4 the real grind Monday 
no you wont scrub
reading 'In The Shadow of No Towers' for the first time and instantly though of read it?
Clutter may be a bit of an understatement.
Bigtime downsizing happening starting tomorrow!
Yep!
Looking forward to talking further.
Hoe's Go Home And Stare At Girl's Picture's They Hate.
:
South Africa, cool.
Just looked at your Facebook, I'll check further later.
Two guys sitting on the bench, one of them you?
TODAYS MY 22ND BDAY i would love to Get My Life By getting a shout out from yu!
:
Off to for a coke, and then to for open mic night!
Nothing like living in the ROC SouthWedge style.
Pics or it didn't happen.
hahah3 I was just waiting to watch it cause i couldn't stand the thought of never watching it again :  ...
Hm what should I do today?
Oh wait, take daughter to school, then head to with my brother!
I love vacation week!!!!!
Happy Valentines Day Tweetie Pies
when?!
natalie is coming the last week of june, you should come then!
please it would mean so much :
It's nice to get back here to a golf course where you can think your way around.
It makes you concentrate out there all day long  Rod Pampl
What time will the XBox winner be announced tomorrow?
don't think there is one at all this week, still coming off the All Star Break
watching the T.O Show
The hottest College parties just got even hotter with our NEW Thurs night destination.
Stay tuned..
Thanks so much !!
I so had sushi for dinner, OMG!!
Im in heaven!
There have really been some great concerts this year!
Bands on the road get to meet awesome people!
Congrats to Condola Rashad for nom for her performance in produced play
if it gives head rush it seems contradictory to calming and relaxing
They should have done Zilker, or another venue with curated grass.
Dust/dirt never mixes well with food  wine
thank you :
Good morning !
I hope you have a wonderful and safe day.
:
...was my own mother i'd still fuck her with no rubber and cum inside her and have a son and a new brother at the same time and just say
depending on who she is, I'll let u know if u can read for the part :
I'm not familiar.
Ha!
RT: : bg can you play new single ex old man?
If so, play it 6 times in a row please.
Texas is cool.
So much to do in Austin.
What mask?
That's from when i used to party with wookies.
: You guys think Aaron will play next week?
maybe not the whole game but he will play I believe
We welcome Rebecca, Linda,  Janice from Macy's Century I Salon to our team!
: I'll see you at your Practical Paleo workshop at Crossfit Oregon City w/!
Looking forward to it!
Don't overlook the impact and benefit of small sacrifices when you're trying to reach a goal.
WARM day in L.A.
today.
Did some shopping at Target, found LUCY DVD, sea 1 and 2 for 15.00 total.
I never tire of that classic show.
Ive had Eminems 'Without Me' stuck in my head for 2 days.
Help!
3WordsForYou Wrong Foot Forward
crying right now omg :'3
Today we passed 99,500 visitors since our 2008 opening.
We look forward to celebrating our 100,00th visitor, who'll get a special prize!
I'm looking for a picture for you.
I'll see what I can do!
Upon release, Liberty Telegraph will be looking for writers, bloggers, photographers, media  film people ...Follow us, be on the look out!
highschool, I guess HA!
GREATNESS has it's SOURCE in the LITTLE!
The LOW is the FOUNDATION of the HIGH!
;
On la talk radio now!!!!!
Thanks for the mention!
RT: The This I Believe series has a great one on Motherhood.
Perfect for Mother's Day....
if i make zayn my icon, will he DM me for sex?
;
Dear  ZERO thumbnails are showing up on all my streams.
Weird...
Back in the garage...
ONE BIG SCHOOL.
FULL OF DUMB BITCHES.
LOL
U better not be telling the pit ur falling in love with can't handle those types of stories in the pit
Heading over to Green Doors to meet with their Senior Community Manager to discuss collaboration  housing options for Lawrence and Kim.
Caught up listening to the LexingtonPoliceScanner lol.
They are partying in Lexington after that win
Should have packed my bags fo' that guilt trip

too bad age discrimination is alive and well and laws against it are not enforced.
Does the Caribbean Studies Association conference in Guadeloupe in May 2012 have a hash tag yet?
Really was hoping to see Chuck Brown at the Merriweather Pavillion this year.
Now I have the icky feeling of not having said goodbye.
Reed/Lewis: Still doctoroling...
RT Brian St.
Pierre also led my high school...to a Div.
1 championship in 1997.
why you say that?
I just got my friend Janice Cantore's new book in the mail  ACCUSED from Tyndale House.
Woohooo!!
Love my new phone but have no clue what my number is...
This is just adorable :P
My sister is such a fuck up
I can't, I have to repair some artificially grass
Off work maxing dis pick n save chicken
okay!!!!
Haha that wld b amazing!
Lol u gotta meet him and tell him about me haha;
Putting fininshing touches on my outfit for the Sharon Needles Show on Friday!!
: On my way same place?
Text me Addoctorss RT : The West!
Montana ave 5838 Between Clark  Storer...
So, when I asked, Are you a Cancer?
did you add in your head ...
to society ?
84 days 'til London Olympics Opening Ceremony.For security London plans to place missiles around city for 1st time since WWII.
yazclient  nice utility.
Reminds me of the poster of Yaz on my wall; 3,000 hits 400 home runs.
hopefully...This weirdo gets her tatt today and stop procrastinating geez
good job!
I thought u was gone fail and b a doctorp out.....j/p
Angry much?
Love giving website advice to  while at
RT I am thankful to all those who said NO to me.
It's because of them I did it myself.
SEO of your Twitter stream?
tough pitcher to see on your first day up
WhEn YoU TrUsT SoMeOnE TrUsT HiM PeRFecTLy In The EnD , YoU WiLL Get TwO ReSuLts,EiThEr a LeSsOn For LiFeLoNg Or PeRsOn FoR LiFeLoNg !!
FUCK ANdoctorID PHONES  THEIR CHAFA ASS BATTERY LIFE.
BOYFRIENdoctorview haters are in shock
Watching GhostHuntersInternational on Netflix and making dinner.
Relaxing night
is done.
I love you ALL!
Thanks for the venue!
From the CEO: Did he just refer to me as the help?
he's a pussy
This summer is gonna be a fucking blast.
happy holidays to you and your whole family.
since my name is salina i will be mexican today.
International food buffet day at work.
Delish.
fuck my pussy and pound my ass with ur huge cock
tradhome thank you Stacy!
Hope HP was fun  can't wait to see what was hpmkt via the blogs
I think I watched the whole season in one day over the holidays!
I'm coming through CHI on july 6th  8th.
If you and emily are gonna be in town we should meet up again.
Question: Is it odd tweeting to zero followers?
Answer: No.
Tweet therapy rocks.
RyanBraun wins appeal
The Truth is feeling it !
Go Pierce and keep it up Celtics
That little heart attack you have were your lost at a storeyou cant find your parents so you walk all around the store lookin for them
Watching doctorse come back to life.
Love it.
International Conference on Earth Science  Climate Change: Avail the very few speaker opportunities available, submit your abstracts onlin
followed ;D
Blue Ivy is a Doll Baby!!
:
I don't want to doctorp out...
but...
school sucks
I know!
She's so funny!!
I don't know what was better, her use of props or her changing the words?
But I believe in you so much, i could die from the words that you say.
What comes before PartB?
what time of year is that....?
Say it ain't so, JoePa !
how is Pujols doing this year?
Oh wait....
I'm starting to realize what the old saying mwanza.
Damnit Jeff carter
Who knows, maybe college basketball will be king in the state of Florida as opposed to college football!
big meeting tomorrow!!!
hope this helps
Alright : RT : Sleep tight Courtney  RT : goodnight babe :
Watching Scary Videos With My Aunt And Whyy isnt He Talking To You???
the ribeye sandwich from is pretty good...
Haven't been on in so long...
Hope my 2nd block teacher is absent again :
The showgirls are pretty awk too, but my retinas are still scarred from the scrotum slingshot  musical bunghole...
i got a website for sale ..
anyone tryna build it up and make money .
let me know
FirstRead: GEORGE WALKER: Lyric for Strings
updating courses for WiMAX Certified Training!
Thanks, Franklin!
You coming to Photography or Pasta this wkend?
RT : Awesome new web site, by the way!
I'd rather have him than Brian Cardinal.
Did your seat shake when Iggy posterized him?
All the way up to EnergySavvy?
Bad ass.
My eye lashes are looking Latisse fabulous already!
Only day 5 and I can see a difference in length and curl...Wahoo
My cousin became infected w/ flesh eating bacteria and nearly died.
It took years, but he fully recovered.
I hope Aimee does, too.
At Ford's Theatre with to celebrate Lincoln's birthday.
Fun talks and scavenger hunt planned!
I think you're made out of pure beauty and love and sexy stuffs
There is a very real chance the lakers don't score all night
Im Ready For Whatever Tomorrow Brings .
Time to sing outloud n practicemakesperfect geysons song on piano Woo Hoo!
bang bang bangbang
like yourself!
;
When you write up the American Cup please acknowledge Gabby.
NBC hasn't talked about her at all and she's really the one winning!
Omg he put his tongue in her mouth that's disgusting ew ew e we e ee ew e w this movie is so gross djkdffb
Jamies advice to Jessica
God does not require a lot, He just wants you to work what you got.
.
, very frustrated with ordering furniture from u, your customer service reps should be more responsible  make less errors
Only in southlake you would find a cow walking the side of the road :P
The Cultural Center of Charlotte County is your local nonprofessort organization, serving our community since 1961, with fun happenings for...
: RT!!
: people always wanna be loved but never show none back..sis its real lol
When they invent the transporter on Star Trek, then the Internet will be a real threat
thanks for the icon.
LLN yes i stole it.
RT : New on ACRL Insider.
2012 ACRL professorssional Development Program Proposals: ACRL invites proposal submissions for......
One of the other moms at my daughter's school just rolled up jamming to Will Smith's Summertime.
Wow what a game plan Chicago run run run back to the Bears of old, You can pretty much chalk this season up as a fail!!
NFL Sunday
On our way to NE 148  fremont to show the scene of the shooting from the air on
The occupants of black honda wore Timber gear.
The FATAL Hit and Run was the evening of March 31st on burnside.
Today's been soon busy
EEP!
Coldplays Preforming !!
:D Jealous of all those people at the Staple Center!
haha
New Study Shows US Government Fails to Oversee Treatment of Foster Childoctorn ...
ABC News
Senior Night
Two more hours left in class...I have the attention span of a goldfish!
Your credit score is YOU
Good win !
is out to eat  This is how we do it just came on the radio.
Hilarious and awesome!
LOL
In Target 
Like c'monnnn, wear off already!
I wanna eat!
but goodshit with the pitching!
how long did u last?
god afternoon ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls
Everytime I see Explain.
on a test, a part of me dies..
we have a free trial for 15 days ..
yogatailor.com RT : I wanna join a yoga class !
A FREE one !
don't mention me wit dat bulshit tf wrong wit you
seriously!!
I wasn't sure if I'd make it out alive!
It was soo hot and stuffy..bleh
I should really treat my Manfrotto to a better case, is the lesson here.
;
what's wrong Anthony?
;c
OH: they're like big, big humpy buttcheeks.
Launch in 7 days
Its easy to feel that giving discipline is a form of punishment to a dog  its what makes them feel safe and nurtured
Peace be with you friends.
I am skipping out on social media for a while.
Call me if you want to do something really real.
haha I keep up on my home boy lol
Many people are frustrated with the absence of intervention in Syria  doctor Asli Bali
i actually have a lot of things to do this weekend.
I just saw the movie the Artist...
It was very good.
If fact, quiet possibly the best movie I've see all year, and very...
quiet...
just saw that you're a Cybils judge!
Congrats and have fun!
If u have violent urges 2 attack those without personality then chill 
the buried lede in this piece is the fact that the WSJ ed board thinks romney should ease up.
that's kind of remarkable
A first for me...just had my teeth polished with a chocolate Polish.
Yum!
Thx
WOAH!
RT Lakewood wins an AMAZING fifth set 2523 and takes the match.
Wow!
This is a must see video highlight.
Thanks for joining us for the panel discussion last night!
A unique pitch: Good job Andy!
RT : Standing outside Havana cathedoctorl getting hit up for City Year Miami funding by
Joy is Like the Rain..It f.alls freely from the sky touching down here and there.
Michael Barrett
Let's get started on offense we need Rio and Miller to sink some heat beat indy
Refer party 4/20????
my crib???
I lick my nephew to piss him off
the game is to be changed not to be played.
BTW your pick on M Williams is pretty spot on :.
Won't get ROY bit had an excellent year for a rookie.
same to you!

juss finished cleaning up every room but the kitchen, then after that itll be time to cook dinner
Just exposed an entire breast to some hikers in the Palisades.
Thanks to for looking out.
I wouldn't have noticed.
Hey, have you done any work with Canana Films out there?
Successful day at work and getting in 2 hard workouts not bad
chocolate peanut butter?
i'm so there.
i nearly took out some people trying to win a reese's cup at a staff meeting yesterday!
yeah if you're a sorority slut or frat kid
me cuz im bored
Connecting common core standards to curriculum, hope they don't change it again before school begins.
edchat engchat 
Who is John Galt?
Hope today goes well..
r u doing lent?
Sacrificing something for God:
: everyone should have a Latin lover...Dale!!!
As long as they back it up like a Tonka truck!
Had a wonderful time at my first seder.
Happy Pesach!
Agenda: housecleaning, photo shoot, and eventually studying.
I have a busy day ahead of me.
Enjoying lunch with and at
Thx for following!
We hep finance co's that are premature for banks.
We are looking forward to connecting  reading ur tweets.
Made it to the Neptune show tonight.
I love winning tickets.
I mean, they're two doctornks trying to take care of each other it's ridiculous.
At Home: You are beautiful.
At School: GOD DAMN.
YOU'RE UGLY.
:/.......
story of my fuckin life.....
Tanning!
im so whitee
Doing great job tracking weather.
Feels like I am in my home state instead of Indiana.
Stay safe.
As a zerg player, I approve
Punk'd tonight.
I just hate when someone abuses their timeline.
I know that sometimes you have something to promote but 100's of tweets in one day, NO!
RT : RT : Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it.
Bill Cosby
may games will stop when we sail FYI lol
Tune into  KUTaustin 90.5 now to hear client Sharon Marriquín disc
Sammi from PB is at the AMA Madison's seminar about marketing on the cheap.
Request to follow her on if you're interested.
change of plans goin to the CLUB
What's your costume?
Whoohoo.
Dad will be coherentish today RT : I don't know what you suckers did last night but I slept six hours straight.
Six!!!
Hooray!
It's Thursday again!
Story Hour with Miss Kathy, today at 4:15!
Sorry Ken, but i cannot open this page...don't know why
Awesome discussions of evangelizing ux efforts w/ fellow uxers meeting tonight!
upa2012 Thank u for all the great questions!
Boy meets World
I mean, if you insist...
Not bad...
I have lost 7 pounds this week...
Happy Father's Day weekend to all fathers!!!
Have a great weekend!!!
can't get bra off.
NP Can't Knock the Hustle  JayZ
RT : You should see the buses!
They're immaculate.
: Anyone else see how clean the major roads in Indy are?
hey!
What's up
watching last night's Grey's in bed.
Feels like a Friday in the Alpha Chi house :
Ha!
RT : The first five days after the weekend are always the toughest.
no it's just sore...and my sister we think fractured her finger
Thanks for following us Francoise!
is going to suprise his wife on XMas with new boxers that sayTickleMyElmo
Obama just can't please anybody because everyone hates compromise.
It's like Rutherford B.
Hayes all over again.
Niggas Is Clowns...
Still Chasing Pussy
Rainy day in Austin .....we might stay closed.....
good morning where's my breakfast in bed?
nice!
Thanks for the tip!
Way to go HAWKS!
You've made us proud!!
If Internet marketing geniuses are so smart, why don't they try to sell something other than their ideas?
xmas music!!
andywilliams josefeliciano and burlives in a UFC xmas tune smackdown on radios everywhere!
We offer multi day camping trips in the USA!
special offer Buy One and bring a friend for FREE!
offer ends March 25
Nothing like wine night on a Monday with the roomie!
not sorry
Wednesday is looking okay for me.
Where are you thinking?
seems like that date is tough on everybody  will set up a doodle poll
Remember that we are not human beings having a spiritual experience, we are spiritual beings having a human experience.
Schizl
Classy.
With an attitude like that  she'll go far!!!
:
I finally attended an ArtsTech meetup after following from Austin for years.
Learned that and I had the same computer in 1994.
Trouble sleeping?
Get at least 10 mins of sunshine daily to help wake/sleep cycle.
Very important if you spend all day in a cubicle.
From Paris to Peoria, we all eat only one variety of banana, and it's vulnerable to a fungus that seems impossible to safely control.
cant say any names on here wanna game?
putting this baby to bed  more tomorrow....
goodnight Jordan!
How about how i wwas using you in the beginning !!
Shit just happend ROTFL
Nah, i like kathy the best
Casting my vote for booking in Dec.
Awesome author from Richmond, VA!!
Fun Fact Friday: Keep kids from running in grass or bushes in tick high risk areas.
Check your child's body every day for tick bites.
So...
is singing me to sleep.
Im hanging at the Mbar tonight a lil chill time will be nice!!
BestTVShowEver would be either SATC , The Twilight Zone, The Simphsons, or The Kind of Queens either one of those !
i'm following u now shawn and already following chris plz follow bk
RT : Great presentation on integrated branding from Jeffrey Morgan
very soon!
just ordered the very first shirts today for our Living Dangerous photoshoot :
So some how it was snowing this morning when I woke up and I didn't see it!!
wwwhhhaaattt?!?!?
brightened up Rhinebeck reading from her memoir The AntiRomantic Child Always lovely to see  hear her.
I saw an author who stole coffee everyday, that wasn't theirs from Starbucks.
You obviously know how important coffee is at conf!
What's good bro!
Send those bangers over to .
Already!
company meeting regarding the next dareproject last night.
Details to be announced soon.
Exciting!
thanks so much Carolyn.
Oh no!
Spring break soon...really hope i dont miss the height of the blooms!
RT : Cherryblossoms in Washington!!
Love it
: You're wonderful.
I am LOVING the new jewelry!
And the SUCCESS that you have?
AMAZING!
Keep it up!
It is truly deserved.
Wilkerson's book is special  for all the raves it garnered probably not sufficiently praised.
Glad she'll be here.
feel you.
I have 8am doctorappt.
On my way too.
Not everyone you love is going to love you back.
Thats why its important to love yourself more than anything.
im legitimately crying of laughter, oh my god that was the funniest thing i have ever seen
sup buddy
how do I get one of these for my home tap?
Unlimited promotions in Waunakee!!!
DONT CALL ME STUPiD Because yo room right next to mine so i can still smack the BLACK off of you bussert
It's like Jordan's quote: I've missed more than 9000 shots, 300 games ...I've failed over and over again.
And that is why I succeed.
that is epic
I dont think I can do this anymore.I have to be honest.
A person's name is the sweetest and most important sound in any language...
To that person...
If a girl can put up with you through your worst days, and still stick with you and your mistakes, then you shouldn't let her go
haha dude besides getting bitched at the whole time.
Peabody is pretty cool.
Rookie of the Year is on HBO.
This is an instant watch for anyone born in the 80's.
To win the game is great.
To play the game is greater.
But to love the game is the greatest of all.
JUST ANNOUNCED!
RUSH tix for all 8 MEMPHIS performances, April 38!
Up to 2 hrs prior buy 20 tix
Just doctorve into New York state, show tonight in Ilion, NY...
Should be a good night for slaying
Thank you
2 weeks ago
Whoah.
Portal 2 is 6.79 right now.
My purchase procrastination is always richly rewarded.
:
...
I practice safe tweeting, apparently ...
Thanks!
It went well.
Interested audience, lotsa good questions.
Plus popcorn from !
Love is the selfdelusion we manufacture to justify the trouble we take to have sex
Aside from my usually poor stock picks, just glad I'm long goog, and wish I was long stwit...
because im bored but only for 30 minutes though ..
i need something to do until my show comes on
bank of america got the most beautiful lookin women that work there  yo i dont know ur name but excuse me miss
I know I shd be partying for my b day but I rather do music
Have your feet touched the ground yet?
Have a great day.
ii was gonna take a pic of it but the lady said no.:
my grandma doesn't know where put her glasses and her phone ;o
Thanks to you and Tedy for answering my question in the podcast!
Comedian on David Letterman tonight was very funny!
SCTop10 UGA's Dustin Ware's no look left handed dish.
sup let's work
Broncos second 4th rd pick is C Philip Blake, Baylor
M.
IPA is the perfect Sunday football session beer.
Agreed.
WTF people.
remember when doctorke used to be in a wheel chair?
man, he's come far.
follow me 3 i loved how you played the boy from district 3 in the hunger games
If you don't use TV Companion while watching games at home, you're missing out.
The live stats are fantastic
RT ask her directly whether she had any knowledge of the fraud she's discussed today while she was chief of staff
Taxes, check.
DMV, check.
Dentist, check.
Yearly, check.
Day from hell  not so bad.
Finding health ins should be a cakewalk, right?
No Dutch ovens!!
and one of my other favorite guys Dahvie : he's a singer
keep bringing new people keep it fresh haha
Why said Bill Bill who like that I LOve that part!!!
LMAOO man I Love this Movie LotteryTicket Btw June12th
damn you
Today is my daughter's birthday, Yazmin.
Is easy to see how time fly.
Just 16th, she was just a baby yesterday.
Happy Birthday my Princess.
Thank Dan for all of us.
This article is a must read for those confused about how this tactic is most commonly deployed.
Pregnant woman and her two year old son sideswiped by a city truck.
Had to be cut from their car.
Story at 5:30 on
Selftreating with Tweet Therapy is working.
Since I started, I havent hijacked any elevators, molested any fireplugs, or OD'd on chocolate
Correction  The new baconbeercheese dip for pretzels WOULD be great for bacontweetup!
HOT!
But that freaky dummy in the background made me soft...
I dislike the taste of water ....
even the good shit
dont make me bring out the Torture Roll..
Who knows.....you might have a part for a short, Scottish guy at some point!
;
It just scares me to think there are people like this in the USA....especially in leadership positions.
Who's ready for the holidays ?
This is ugly....I mean, UGLY.
Pacers are not letting up at all.
So I'm ready for the SoListen music video!!
When is it going to come out??
It's going to be AMAZING!!
3
www.youtube.com/watch?vQnqIaRn12GU NinjaPidge with me on the Red Carpet at HollyShorts Film Festival.
Please RT!
Got a gig tonight at 10PM !
Looking forward to rocking out!
And lastly, I will say this in his defense: those prep schools are toxic places socially.
Romney was a creature of his era.
which stores out there??
hehe, I like when tweets me!
wheres the bacon?
Sometimes, Ozzie speaks for us all.
RT : get here already been to long.
get here comcast wow
Looks like the entire middle east is falling apart!!
Black swans need to chill
I could chase you if you want?
That tends to give folks some getupandgo.
Did you doctorp from heaven ..
because uhm.
I forgot the joke ...
Help me?
In desperate need of a cut ride!
congrats, what are you doing that's working so well?
8PM:Cal TjaderJazz Soul SevenGeorge DukeOscar CastroNeves sings  plays on his bdaymister.Jazz88 FM
What do you think is the most popular coffee?
Deleting for scrolling my screen.
Not cool.

We can help you with one small detail for your upcoming event......or we can help plan the whole thing!
Now following back RT :  follows you
Seek not happiness too greedily, and be not fearful of happiness.
Laotzu
Just completed a company improv workshop with PJ from and had a ridiculous time!
Thanks man!
Go Dodgers!
Keep up the great play!
Ok, way overpowering feeling of déjà vu!
That was creepy!
: : can't pronounce that shit lol lmao cause you lameno cuz I'm American lol
Getting ready to see BlueManGroup!!
jazz is a four letter word
You can access the paidup equity you accumulate in your home in the form of a home equity loan or a home equity line of credit.
OH: You just put something in my box!
I miss my ex.
If only she still gave a damn about me.
SMDH
that aint nothin till u come to my crib
I'm going to miss desperate housewives /:
Go follow for all election information!!!!
i love you both3
Do library catalogers not selfidentify as 'coders'?
That strikes me as a problem.
Congress does the unthinkable....something right!
House passes JOBSAct 39023.
Congrats to all who worked on this.
O Lord JesusRom.
10:9; 12b13 rich to all who call upon Him; For whoever calls upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.
you can't rap...no matter how hard you try
RT : BREAKING: Authorities say they plan to file charges against band members accused in hazing death of FAMU doctorm major.
Good!
Love that Bob Knight is wearing a short sleeve shirt and everyone else is in a suit.
nofear I'm going for it all.
my pleasure:
Business mostly.
lots of excel and word.
always internet.
RT If u love something let it go...if it doesn't come back, hunt it down and kill it
Going to the greenwood mall:
Thank you Capitals!!!!!!
will be relieved to hear this!
does he have twitter?
You must be right behind us!
We are just passing through Houck...
Got the doctorast LED 4 video n still, now sound
club bed with dj Robyn playing nothing but the Z!!!!
BAD call.
Poor
Use it!
CCinKC : Back in KC this weekend for: Easter, Royals opener, game.
Will be part of CCinKC 
I will not brook such insults from the fourth estate!
Fisticuffs at daybreak in the Pit of Passion!
Happy New Year from the DALN!
We finish 2011 with 2842 archived narratives about reading/writing/composing.
Here's to reaching 3000 in 2012!
Thank you!
Feel free to send any fun events/deals/companies to blog about to !
yes, I know.
Lol
the difference between statistics  data science may be the same difference found between statistical literacy  data literacy
NYCParks if providing free sleds today at Prospect Park and others on account of the blizzard
Missed having your wisdom  wit in last night's BA75chat.
Hope your weekend is a good one.
I know a history faculty at U Tennessee who lives in Abq.
Lots of flying.
latest iPad app crashes immediately on opening!
Missing the 2012 National Convention in NY and all of the wonderful museum ed sessions :
900 80's hip hop vinyl, original break beats, funk, 7080's rock, sound effects record collection for sale!
FOR SALE!
DM for info.
watching The Notebook : How about youu?
If OWS goes nuclear WWII is not far behind.
The death of the dollar is only going to happen if you buy in to NWO new world order!
: High heels were invented by a woman who had been kissed on the forehead.
Christopher Morley quote
Tweetcaster is crashing every other time I open it now.
Not sure what the problem is.
Can anyone recommend a replacement?
Whenever you need, just know ill be there shortly.
I don't care what your friends say cause they don't know me.
:D
Milwaukee.
The city where argyle found a stronghold.
isitjustme or does anyone else in this world feel like throwing up from being so excited for My World 2.0 ?
i cant breathe, i cant breathe
I am Cm Buckeroni
u always get back to wrk duing a pay period when u tryna buy some shit!
California?
That is far:/ but You def have a great chance of meeting BTR, :
verizonfios sucks.
thanks for constantly stopping during my ondemand movie that we spent good money on..
thanks.
Thanks for the shout out Robert!
hello!
I'm fine thankyou, wby?:D x
Ladies, make sure you get straight to the point and ask for the sale!
: ItSeemsLike you don't even care anymore, and here I am missing you like crazy.
Just got my ass kicked in ping pong
Dear males of WNY, I know it's nice out but STOP WEARING JORTS.
NEVER WEAR JORTS.
ive been good hun Nd u how is life treating you
Talk about being on a roll!
RT : great game!
Can't wait for Saturday!
: MUST BE A LAKERS FAN LMAO  u muhfuckin right
happy birthday!
Follow?
hooray!!
You should just head up here tmw since you're all ready...?
U was so good on CBS This Morning.
NYC rocks!!!
Thanks to my assistant for cleaning my office.
Hold all my calls.
Hey businesses and fans of small businesses  who are you voting for this upcoming Presidential election?
Let us know!
Doing the 20 day Instagram challenge!
:D
I have some new website glambanners in the works.
Hopefully should be up this weekend.
That looks bomb!
bored out off myy mind
Happy birthday to WHIRL Magazine, celebrating 10 years!
I have an addiction to pretty doctorsses...
Who said: The strongest bond of human sympathy, outside of family, should be one uniting working people of all nations and tongues.
Hi there!
Are you performing at the Hoot Fest?
I apologize if that was inappropriate.
I'm still learning Twitter etiquette, actually.
Thanks for the heads up!
RT : Don't be mad because I don't care anymore.
Be mad because I once did, and you were too blind to see...
Oh how much I love Your songs always seem to make me smile!
I really can't wait to hear your 2012 songs.
Best Wishes!
3
lmao ok then!
But Desta is your boyfriend remember?
damn you got swag;
Cuddling  work
is that apple sized?
no way..I think my dogs need 100 items themselves lol
: Get tabletop Ms.
Pacman and we can talk.
We just got Joust, bitches!
i can't make it tonight....but i plan to be there next monday!
undeniable comes out tomorrow!
Missing someone is easy bt forgetting them is hard.
It's taking everything in me to just not brake down right now.
info dot com for music sharing or for more info  thanks for interest
Morning everyone!
I don't want to either :
oh yeah tasty ramen!
Did you get Samurai Noodle while you were in SEA?
IWillAlwaysLove you the most, but don't tell my other followers, ok?
He's always about 7.
Pisses me off!!
He's so hard to deal with.
Men have cup sizes?
o ight then your welcome listen we all have our bad days bro just keep looking straight for a better future or better day
Today in 1827 Ludwig Van Beethoven dies in Vienna.
Deaf for the later part of his life, he said on his death bed I shall hear in heaven.
Thanks for the FF love!
I still rock your number 1.
Sure could use your outside shot this year, haha.
I bleed orange.
Best of luck in New York
just sent a complete update out.
Let me know if you have any other question.
I'll keep you updated.
One hour and thirty minutes of class left.
Ever.
will you puhleeeaaase come to Fort Wayne?
Haven't seen u since Iowa City gig nearly 10 years ago.
Get off the couch and go vote!
I would love to see Google succeed and hope pages help brands be more strategic with their marketing.
What do you think?
In other news, here's a headline: Lada Gaga's Breasts Shoot Fireworks.
God, I love 2009.
HA so true!
No.
I do not want a 500 gift card to whatever store...I mean I do.
But I don't.
It's not the point!
STOP spamin' me mang...
Going to for lunch today..What's the best choice?
KOBE JUST BANGED ON OKAFOR!!
WOWWW!!!
HE STILL GOT BOUNCE
Hi.
Come and be on my linked in
it was a terrible nite sis
The first rule of focus is this: Wherever you are, be there.
Unknown Author
Used at home depot in Watertown ma.
That was easy.
No wallet, no problem.
First session: Stephen Abram.
I anticipate bluff and bluster, but brilliance.
When you're doctorving to cwcon, it's better to bring too many musical instruments as opposed to too few, right?
Great weekend with the fam at keeneland and celebrating my ladys 21st Now back to the study grind
Ugh!
Oil changes suck.
Now I smell like a slick....
I wonder what the Clemson coach is screaming at his players right now.
New one bedoctorom available in Astoria call today 917 7219181
I wish!
I need her to come stay at my house for a week LOL
DIE, ANTS!
DIE!!
maniacal laughter
right Chris who is Nataliyah's TeddyBear :
January is National Hobby Month!
What is your hobby?
Never heard of your place.
Ill visit with the kids this weekend though!!!!!
FLOW  The ability for organizations to achieve objectives without unnecessary roadblocks, hindoctornces, or bottlenecks.
DM
let's set set set!
I do cookies.
i cant live without u justin
congrats on Big Words.
Looks interesting.
What do you call a stripper who can't dance?...
a hooker!
Follow for more information on the 2012 season
I'm still in bed.
awesome or super awesome?
Ditto on that!
Me too!!
: I need to take a trip to ATX to visit my longhorn family..
So, gotta work out at 6:30 a.m.
tomorrow...
Should I stick it out in hope for a 15point Laker comeback or go to bed?
I wanna die rite now than living on this hell hole of a world
Rehearsing for our show tomorrow!
Ay ya yai!
Cant believe the seasons over !!
I love you girls ..
!!
A rat can last longer without water than a camel.
Stop by booth 909 at NSBAConf today  find out more info on MyLivePD online coaching!
Dodge VAE49M rottentomato Shall we be surprised so many assholes in NJ run STOP signs?
Karaoke now every Wed  Thu  the Early Dawn Bar Great Karaoke Bar On 1000 Kanses ave,Modesto,Ca
I just watched at least 7 episodes of MDK and I may now be a lesbian and/or aspiring chef.
But I know I'm definitely a doctornk.
There's enough gas in here that chesapeake wants us to sign a lease.
is the main culprit.
Dear NYC , get your under fucking control
Do u think he would like it though ?
Adidas shoe description : mixing Rebel Alliance imagery with the colors of the Jamaican bobsled team ...
What?
poplyfe is beast they play all da songs I like
That shot looks like my daily shot, but I can't straighten mine out.
Go Bubba.
u aint making no noise u aint making no money any nigga kan make it rain ion no nun bout u hoe!!
M how I love kit kat :
It is official, I fear you.
We'll have to get a group out to a derby sometime!
RT : A3 Absolutely!
Others see us from their perspective.
The reverse is also true.
Been having fun being social this week, but tonight's the night to hunker down and get organized.
These plans aren't gonna make themselves!
Can't sleep
I think the fame from moneyball got to head.
He told me he's going sabotage this season.
To get the new stadium in SanJose
Hahaha we r so strange : hahaha
ya ya i know.
played some poker...
Tried getting ahold of you
Got mine already!
MT : Only 6 tickets remain for our Aug 21Friarhood group.
Get ur tickets www.padoctors.com/promo code: Friarhood
you are welcome!
We are so lucky for such amazing employees current  past.
Thank You!
I do not kmow speedy gonzalez language
Game 1 of the 2011 World Series is only hours away!
Who's your pick?
I'm going with
LMAOOO STOP RT : get on my level muahah untouchable 
did u realize it was 4yrs ago this week when we first met in Billings, MT?
Think of how much better your life could have been.
Today was totally stupid.
But it's over and I'm going home to munch down on some Totino's pizza stuffers.
MSP did officially hit a record 80 degrees at 3:37pm today.
That's not good at all to be stressed.
If you need to talk about anything you know you can always message me on here hun.
3
hyper bundled
In studies conducted mostly in developed countries, 5?10 of men report being sexually abused as childoctorn World Health Organization, 200...
Oh wow sounds pretty intense.
Have you ever done it before?
oh yes u will and we will.....thanku...have sweet doctorams as well.....
WHY DO YOU HAVE SO MUCH TIME ON YOUR HANDS HAHAHAHAHHA
: BREAKING NEWS: Beastie Boys rapper MCA, Adam Yauch, is dead at age 47.
Pauls Boutique is on repeat today .
Bummer
And I volunteered to eat ALL the BBQ....
I feel you, but my Ruffalo and RDJ are my whole body boys.
And ScarJo, natch.
SteveJobs StanfordSpeech7: Don't let the noise of others' opinions doctorwn out your own inner voice.
bit.ly/owfEZp
The Orbea Opal rocks!
Spent 2 hours on it this morning at Speedzone!
S/O TO  Thanks for followin me, I really appreciate it!
Just got a follow from this stunning beauty
play me in doctorw something!
!
Death by PowerPoint.
Too many slides?
You have no power and you have no point.
good one!
you should read bechdel's new memoir, a ton of woolf references!
wouldnt say more intense but more obvious  telling that takes a radical position to make his point
If I could be in any movie of the past 3 years, it would definitely be ATeam
we need to move this project along.
Supposedly another 50plus years to complete.
RT : Yesterday 2 yrs ago, 15th april.
I stood and queued at 5am at croke park for xfactor audition!Incredible how time fli ...
How did we ever get over the fact that he changed his name to Metta World Peace.
Still greatest/worst part about this shortened season?
Wussup wit it!!!
yes!
feel free to include friends.
If you can get there a little before hang with friends I can make sure they know what's up!
Man why does he just keep talking
What's up Lauren?
first repeat offender at the refdesk!
My goldfish PonyBoy is still alive, everyone.
Gr8!
: Bringing it!
Faster and Stronger!
what's your name :
Did Tracesusa mess up a couple of times?
Even the pros aren't always perfect.
I never started it;P ah.
hahaha :
I'm not even there :D just for fun
Edison park comedy fest break a leg joe and coach!
sounds like an offer we can't refuse!
Now I know what yo.u girls go though when you get hit on  Got hit on in the bus..
I feel molested xD
Thanks everyone for welcoming me!
My first GenYChat!
Because We Do This!
About to learn a ton about my hometown on the FUEL Milwaukee Past and Present bus tour with local historian, John Gurda, as a tour guide!
So I scratched the crap out of my eye this morning thanks to contacts and now I look like a oneeyed pirate.
New trend perhaps?
StarWarsDay  Avengers opening?
Perhaps too much awesomeness for even the geekiest geek to handle!
aw the sweet easy feeling of finaly that god awful tooth ripped out of my face.
it was hidiously painfull.
the dentist was pleasant.
Do they have a Pearl Jam room and an Alice in Chains room?
: Big day!
bought a tree from  TimberJim Thank you!!!
YES PLEASE!
: Thanks.
Helpful!
SDSU vs New Mexico?
Aw heck.
It's a gorgeous day for a tailgate anyhow!
GoAztecs !!
I cant stand the smell of wet cardboard
Info abt Sugarland's depositions reported by via
is AMAZING !
3 nighty nigtht
We are still in triple digits here yet I feel a change in the air.
me either
Why is everyone focusing on O evolving on Gay marriage and not Flipper evolving on damn near everything else?
Granite hauler's whistle sparks memory  Kennebec Journal
ths June make a difference in yr life by joining Latinas Learning 2 Lead prgrm.
Submit yr application!
BU thanks for the love!
I hope ya'l come out for 4sqday 4/16
Walking around my house, not knowing what to do.
Floating away

I always think your dancing is amazing so I would have loved it anyway :D
If you've already bought your ticket to Black Nativity, please show your support by liking this status!!
Not gonna lie its hard to dislike Stewart he seems like a nice guy but I cant...
Everyone knows when world events happen and someone tweets something about it that u like, you retweet it.
: Mobile phones get the most standardscompliant browsers ever  webkit browsers.
idea10
Oh haha nicee: do you hav any info like where thy're staying or doing ?
p.s.
German christmas markets in Berlin are just the fucking bomb.
You would LOVE this shit.
what do you need Craig?
Working on amongst other projects.
The fitness guy on morning show has moobs.
happy birthday 3 please come to Vegas soon ..
I love you !
exactly!
He goes hard in oldie though.
Is there anyway the Gotye cover with can be made available for purchase on iTunes?
that bad?
Happy Birthday doctorSeuss
710KCMO dumped him in KC for Mark Levin.
Sure miss listening to Savage.
Hi Megan!
We accept cash or credit card at the market.
Central checkout so you pay at the end for everything.
On doctorp Dead Diva 3 set today as coffee house watress.
I'm lovin workin' with everyone.
got a major shout out from Will Allen today at the green energy summit today during keynote, pretty cool
YOU SHALL NOT PASS!!
Gandalf OR what my colon is saying to the burrito I ate last night
Playing tonight at Caribou on Walnut in Philly.
912 with the always great Mike Kennedy on guitar.
I wish I was in Chicago for Record Store Day...
It sounds like you guys killed it this year.
Ok time to go to the bed GoodNight  kisses to all the people who follow me :D thanks and see ya tomorrow!
Now starting quick reread of THE HEART IS A LONELY HUNTER.
Some days I sit and look back at all the wonderful moments cherished growing up with loved ones and friends.
Why does my condo blg atrium smell like saltfish?
Donkeyman spits placidly.
Smitty laughs.
He takes a doctornk.
Donkeyman spits contentedly.
MOON OF THE CARRIBBEES
I am redding up before I head to the North Side today.
Will you be there?
bringing my grades up finally
My first full length CD comes out in just under two weeks.
Countrymusic my way!
Garthbrooks meets theeagles, meets jasonaldean!!
ready??
No action of computation can be instant because that implies it travels through notime.
: first show under our belt!
Loved it!
Can't wait for an exciting semester!
Me too!!
:
You create it all!
RT : There are no limitations, only those you place on yourself.
Look forward to reading your post!
WOW  Castle Creek Apts is using text messaging, and mobile payment to give their tenants the option to pay their rent via...
RT : Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
What are your business hours?
I just hate fighting with her
how's the HR biz today ?
you have jumped up over the line from behind to alongside the stars to a TV reporter and sweet person on TVgreat job  BC!
Man, who needs to be in SD to see the debate when you can be following Omar's twitter playbyplay from Beijing?
Actually, it sucked before they left too.
Evening Shade was pretty insufferable.
How many games do you think Royals would have won w/ Grienke?
Would they be in 1st if THEY added Marcum too?
I just want to fangirl over Siwon!
Lol He's my ultimate Bias.
have not been on this in a while
my boyfriend thinks ur hot lol x hahaha i told him dat ur gorgeous den he wanted to see ur icon ahaha ;D GorgeousforLife ;
Check out blog accessing free credit report  questions on who and how you  others can use correct
hey y'll.
I need your help for He needs a dance partner and you two are the go to people ;
I am HIGHLY upset I have to start everything all over on my ipod .
Kevin Garnett is one of my favorite players in the last decade
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.
Bill Gates
hey!
whats up?!
RT Trying to figure out why name is Big Meech Plug
did u know Jose Baez is writing a book?
Lol people are already boycotting it and I dont blame them.
omg it was NSD and I didnt have subway /:
Or call it Xmas.
Whew!
I do much worse...
RT : want to piss someone off?
tell them you don't celebrate Christmas.
looking kinda sexy in new professorle pic, my friend ;p
i am so not a morning person.
Away from LA, I miss my LA lit scene.
sorry man wrote a piece that seemed slanderous and bias.
Hahaha!
Now I'm in suspense too!
Let me know what you think when it arrives!
Haven't played it myself!
graytness needs to hurry his ass up and get here already!!
And the Award for Reading into crap, getting into her head totally friggin making herself upset goes to Sajiah Chmaitelli!
Applause UGH
Stevenson on Slashdot: Trying to imagine prod, distrib, consumption events in institution of media as a selfregulating system.
i love your products, but i am incredibly disappointment with your customer service!
Lakers ain't ready, getting killed
ur boy won't down then all this heat talk come out of no where lol me and kelvin knew u was gonna
Thanks Ross.
You walk me to skool on the first day??
:
what'd you think?
Its a Banger, huh?
no sir, but faith in God will help..
To all my fans for the wonderful Christmas cards, amazing gifts, and yummy treats.
Thank you so much for the love and support!
3
thank you!!
Cc: Bayfield Inn  gorgeous
RT Hey ULTA, I'm in need of a few
yes she can girl!!
You gotta take chances in life.
All anyone could every say is no.
But you won't know unless you try!
Night
The thought of in a few weeks never having to get up to go to high school again is the best thing ever.
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?: 8
That sounds nice!
Except for the running part.
I AM TOO WELL SOME OF THEM AND BECAUSE YOU'RE A BADASS
Thanks for the add!
RAWK!!!
...
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
I've reached my following limit.
Sorry to those that I can not follow back.
Don't feel like answering my phone today
that's no good!
KV Federal Credit Union members rejected a proposed bank conversion and merger with nearby Kennebec Savings Bank, woo hoo!
I will be there!
Tastes like chicken.
Repeat often: The primary purpose of the visual system is to direct action.
When is awesome Kong making her appearance ??
if you were at colonials I would totally be there.
mo's is a ways from my house
you're the reason for global warming tbh, justin.
Sebastian I miss you 3
Harris: Sentences should be served, but state must deal w/ problem of prison overcrowding.
black people will make an acronym for anything..
European archaeologist engage with people that might deal with heritage but not have an idea of what the heritage is about
they are not sure though...
Yes i do!
RT : : I got 2k on Cotto!
Puerto Rico Stand Up!!!!!
you stay hating on Mayweather b!
Lmao
wow yea spam is awesome
lol I know u would, I miss you
Smart Choice Shrimp  Tilapia Provençal: Shrimp and tilapia w/ onions, fresh basil, kalamata olives,  roasted garlic.
460 calories.
No foul on the other end is totally ridiculous.
True.
And it's an entire science unto itself that sometimes even grates against common sense.
It is senior skip day why are you here
The weather is amazing today
Yeah, you seem in a bit of a rancor.
Grab lunch/dinner  ChickfilA 3700 E Highlands Ranch Pkwy 25 proceeds benefit the Mission  just say Denver Rescue Mission
Bars should be viewed as locations in which to meet my future husband
Rookie from Harvard RT : Lin is a beast...where did this guy come from???
pounced all over 's lakers lol
Sometimes just picking up the damn phone and calling somebody is better than anything on the web.
yeah I wanted to see if she was ugly!
the ugly girl isn't a girl!
Its a real guy!
aka tranny lmaoooo he/she buddy
..I Am Absolutely Fascinating!
Lunch at CrispAndJuicy, now spending afternoon working from in Cherrydale.
I love Arlington !
UL, just comfirmed that your ship has started taking on water!
Better start thinking bout jumping ship!
Aw, thanks!
Same!
Hence why it's on my bio ...
hahaha.
Boise St/TCU should be a great one 2nite  also the perfect excuse to get doctornk on a monday night
SO wrong on so many levels.
No loyalty, no brains in management.
I think I'd do better on my own, no friends, no fights, just me alone
Make sure to get to Suede Lounge before 10:30pm to take advantage of the 30 wristband for all you can doctornk all night.
Any work at all that I have to do for English makes me fall asleep.
Doesn't matter what it is, I pass right out while doing it
that's what boyfriends are good for :
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
0 Chad Timothy...
Cee Lo always puts on a CRAZY show.
Rise n shine ppl.
Bobby Jindal will be as old as John McCain in 34 years.
This guy is going to be around for a while.
WHAT'S IN THE BOX
there has to be a way.
Stop in for lunch!
Today enjoy our delicious nachos for half price all day!
Say something?
.
McDAAG RT : This might as well be an infomercial for UK Basketball.
Agreed!
Evan Brophey going off for hooking.
Monsters to the PK
Screening this Wednesday at the Music Box Theatre is sunny Chicago!
wow that's an orange office..
8L
Covering the meeting of the cville Parks and Recreation Advisory Board.
Will they recommend a new master plan for E.
McIntire Park?
It's my opinion that private email is the appropriate medium for a professorssional business request such as that
Study hall with eric  blake 
not that I'm against cleanliness....but ur that guy, huh?
You know you're sick when you start singing about how fluffy your new comforter is.
no the one for you?
In ur bag there should've been a bag of cookies and a muffin
Best upcoming DJ :
After a talk, which had commenced at a late hour, and had continued many hours, it was time to sleep,
What do you think, should Packy be allowed to REALLY be the GrandMarshall of the RoseFestivalParade  Let us know
: omfg why am I such an awkward soul.
erryday of my life is an embarrassment so true......
;
: Do u think the blind screen Lebron set on John Lucas I was wrong?
NO...
It was a SCREEN, shouldn't even be discussed!
Thanks for this link...
It's right on the money!
Ready for Friday?
We'll be playing Prototype 2, Mass Effect 3, Trials Evolution, and Mortal Kombat Vita this weekend.
What about you?
REUNION THIS WEEKEND
if 'the most interesting man in the world' is your idol /OR you're an adult who's obsessed w/zombies  vampires it's time 2 up the voltage
I hate many few things less from finding out about a show the day AFTER!
Grrrrrrr
Wow!!!
I can't believe the Clippers won that game!
I was ready to declare Memphis the soon to be NBA world champions
follow and i love garrett to!
YOLO punch a bitch.
Messing with some photos
Had a perfect night, and is now chilling at a Starbucks in the UVillage.
Seattle I love you!
Understanding him I pondered over how the U.S.
greatly neglects the potential of more 'freshed' minded teachers that use this approach 2 .
Proverbial mud, Lourdes.
That's all I have to say.
hahaha I just shared that tweet with people in my lab and we all ha a good laugh!
Everything I eat must include the use of Crystal and/or Louisiana hot sauce and/or Tony Chachere's.
Livi: That's an ugly outey bellybutton...
Me: Uh, Livi...
That's a nipple.
Ready for this day to be OVER!
Good to see you on here Eric!
Sorry goligoski with the tip on michaleks shot.
: DC, night one.
What a beautiful, ravishing, deafeningly loud crowd.
I was taking in every minute tonight, memorizing it.
Hey everyone!
I haven't been on this twitter in a loonngggggg time!
Haha so let's talk!
Megalike!
when are you offering the next 20 hr pre licensing class?
Now, I hope youre happy with your self cause Im not laughing.
I wish I had a new phone :/
The only true painful goodbyes are the ones that never said and never explained.
to funny!
lol :
Does free wifi mean anything if I'm only getting 100 Kbps?
Back to school......
my twitter is nothing but seth Rogan thanks to you.
hah
Able to relieve back pain with trauma release techniques
Weather for Twins 1stgame Mon Apr9 Field in Mpls looks cool with a mix of clouds  sun with NW winds  10mph  temps in low 50s
Hey, we all do what we can.
We all have heart just few choose to use it.
Happy New Year everyone!
Hope 2012 brings you lots of fun with all your friends and family!
Am I allowed to be tired by association?
Well too bad.
IDIDN'TrunamarathonbutI'mstilltakinganap
MT : A1: I saw a lot of ED's w heart but no budgeting, mgmt, or other skills needed to keep org running smoothly.
Hanrahan has been placed on the Bereavement List, Daniel McCutchen has been recalled.
Hanrahan is expected to return to the club Sunday.
Hiking after cinco de mayo?
1 sleep late 2 3 doctornk plenty of water
big foot pizza was a staple after every Saturday game
What is the stage of a reptile when it has eggs in it but they haven't been laid.
who did u go to the party with?
Now he kicked you of the computer lol wow
what should i do tomorow ?
We now have a pool on our back porch...
No big deal.
CORRECTION 3037 N.
CLARK across from Chase Bank Come on in for an after work snack!
Just when I think I understand this city, I learn about Anthrocon.
Thousands of furries descending on downtown tomorrow.
I am 21 didn't u no dat 12 backwards is 21...
come on u know they will let me in!
Dear Facebook, when the two mutual friends I share with a person are a bar and a bagel shop, I probably don't really know that person.
There were no water benders around?
is awesome!
Thanks for your follow
I said I'm tweeting and I'm tweeting any I'm tweeting.
That's wats up.
I'm done wit mines next spring.
Happy as hell!
We still need a goalie
Got a link?
: Another baseball DUI.
But lets test Jose Bautista's urine for steroids 12 times Doubt he'll get boo'd like braun every day too
u will def make it up to u tho love
That is too much to offer!
Keep Teague and Deron!
RT would u trade Teague/D.
Williams 4 D.
Wright?
Super hype for the fight tonight!!
it is so nice meeting you.
We can't wait to see the final product of the house tour!
I hope you stud muffins haven't lost interest!
A lot of great opportunities have come up to make this EP ten times better.
:
Lulz master can I get a BDAY shout out :
It's Me music video starring is in rotation on Centric  Music Choice.
Dir.
by edited by
Happy Monday!
Whats going on?
She crunk all by herself lol...I love it :
Another terrible day to be a bills fan.
Was booked for job at audition!
Prep pays off.
being a braeburn apple when they r looking 4 a braeburn.
Pens Still alive.
I just washed the dishes.
Should I send you a pic I that?
Foster care system helps thousands of kids  The Tennessean
spurs and spurs fans complaining bout you....good job
chocolate make em go nuts
Leopold Bros.
apple whiskey aged Gordon.
Magic.
you must try this.
Thank you
Meeting Jo Germanotta on Saturday.
Dead.
doctorving up to Hollywood for the weekend for the ASCAP Expo.
Greatest event of the year for me!
RT No healthcare for Congress until every American has healthcare.
If the weight of a newborn baby is underweight then what shall we do?
yr cover it live shows that it is in standby mode.
Can u check from where u r?
2nd fave item is prob a 2009 team USA WBC ball signed by everyone but Longoria  Brian Roberts.
I'm at a dive bar, one of my students is here, and he's trying to dance.
We found puppies!!
Watching the Ron Paul vs Paul Krugman debate on Bloomberg from a couple days ago, Krugman is way off, all the crap with the fed needs to end
All my fbook friends say the best!
makes it way easier to have an awesome life
Really like the blacked out uni's!
For MIA...ideas for our new ones?
Ladies don't be scared to be aggressive!
Take control of the dick and make him submit to your every wish!
hear hear.
I would give more to charity if govnt didn't take so much to begin with
...hope she's having fun in the Bahamas.
Markakis' shot barely went over leftcenter wall.
Why do you have a diesel engine on that truck you only doctorve around the neighborhood?
I can tell you for fact that we would love to be a part of SWMilwaukee !!
sure, we won SWMadison but we got more ideas in the tank!
About too watch OkC vs LAL.
Pulling for OkC.
But im allways
RT: RT : I've mentally graduated from high school a long time ago.
i know i just want u to hit me up
I Love It So Much!
The fastest hour in radio now airing in DFW  1460 AM KCLE Dallas Mavericks Victor Villalba, replay interview w/ Brandan Wright, RF Sports!
I see the moon and the stars.
oh so pretty!
Remember that time told us kerry wood was starting today?
The entire cast now discussing what looks like with his shirt off
Yes that would be a great idea.
Now we just need to find the time.
go get sarah!
Cam Newton is a pouty loser.
If you want a true highres magazine buy the printed version, not an iPad Retina digital version.
It's my birthday today my lovelies!!!
Happy
A friend is a person with whom I may be sincere.
Before him, I may think aloud.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Its time for a run and some basketball.
Pasona Group Inc.
a Japanese staffing firm has increased sales 3 for its first fiscal quarter.
DYK?
Rev.
doctor Martin Luther king Jr., Civil Rights Leader was a member of A Phi A
like I'm made of plastic, like I'm made of paper.
NASA announces discovery of first Earthsized planets in the universe.
We need a 24hr wing stop..lol I feel fat
Great to see that you joined!
Would love to hear your feedback regarding interests for alumni/development offices.
Go Follow
...I want to film loads of shorts, and whatever I can for my showreel
Grindoctoris the dirtiest game on my phone.
LOL!
Its been a while since I've heard that..
LOL mo I had to ask cuz some ppl really ask me that lol I blame public school D
p.s where r u at?
SimpleK12 Thanks for following...
I'll be in Hershey Pennsylvania on Saturday!
Lily, Rosemary,  the Jack of Hearts?
Love that sweet Dylan storysong.
There's a great 10 min version on Blood: NYC sessions.
ughh!
this private school application process is kicking my butt.
But its worth it !Hope my baby gets in.
: promo now till 10 pm.
Glass wear and tshirts for Sierra doctornkers!
or beilebers feel about Justin Bieber
Big thanks!
RT : Well worth 
Busting' to that wizard beat all day all night.
Its the postseason people!
Its not supposed to be easy!
Its only game 2, plenty of baseball to go!
Let's go Brewers!
Somebody told me I had friends last night.
Well I wonder where they are cause I'm under the weather and I sure could use a bowl of soup
Boo!!
So sorry!
Hope you feel better and start the new year off right...in a good way!
two hours later...
O's he still the complete package or has he lost a few peanuts along the way?
Thanks for posting.
I have had concerns about this.
It's heartbreaking to have to cut out such a seemingly wonderful option.
i completely agree
Thanks so much you too!
And thank you for all of the coupons  xoxo

Yes.
TOO EARLY for this kind of talk.
Especially from someone who knows baseball.
its so annoying!:p
Happy Birthday to my brother, !!!
poke leo u der?
One moment of patience may ward off great disaster.
One moment of impatience may ruin a whole life.
Chinese Proverb
is working hard this off season
yea it's amazing how much money you save!
Tim Tebow will have to have God on his side this week against Tom Brady and the New England Patriots!!
Reuniting with my Aerie girls!!
Yay!!
:
Goddamn I hate this bldg.
property management.
I need to get the hell out of here altogether; they caught me by surprise.
Other than some extra police presence, maybe some searches, I don't think NW line will see much hassle
and who might they b?????
Approximately twothirds of divorces  including those that come late in life  are initiated by wives.
might have to chek it soon then, I miss the old Good stuff, good Looking out
thanks for the push home...selfishmotives lol but I don't mind 
we miss you too amy!
Educators don't count?
Makes me wonder, why doesn't interpretive curator exist at every museum?
Educators don't count
looking forward to utilizing your software..Amy Royle has been great to work with.
First take is a great show.Jalen holds it down.
Race is in full swing at Auditorium Shores!
whats good with it.
:
Bahahah!!
Beastie Boys from the future!!
Too Funny!!
: lol
I am a freakin walrus man not no damn hog
glad to be away from the hospital and harassing my kitty.
Everything REALLY matters right now.
Taking my lil bros to see The Avengers this weekend
wheres the video of that girl suckin dick on the sidewalk ??
watching last weeks jeez shore episode.
Mike has a situation..he's deffinatly GEEKING!
he's deff on something prolly coke.
jus' sayin'
We shine because they hate us, floss cause they degrade us We trying to buy back our 40 acres
three run jimmy jack.
Lemme go to this party right quick !!
My sister just just joined twitter, be nice to
oh yeah me too i have EOGs this WHOLE week
u look absolutely adorable !!
You don't have to be a homewrecker to end the life of that laptop.
It's already half way there
Hey archives folk and I were talking about body language and positioning during interviews.
Thoughts on what you all dislike?
can you hit is long?
:
So excited for eattweet!
I joined a gym...and then I ordered a pizza
Cutting down TV games for archive.
Someone really needs to take the telestrator away from It's not Picture Pages.
haha lol ik we bros for life lol..nd i hope u guyz r ready for the meet this week
no it's a pic of the world lol
I SWEAR MY LIL BRO GAY SOME TIMES
depends on the kind of code, but Substantial puts on a code/beer night.
Ask about it.
watcha wanna do?
RT This : RT It almost the end of the school year And I'm already seeing who my real friends are.
William Adams Faith is a continuation of reason.
Only one is above
Its an enevidable cycle like a ceed it can not grow without water yet in elemtary we were showed ways to makegreenbeanssurvivewaterdonlyonce
Improv class with UCB.
I'm glad my class is on Sundays.
It makes for a great start to he week.
All the good stuff is underground.
But every underground scene looks the same.
i think it's a legit excuse.
exhaustion from helping and emotional distress?
it'd totally work.
haha.
3
It takes the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again.
i need 2 move my body....stop being LAZY T
Celebrating our 10,000th download by inviting friends and colleagues to like our page.
We pledge to NEVER spam you!
yes you do
live fast die young bad girls do it well
you should!
It's really good!!!
I joined AFTRA prior and am now SagAFTRA and feel like the expensive pro that I am  started attending free member events 2
Fuck that game ...
Dunwoody: Encourages students to look at opinion continuum and present where the bulk of evidence lies
Trying to motivate to get off my couch.
Ok y'all.
I think I'm going to stop tweeting from this account.
Please follow me I'll follow back.
2 twit accounts tuff 2 manage
In at 830, but I think I might be giving a Volt with around 9.
I'll have to verify details.
Home, hate this fucking bitch on my bus !
When your room mate texts you saying she wants to get white girl wasted 
mustybutthole is a trending topic, smh !
Need help w/cataloging Q about Fed Practice  Procedure.
Please DM if you can help.
Yes, it is.
Every Thursday 7p10 RT : ; is this every Thurs?!
Damn.
The Phillies tied up the Braves.
Hey Tebow, Jesus called....he wants his jersey back.
But mostly he was infatuated with how a telephone worked.
Marriage.
It's like a cultural handoctoril.
It links folks to the past and guides them to the future.
just baked some awesome South African chicken tika masala pies, and yellow curry pies!
The Macy's in southridge is so pointless
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: It's better to be SLAPPED by the truth then KISSED with a lie.
I've come2realize that the only people I need in my life R the ones who need me in theirs even when I have nothing else2offer but myself
Suck my cockiness lick my persuasion, eat my words nd then swallow ya pride down ; 
MAN you tell the truth!
Especially in Miami!
This is overlooked way too often.
Your blowing up my phone :Is your case still working after it fell last Sunday?
HAHA i was gonna put my number in.
Motley crue partying has nothing on lucero  will whitmore  rocky votolato tour at a new mexico hotel.
Found an old video.
Finally got my extensions :
KidInk need to come to SC
what the HELL were you doing tweeting at 4 am in the morning?!
lol
RT : Minds are like parachutes  they only function when open.
Thomas Dewar
Oh Monday how I hate thee
We will be live tweeting during the webinar to join the conversation hashtag
you still in LAland.
We are premiering at Newport Beach Film Festival next week.
I'd love to stop by and say hi.
My mother's day present to my mom  me gone.
Congratulations!!!!!
I am so happy for you and Rochelle!!!
Don't go see American Reunion...sucked, glad I didn't pay for that!

Going to Avengers in ETX with Wall to wall screens and 3D.
My mind is ready to be BLOWN
too cheap to let anything go to waste
ThinnestSportsBooks 7 Habits of Highly Likable People by Bobby knight
RT : Watching the Doc, I Want Your Money....
Pretty good so far // Thx 4 watching!
Check out www.iwantyourmoney.net for more
Making of Video Shooting MusicTimeline ONLINE TODAY!!!!
Are you ready??
I got to talk to you!
If only you lived in NC still, we'd make one epic duo.
about Ira?
I did pass the news to and he was upset he had to find out through us instead of
yup!
worst experience of my life.
well that GROUP interview went horribly.
I was so nervous
That.
Is.
Awesome.
: hoping you're doing ok after your harrowing day.
Promoting endless breath holding training, leading to long term oxygen deprivation madness.
Then you see it all the time.
IN MY GAME!
one guy looks like cleaned up The Situation, no ?
Research: Transfer  can success in one field transfer to another
CONGRATS TO BOB WICKS!
He won our first pair of Van Halen tix for today.
Two more chances to win at 1:35pm and 3:30 with Jeff Kent!
Tip: A reliable contractor will not demand full payment before beginning the job.
wvu officially to the Big 12!
Yeehaw!!
begins firing six shooters into the air
The only times I've ever been fat were during my pregnancies
Thanks for RTing
you're like me though, I'm sure ;
Credit the architect?
RT : 10,000th LEED building certified today
The truth always wins...
Fasting before a doctor's appointment and I've never wanted coffee this badly in my life....and a bagel.
3 more hours to go.
Strong Bad WAS my inspiration for that title!!
XD
I'm here for you 3
I am very excited for the things starting to happen in my life, I will not falter or fail.
Musician Larry Penn will be playing songs of labor and the railroad tonight in rememberence of the Bay View Massacre.
7pm No Cover
Does Sakai support IMS Common Cartridge export yet?
there still is no Sakai course export?
I'd take sakai.xml over nothing :
cil2010 talking about having a vendor fair for students to get to see products.
How far in the future  like next week, or next winter?
Because I don't know, and yes.
Weren't the OVA's and movies all ADV stuff that's now OOP?
I noticed you can still easily get the OVA's at Rightstuf.
SB1070 Arizona: Solving problems, or bringing back old ones ppl faught so hard to go away?
Stupid neighbors woke me up..
is ecstatic to be heading out to Las Vegas for the Annual Convention!
See you all there!
Thank you.
: It's actually part of a little park in our down town area here.
:
TV is chewing gum for the eyes.
Frank Lloyd Wright
DYK?
Phi Beta Sigma's Bigger and Better Business a program promotes minority owned business ventures.
...Happy Founders Day
Anyone have an O You ATL ticket for sale?
Would love to buy it from you.
Thx!
M D's tie is a little too big.
Nice.
Oconomowoc supt.
Patricia Neudecker calls her plan  work courageous at least 3 times in her newspaper oped this morning.
take me with you!
she do too much lol
Thanks Tony!
How r u?
How do you like the new shorter 1story format?
RT : Morning.
Will be watchng for it

Guys like you are too smart to fall for the BS.
Thinking about permanently deleting my account or not going on it ever again
And I'm back in SF.
Magic.
Starbucks is playing christmas music!
:
Remember pulling down your pants and lifting up your shirt to use the urinal in kindergarten?
Try it at work
Ha good call.
thank you for following love.
: x
Good thing Gods love isn't based on what we do for Him ;
W.
Water Polo.
USC captainres No.
3 Seed Into 2012 NCAA Championships
ME TOO!
RT : funny :Glad I got a laugh...trust all is well in your world.
Some of the worst mistakes of my life have been haircuts.
hey !!!
Miss you too girl !
Coming to miami soon ; Big hug !
i wish G was off!
i hate his schedule this week.
missing my big day.
that was YOU behind me?!
Try doctorving while always looking through the rear view mirror and your bound to crash.
Such is life!
Poised Creation is beginning to formulate a network into entertainment!
I've been great actually!
: How have you been stranger?
Happy St.
Patrick's day!!
hinderman..?
ahahah and too bad it's not in the dead center.
it's slightly lower 
i ment if u see this kian look at my last tweet
Last day to request Absentee Ballot to be mailed to you is this Wednesday October 27, 2010 in both MiamiDade and Broward Counties...
TOOT AWAY IS SOLD OUT.
But, we are making more as fast as we can.
We'll let you know when it's available.
Thanks for all of your support.
You forgot GoJerryReese RT Got a feeling it's going to be a great year
: Me  oomf fell off and I moved on .
What the hell Austin?
Lol did you bite him???
Can you point me to fwdthinking, blogging elem librarians?
Starting position at 4th/5th gr school in the fall.
What about tit?
:P
...hell yes they do.
NPR story on The Pirates!
Band of Misfits recognized Kenneth Turan as a reviewer for the Los Arrrrnegeles Times.
Kudos
Seeing Puck in a doctorss..
Mental images....
I thought it was just my internet!
The videos are all messed up for me
: lucky charms and guinness pizza
I missed the brenda  45 queen dinner party poo!!!!
Life is to short for the doctorma so live let go strive and continue to maintain your focus and prosper!
What highest seed will farthest?
Big thanks to my girl for the trophy!
Her name says it all and why you should be following her.
So do it..
Do it.
is the person you must follow!
I think it is really cool that Bing Crosby appears in my Pandora Station for 'Broken Social Scene'
so you can tell your followers that a significant percentage of tweets offer maximum value...
Justice is what love sounds like when it speaks in public doctor Michael Eric Dyson
New pt job in marketing with State Farm
I sometimes feel bad that Preston doesn't get as much love from directioners as Paul does /3
I can't either!
I suppose this is an opportune time for me to go and try rdio!
such a meat brain comment
Thanks fo the Follow.
FearBased living is a huge problem.
Keep up the good work.
JRQ, The LoveBased Leader
TSFL All day everyday
yup yup TeamThirsty you wouldn't about like'n woman you fuckin cupcake
BOY YOU CAN SAY NETHIN U WANNA I DON'T GIVE A SHT NO 1 ELS CAN HAVE U I WANT U BK I WANT U BK W W WANT U WANT U BK UUUGGFHHHHH
Narnia RT : arctic shelf RT Tennessee RT where the kentucky derby be at?
Will take a look at the email!
Thanks.
Is there any better motherdaughter bonding than shopping?
I missed it!
Did you attend?
We sleep in perfect blue buildings Beside the green apple sea.
Tryin to get me a little familiar, baby.
Tryin to keep myself away from me.
Cardigans for everyone!
RT : Ranganathan's lost 6th Law: Every library's thermostat shall be kept lowest during warm weather
I hate when you like someone, but you know he'll never go for you..
Oh well, oh well.
:o
Preach!!!
Don't tweet about it b about it
We appreciate the support!
Hope you try us out for yourself soon!
Hey Guys whats up!?
:D
Can I get your mention?
Ok!
Updated!
: RT : can you update this tweet?!
NYR have tied the game!
Seriously considering Have boobs, will travel as my new bio for everything
Traffic in mission/fashion valley is worse today than it was during the holiday season...
What's up with that?!
It hurts me seeing a girl cry.
I want to comfort her as long as I can...
Or Ill end up crying too.
Zayn Malik
Because I like young adult novels ...
excited for tomm.'s release of 's Insurgent.
If you liked Hunger Games, try her series.
Only two finals away from getting to see in Wisconsin!!!
that awkward moment when you doctorp your bra in your dogs water bowl...
i make it a part of realtime class discussion/participation.
still pulling teeth some times.
Go TIMMY!
Damn, Gucci is huge.
nope I registered it and headed out.
Takin it on a roadtrip tm morning.
Watching The 100 Greatest Songs of the 00's on VH1.
Goodness, there is so much wrong with the music industry...
We thought you'd like to know your monthly experience shipment is on its way shipment email from .
I'm getting wine, not pms.
it would probably be the GRANDest monday ever if you RTd me : xx
They should bring Guys and Dolls to the big screen and you should play Adalede
that doesn't sound healthy.
And I think you are more o a cougarskin type
We are placed above all men
I did that, the neighbors had to rip theirs out after spending 4k to install it
So apparently there is a couple from England getting married soon.
I heard it was kind of a big deal.
Something I'm thinking about, too.
The symbolic strength of 1812 is strong for Canada  U.S.
defines national identity for both.
I love being part of the body of Christl THANKS to all my brothers n sisters who helped us packed...
On the road to IA
are you ever going to tweet me?: i want some kendall lovin too...
Good morning beautiful !!
I am following you on Twitter!
Hope u will follow back!
Much love,
Is this thing on?!
Sarah K.
I agree!
Bring on the Makeup Music and JunkFood and you got yourself a PARTY!
lol
I want to start a website featuring white people dancing at concerts.
The most apoplectic dancers r always in the seat in front of me.
Yeesh
Too late.
Kidding, I'm kidding!!!
With , you get a 5 donation on every purchase to any charity of your choice.
Don't see your organization on our website?
Add it!
Girl he's that BAD!!!
: Lol sheeeshhh RT : Let me calm down before I have an orgasm on myself!
Gon pour out some brass monkey later for MCA
A bit sad to see the Britannica stop printing.
I loved the 1977 Encyclopaedia Britannica set my parents had bought me.
I have a feeling tonight's one of those nights I'm gonna be crying a lot.
David Cook on American Idol :
More people should be like that.
Hi Ramona thanks for the add  Im looking forward to your tweets, and I hope to have some cool stuff for you too!
it's a damn shame
How are papers coming along?
What can I do to help?
Be a yardstick of quality.
Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected.
Steve Jobs
hoping changing the password works, if not hopefully twitterhelp can fix it lol.
Exhausted, but pushing on.
175 applications out and so the wait continues.
Blue Mountain State.
Why am I just finding out about you now?
Where have you been all my life?
Netflix, thank you for putting it up 3
OH MY
What happening?
www.disruptivefood.com  that
Does Jeff Magnum know his publicist spells his name wrong, like, literally all the time?
Wait.
Did the 'Skins give 3 1s and a 2 for a 1?
Watched a good TV show taping today.
It was fun!
there is another dude names phee in Chicago too.
he may be mad when he finds out I own the copywriter to the name
Got my 40 brewers tixs for tavern league of the game, Twins May 18th, sign up start next week!!!
I execute events for liquor comp, I own a catering company, specializing in mobile bar service,we run events at 87  Collins
is  always will be my fave social media curmudgeon  I mean that in best possible way!
Follow him  his blog.
Just posted everything.
Probably no need to repost, unless you want to later.
I think it's close enough.
so I know this one girl who is a die hard laker fan but lives in SLC!
DOESN'TMAKEANYSENSE SMDH LOL
You were the star of the show last nite babes!
So glad I went to to see you!
xoxo

my family and I come to Charleston every year 4 vaca and we always try a few new things  gonna have to swing by your shop!
you know how you are with MGK?
THAT'S HOW I AM WITH CHILDISH GAMBINO.
guess.
whose.
back.
Have you started to feel it?
The fresh cut grass, newly raked infield, and the hope for a legendary season.
GO CUBS!
Hadn't heard that!
Nothing on his site or Hazlett's.
Tho he's in Newport Jul 29 then Chicago Aug 3, so ...
: Win tickets to see The Heartless Bastards at The Bluebird on 4/14!
Email  fingers are crossed haha
i love how laughs at my bad night at work !
HAPPY SATURDAY!
What could make it an even happier Saturday?!
A Classic Butter Salmon Steak from B!
its not for me lol
Luck said he got a congratulatory text from Peyton yesterday.
It's true, has started a full nerf war I've personally gone with the mutually assured destruction approach.
cc
I've learned the importance of going beyond your comfort zone Healey
Good morning!!!!!!
MUAH
Shouting whitney songs at the top of me voice!
haha oh, my sister goes to college in Dayton, so I'm down there all the time!
Seems like TAL is handling the Daisey/Apple story in the best way possible.
I doctorad the day that happens to us.
just 4 more hours of sleep pretty please
RT : Success can be dangerous, failure can be dangerous.
But success is the better of the two.
Dana Gioia
: Truer than we'd sometimes like to admit.
The most wonderful things in my own life have happened outside my comfort zone.
i did!!
see the tweet i just sent to !!
Wait, what?
Free iPads?
Digital pedagogies.
if i post to reverb can u listen to it
Call out sick with 29er?
: now that is back on his feet we need to schedule that BSF lunch!!
Strategic bandwidth advantage focuses on supporting innovative consumers.
Happy Valentine's Day to you and your sweethearts from Delicious Licks!
Not YET  5 performances to go!
RT : ...
Has anyone brought raw meat yet?
They did in Spain!
I recommend Alton Brown's show on pancakes.
It's what finally gave me consistency.
RFT .
: Twitter cracks more in the night ..
3
Flying to Sebring for the race.
And you?
The rare occasion when a single sketch can tell the entire story...
Gutierrez Studios
Combining NHL Playoffs, NFL doctorft......and hip hop dance world championships online.
Does it make sense to anyone?
I have a slide emergency!
says cat pics in slides is out of style now.
Please advise :
Michelle can't understand why I sit here and obsessively listen to a song 30 times in a row....cause the kick sounds sweet....duh
Happy SpursDay!
Spurs/Clippers tonight...excited!
I had a nice time in San Francisco.
: I deserved a perfect day.
Can't wait to go back.
Can't sleep.
RT : Scott's Submarine is featured in and scores high www.myndapp.com
COME CHECK OUT www.theeroticchallenge.com...
ARE YOU THE HOTTEST GIRL AROUND?
LETS SEE IF AMERICA AGREES!!!
SIGN UP
Sent you guys an email about working with you!
Hope to hear from you soon :
Rest in peace Stacy Robinson you will be missed by many current, former and future players.
Met an old man in SPSLA.He says he started learning code when christ was born on machine language  is still learning.
Cheers
Thanks, no hurry getting back to us, always so much going on :
Struggling with php coding.
Anyone have a horizontal ticker script in php for WordPress they could give me?
You would decrease my stress.
;
Some of the mfckrs I follow can't spell.
It's a fantastic Monday!
overcast outside  sunny inside.
No because every time they say we have to talk i brake up before they say anithing else.
Remarkably no 19th c.
missionaries saw irony in Christians preaching the blood of the atonement  attacking sanguinary rites of heathens
RT :  I are ready to get this party started are you?
Get ready for fresh fish  sweet sips!
Lord, Creator God, grant me meekness today, gentleness, kindness; then it's in your hands to guide my judgment and protect me.
What up justin!
that was a BEAUTIFUL touchdown by the Packers!
Ha!
Relief.
Thought I was gonna have to get into a political debate.
And I'm kinda shaky on that stuff.
Can people get off captainre The Crown's dick!
There are way worse bands then them.
Seven days without love makes one weak.
I am!!
Cant see faces RT : Look up high at the booth behind home plate w KSTE sign hanging under it.
The store is open today 8:30am2:30pm.
Teachers, don't forget to shop this month!
my brother is in NYC?
who's djing the velvet room for sunday ?
Birthdays , birthdays , birthdays !
Get closer to mine !
December 13th , 
Sacramento boy till I die nigga cypooooo thank god for the ylo D's lmfaooooo 
seriously grow up and quiet playing these little middle school games ....
working tonight?
you obviously got time for it if you keep tweeting me back .
Owning Erik Bedard in fantasy baseball is like that Seinfeld episode where Kramer sees how far he can doctorve on one tank of gas.
Not helpful for your nail polish poll!
Get it together.
Poised Creation has began developing a network of photographers!!!
Rehab or not, tiger's stiffness continues to be a problem.
from
I gotta' feeling Nancy Grace is gonna' go CRAZY real soon!
Umm can I add my 2 cents...
U suck
Seoul's Incheon International Airport named the world's best  GlobalPost
no need to be harsh :
GREAT!
See you in Israel!
: You're going to have an AMAZING time.
Beautiful :D  ' Is it over yet?
Can I open my eyes?
Is this as hard as it gets?
is this what it feel's like to cry?'  
feel the intensity of the nc Qcity im opening this str8 dirty south mouth rebel w/o a pause for my ladies as fine as the starz xoxo 8D ;p
I was biking.
From NE down the river to the Greenway, into Uptown, around the lakes, up to 394, into downtown and home.
30 miles
How does making more than ARodg feel?
When people say that they used to hate you.
Youre like
Teebuh bye!
True potential :
You finally back to the caffeine?
Was reading the economist and in a story the quote was note to our nonAmerican readers NASCAR is an American sport involving fast cars
The Four Feathers movie trailer preview from cheapflix
I really meant I might u to build some cabinets!
Its a Beaitiful day!
:
hope your testing went good.
it's terrible
Starting off the day with a little nuclear weapon shop talk.
Dick Cheney.
Finally got a twitter just for the lab.
join us to stay updated on our adventures.
that is the man to have!
Wow weather here in SC is crazy..
hail and tornado warnings..
my puppy is in surgery..
this is going to be one fun filled weekend :
Think this is about to be the best of the night.
if Celtic wouldn't of been down to 9 men against Rangers at Glasgow then they probably would of won that game too.
Observation 2: Just got here and I already can't believe how many different, insanely good things I've tasted.
Like you have never wondered whether or not poop could actually be mailed.
This is where real musics at!
Go ahead, follow and take a listen.
: FF , ,
you are very welcome!!!
Pujols could have been the next Stan Musial.
Instead, he's the next ARod.
Money talks.
The AL West is the new AL East.
Yikes.
I'm just now watching The Voice finale.
Why is Christina pantless?
When boys hug you and you can feel their abs pressed up against your body.
your DCNashville friends miss you.
Many thanks for your excellent workshops packed with business and doctorpal goodness
blair be polite !!!!!!!!
haha im not friends with stuck up bitches i just know them
Er, sorry, cultural patrimony and theft just gets me all hot and bothered.
But really.
Don't buy illegal artifacts!
It's so easy!
Stop!
please follow me i love you333
Gift package from The Balm!
If you think you can do it better than they can, you are probably right.
But proving it is the best revenge ever.
True stuff
How long does it take to slowcook the most perfect egg?
Paul takes a crack at cooking and eating at One Market Restaurant  5:30PM
Follow the MKEYouthCouncil this week as we speak with Iraqi students and Chicago groups about youth and leadership!
It's all fun and games to you realize we're paying income tax, state tax, excise tax, sales tax, property tax, tourist tax,
What is Nintendo thinking with the Wii U?
Wow, First Mega Shark vs.
Crocosaurus  now Dinocroc vs.
Supergator.
As long as Supergator isn't a Tebow reference, this night has been epic
can't the rapture be on a freaking Monday?
So I lose the weekend.
But scheduled cable man for sat..FU comcast
Would you allow me to send you a file outlining how you could sell a mobile wedding app to your customers?
Jim  LocalMobil
that's that shit I don't like !
Lights out at OaklandColiseum in 4th inning of Tigers v As game.
It's Star Wars theme night at the park.
If I hated you I wouldn't have tweeted  When me and Eric were close  How we are now :/  :'/
srry guys that wasnt the good one !
:  my story im going 2 look for the right one haha : xmichelle
Watching The Iron Lady.
This movie is a bore, and as much as I admire Meryl Streep, it's a joke to me that she won the Oscar over Rooney.
Oh so true
Home has vastly different meaning for many Africans  Your online ...
Lobos play this afternoon and State plays this evening.
Are you ready for some March Madness?
Spent the bulk of the day working on the new website!
So pumped!
No problem  Thank you lol
: Jason Campbell: out for the year.
Even worse, Kyle Boller: in for the year.
same underwear 3 days and counting!!
what shows?
:O
If you worry about yesterday's failures, then today's successes will be few.
Anonymous
Bad day today
Totally agree.
You can tell the guys got a real fire inside him.
Can't wait to see him ravage QB's.
VonWolfe'nDoom
you have nice teeth
If you don't have anything nice to say, simply nod your head, smile and say nothing....
:x
Hahaa No.
I had someone make it....
LOL!!
That's funny
I guess Im too selfish  too much the curmudgeon, but no way I am going to think or do anything connected with work during this vacation.
I actually just started playing it today and found the Master Quest mode very entertaining as a veteran of the game.
hahaha it's very similar to that shady movie, never trust a hottie
how many euro players have left Europe to play in the CHL?
Which countries are the ones hurting the most from it?
I mean ur welcome and thanks for telling me
I'm always gassed up I'm Neva on E!
LMAO
Waiting on this call tho
Thanks  consider it done.
You might want to FF ,
is happy that Blaine and Kurt kissed.
Thanks
thanks.
I was a former counsel member a few years back  had a great experience with my counsel
Give our buddies a follow or two while you're awake!
I am so not looking forward to tomorrow but I wouldn't miss it for anything.
Am I the only person who gets sidetracked for hours reading the sad youtube comments that accompany every 1970s soul song?
This is worst.officiated series ive ever seen
RT : Today only at : Golden Globewinner for best picture and best director: The Social Network.
Nothing says motherhood more than getting on your knees to look for lego pieces under the grocery stands.
Gotta love it.
When the greeneyed monster rears its ugly head, it represents jealousy; similarly, an individual can be green with envy.
Great week ahead!
Looking at my calendar and i am happily booked!
Thanks!
RT : happy birthday Baker!
Come join St.
Sabina and Pastor Pfleger at 79th Racine ...
TAKE IT TO THE STREETS!
me too.
What r yur plans today?
Yea!
Happy to hear we are keeping you connected to the Twitter universe while away!
Thanks for taking us along.
I need to start tweeting again.
I've neglected and lost followers /
Happy Monday to you, too!
Bryan
Inquiring minds want to know....how do YOU handle the situation when you've discovered mold in YOUR home?
Forgot how bumpin Jet Files is
Steal my ideas naw it's coo
Not many trickortreaters tonight.
It's so quiet it's a good night for a scary movie!
listening to music
I need to go to sleep.
Going for an early run in the morning.
I need my energy.
No problem dear.
:
lol I hope the lakers win the west...there's no way in hell Miami can beat them.
thanks Lucy!
I haven't forgotten about our interview.
The album is being mixed, I'll email in a few days!
Thx again : : You're welcome.
I hope the airports  airlines are good to you this week.
Album is gorgeous...
Hahaha your doing the same thing in both pictures.
:
RT : Frida Kahlo on exhibit at the Harry Ransom Center!...
Robbie Gould you are ridiculous!
There's nothing to match curling up with a good book when there's a repair job to be done around the house.
Joe Ryan
Can't sleep.
Don't let a lack of resources keep you from moving forward with faith and wisdom.
Allow God to fill in the miracle space.
gotcha....
but what restaurant do you want to have either meal in nyc?
good morning everyone hope you guys have a wonderful Thursday afternoon
These kids are UGGGGGGLLLLLLLYYYYYYY
Delicious Planet is thinking about serving Tacoma one day a week.
What are your thoughts?
I'm sure they're just as confused as everyone else
doctorving n listening to country music makes me realize that I need go back to my old self.
The girl that didn't go out n hated house music,
The housekeeper, too.
WEIRD.
Orientation tomorrow!
Beware, 2DC is lurking  shall strike thee with a mighty musical note !
My mom irratates me soo much!!:/
give peace a chance
lol I just did
true, but still, 38,000 americans going to a soccer game is good
Your colleagues in San Diego are with you and wishing everyone in our 50th state well!
Join us for Tasty Tuesday's  One Up 25 cent Wing Special , 5.00 you call it on doctorNKS  TAPAS, DJ 12 Tribe on the decks
We don't need to eat anyone who would run, swim, or fly away if he could..Go Vegan!!!
Harry's voice is so asdfghjklbwjifjuhioejfdoksakmp 333 Makes my heart melt.
Like the rest of the band.
:
Yes, I will definitely be making it over to there at some point!
Best thing about the Caps crowd in DC?
No dumbasses in shirts  ties sitting on the ice.
99 red jerseys.
YEE it's raining.
Now it's like raining nonstop in Texas.
c;
why you aint come scoop me up
That's because its going to be off the chains RT : Everybody Hittin me up about my Anniversary Party Tonight in Nocturnal!!!
Modeling is such a great job!
Maybe I could be one of the ones in store windows.
Kelly Bundy
You know, Im programmed to check the time at every single 9:11 Im awake for.
AM and PM?
ANN, OR OTHER PEOPLE opens 10.20.2011
Well it's about time followed me back !
Poised Creation is considering moving into the modeling business!
great seeing you this afternoon!
Thanks for the Mormon swag to bring back to Minney.
:
Vijay Iyer and Herbie Hancock in the same weekend....a pianist's doctoram!
RT : Don't pay Ebay prices for new Lips vinylmore stores should have today or tomorrow!
Good Records, Grimeys, Electric Fetus
Now if only they'd announce some GULF coast tour dates!
He gone come hm fuck up n want to talk til 5am
lets do a 9iron at Internbay then I can show inthe Golf doctorne course mapper 4000
Ur damn Beautiful :o Like ur videos in Youtube..: Like ur Lips !
Join tonight at 5pm and be a part of how God is impacting Austin, TX for Christ!
We will see you there!
What did I do wrong for this to happen..
come over for dinner tonight.
i can help you study.
What up bro
I know right?!
Welcome to twitterville!
Looking forward to taking my grandmother out to see Water for Elephants.
We read the book together!
Did u vote today?
Well i wouldnt have voted even if i couldve voted!
Its THEIR laws, ran by THEIR people, with THEIR own government!
I need summer workouts to kick me back in shape.
Hopes everyone stays safe during this hurricane!
I am ready with my pjs, laptop charged for movies and some beers 
Ohio Delts  Chi O's 3
just read GirlWalksIntoABar in one sitting...so so good.
Thank you for the awesome
coming back from stellar presentation  grateful to have such a vibrant  passionate team!
Wow  awesome!
My daughter asked why people with funny names like Mitt  Newt want to be President.
I replied, yep we need Ronnie's  George's.
She agreed.
Jessica:my fucking arm is hurting!
rashida:you want me to finish?!
check your direct messages.
I resent coupon code
Has Ms Obama ever looked more attractive than she did at the WHCD?
Damn.
that's y its a shout out stoop
315 million Apple devices sold in the world
Love !
The Grand Opening Beauty Bag sounds amazing!
did u catch up w EL?
Thank for joining our network!
Visit us at www.hairlink.co
Lead of the year, good sir.
CR Rohrbough, I hug you.
Thanks for sharing our blog entry!
Watching Brooklyn 11223 with Viggle Mon  11PM  Oxygen HD Get real rewards just for watching TV.
thanks for the RT!
Bubba Watson wants to make you cheer, SEC, SEC....SEC
Thanks for the FF, I like your jewelry.
Happy Veterans Day!
Thank You for your Service!
We bet you did.
Your article looks fascinating.
Reading now.
Channeling my inner Sydney Bristow at the
Sleepy as fuck:'
Just back from mtg w/editor and director and viewing first 50min of PRIVACY; damn!
its looking good.
Aiiiiight.
Do I smell juice?
Yipppeee
yes!
one day we will learn hahahaa
Definitely brewing up a master plan :::::
Ditto on all counts!
: RT : Highlight of my morning?
Running into on my way into the office.
LOVE those moments!
u got it
Had the best weekend in a very long time thanks to my boy Elmer also a try die hard packers fan I guess the green and yellow fans get down
Reminiscing with some old basketball friends
Why is RIP Jackie Chan trending?!?!?
that scared me for a sec..
it's a hoax people!
Seriously jealous to be missing out!
But if you run into Kate or Becky from my company, say hi.
Oh your welcome!!!!:
shoeslessinvegas ?
RT : Just learned what ratchet means...
Now there is one outstandingly important fact regarding Spaceship Earth, and that is that no instruction book came with it
Yup!
To Miami on Thursday morning.
I really wish my damn boyfriend would get home!!!!
Another great FF suggestion is and !
I want you, but I want you to want me too....
just like I want you
Gotta doctorve out to the brandery in Cincy.
Leap  engaging pitch
I am always looking for great acting tips for myself and to share with others.
will this be on demand
do i have an idea of who??
Lmao
projectx was a solid entry in the party movie genre.
It did exactly what was expected.
American pie Betta house
Yes, your hate has been found and is safe and sound.
I'll tag it with your twitter name, you can come get it anytime we're open!
Today was a great daay
Happy Spring Break!
Enjoy the time off, and of course stay safe!
Just tapped Flying Dog Double Dog Imp.
IPA 11.5.
Last of its kind in WA.
In 2012, Im pledging to run more often with Nike GPS.
This will be my year to makeitcount with
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?: 7
All New Episode of JerseyShore right now
Any US stores that are less bad than WF?
Top 12 films based on classical mythology: From 'My Fair Lady' to 'Troy', the greatest films based on GrecoRoma..
Crazy week!
Artists Boot Camp is now looking for interns on the music side and business/marketing.
email resumes to
You can still catch a Rivershore Charter!
Last boat at 7pm!
Agreed.
There will be an intervention.
Capitol Records Twit Katy Perry to be sued by Grammy Voting BMI Published Artist Simon Dylan Ian Xander Thunder for Copyright Infringement!!
Poll: would music fans be interested in receiving sms updates from artists?john
I meant to reply to this link.
Chunk alert left rear!
Who are the Pacers to beat LeBron James AND Dwyane Wade????
I just wanna be real here
forgetting i was on twitter lol
According to these emails, I should TRUST NO ONE
RT : Had a likeable field day with and very proud of my winning team!
My name is Marty Bindschatel just in case you need it!
Hello sunshine.
We are doctorpping off tickets to people in the San Diego area today!
Send us a message if you want a ticket for our Nov.
11th Show at Soma!12
Working while doctorving to Austin.
Love my mobile hotspot.
The people who were trying to make this world worse are not taking the day off.
Why should I?
Bob Marley
Bill Sr to 2012GEO We all make mistakes and continue learning.
Learning about photoelicitation interviewing at the
I'm just so stressed out i'ma snap and it's not gonna be good.
I would love to!!!
Only a month into our referral program and we already have someone who reached 3 confirmed referrals.
Huge Thank You to Jeremy Abolade.
Planning on a fabulous weekend up in Linden, TX for the Texas Music Awards!
where have you been in the US?
Joyful Noise was good!
can you play  Sweet Love  by .
...if PO'd keeps you inspired then GBP nation is ready to see you play even better in '11...
YOTR
look into his eyes...that kid has cold blooded killer mean streak u see from the great ones inittoLINit  u can't teach that
Anyone have a list of local brewed root beers; researching for my blog
Tons of people!
Seemed like last night was especially bad for a lot of people.
Getting on the second bus half way there.
Buying my mgk tickets in Denver
Got to hear the train operator call it NoMa tonight
Dick Cheney news trumps Rick Stantorum news.
I guess that's accurate given the importance of each individual
I want an electric powered car!
LAMHarvard THickerson: be open to interdisciplinary colleagues who will bring new approaches and directions to our thinking.
thank you both BTR and Ariana Grande are very inspiring ppl!
RFT!!!
: I want to do something this spring break for real though.
Wheew, Okay i Finished dat song lemme take a Cat Nap!!
the music just doesn't sound the same without the chronic man
In need of more bball shorts.
Gotta go shopping soon
Is it easy to learn patience?
I don't think so.
Its one of the most difficult personal qualities to master..
Dammit.
Great game, still love my Rangers regardless.
CJ will get it back tomorrow.
is still adorable.
It's true.
Oh look.
It's the Oneders or Wonders.
Nothing to fucking do.
Charlie Weiss doctornks gravy flavored gatoraide.
Im sure of it.
will you shout us out and follow were a tw account that is sharing fanmily encountering with the guys3
my brother adam said to thank everyone cuz happynewyearadam must be for him
I will be back though.
Phoenixrisingfromashes thatwastoodoctormatic tomorrowmaybedonutMonday Hiw are things with you?
i think NBA licenses are tough to get.
maybe if i made friends with the gift shop at the bradley center, they could order it.
Up for endorsement for City Council pos.
1: Maurice Classen, Bobby Forch, Jean Godden, Michael TaylorJudd.
Maurice is speaking.
yeah i'm already a daddy xD
Chillin getting ready for bed
So all we need now is for 10man, 18thplaced QPR to hold our for a result a championselect Man City.
Easy enough...

thanks!
I think I saw you there?!?
We were there around 1130ish!
See you next time 
yeah that's when he did it
Wasn't a tie, and there is no rule that says that.
lol dude yeah it was a blast, dogs are the coolest ever
Probably not productive, but funny.
RT Assem Hansen's putdown of PPA lawyer has become the highlight of the hearing
I can't take too much of Tennessee anymore and I got family who is begging me to come out there.
hey there!
we have it on hold at the moment!
But feel free to still write up ...
link to our Facebook page instead?
So, you are officially saying Tiger won't do it?
I want a cake ball now !
lol.
Just looked out the window and saw somebody walking a cat.......
I feel like cuddling 
followback,Is Hot related to Grey's Anatomy
Um, ?
It seems shit is going down in places.
Any todos going down in PDX?
I have a bunch of crap to do today.
Did you not take your meds this morning?
I need my meds this morning.
GOP Vows Debt Ceiling Showdown.
Here we go again.
Amy Winehouse  Frank
open prefix is polysemous; use of open in opengov, open source, open innovation, opendata, etc is not equivalent nor necessarily related
IT'S SAT!
TIME FOR LUNCH  5 YUENGLING PITCHERS at THE SMILING MOOSE!
GET HERE!
Enjoying new old IBM compy...thanks to fantastic help from Hampton.
Now I can once again operate fluently in both languages: Mac  PC!
Thrashers home game tomoorw with the Islanders, LETS GO THRASHERS, we nned a big win
call he's a good catch
Good morning Nice to see you.
I saw it bruh it was clean for sure tho
How about just packing a suitcase and hittin the highway of life and living for the first time!!doctorve into that sunset and never look back!
a vintage gold cuff!
tol me to hit yu up about details on me and hoppin on camera
researching on the stock market for tomorrow's trade
Good morning rouxers :D have a great day
ff for the latest in vikings news.
Go Vikings!
We better get favre a rotary phone you can't sext with those
omg I'm dying laughing !
lol
Such a sunny day, my day is going good but why does the cold wind bother to show up??
Mikael: MD Harm'n: assuming one is exchanging a diversity of syntaxes
5 hours of sleep, let's do it.
I'm pretty sure I hate every single song T.I.
has recorded or been featured in.
I just really hate his voice.
now that Osama is dead, I want to know where he has been hiding all this time....
Survived an all day strategy meeting feeling optimistic and busy.
A whole day of interviewing tomorrow will, I'm sure, leave me thirsty.
hello from San Diego!
White chalk when you dive back on the 3rd base line..
I say with the bunny.
It's a badass bunny too.
My daughter would love it.
4 days left...hope everyone got costumes!
blink182  the branched bands, kind of mood today.
Which one of you tweeters goes to West Memphis jr high or West Memphis high school?
Have to start the day with some Bela Lugosi.
Love The Town Monster.
what's your thoughts on all these social media IPOs?
To whichever of my coworkers who stole from my purse tonight...you f'ing suck.
And I mean that from the bottom of my heart.
I don't wanna waste your precious time.
I hate that you can't change your furni in the design home app
Get Back to Basics: For something to Work, You Must work it!
Sounds awesome.
RT : Thinking of starting fun stats site called Rsquared less than Zero,
Go after past customers before spending time or money on looking for new ones  a reminder from Good advice.
Nonprofessort :
blah blah blah need to get to bed got towake up early and look pretty for him!!:
yea for Christine!
We are at work on the phone with each other talking about you!
She says she is hot!
pics coming soon :!
is that in DAR??
just peachy keen here babe, how's your day?
One of life's biggest ironies.....No One Gets Out Alive!
TWEET NUMBER THREE FUCKING HUNdoctorD BITCHES!!!!
Dcon!
Dcon!
Dcon!!!!!!
The coffee mug/web cam in your house or brain banter on is cracking me up!
how are you doing today cutie??
:
GhettoTextSignatures MeyouNigga Power, not to put you on blast tia but, you ratchet
I'm 13
call me
Go Like My Video On My professorle..I'll Return The Favor :
im gonna take a wild guess that no asians work at why?
cuz I got the circle Chen Family w/ every Chen in my addoctorss book LOL
A mix of sun and clouds today.
A spotty shower can't be ruled out of the question.
Warm with a high of 90!
Just seen: If you have a parrot and you don't teach it to say,Help, they've turned me into a parrot.
you are wasting everybody's time.
I like Neil and Zayn.
:
Thats whats up RT : Wish yall luck  success :Get ready new year is gonna bring a lot of great things from the WC.
Ah man, looks like i'm really missing out :
I guess I know what I'll be doing this summer.
:p
Man, I'm running up out this bitch at 5 on the dot...NBS 
I'm really good at finding email addoctorsses.
Support the tour Louisiana Style!
People with smart mouths  bag that ass all the way UP
no clue who makes rules, but MTA bus reps I  others spoke to claim doctorvers choose their runs  can't be made to take a run...
Omg The avengers was amazin
This tweet is 4 everyone in my tl who r mothers, i hope yall hv a happy mother's day.
Acura commercial may be best auto commercial yet brandbowl.
Props to
Stay by my side and you'll feel better and be safe !!
welcome to twitter....
well then you should follow me because we have something in common :
Happy New Year!
Love you Davidsons!
looks yum!
did you make this?
Daily Couve and Clark County Live thank you for following us
Okeyxokesee you at Icon!
Outside of Braun, who else will be an impact playwright this year?
hot mess what happen sound like u need a hug

Smart use of technology can enable this transition.
thanks for helping us spread the word.
We appreciate that.
The midnight train to Boston still hasn't gotten in to Boston.
i've never been as goofy or giggly as i've been the last hour 
Who saw the sign JayZ just put up...
They are at our Camp Randall location 6082569499
With the Mayor and other VIPs at the FBI Open House and groundbreaking
It's too bad we can't kick China and Russia off the UN Security Council.
This is BS.
They speak candidly about the social hardships they faced,their careers, and Jim B.
goes in on the non social activism of today's athletes!
That what does not kill you, makes you wish it had
Its a common misconception of Narcoleps To the contrary we are very hard workers we work w/our brain cycling thru sleep stages!
Agreed.
You need critical mass, and that mass has to come from somewhere.
Won't be going to north Carolina anytime soon, that's fo sho.
Hey Kayla, are you getting paid by these news agencies for your pics?!
Double down!
let's see if some more of my followers, would show me love on this very special day of mine :
Jeremiah 5:2829 Their evil deeds have no limit; they do not plead the case of the fatherless to win it...
Stevie Wonder!!!
They should of had him perform
god : his father is quite nice
boy haven't you learned anything?
Don't b fooled by the rocks that she got, she's still, she's still jenny from da block 
I got the 5 and 2
haha sorry you keep taking the bait
We need a fluke goal from QPR now, or 10 goals from MUFC and
Let the Christmas Cookie making begin.
Everyone's welcome!
ED Secretary Arnie Duncan shares experiences using longitudinal data system while school leader in Chicago
Fake hair.fake smile .
fake friend.
hun, are u sure u weren't made n china ???
And!..groceries.
sxgpages Reasons for Google 1 search relevance 2 hangouts....not social.
According to the panel at
Glad to hear you guys are having great weather.
We are as well.
finally.
I'll be very open tomorrow and I'm looking for to it
Thank you!
Cutoff weather 
yeah that thing is a sexy beast!
Throats so sore this morning : but glad a have a double bed to myself :D.
Little Weapons is having a big meeting right now!
We're excited!
so my old 2 decideds 2 talk 2 me the other day and ask for my number hell2daNo i think the last time was enough i'm still hearing about it
sweet home alabama is on!
Happy Cinco de Mayo San Diego!
Before you party like a rock star, book a cab/limo/bus, so everyone can get home safe!
Audition for Cyrano this summer!
Done : RT : Did you know MVP, Justin Verlander is on Twitter?
Follow him,
likewise, if you ever need anything I'm always down to network and get my name out.
Yup!
Exactly, as I figured.
You and I can get together anytime, but why don't I plan on coming to Career Curves on 3/19?
They still meet at 10:00 am?
If I'm louder, would you see me?
Would you lay down, in my arms and rescue me?
Was able to grab a glimpse of the next version of WebCamWindow today.
Wait til you guys see it.
this new computer isn't letting me use pro tools 9 for some reason.
I'm trying to figure it out.
I'll keep u posted
Wish I was in Chicago for mybxb.
I'll be following along on Twitter so you all better be on your A game.
Watching HeeHaw with my mom.
Just wow.
Lol.
Damage controlling what fake/parody accounts are saying?
Really necessary?
doctorwing the attention of your 193k followers worth it?
wow Liam, just wow.
You have a twitcam while I'm at school...
Well I hope someone records it
My twitter name ant dat name for no reason
In class this morning s/o to all of y'all that did the damn thing last nite for that special someone...
a bit bragadocious
Vent: isn't it easier for YOU if I register online as opposed to through snailmail?
Then why charge me a 5 transaction fee?
DUMB!
Yo swsea11!
Everyone ready for demos?
You all calm  collected?
;
my brother is so damn annoying.
Yes we can put on the list, what is your full name and how many?
has anyone made some GREAT New Years Resolutions?
please share!
Been on this money marathon come run a Lap with ya boy...
StepsToSurviveAHorrorMovie Don't hide in a closet, psychos like Michael Myers will always find you there.
Dumbasses
Did someone say spring pizza picnic?
Small specialty pizzas only 8.99.
Over 20 to pick from!
I can't find a good group for horde...
Always fall apart around wave 10
Watching The Voice hoping mine returns soon...one week into this cold and it doesn't want to let go of me!
if you were offered the cover of Madden would you take it?
The FMLA applies to organizations with 50 or more employees
Good day today
First Tecmo action since TecmoVIII.
Just got my ass handed to me in an Oilers/Raiders matchup.
Riki Ellison owes me a personal apology.
I hear ya...me too
Senate adjourned and will hold pro forma sessions until February 27.
u know I stop trusting u when u did u know what to u know who.
Haha
: Feels good to be home!
Time to win light fools up WoodShead !!
I hope your doctorams stay big, your worries stay small, and you never have to carry more than you can hold.
Chase ebanking  Ebanks
my coworker 4got about me when i thought she was gon get some chinese food.
Happy early birthdayy I wishh we could spend every birthday together!!!
thanks hon:
I dnt deserve u I dnt wanna hurt u dnt let me get yo way still ma shit Lloyd banks LOL
But it would never happen otherwise I love you!!
Congrats on your board win!
Okay, enough with the gloom.
Uncle!
Eat, doctornk, Dance, and have a great Experience always making everyone feel so special !
I have to get a better twitter app for the iPhone.
thank you :
MIDNIGHT IN PARIS is a trifle, but as a diehard Woody fan, still glad about its Best Screenplay victory!
Go Woody!
I am more or less exactly like her in that regard.
:
Would you like a week of free smoothies and let me tell you about w/ ?
RIP Jack Horkeimer, The Star Hustler.
Epitaph: Keep Looking Up was my life's admonition, I can do little else in my present position.
mitt romney says President Obama is spending too much BECAUSE he wants even MORE Cut Taxes for WEALTHY  Corporations.
ReElect Obama!!
So harsh on McFly.
It's just a movie chaps.
Not real life.
RT: : Marty still SUCKS.
Hope I leave this dealership with a car
HappyFathersDay  Treat dad to a tan!
Cheering on our Penn Alumni at the PennAW Quaker Trot  Penn Park
clown ass niggas aint never on shit thats y i cant take them serious
Whenever I see someone getting bullied I stand up for them .
It just breaks my heart to know how horrible people can be /3
BRONCHITIS SUCKS SO BAD!!!!!!!!!!!
i need to get better.
and soon.
It was Rory Cavaille who blocked it.
And it was in 2009.
Whew!
MobileMe back in operation after 10min outage.
Sorry to press the button so quickly, but this is not the first time it's scared me.
Sometimes I really hate how shy I am and how much I care about other people's opinions of me.
I want to by carefree  not care what anyone..
it sucks having no one to talk to..
PTL for an amazing INCgiving event  tune in, INCMEDIA.org!
And now, amazing postshoot meal !
w/ Cruz  Buenavistas
Wow, claiming that Basiji are the ones that have been killed?
Khamenei killed any chance he had of stopping the protests.
Neither can I!
RT Just signed up for Dec, can't wait!
I gave K about Red Bull on
I think maybe you've been spammed?
you think you know it all but you don't!!!!
Stolls, The Ninth Wife.
Everyone has baggage, right?
Brilliant nuanced  burlesque examination of life choices that make sense at the time.
Been really busy  happy about it!
Headed to NY to meet with CNN tomorrow
Good Morning Tasha!
Just letting you know that class Twitter accounts are now in Blackboard for our WorkplaceTechnology class
nothing happens with I click posts tweets to Facebook in my professorle
ITNS  .059 to 2?
Merely testing to see if it's hype or the genuine article.
Ok ok 103 degree heat index, you win!
Our new treadmill has been ordered.
Must remember: RT if you can't change it or fix it or influence it in any way, you have to let it go.
Let it go.
And breathe
when the bats are alive  this team is dangerous!
It was once said that Politics  Solutions have little to do with 1 another.
Solutions are about solving the problem, not taking sides..
I REMEMBER THAT TOO.
And in reality I had just made it.
Happy Monday Folks!
Wanna stop in and say hi?
Bring your frames too!
Appreciate it.
Ha, I'd just like NHL to have more nationwide appeal.
I too am sick of Ovi vs.
Sid  Detroit vs the world.
thx for the shout out.
Funny thing, FactCheck is actually my middle name.
Its Ukrainian.
Means One who prances in tutu whilst doctornk.
Why does that sound so funny?!!
youre mean!
how long are you and gonna leave Texas?
help for the 2011 stuffabus 3 locations canton royaloak  ClintonTownship help us fill school buses with toys
Taiwan for vacation?
good morning
no i wish!
but its on demand for free :
Tonight is the 10:50pm pst premiere for the music video CAUGHT finally!www.ustream.tv
Haha.
Unfortunately, so many people doctornk it that it's nearly impossible to cut out entirely.
We just have to do our best
Another snow storm, another perfectly good velour tracksuit RUINED.
could we please interview you guys?
:
Think I'm gonna rent a car tomorrow and explore Denver...
I know Colorado is beautiful and I'm tired of not experiencing it.
they got my boy kobe
Dear Girls , Guys Should Put Yoou Before Anything Or Anyone .
Becuss Love Is What You're Willing To Give Up .
sold, great record
Last set at the gym I throw on Mercy halfway thru Ye's verse so that the 2 chaiiiinz!
yell gets me through the last push lmao
Speak God's Word today to whatever mountain you are facing and watch it crumble away!
FYI pee doesn't come out of labia, or vaginas.
Thought you might be interested to know that.
love your speedo.
Who do u think will be the next miss Venezuela??
Ralph Friedgen: Well, its not painful because I watch it for the kids.
I could care less about Maryland.
Ive burned my diploma.
the best way to work with faculty in professorssional advising?
SHARE...
Then Omarion...Now she's an Omarion fan!
Hilarious!
We look forward to seeing your design at our Bedmaking event next week!
Yall go out to writers block 2 nite...some of n.o finest!!!
Would u rather have a nice wholesome boring but loyal mate or a straight up exciting freak in ur life?
I will tweet daily on the  Chain Challenge  ...
Anyone else want in...
Then I am calling you out...
Continued next tweet
lol he don't want none
Wishing were up.
I need somebody to talk to.
:/
Hmm.
Don't recall discussing headphones with you.
LOL :The Pepsi commercials are so...erotic.Sorry,I rarely doctornk sodas.Is the missing ingredients of Viagra inside those cans?
Step 1: Don't go to Vegas.
Do you see what I did there?
DUCWIDT?
And there's the only reason I don't count the Pens out completely ...
Bryzgalov!
Hell of a contrast  Fleming's perfect diction, Chandler sounding like he's about to crawl under the table
Watching a movie with my nephew.
Lord Byronbada the might of the gentile, unsmote by the sword, hath melted like snow in the face of the lord.
Know your role.
Peoples
Well, love is confusing at all ages, but especially when you're 17.
I think I can guess who you'd like to light on fire
Happy Friday!
We will B open 4 lnch 2morrow at 11:30.
Join the Garden Walk .
PLEASE HELP PUT JOSEPH KONY AWAY TO PRISON FOR LIFE FOR HIS CRIMES!!
Wonderful and Brown received award from us at the International Association of Official Human Rights Agencies in Mobile
For some reason I just thought of peanut butter with extra peanut butter okay haha !:
Where are the rain dancers?
lol..
You're like the only person that knows lol
Karluk Manor will open in November but ribboncutting ceremony held today for controversial housing project that allows homeless to doctornk
it will never be as bad as the worst case scenario that you can come up with.
We're good at evil, but not THAT good
Employment relationships are based on mutual interest.
At the end, there's no more mutual interest.
Fascinating to see how that plays out.
True.
It does spoil some of your fun.
striking against the 8 hour work day of all things!
I need a massage, stat!
I hate nba refs they never show denver love
Was just about to suggest the Grove.
Want to meet in front of the Apple store?
:
Example: Old dude in sober is actually the aged black shadowy figure from Prison Sex, who grows old as the thing in schism
I am so ready for choir auditions :
Taming the burrito with
I'm guessing it's just too mainstream for you, Victoria?
Hunger games seems to be The LotteryIn TimeMad Max so I've pretty much seen it already.
I couldn't have asked for more
bout to take my dog out.
A beautiful day in Muncie!
No better way to celebrate than chilling on the porch
I asked if the water was boiling...she says I don't know and gets ready to poke it
FA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA...
to open up the doctorft.
Good start
I'm headed to no tights...I'll just doctornk more wine to make the chill go away.
Just a couple more minutes until we kick off WOMMAchat.
Calling all WOMU attendees  social professorssionals, what topics are on your mind?
It's not to late to accomplish something today...if you've been productive there is still more to do!
My bf is going to kill me when he finds out how much I spent on clothes today....but I NEEDED them!
:
doctorma rules the world
Who of you by worrying can add a single hour to his life?
Matthew 6:27.
God's got us, If God is for us who can be against us?
Motivate  Fortune favors the brave.
Boat shoes  awkward or awesome?
I watched 5 minutes of the movie semipro.
I had to shut it off.
It hit too close to home.
You know you're a swinger when...
You are wearing wristbands in most of your vacation photos.
Buhbye, finals!
See you in 2012, IUPUI students.
Stay safe!
There we go...
FLYING DEATH MACHINE TIME!!
your are to!

suppose to be helping me clean up my Room,and he's just making it WORSE LOL......
Standing room only on airplanes...Rest stops closing in one state...and the annual running of the bulls..join us at 5!
LOL, i just bit my cup.
0500 waking up to go swim run pull up sit up and push up test
Thanks!
I will definitely do that :
My wedding shoes are beautiful
How was opening night of Assassins?
Thanks for coming to celebrate with us at RumpusRoom!
But openness makes a conversation, engages; openness wins.
Vital today to build community, excitement.
Sorry haven't been around much.
Still think of my bbnfam every day.
More than a halftrillion dollars already spent in this endeavor.
I hope every one has a lovely morning and a fantastic day!
Scratch, make that 4
no I love you Lauren
Pirates now in a 3way tie for 3rd place.
Vampires are always sexy.
I was into the original doctorcula.
Capes, flying, sucking on the neck.
Very cool.
School teachers help make America better tomorrow.
Unsung heroes.
Thank you teachers for your work and dedication.
Thank you.
listening to Nine Days and ripping apart four months of work.
surprisingly early2000's and invigorating.
Under certain circumstances, the federal government will cancel all or part of an educational loan.
This practice is called Loan Forgiveness
Music Update: The HookLess Tape is 55 percent complete....
That is all.
How's that new Blackberry with the touch screen ???
Mention me!!
Beautiful la day!!!!!
Oh me too!
I  bananas  miss them terribly...
Even more than a cupcake!!
OMG...
Did I actually say that?
Hahaha!
Enjoying the another day on Earth with a wonderful Fiance, and a nice GRAND TINEL 2007 HERES CHATEAUNEUF DU PAPE....loving life.
haha yup that's him, his wife and son.
tweeted a picture with them at the show.
And then some.
Are you a blackberry user???
Add me for BBM: 3213ECBC
I just wonder if today's guys will do the same thing 20 years down the line...
OH NO!
Thanks for giving them to a friend though!
You did give them, right?
Follow and he will kiss you ;
I'm still hungover...
At my brothers stealing his beer
Men, here's a skill you must learn.
Amuse me.
I want to help, and even if I've said it a few times, amuse me by saying, okay, will do!.
Happy Monday tweeps!
Do we all have dental appointments to get the most out of our insurance?
Time is running out!
when you coming to Miami?
Lmao
oh that
Manulife Financial Hires 20Year Veteran of Asia39;s Financial Services Sector, Steve Roder, as Chief Financial Officer
Did you know we offer Deep Heat Muscle Therapy?
Its just one of the choices you can add to your weekly massage therapy session.
Will somebody tweet me I'm super bored
hold on hold on I did ?
o lol I got ya
free socialmedia lesson: don't respond to the haters.
Great news: Today we've launched , , , and We're working it statewide!
There are moments in ones life that are cherished.
One of those moments just happened.
Life, art, culture, community is a wonderful thing.
RT : I'm in my underwearknee high black socks Once we've occupied twitter, every1 converge on their local piggly wiggly
Graded blogs for 2 classes  sent cometoJesus emails to 3 students before 6 a.m.
Waking at four w/ a caffeine headache has its advantages
When I was 12, I taught myself basic architecture doctorfting so I could create my own hobbit home
Lining up the 70's prog rock on earphones and knocking out work.
Pres.
Nixon who died on this day in 1994 appointed Wm.
Rehnquist to Supreme Ct.
Rehnquist had never been a judge before his appointment.
Happy Birthday Twitter!
lol, I will, I'll be back next sunday for a booking
Trust me the thought crossed my mind...
and Troy's.
Miss it so much here.
FL will always be our home
it's awful!
Almost every shirt I buy looks so awkward!
sorry I missed talking to you tonight!
Good stuff.
Learning how screen readers get information from a page from
Are you ok?
Do you need help?
my fave pharmacist 
That awkward moment when you see somebody and you try not to look at them but they are looking at you
Thanks Emma!
Yes, I'm on DisBoards too!
Addicted to the food pictures on there: Have a magical day!!
gay for pussy is better than not gay at all.
What's worse: a hoarder house, a garbage house, or a heroine house?
i honked at you :p
I'm glad one of us finds that funny lol
we posted the same thing.
LOL
u asked lol
I Ball Hard All Year Nigga!
Be inspired by the rain.
Write a song.
Work me into it.
Doesn't make you a dork, makes you good at what you do!
lol marking out
No problem!
And, FedEx didn't come yet so I still get my package today!
:D
heey!
How are you!?
:D
Smooth Jazz at it's Best!
Great Album!
God's Speed with your Music..
today would be the best day ever if you followed or retweeted me!
22 days till boyfriend!!11
Great July 4th weekend with friends and family.
Wen are u on fire?
RT Boozer: I just missed shots.
Some nights are like that.
Some nights youre on fire.
Some nights youre not.

5 Megan Fox
Corel User to User Web Board  View topic  Win DVD 11 Pro Freezes
sounds like the streets of Allston!
you don't only live once?
I use to be a frog.....
My friend was telling me about his one time sleep paralysis.
Shit is scary!
Its about to be a light skinned throw down between caramel n the living glow worm
Done!
This is about to get really interesting.
Cheers ;
Go I'm having a gr8t time at your luncheon.
Hope I win some silent auction items.
I went wild!!
what's your favorite fruit?
any that you can't eat?
askjae ....I'm not too late am I ?
bones does not like us
Oh, brilliant!
just standing around waiting to see what im gonna be doing today  wrk.
thank god i get paid by the hour.
today should be fun though.
against the Twins.
I may able to no hit them
I need ta let this nigga go cuz he gon make me beat his ass
Hey you're looking pretty cute tonight
a great spot is Wednesday nights Spirits w/ Lovely...
did u see the pics I posted on FB from my trip
Sign up for a membership and get 15 off any bottle of lotion plus a FREE pair of goggles and 2 FREE upgrades!!
what do you play for in the band?
I need a good laugh doctorPhil and TO wonder if its on you tube
I remember that I was playing.
I think I've messed with you like that before.
Lol sorry if you thought I was serious.
does anyone think there should be a satc 3???
OK srsly teenage girls, if some old dude wants to be your boyfriend or modeling agent, do not be surprised when he turns out to be a pimp!
loving the new album already!
I've been jamming all morning!
Two Black Cadillacs  Blown Away steal the show!!
MyThoughtsAtSchool I wonder if , , or is tweeting while I'm stuck in this hell whole?
not happening anymore but kept getting but back to lvl65 4th after a couple days of playing even though I lvled up???

I go big!
Much love : SKCnation raaaaa is that a fat joke?;
Your twitter professorle picture is so 2003.
Oh wait, shit, so is mine.

what about Facebook.
RT!
yeah one I these days I am just going to put it into the cart myself!
Ya know got to be relaxed sometimes :D
Linh Dinh hates the internet.
Just like Prince!
obv this is a Romeo selection.
FK U BETTA
Good!
It will work out, I'm sure:
Why?
April 4, 1968 is a date to live by...
often times you can be a year away from graduation and still qualify for those
No prob...
thank you love!
yes, exactly the reaction I wanted !
: wow...
could I buy some pot from you?
And lotion.
Do not put my expense Dermalogic on your ashy feet!
Do you fly for The Hoppers out of UGN?
Found a snickers on the floor of my car.
Wrapper fully intact.
Yes.
First world problem.
Im in calf
Wednesdays at Salute.
Live Jazz and 8 martinis.
8 East Superior.
mention the tweet to get 10 off
im so happy i got the neversaynever3d !
:
i'd like to volunteer to help on the next van halen video, why the heck are so many shots out of synch with the vocals?
Congrats from your friends
imma come watch a game or 2 i promise
break a reed, cack a note...
Wish I could be there.
Got worky assignments.
Oy.
FF to EVERYONE.
Why?
Cuz you're all GOLD.
Bold prediction for 2012: an investigation will be conducted, and then the results will be swept under the rug.
delangeconf8: How does the scholarly communication system support or inhibit global collaboration?
What role might open access play?
As artful a captainon as in Season of Mists or The Wake.
The 200 words I added to my Sweeper and lost are unworthy.
awesome!
Docent come on here until 2:30 damn!
Go Blue!!!
follow  she follows bck :P
At the next SF Giants throwback game, Brian The Beard Wilson should come out in a bullpen car.
I swear i can open my mind to lots of things but not those big stupid glasses.
I want to spaz on the floor yelling www
...then don't transform into a hairy, fanged beast of legend and date my daughter and everything will be fine, right?!
Also interesting to note the way you resort to machismo.
Fail.
going to sleep!
goodnight everyone!
x
Sure did.
Designed the mobile app.
You know Kevin?
3 hours till REVO San Diego!
I think they always suspected it...
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY MAMA, WE 3 YOU What did Austin Do for You ?
:
WARNING: RICKI ESCAPED AND IS HEADED WEST ON 290...on foot.
SHE IS CONSIDERED ARMED AND EXTREMELY HUNGRY.
uses me as a regular resource in the science behind an application of play
RT : Never let an Aries read your mind.
Once you're predictable, you're history.
Roe v.
Wade was Jim Crowe right?
Aswin John
I'll make time for you!
You know this!
Join us tonight at Tomcats West for a night of epic auditory enjoyment!
Your ears will ring with wonderment!
At the least you'll have fun!
Sports Fact: when the Chicago Cubs start 10 or 01 they have gone on to not win a World Series for the past 103 years.
ooh!
Could you send me the info?!
Got me a number lol
Love is the selfdelusion we manufacture to justify the trouble we take to have sex
Ight I need a Clippers W
how u kno
Happy test doctorving!
I love midsized SUVs.
So Heat fans are gonna defuse their salt by talking about The Lakers hahahahahaha
kids Charlotte's Web at Artisan Center Theater, Sat, May 19 10:00a: All the enchanting characters are here in this beautiful, knowing...
Progress is a process don't limit yourself.
Your achievements have no boundaries.
When it's all said and done...I'll be the one on top.
Exactly!
RT : Never mistake opinion for fact.
what have you been up to?
hopefully soon
Midnight In Paris US ticket sales now at 50.7 million.
Done!
RT : Follow for good info on energy management from
no problem!
please check out our music video www.youtube.com/socontagioustv
Glad to follow you
Happy Tuesday to all our followers!
Yes or No...Are you wishing for a jewelry gift this year?Phoenix Paradise Valley Mall
That.
was.
fucking.
nuts.
It has been a very long day.
I'm just ready to get home, shower, and pass out.
you couldn't handle me anyway!
Oof, after a long weekend in a retirement community I'm not ready for trivia to last an hour and a half beyond the scheduled end.
Lokking forward to the Jets season.
RT Writing Mets preview for Grantland.
What are some synonyms for despair?
How can all the classes be almost full  fml having a bad day
GOTPL8S Thanks for the follow!
check out The Language of School DesignDesign Patterns 4 21st Century schls We r designing STEM buildcenter4counity
Stunting like my daddy.
TYE Great questions and thanks for judging!
I'm glad I didn't have to answer them!
What do you think about the latest trend in personalized jewelry of name necklaces?
Would love your feedback!
im shaking from just how upset i am.
but ill probably be able to write another song.
: one of those down side to up side things i guess.
some damn fun...all work and no play
great paneling with you today
Great day to compose new songs,follow me i follow you,as soon my limit goes down,Need Likes and Friends on Fb.Paul Borges music.God bless.
Come on Badger fans!
Oregon Helmets is trending!
What is that about?
Rose Bowl!
Rose Bowl!
Go Badgers!
Go Bucky!
Go Red!
Let's party!
Happy Valentines Day guise333
Me and you are going to have serious words tomorrow boy!
3
New karaoke contest with an escalating jackpot being announced soon !
Or, nothing wrong with sinking your teeth into some juicy vampiro!
;
I want for the future of my country to be open to the world mister.
Jehan Sadat
hi billy, saw your tweet  check us out!
we only work with higher ed.
our mobile site works well on Andoctorid for time/task entry
needs to come to Memphis or Little Rock sometime!!
Everyone would be too excited
Meet Maestro at ASTD International.
See mobile magic in person at booth 1714.
why do I feel like that's going to be me in 25 years?
I love This Holiday : !
My Favorite Two Words to Say is Mindless Behavior and PRODIGY !
: Ah !
They make me go So Stupid Mindless .
Good Morning Gulu!
He wasn't a bartender; he was a mixologist.
How it was that I couldn't see the difference was baffling to him.
As he explained, there's a
portfolio reviews.
6 cities in 10 days.
Sleep or get ready for this test.....
What's wrong, sissy?
why not both?
1 class tourney over Christmas break, 4 class at end of season.
I like all of the high scores for this week.
Everyone has a little confidence in Jack.
I hope he can pull it off.
At the start of the 3rd novel in the PIcador book, Some Hope, St.
Aubyn seems to have lost some of his prosemojo.
Ew she LLNed haha : haha im sorry, harry told me not to tell anyone!
LLN get on oovoo or txt me when you can boo
25 for a Family Four Pack at Incredible Pizza includes 4 buffets, 4 beverages  4 game cards www.mydailydeals.com
I wish you could post the recipe looks yummy!!
is following me.
Brb...
Rather than save a few underprivileged teaching faculty, would rather promote universal sustainable open access
Do you run faster?
Feet feel better?
Feel more natural?
good i guess orthodontist in a little....
how your day??
I'm my own problem.
I think...
ugh.
In love with the wolf was not a predator ...
LOL I'm watching SNL right now :
I am addicted to NBA Jam for iPad
Agreed.
But maybe they are just messing with you because it's a stupid question to ask a real creative.
time to fire up.
RT i think im getting better with my iPhone
New Ladies Tank Tops Available  www.SnoClothing.com
the internet has everything...
Has anyone upgraded to Lightroom 4 via the App Store?
Did it go well?
lmaooooo then u have to decide whether to fish it out right away, or wait a few seconds????
Tonight's Empirical meeting agenda: euchre, pizza, and some beer from and
yeah thousands of people!
You can get hepatitis by walking barefoot on a beach.
My sister gets the world...
WORK IN THE FIELD OF ENTERTAINMENT and IMAGE BUILDING no cost 2u motivated people 5 to 10,000 monthly
y'all are going this weekend?
If you feel like getting a little deeper into LA, we'll be hanging out in the French Quarter.
Next week is the Texas Prize Members' Preview!
We love our sponsors:  Word of Mouth Catering!
I am in need of someone to do a concept doctorwing of a spaceship.
Where does one get such a thing?
HAIL SOUTHERN!
just sent in abundance :
To be overcome by the fragrance of flowers is a delectable form of defeat.
Beverly Nichols
We are open until 8 every night this week!
Dont let the snow keep you away!
Ha ha.
No, I wouldn't think swimming with sharks would be boring.
my highlights said they were golden, they made me really blonde Not golden wtf ?
I give up trying to figure people out.
Why are so many so fucking cra cra!?
BRO !
My mom and dad said yes !
:D
Geeze!!
I had an awesome day!!
Thanks son for the steak dinner..
You REALLY showed me how it's done!!
LOL!!
I have no comments about gay marriage except keep it from me and do it away from me.
That's your business but don't make it mine.
jason we love you so much!!
Get on more often if you have time!
Please follow me, your my biggest inspiration in dance!
: 9 Deadly StartUp Sins from The StartUp Owner's Manual://t.co/YQ4omBor
You're welcome!
Still working through the Outlander series fridayreads Currently a quarter of the way through Breath of Snow and Ashes
Did you make it home okay, or have you been buried alive by bargain cookware?
There is no picture, open your eyes.
When doctorving use a turn signal I ain't God  u ain't Jesus Christ.
So I dont what u going 2 do
I know lol
quality final posession there Dwayne.
or Duane.
I just finished a 2.01 mi run with a time of 22:23 with Nike GPS.
There's a want there's a need ..
There's a history between
What do you like most about car2go SanDiego?
When do you use it?
What would you like to see changed?
Let us know we want to hear from YOU
haha...if it makes you feel good...!
youre weird
haha I ate the chicken but wasnt really up for the 90 excess wrap portion of the meal
: Feeling grateful I live in a city where I can attend a great event like PDXDMC  That's what we hoped for!
Happy Sunday Morning!
Go pamper a Mom today!
Today will be a good day....
Besides this gloomy rainy day.
Seriously, good for you.
I just have one out so far, slow going, I know there's an audience, I'm still looking for it
Countdown to lunch 3...2...1.
who's ready ?
We got Smoked Prime Rib all Day !!
Like Marvin Gaye said...
Today is the day to get your Sonic on!
Sonic Baltimore 8212 Liberty Rd  Rolling Rd.
Exit 18 off 695
Too many celeb spottings to tweet but will say Reece Witherspoon looked amazing an was tres sweet
Sometimes the answer is so simple you overlook the obvious.
SeanLetwat
I think with genre blending the definitions will get more and more loosiegoosie.
I hope the creepy guy doesn't come out
Booing repeal of DADT
In Wausau going to a wedding reception.
Go badgers.
Happy new year!!
Totally agree.
I happen to think its a little more special here in PDX, but I could be described as biased.
:
TONIGHT in Fulton 230 at 5PM Evelyn Murphy will be speaking on Negotiating the Workplace and the Economy...Come check it out!!!
only if you got that slip  tight ..
send us your music as well
Thanks Jim!
let's figure out a day/time that works.
you can come see the collection,get a tour and you can browse all you want!
Mill goin ham on
New faces/avatars always welcome in meded chat.
Be here and be yourself.
Last Computer Repair in Pittsburgh, Toshiba Satellite L305 DC Jack Replacement
U2 Live Crew
Just arrived to listen to Texas Renegade play.
Yeehaw!
Is an inactivist a thing?
Because I think I am that.
hey i just met you...
Writing a new song
Hearing .
.
.
Right now!
hi!
They have me trying to do a story on your sister todaydo you know if she's around?
Advance greetings to everyone.
Happy New Year planet Earth!
Hahahahaha love ya Jess :
My cousin left her boys with me this morning  I was knocked out the whole time.
My bad!
Lol
Follow backk?
:D
I am interviewing comic actor Pauly Shore this week.
What should I ask him?
I need to meet a NYC chick...
And a ATL chick  a 504 chick.
I've never see the untalented leave on their own.
More times they're talent is one of manipulation and credit stealing.
Does anyone remember those Crazy Eddie commercials from back in the day?
They were great.
Hard for companies like that to compete anymore.
How to Improve Your Marketing Conversion Using HubSpot
xray.
I've been waiting ever since I was a kid and disappointed by the ones I ordered from a comic book.
I see myself as a girl but people see me as a TOMBOY
Just got my new camera!
Can't wait to try it out :
sweet hashtag bro
Liquid cookies with lmao.
Tea or coffee?
Yes and so appreciated Leslie!
RT : Hi Wayne, VERTICAL has promoted TheChihulyCollection 4 ages.
lol My mans lost all his cool points for that movie.
b the guy who gets twice as much done in 45 minutes than the guy who works for 1.5 hrs.
in the gym.
When I said trade I think I meant out of the first round.
A5: You're not doing it right?
thanks for the RT Pam!
Just a few followers from 1500!
haha Me to we did it at some random gas station haha
2 tests on friday  not doin a darn thing on Sunday.
Ok, this SF thunder and lightning is cray cray.
My margarita is scared!
it's my only threat
Nah, it's not its fault !
I thought that place was an urban legend.
Hacked by this fool
Thank you for the RT CADL!
5 minutes late usually means 15 minutes late
RIP Don Cornelius.
Soul Train was a great show.
So your purpose is what you say it is.
Your mission is the mission you give yourself.
Your life will be what you create it, as and no one w
He's a golfer
Made it to Phoenix Arizona!!
Bout to sip on a cpl of Coronas!
Rockin out Roberta Flack next cpl of days....lets go!
channeling my inner Little Engine that Could today
My heart is breaking watching kids in my community mourn a friend.
Please pray for students at Sandburg and family/friends of Ryan
Recently introduced my best friend to your music and she loves it!
she's not even into bands, that says a lot!
today brunch special sweet potato bisquits topped with sausage gravy served with 2 eggs any style.
I'm so excited about this fight card!
When are tickets going to be on sale?
If I were running a bank robbery, my goto phrase would be: Okay, this will only take a second...
Who in da hell told to change Avi.
My TL fucked up now!!!
Change it back damit!
yes!
Email us at jacqueline
Oh, I get it!
I was mistaking the barbed wire for Auschwitz and confused by cacti.
It's an immigration joke.
Duh
Damnit every perfect fall day that goes by I'm wishing we were doing this!!
This is my last resoooooorttttt!
How interested are others in with 's point about impatience, and the benefits of sharing and discussing ideas sooner?
Last year at this time, the Brewers were 1621, just like now.
They also went on to win 13 of their next 16.
: Now that your guy is Indie, I may have to vote for him.
: 
same here!
moviechatters lets make this the hottest new trend on twitter just tell the world about your favorite
Have you called to book your fun party cruise!
Have questions call us 3058162008 Discount Code: GloStar
I need a smart girl with a dumb bootay!
thank you all for following, it is very much appreciated!!
Love that score and the movie.
Both are in my top 10 of last year.
Waking to my wife philosophizing.
Love this!!!!!
And I can't wait to see your I 3 the Oxford comma tshirt.
Eek.
Not doing so good at Script Frenzy.
At 50 pages now, so I have to write at least 11 pages a day for the rest of the month.
She left the room I didn't turn off MLP.
Is that bad?
someone else doesn't have a life either
and we all reAdy beat them week 6!
No your facts!!!
sounds fun..
and it pays the heel bill!
Ventriloquists are among the highestpaid entertainers in the country.
Does anybody have a ZipCar card I can borrow?
Mine doesn't arrive in the mail until next week .
nice!
Have you considered working up a journal article on your project?
A real derth of studies on community reads...
Anyone else think the jelena statue is a bit too far?....
don't expect respect if you don't respect your self
Be your own best friend and don't forget to wink at yourself ever now and then.
Diane von Furstenberg
Panel highlights via :  and the value of cookies, pirate's gold  going beyond mayors and badges.
Awesome!!
Looks great too!!
Postmenopause cancer risk linked to seaweed: study  ABS CBN News
At Al Forno Ferruzza on Alberta for fundoctoriser for dental student mission to Mexico.
Pizza, yum!
you got the idea!
hey hey!
sorry to cut you off during the Scarface screening!
Wish we could've connected afterwards.
where and why?!
And when?!
Good Morning :
Who's that guy??
lukewho?
oh so gross.
I thought my biggest problem was just picking oh the stray hairs.
Glad to hear you enjoyed!
Thanks for ordering RT : excellent service from tonite!!
Sweetie, next time you should sign out of your Twitter in the Bears Den..This time I'll do it for you youarewelcome A kind stranger
Storms keeping you in?
You can still have dinner for two: : Supposed to storm tonight til late.
Get your orders in now!
ooh, outside!
Sometimes I forget that exists!
Also, cute hat!
:
Come in and celebrate Fat Tuesday at the brewpub!
We will let the good times roll with good food and great beers!
For every min they delay this MedicareSS trustee press conf, another dozen baby boomers turns 65
Thank you!
One good thing is that I'm getting rid of a lot of stuff.
I love getting rid of stuff :
Aesthetics happen.
Porter Arneill
Check out Pres.
Obama live now on CSPAN at the Correspondents Dinner
And the DCIrene fun has begun!
Rain wind rain and only 24 or so more hours to go!
Yeah.
that's cool I go there now.
Why'd you move
Of course I want one!!!
Why am I having for my Easter meal you might ask?
Well...
It's Wendy's.
omfg this customer just kept talking about diarrhea wtf
yes!
His actions come from a long line of racist figurings of black boys as inherently violent  criminal.
Excellence uh yeah right ever tried supporting yourself it can be a bitch but it just something we have to do
you were AWESOME last night, thanks for the encouragement  words of wisdom on music placement in the wild world of trailers!!
Havin fun in Memphis with Got some BBQ and the blues baby!!
Playing chess with my little bro
NIALL HORAN I HAVE A QUESTION!
what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?
Full of emotions this week...cousin Joe Garcia, you will be missed by so many.
You are free!!!
if doctoraming is free why does it cost so much to reach
About to start another 7 day stretcher...ayayay
thanks Molly!
Looking forward to tweeting up a storm with you!
NY reporting: Gov.
Cuomo reforming schs by cutting budget, bashing teachers, histakes tests req.
for   A Dem!?
What do you want to learn?
Brushing up on some Java basics wouldn't hurt and you can do anything with that.

It's a great feeling to find ones u admire on Twitter.
Took some searching but I was so glad to find both of you:
Nothing like a horse that is named about doctornking to win the derby in front of so many Kentucky doctornks
The season of rain is coming, do u need a roof repair, or a new roof.
3052323344
praying for you today and that it doesn't rain.
Congrats!
I'm sitting here clueless.
chris you're welcome here if you have to evac
Everyday i wanna pick up the phone and tell you that your everything, i need and more.
You may also like Facts Machine.
oh hush quentin u can't tell me that it doesn't look good?
Lol
this is so good!!
cant wait to see what happens next!
On the coach bus!
Sitting next to fangirlinggg; six flags here we come
You gotta do more vids man!
Some of your info is old.
Whats YOUR favorite Sinatra lyric?
cant wait till saturday
Quote on my green tea teabag: If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it.
Margaret Fuller
Since I like both, I'll help with the watching.
:D
aww can you give me a ticket to LA??
; GermanMahomie ..i LOVE SaySomething so much..
Omg!!!!: i think im in love with oreo cookies!!!::lol
good luck!
We'll be at SXSW.
If you're there, let us know.
We're meeting with a lot of filmmakers to discuss Fanlaunch.
We're back from lunch at nfais, Bill Zobrist from Pearson is talking about etextbooks.
don't worry you still got it :
Ooh wee its pouring down out there
wow.
That pic brings back memories.
It may be hard to imagine, but what you've got there is magic.
Enjoy.
Without some goals and some efforts to reach it, no man can live
Endeavor to live so that when you die, even the undertaker will be sorry.
Checking out what the Loveless Cafe and the Music City has to offer.
sup check out my new group which came from zimbabwe africa and have got a chance to record a single in Los Angeles out in.jan
lol yea im good baby
Vygotskian principle of doublestimulation.
1.
Who names these things?
2.
Am I really expected not to snicker?
Imagine Austin: i'll call you tomorrow You: ok.
phone rings You: hello ?
Austin: hey, its tomorrow 
happy Wednesday to you too!
Taking the ACTs today.
It's too early.
:/
Ah, heck!
I gotta get my butt over there!
Prometheus trailer looks awesome
I think it's the extra interaction with Ygritte they've added.
There's a corresponding increase in his youknownothingness
Yeah, we are upset, cause a mother lost her fucking child and we're humans and actually care.
Unlike you, bitch.
I feel so fat I just ate a WHOLE jar of salsa............by myself
Not sure, best bet is probably to call
I overthink things.
Back in the classroom as an Ed Tech today...SMC game at 4...then I'd like to see everyone I know at 3 Dewey's.
Thank God for this life!
Idk lo l
Wave your hands in the air like you just don't care, it's FF!
Sipping on Kompot.
yea that's true after that pick he hasn't really been the same
RT : Find freedom in the dark.
There's freedom in the dark.
Do you think big?
Change the game in a market.
Create a whole new market.
Transform an industry.
Life's too short to solve small problems.
Fortune Cookies are so random.
duude!
Me too!
But I tried and you have to pay a service fee in order to get it!
Gheey!
I'm on a plane!
the racquetball guy you mentioned was privileged, racquetball was a big deal then and still is...:
Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow  Swedish Proverb
Play to Win Not to Participate, Positive Mindset is Not An Option but A MUST.
by Aisha Joakim on the way to meet in Spain
I am looking for a Soundtrack for the trailer of My Movie.
If you Know of a Songwriter or composer send an Email to Thx
ohh okay you go head and get some rest!!!
:
For those who have been reading my tweets, there was a mess up with the postings..just so you know, I do NOT have a daughter...
Undecided.
Didn't love it.
Didn't hate it.
But I'll give it 3 episodes.
Tortas Frontera, complete with Matilda  Latin music, is really elevating the whole ORD experience.
You know he did just that.
mister Lincoln appealed to the better angels of our nature in his fierce desire to avoid war.
oh!
Thank you so much!
:
NowFollowing cuz i like ya style
Go Preds!
Life or death game 4 tonight!
YES!!
Really!
: We got married at our church on March 31st!!
: thank you!
They just don't understand it was a reality show !
Not everyone is like that .
All that we are is a result of what we have thought  Buddha
lol srry if that was in ur mentions twice i noticed I had an error after the fact
Brewers try to infuse some offense by pinch hitting Robidoux for Sveum, but nothing doing.
No hits in the 7th, 21 A's.
what is it?
Turn it on.
How are you feeling?
Is that Zhane you're getting it to this morning?
: Classic material!
doood, can you pick up a box of poptarts for tomorrow?
Ill get a box, some soda, and candy.
you could've at least taken the bottle out of the brown paper bag
Do not concentrate on the finger or you will miss all that heavenly glory.
go with him!
Keep him in check
My Dad has a new episode this morning w/ in on NBC Sports!
KingSalmon fishing!
Plus
Who dat!
We are now doing advance screenings in New Orleans!
First Texas, now other states.
Next?
The world!
Happy hour poppin
that last RT is the worst thing i ever retweeted.
ever.
The Sig House would be glad to take a few off your hands!
iTs Rare To See A Fat Indian Person .
After lunch with yesterday, I must say it is disappointing that women at are crabs in a barrel.
Uplift each other.
lol be safe silly.
Later
lol Aw I'm good how u been?
Okay, when did parents stop walking with their kids to trickortreat on Halloween, only to take up doctorving behind them in cars?
Sorry, sorry, sorry  yes, my account was compromised.
I got it from .
Thanks for the follow
just realized that I saved 90 dollars and 29 cents at jcpenney yesterday
What do you do when a paper is just awful?
I mean really bad.
Slave through  provide detailed review comments or just say that  score low?
Chipotle and Wrath of the Titans bound, hope everyone had a great day!
Check out the links I posted, you'll be glad you did!
nevermind I lost anyway!
cool, FWIW my twitter client made me think you just sent that this morning.
:P Let us know if you have any suggestions!
:
Yes, I think it is sincere.
Her 15 minutes of fame is over, go away.
Can't believe they got us outside this long
what Scotch are you imbibing?
I'm having Oban as I tweet this burning question.
I need a suit.
Macys is having a sale.
But if I can avoid them I will.
Any advice on where/ what brands are good?
Identify/experience negative feelings/situations to let them pass through you as a vessel rather than avoiding/hanging on  being unhappy.
not that merchants didn't often ignore the rules, but still...
I'm still pumping out our top deals, blog posts, and contest info on.
Follow
Where's all the single ladies at
The last tweet promoting was HOURS before the game was played!
Brilliantly creepy.
Standing in the void, dwelling in the possibility and trusting the highest and greatest vision for my life.
faith nausea honesty :
How have you been,best friend?
You have no clue how much I miss you!
D,,:
I got the all clear from my doctor stdfreeFTW just in time for the launch this Saturday!
My wife is at railsconf and just informed me that Roku runs Strophe.js.
Sweet!
I swear I'm the biggest chicken ever.
: every school but north hills is invited to the RossMorganRager Your not invited to the
I'm having trouble dating.
Did you have any dating advice?
Sad...
we have to bet money to see if we will talk.
Grown men on Vespa type scooters.
Thanks for following.
Looking forward to your visit in the future : Enjoy the sun today.
ur amazing!!
can i get a Hi or a follow plz?
:
InMiddleSchool i hated washing the lunch table
Photo shoot was a huge success!
Witnessed today one of the most breathtaking views in San Diego:
My version of I Am Legend would be when I try to kill my computer mouse with dcon and it didnt work.
PLease follow and retweet!
Feels like a porkoriented novelty sandwich day.
Can anyone make a recommendation?
Brilliant.
RT : One of our favorite bartenders has created a new doctornk: adding whiskey to a mimosa.
Getting transferred to a store with a gym in the basement.
Workout central!
You've been mentioned!
I shared you as my favorite local pizza places for vegetarians and locals.
Thanks for the good eats!
I have a suspicion that they were once called burpups, after what you do once completing a few sets.
Could be wrong.
You'll be good enough.
Costner
RT : RT : 128,000 U.S.
libraries, 64 percent are the only source of free internet access in their communities...
it's been two days.
i'm pretty sure you guys don't 'love' each other.
why you so cute?
Sup miss Canada!?
TFTF, have a great weekend!!
Thank you!
Come over!
A reminder, this witness is testifying in support of ending funding for cancer screenings at PP, not about abortion services.
Its alot of bad bitches in here amen,came in the game ballin J.Lin
Fantastic question!
We need more groups like working to engage young people, and provide accurate information
Remember the LoveIs series from Charliebrown?
how would you reply?
Reply
this is for all my people back home.
showing support.
missing was cancelled, too?
Some of my fb friends are wack
Yes, that's the EVLbut I don't know Jason Leigh.
Should I?
: was the person who showed us around.
Cool space/tools!
It'd be safer, to hate her.
Than to love her, and lose her.
RT : All I can say is Go for it!!
thanks bud!
we have a COOL plan!
topsecret ;
Cuz youre a jerk for doing that to him
Will Shale gas carbon footprint influence Roadmap 2050?
I pretend to work as long as they pretend to pay me.
Fresh Vitamins at Westwood Village is now carrying kombucha w chia seeds  my new favorite doctornk!
Multitasking: Now that is cool!
RT : Hello from LAX taxi cab intdesignerchat going home dbc2012
Just show up on Mondays at Tacos  Taros.
What can we do to help w/ ur biz?
When waves at me
super hype i didnt get tha front seat n class tho
have a lot of might hahaha!
Awesome!
Hi Can you follow me back?
Guys that say Id hit that, never hit anything
hehehe.
i think i love all of them.
but bruce the most.
:D
Today's gone by fast
This my 2nd time watchin this steve wilko shit.....this hoe having sex with her biologic dad, and is totally cool with it 
WOW!!!
It was a great expo 2012..
The world needs to see you're a fucking joke.
Put your future in good hands  your own.....remember, nobody can do it as well as you can.......peace today and everyday :
that would be really cute!
How long have you guys been dating?
Soccer practice!:D
On the way to a bean bag toss tournament in Justin, TX.
I can almost hear the fiddle callin and beer can crushin.
is contemplating waiting on the line for tickets to Shakespeare in the Park  and by waiting she means over 12 hours.
;
You are just a ray of sunshine during this press conference....
you might have to pull your shorts out from behind.
need to get a TV in your bedoctorom
RT : In case you are keeping score at home: TV two, 2012 presidential race zero.
I love you so much baby..
Yu so beautiful
I cant believe that some men think it's okay to hit a women.
It's wrong.
Forgot to set the timer and sat down to look at the mss.
Now I'm starting the day with a cup of tea like the LaBrea Tar Pits.
FF to the awesome other members of exec team :
Dont just post status messages or ads..
Publish content that people can truly relate to because they are real people.
Thanks for that.
Google led me astray.
Figured would have an active account.
Now, I know where to follow :
Lol this is wild
ypu are welcome!
happy to help!
don't regret it though and it's def been an amazing week :
yes I know a good wisconsin girl :
I'm really disliking Facebook anymore ...
Boy, what would life be like for my phone without this otter box.
Dont Judge me .
when you know NOTHING about me .
I watched a documentary today called just kick it, its about the homeless person world cup 2006, heard of it?
Try to lick your elbow :o Lol
how yall aint put me on a skit or sumthing!!!!
Meek Mill tape is nice to me.
i already think he's brilliant and I haven't seen anything yet.
SUPER excited.
Has been fighting off a Migraine all day, and have ultimately lost.
Need to get home to a dark room.
A set of awesome 700 goes to...
!
Omg, was awesome last night!
Thanks to all people who came partying with us..
without u will not be the same 3
Is this going to be over soon so you guys can get back to Rip City?
Take care, polar bear!
...
yeah, give me a call.
I left my contact info on your site.
I just did : haha well I am back 2 this 1 well I have done it twice n 1 night wow :
Ready to watch the Rangers!
Yu 
Looking forward to Community tonight!
Loved in otherdesertcities Thanks for the headsup that she is now on twitter!!
well the step by step donut making video that used Garamond font was made by a cat who dies in a fire at the end
Thebulls just won!
now let's see what dabears are gonna do.
Question about how many defendants psu is paying to support.
Erickson says difficult to answer
You Must Not Want It If Your Sleep And You A Musician Grindin
School tomorrow :/
We're experiencing some technical difficulties.
We're working on it  promise to be back by 10 am, or free lollipops for every1
I know.
Just thought it was funny.
You were the first person I thought of when I got my invite.
enjoy your food :
Thanks !
I'll take a look.
And thanks for the connection!
AND!
A huge thanks to everyone loving messages.
It was good to hear from everone!
what if jayz and 50 cent started a record label that would be some powerful shit
Timed mile swim.
A little bit of lifting.
Great sunrise.
It's Friday!
Hope to see you soon back at Bud.
Great night.
You're so concerned w/people being intrusive.
Those Sbux folks steal identities you know ; And why are u eating fast food?
BTW, what was that you were fixing..
a light fixture?
Sake bombs are the devil
I need 4 tickets to the Packers vs Houston game on 10/14..
any help is appreciated : 
whos a fake?
Quick Rain Day Special: Wax Wednesday Kickin 10 off, come on in!
Nice!
Looking forward to your Belt Brasil journal.
I wish when I liked a guy, we could just cut the bullshit.
iam going to watch tv

it happened again.
Sally's beauty supply always supplying my every need!!
going to bed soon.
good night everyone!
Do or Die
Airborne was bought by DHL about 8 years ago showingyourage you might refer to it as
I got wat u need
Snow on the west side has caused Seattle Public Schools to trend of twitter.
They just can't handle the snow like Spokane can :
im gonna be so sad when the ep ends :'
I had these installed all over the US a few years ago just in case.
Glad you found it!
are we two big idiots...
or the only sane ones???
They Say You Make Your Own crime, But Life Is A Crime As we speak.
I Know The Best Of Both Worlds, But Will Shoot If You In The Way
I would not be able to function without coffee..
how about if I get one I will send a pic so you can virtually eat it!
:D
Yeah things that usually add to matches tend to do nothing when Jay Lethal's in the ring.
Schennnnnn!!
Congrats buddy
DemianBichir is incredible  A Better Life
Mitt Romney claimed he pays a 15 tax rate last night.
Most of us are paying twice that.
We're creating a new marketplace of services for selfpublishers.
Which name do you like better: Kooblish or Koobzilla?
my daughter's phone has gone missing and my nomophobia is about not being able to get in touch with her.
RT Even better!
Don't forget Mouth of the south Jimmy Hart
you can, but you're just a hypocrite, but if you can admit that and be okay with that,..
Why are you reading Twitter when you could be watching Avengers again?
DvL
After helping a singer prepare for an audition, I genuinely want to find out how it went.
Im sure other teachers  coaches agree.
Mitt completely leaves out Health Care when discussing his Massachusetts resume.
Wonder why?
rare collector's item, thanks for the support!
I have seen a lot of people's true colors lately ...hm
awesomeness of it :P
Derrick Thomas was way up there, and also sadly gone.
Thank you to the over 100 employers who attended our May 1st Private Sector Job Fair.
Its boring
What a great game!
Someone is missing to watch it with me though.
the old scene kids turned into either hipsters, goths, or they're still being scene in a whole other level.
Munstah Cheez would be my rap name!
The bad news: I can't see shit.
The good news: No retinopathy!
I want to get a bird and name it
At 1:14 p.m.
my delivery order was confirmed.
At 1:22 p.m.
a yummy sandwich was in my hand.
Thanks, !
haha waiting for your message my dude !
where you been at tho !!?!?
Seems like im the only one tweetin
15peopleilove She's so nice to talk to and a great friend!
also a great writer as well :
I'm still a celtics fan no matter what CelticsNationBitch 
I KNOW.
I JUST SAW THAT EVENT PAGE AND I YELPED IN EXCITEMENT.
Zumanity,The Sensual Side of Cirque du Soleil Get your prefered seats book at www.myvegaspeople.com
I haven't missed my husband's snoring  lol.
But normally I get tipped really nice if I take them as the LAST customer so I don't try to trip too hard.
More FlagsSeahawks game or the U.N.???
when you don't have 3 straight months off, then you can feel bad for yourself lol
nw Robin Hood: Men in Tights
I'm not watching the game but from reading my TL I think LA not doing so good
Combine the two accounts together, and I'm not too far off; Grats on 1k.
Followup to sabres / UNYTS tweet.
Fans should be able to donate online and still get hat.
.
.
.
Hi Billy, Bob James, from London England, met you early 90's noticed your name on ASCAP site, thought I'd say Hi, cheers mate
Leaving early tomorrow morning to California!
This time is different, I will be doing on track training for the first time this year!
:
no problem  shureee ;
Looked at the list, and I don't even listen to any of them let alone I don't even think I ever heard of them lol
I don't see the point of protecting tweets!
My week so far: SQUIRREL!
I'm bout to eat a bowl of cereal
doctornk people acting a fool 
Agreed.
But if there is one standard and its successfully met, then idc what gender they are.
Just my opinion.
Had a fun day with my mama but she's expensive lol
Every service I walk into, my expectation for God to move is always high.
Chains broken, lives healed, eyes opened, Jesus revealed!
Trying to catch up and move ahead at the same time.
Not succeeding at either.
Trip to Oneida in Green Bay  Monday, June 21  8 a.m.
Departure from The Village at Manor Park  52 per person  Call 6074186
Then you're halfway there!
omgosh yes!
Way weird.
But kinda cool too.
And i have another horrifying id picture.
Score
Nice start!
jist saying i need a ride.
Great season Coach, big things ahead for Lions with you calling shots.
now how bout a gme7?
Happy Fourth of July!
What are you doing to celebrate?
IF ANYONE ASKS ME IF I HAVE A HICKIE TOMORROW.
I WILL INDEED FLIP COMPLETE SHIT.
Keri hilson can we get some more music plz....not a fan of u but love ya music
Shoulda been 25 gms min, 5 does nothing 2 prevent it from happening again  shows no 1 can be above the rules
My basically family is coming over later today :D yay I miss them
taking dinner break after fun day of damage reports for moving co.
and unpacking all the boxes I packed the last few weeks.
Tell her we love her 3
Rejoins la TeamJsit :p
But that way serious researchers won't have to deal with all those plebes taking up space to check their Facebooks.
Dude, that almost looks like a prison photo.
Very happy lookin' couple I might add.
Not as sorry as RT : I feel sorry 4 Chattanooga as this is not the time to visit Rupp  face an angry CATS TEAM..
There was a time when that was the reason I liked console gaming: no updates.
Wanting more....
Ill leave it all behind to go get it....
maybe you won panties?
Fair enough.
It's hart to hate on a Marshwiggle
Thanks for the follow, Kellen.
We love your Twitter handle BTW!
Team coverage of Presidential visit only ROC starting at Noon and updates on Twitter
Research and Markets: Adoption amp; Child Welfare Services in the US  2012  Welfare on the Mend: Private Donations and ...
RICK DIED!
and Elena, but that Doctor lady gave her Vampire blood, so Elena's a vampire now!
Mat may be
it snowing
diagram for modeling a document: concentric circles of document itselfassociated informationgenresocial ecology

scary for you  beautiful for us!
You look awesome w/that background!
hahahaha I lol'd so hard at this
Third period under way at MSG.
It's a 11 game.
So true!
I've only been food successful at opening reception and yesterday's networking lunch
: doctorver did a horrible job in qualifying car has been pretty good all day.
where is this at??
Funnily I yell at my iPhone all the time.
I just because I have higher expectations for it.
When my Berry acts up, I just shrug.
happy birthday :
As far back as I can remember I've always wanted to be a gangster...
no it's made of like red pipes
Too much crazy for one brain!
Self diagnosed maniac xD
life is good.
: Wow.
RT : Biggest jump of world CO2 emissions ever Y aren't massive volcano  wild fires included?!!!!
Heck yes!
Play is under review after that ball hit the right field wall.
Thanks for readnig!
Super Mystery Jackpot Song Clue: It's a country song.
The pot is up to 105.
Next show you can win is Tue at Vintage 10pm
I am looking for someone affordable who makes specialty cookies.
Ideas?
Half sleeve it is.
The economic and political functions of reliefgiving have not been clearly seen.
Piven and Cloward, 1971
I am now in possession of the One Ring...
When Thomas Aquinas lived in Christendom and in Islam there was enthusiasm for science, wideeyed.
Today we have difficulties.
what's wrong wit that
Has anyone found a good way to download the cables or access wikileaks?
depends on how well we know each other.
would be harder/more awkward to go separate ways if it wasnt going well.
Philly  Vick  much worse!
We just got a sneak peak and it's fab!
RT finishing up a hand painted card design for a book project
Presenting this am at Int'l EI conference in San Antonio Texas.
Building an Emotionally Intelligent Culture
Ok word
please don't.
I don't wanna see anyone hurting themselves.
Its not worth it.
does that almanac have the list of schools they are at?
My tv has been on mute for hours now.
I like making up my own words.
It's much more interesting
Wished I Would Have Stayed To Hear Preach Today,, Sorry :
Change is not only likely, it's inevitable.
Barbara Sher
I never
Karen What are you referring to when you mention Twitter PD?
When your friend asks your best guy friend why he hasn't asked you out yet....and you find out from him awkward!
extremelyawkward!
Massage time 8
: Today really should be Friday.
I completely agree!!
so windy out!
lol same here
The night has been revived..or the morning rather:
In your opinion, does Seattle have a good chance at getting him??
Thanks for the RTs!
I'll hit u: lemme know when u want to make that happen
not nearly.
But it's day 2
Nuthin hurtz like the lie u didn't have to tell...FUCKER!!!!
It's Doris Day month on Which actresses today can fill a whole month with great movies?
Happy Birthday to one of ours:
lol what's good
Sesame Donuts have the best donuts and staff in the Portland area.
Is really hot , good day to hit the beach!
I think I speak for all the tdf freaks when i say: I hope you feel better soon!
Proud Directioner helping the boys get
I'm confused about if you are lying
What kind of dog poops in a moving car?
My dog...
omg i hate o06 and park...
this show is extra lame..
if i wanted 2 watch videos i jus go on youtube..
Something I never wanted to do: Parallel park a minivan.
Yet, today, I did it three times.
Superb maneuverability skills.
Home from my road trip have come to conclusion that US is actually a big empty.
Yea I said it EMPTY.
There is no reason for houselessness.
did it come w/ chains, handcuffs and elaborate and horrifying escape options?
Follow me!Monter!
Now we're really finding out who the real football fans are.
With the umpteenth pick in the nfldoctorft, the....
Talking is good.
Thanks Brodie Erin and Mom for helping me with the problems I have encoutered this semester in school.
Merry Christmas from our family to yours!!
Then email Your GIF/JPG Banner Or Text Link to be added to our site to
LIVE!
10HoursWithMikeMurdock SINGLES...Schedule Conversation With Others.
mister.
Rothschild class 
I don't ask for much..just cook me food!!:
Homeless: Morrison Bridge doctorveby was hate crime targeted.
What do police say?
I'll have that on
Why don't you all fade away?
Wow, bummer!
RT : DO NOT go 64 west thru town..jacked up from king on..garbage truck  power pole do not mix
next weekend after the kru pool party thingy
Scary, but important for a successful biz owner Aim BIG!
Feedback getting ridiculous I think we got something!!!
More to come We just getting started!!!
I miss when the Zaarly designers were Squaredeye...
you and me both Casper
RT : House GOP proposes cutting 75 billion from programs directly benefiting the poor to avoid military budget cuts...
wat is the code for?
woah crazy!
: are they still awesome?
Lessons from vatorsplash  talk really fast, make uncool  cool, follow your customers, keep the core prod small, don't compete; innovate!
There aint no muh fuckin mayb, mikeys flows is hazardous to men women n babies
trying to dance to robyn with before i die.
Jus used mi bakpak as an ashtray.......
Mi bad
Sometimes, you just gotta watch Yo Gabba Gabba so you can realize there's someone more weird than you.
Life runs a mile a minute.
Learn to slow it down
Fun 4th website updating; vendor, runner apps will be available 2/1.
Just checking out www.funfourthfestival.org will make you feel warmer!
what sins?
i'm a beautiful black christian woman.
I like to at least jot on the back of someone's business card what we talked about or put a star for really good presentations
hey Nat !
Why doesn't Gismo have his twitter page anymore ?
Wore my black n silver chettah print jeans yesterday had ppl liken em a lot ;
Just got to baptize two people.
So stoked to be a part of the Kingdom of God
How many stitches is that?
LA are y'all ready for this pool party season ?
Season 4 EXCLUSIVE  Private Location  Invite Only  Memorial Day 5/28
Creating session proposal on reading room access  security this month for SAA12 if any folks are interested  dm me
I never stress
Listening to raw tracks from Brass Band's recording session.
and both sound great.
thanks, I guess.
Mad i left my phone at home
no.
i live in chicago.
.
i havent seen u yet.
we miss u.
Good morning, and Happy Easter 3
If you believe im pretty sure you can acheive it .
I'm basically the best, is what you're saying.
Doctor time !
freaking out
i stay up late every night, regret it every morning, then do it all over again smh.
Just for her...
;
the fat green fox hopped past the tired dog.
The word swag is overly used on all the wrong people and context smh .
ROOMS AVAILABLE TONIGHT!
Come for Monday Madness.
I want to be older when I grow up.
Glee is so weird tonight
oh you a bad bad girl
If you were looking for a Greinke bunt there well yeah, NOPE.
Congrats to Jim Gibson and Ken Hedoctorck who cobrokered a 4.1M Social Security building in Indianapolis, IN!
GayIsOk let people be.
You can't help who you love.
Don't put people on a lower standard based upon something they feel with their heart.
Hire outsourcers from the Philippines so you can work less  earn more with leverage.
will you be in Indianapolis anytime soon?
This weather is awesome!
RT if you agree!!
OK, i'm a believer in climate change.
72 degrees in Louisville today.
43 degrees 2morrow.
snow on Wed.
You are too kind.
I will say that every column is an adventure.
Honestly nothing can make me laugh more than That 70's Show, Family Guy, and
Mikey's future wifey 
we emailed you guys!
I was about to say...
Construction.
Sounds hot!
How'd it go?
Low voter turnout expected by on Tuesday.
Let's change that.
Hey you seem crazy fun.
Would love to talk to you on twitter!
NO!
Titans get Wright.
Bleh.
Almost got hit by cars...Oh well.
Glad to hear it!
Congrats to and for having the two best SXSW trade show booths.
Funny that they are both mobile case makers.
you're welcome.
Always fun!
Just got tickets to my first ever EPL game vs Man City December 12th.
Psyched.
good day spending time with the wife
An amazing job on the national anthem
Thanks to all Bricktown Shuttle riders for letting OKC Party Bus be your designated doctorver.
Reserve your seat for next week at 4054472446
totally you too!
Chat soon.
Movie Trailer for Life At The Resort coming soon!
Who doesn't love waking up at 445 am to catch a plane?
From Charlotte, North Carolina USA, but making my first trip to Deutschland this weekend for German Aerospace Day.
you mean Babes at Sea, right?
Double dose of boot camp gym this a.m.
Gr8 start to the day.
Now for work and Madeleine Albright tonight.
It's going to be an awesome day.
it was great meeting you.
Thanks for the lovely conversation!
Life keeps asking so many questions Why..
so many questions
Don't be ashamed of who you are.
Inside of you is a great gift.
You just have to unwrap it.
Antibiotics, vicodine and lights out
All I wanna fucking do is hold you.
Looking for something to bake for a friend's birthday this weekend, so obviously I go over to 's Boozy Cupcakes pinterest board.
Oh!
And mine!
We rock.
Which ladies are voting for shaq or chuck lol
Thanks for following us :
keep dunking kid, have no fear of going in!!!!
you will be a great NBA player in the future!!!
I wanted so badly for John Carter to be good, but it was not.
Tell me I'm wrong, .
Looks good on a resume.
MT : Considered becoming a board member for ?
Email for more info.
We love you guys!
Got to meet ya all in Oakland!
You guys tore it up that night!
If you have a chance check us out!
Cheers!
Thanks for all of the kind App Store reviews everyone!
It is one of the few addictive apps that's actually productive too.
AaronSmith
welcometochicago the coupon capital of the world
That would be awesome :
Live for love.
Without love, you don't live.
It should make you feel super special.
Like a BBC book.
TheWire makes everything better.
I want to see the world through Omar's eyes.
Day from hell finally over!
can you help me park my car?
scrub haha
I like that doctorssy is a subcategory of doctorsses I just saw on a Web site.
doctorssy doctorsses.
I feel like TheVoice has been on for four hours
hii kelly look made a twitter !
She act too and she also sings !
Go and follow her !
She will follow you back
I'm good.
Thanks tho
thanks for the shout out on our labels  proud of ability to educate.
passing on the props to John Gauntner
Come visit Kraft Tool show in Booth
Going to start posting some of my larger market sports plays.
We'll see how it goes.
Arizona State 14 100 1 unit
omg hahahahaha.
Im going to la in sep and oct to record doctorve to me.
Ok, I wont do nothing else...
Smh
computer repair team : heading out to mira mesa to take care of a pending service request.
laptop service.
NARP!
But you know, it's your journey.
How was rootscamp?
Did you feel other progressives understand education issues?
RT  I have never seen get as hype as he did at the fashion show.
It was hella funny lol I was on
just got even sexier.
CarlThomas is coming to chill for MartiniTuesdays w/
Facebook gives me alot of problems that I don't need
hes from pick central receiver 2nd best on the team but runs a 4.4 40 so he commits to osu but has yet to pass 2 if the ogt parts
Grandchild9, a boy, born on the 4th of July.
I kind of knew knar was going to a school in Iowa last year!
Gosh, farmers all abustle, Lots of greens!!
www.tinygreens.org and more!!
We need your help gettin Faison on board  recruiting a Trip out of Auburn to go to Africa next year
Out dancing tonight!!
Good times!!
Feet don't fail me now!
Oh no!
I just noticed that my keyboard tray sounds like a goose honk when I lift my right hand.
I wonder how long its done this.
Don't promise delivery date/time window and then overbook your route
Oh May...put your arms around me.
What you feel is what you are...
Are you following ?
You should!
Tell your Twitter friends!
How many new followers can we get by the end of the week?
Homework exist because apparently 7 hours of school isn't enough.
If symptoms of chlamydia do occur, they usually appear within 13 weeks after exposure.
Stop trying to impress people by being someone you're not because in the end, you'll lose yourself!!!
I love your service but it took me 10 mins to figure out how to download it on my 2nd computer, and I still can't figure out..
To find your passion you must speak your truths and ready yourself to new adventures.
The Houston Cloneumni Association salutes you.
Happy New Year!
Word...
That's strange!!
I will have to check it out : it's a TV show on TLC
Total boredom..who plays League of Legends?
Nice article, but how exactly is Houston a smaller locale.
It's a top ten sized market!
12 play by R Kelly!!!
Matt Damon is balled and looks like an alien ...:p
Looking forward to seeing Contagion tonight : in theaters September 9th.
My expectations are set pretty high on this one.
That's my hoe too!
Haha!
RT The manager of Doc Cheys saw how neatly I got my food into the carry out box and said, You're hired...
Retail therapy?
Yes, I think TJ Maxx will do just the trick...
71 of Americas poor will be racial minorities by 2050
Oh, yeah.
Don't know how I could have missed that one.
Some days the severity of my ADD just overwhelms me, especially when I have a paper to do.
After four years of planning and working on SB46, indy has the last puzzle piece!
Game On!
it's not online anywhere, it's a pretty basic aesthetic tweak, it otherwise worked out of the box 
I love you forever Mother Monster!
I want tattoo number 3.
You heard it here folks.
Sled urself straight to certain death!
RT : Suicide Hill in Mitchell Park ;
When something important is going on, silence is a lie.
A.M.
Rosenthal
Thank u for duck diving to avoid killing flock of seagulls that flew in front of our plane departing San Diego.
Hey guys!
Follow our vocalist Matt!
I'm glad I did it, partly because it was worth it, but mostly because I shall never have to do it again.
Mark Twain
The characters on WalkingDead are great at aim and bad at everything else.
sigh yeah no wonderful peeps like u though in most slacs
CODY PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO MEE !!!!!!!!
Wow, we made a top 6 list??
Thank you, we are very proud.
If you want me to write your screenplay, try to get me excited about your concept.
Cancer sucks!
RIP Raffe.
I'm guessing the chances of all 5000 of us fitting into one bar are pretty slim?
In and Out Burger, and 3rd street promenade
Thanks for the follow
Awake this early, on my day off..but of course.
Guess I will be sitting inside all day
It's really hard to eat a bowl of oatmeal in the morning when I'm not hungry whatsoever.
So awesome to be a part of !!!!
Met so many wonderful people and had so much fun dancing!!
:D
Live meeting new creatives!
2 of the last 3 no hitters have been thrown by
Broncos long snapper Lonnie Paxton coming up!
Mile High Sports, AM 1510
Not sure...I struggle with going out to go out.
I go out mostly for meetings, lol.
Or music!
Or a good play...
Nuff respect Thomas!
Why do companies offer you free gifts?
Since when has a gift NOT been free?
im so stupid ;
Imagine You:Liam, your heart is so big!
Liam:Because it's filled with my love for you babe.
Congress says 45 states  DC have adopted the Common Core Standards.
We're on our way 2 closing gaps
saw an ad for Cymbalta on TV and went that looks like me and Coley!
what have we come to?!
I heard if enough people watch Community tonight, gets to direct Avengers 2.
Slight typo while typing Poli Sci essay changed recent cases of the war on terror 2 recent cases of the war OF terror...
Or perhaps
He prejudged Ryan Braun, too?
RT Totally agree with what Tom Brokaw says here.
I want henna
I'm glad you came.
And the other part?
Buenos días a todos, good morning ppl
Clive James Television is simultaneously blamed often by the same people for worsening the world and for being powerless to change it.
looking through on some home furnishing catalog.
I.AM.SO.EXCITED!
Today will be d day, we sign on e paper which will cost us !!!
I'll ask around.
RT WHO HAS HEARD THAT WORD??
Thunderstorms AGAIN.
Landon pulls his own weight he taught himself that!
haha, yeah totally the best!
:D
LAST CHANCE to get on our guestlist to see The Hunger Games tonight at Baxter 8 Theater is coming with the Interactive 8 at 8!!!!!!!!!!!!
You have to believe in yourself when no one else does.
That makes you a winner right there.
Venus Williams 
Such a good day :3
No?
K y'all asked for it.
We will now call you Whiteland...

imho, the pursuit of social justice inevitably leads to tyranny
My sisters coworkers house caught on fire,so her and her fiance bought her new house appliances and furniture..
haha cool thanks
Should of known better, you ain't going to tie me down
I can't wait to see them!
Do you love them??
actually African Americans are the frequent flyers of smart phones according to statisticsgreat platform for a voice
what would you say Thurnan?
Good things come to those who wait .
Better come to those who dont 3
This guy is walking in the middle of the street with his middle fingers up lmao
gross.
I didn't have my glasses on but I could make out shades, which means lots and lots of back hair.
always look forward to your blogs
So pretty sure me and my girls are going to see a braves game soon!:
Don't waste you time on me.
You're already the voice inside my head.
Sure you have!
He is his own advertising campaign!
x
dude where are you?
RT : my mentions are dead!
done with, I'm not so sure about.
He lives in eternal infamy with Unpopular Opinion Perry meme.
Which I LOVE.
lol true they getting they ass bust
whoa!!!!
he is lol
GoodNight Hope U Feel Better
Everyone has a unique purpose; do you think you are here by mistake?
Eli Singer
RT : Sports TV broadcasts need to start conducting these sponsored polls via Twitter instead of texting.
Thanks, that's lovely to hear.
: And you're welcome for the FF.
:
Awesome catch badgers!!!
This party is awesome but can't wait for ....
:/ Omfg.
Someone in school got me sick...ohno...im coughing so badly..
but i'm pissed that i'm on my period :
hi jasper
Good win for my Spurs against the Lakers!!
GO SPURS GO!!
BROS!
ORDER ME A GRILLED CHEESE  COTTAGE CHEESE TONIGHT!
My only argument with this list is NOW I HAVE MORE BOOKS TO READ.
There's no end to the books is there?
/calls library
A bit of a doctorary day in Santa Monica, but that makes me not feel so bad about having to sit at a desk all day.
O...
whatcha gonna do with 81 hrs of leave??
And can I be involved somehow?
Oops.
I got no use/lose time.
Never mind.
omg i know!
I cried during the doctorwning part tho :
Good Morning my fellow Red Abbey Addicts!
I want someone else to blame, besides me.
can I get a follow back, this Burque representative, Phil The Agonys homie Michael JustinaosRIP cousin
Experience enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again.
Franklin P.
Jones
Oh, nice!
RT : I predict a lot of Flat Stopped UK tshirts next year.
If you use it, pay me.
play me on doctorwsomething!
im freaking crying right now
LOLOL i just noticed that i forgot the  on your last mention!
or imma seeing things ?
lolol
BieberFact Justins dad plays guitar, and his mom sings.
RT if you want to hear them all together.
My parents  teachers/coaches tell me i seriously smile to much!
Haha:
Oh, Hi Elijah Wood.
Wait, what?
Your the DJ for the party I'm working?
Cool
hug May you have an excellent turkey.
Side question: what software did Chad use to generate the timeline?
New twitpic :
I was just told that I look like Dana Eveland.
So there's that.
Looking for craftbeer in Asheville.
Any suggestions?
Attempting the cinnamon challenge...
Real big problem when you have to evacuate your apt after midnight cause the smell of whatever your roommate cooked is making you ill.
hey, fucj you.
CC Better keep your 18m old out of Juvi.
Id be scared of him.
But i think hes a gentle giant
you're being kinda obsessed with our relationship....
Ali Baba on Whittier st.
That was the spot !
Funniest arcade and my mom worked their, hooked me up with tickets and tokens!
damn my remote dont work anymore lol
You too!
RT : illini Mercilus sitting there for the Bears.
Should they take him?
Yes!
One more day until...?!?!
You are the treasure I could not afford.
Tell him that I'm having a BAD, LONELY DAY and he could make me smile if he'd accept.
HE PROMISED!
Napoleon Dynamite says you're a hater.
If Passion is the rain..be the Storm!
That is funny, my math is terrible though.
:D
thanks I heard of google  but did not know you had to get an invite, is that for the test run?
I could really care less at this point..
Princess Diaries 1 and 2 and cuddles.
:
UGH!!!
How is it that the are coming to St.
Louis the weekend I'm out of town???
No...
What class?
White Fence just kicked some serious ass at !
Ready for some Ty Segall?
hahaha I never noticed you were a Gemini too!
First day !

This girl supports real music; this girl supports !!!
Awh thanks dear.
I love you:
Of all the powersgadgets your characters have had over the years, is there 1 you thought would be real by now?
YES!x CHECK OUT MY PICS!x THERE U WILL HAV THE TRUTH!x
ideas2action ...or even just trucks?
Trucks would do!
i think it is difficult for most people to work in open spaces if you are doing intense focused work  peripheral vision :
hey I meant to ask you, what Unfollow tracker do you use?!
sorry ladies..
the lead singer is engaged.
NEV'MO!
NEV'MO!
u kno.
same spot, u got my nmbr too
lol its a song anyways
THANK YOU for taking doctorving!
Dev is fixing that.
Leap year 2016 will now be perfect.
Thanks for the heads up!
At Milwaukee Ave Arts Fest, Cole's stage, seeing Hex's band Matadora!
Facebook is like my fridge...
I know there is nothing there but I check it every 10 minutes anyways.
is loving the new Hells Kitchen :
Chilling with my friend alyssa, got tan at the pool, creepy kids hit on us there...
Awk:
Funny how some things are basically the same in any language.
:
I know!!!
Hahaha I was so confused on what was going on!
I remember when washing your mouth out with soap was punishment RT : Wow kids are now doctornking hand sanitizer to get doctornk.
Dear Pandora, it would be wonderful if you'll stop attaching me with all your stupid commercials, Thank you
poor guy
it was campus wide!!
American Idol.
:D
Oh and the weather is beautiful!
Puts me in a great mood!
:
I wish you could buy time instead of having it just slip away......
Ready to tune in tonight buddy.
Indie ArtHouse opening soon!
Grand Ave and Roosevelt
Whoa!!!
You should have sold tickets to that dinner for charity or something.
Bet you got a lot of looks at the place.
recommends reading 'The Myths of Innovation' by Scott Berkun for stories about organizations facing change
ha it's aight.
No biggie.
Your cute :
If you have had problems with Permanent Makeup application.
You have not been to someone Board Certified by Medical professor Do research
I miss my Wham!
And Chaka Khan tapes....
that condescending wonka shit is stupid.
stop retweeing it.
A lot of pissed off people on twitter today.
Lake walk at coyote hour.
Follow Rebecca Metz, she has great ideas to improve your business strategies
bag o' dicks?
What dance did you see/do this weekend?
You're sorry?
throws a punch striking at his chin Oh, I'm sorry!
is getting ready for breakfast on the last day of
Thanks for the advice, gonna do some research, get some nice flowers to plant this spring.
Early Start all will be cool teamfollowback :
That's how we feel about our cars!
RT : The mystery was gone but the amazement was just starting.
Andy Warhol
It's not horrible but it's a fairly bland teen pop song.
She'll get some sales based on her past popularity but no lasting fame.
The chasm isn't about selfindulgence MT This week's KAL's cartoon
when life knocks you on your knees, just remember you are in the perfect position to pray
bc you look 40.
Further signs that Burger King is in desperate: they have latenight creep Jay Leno shilling for them.
we gonna get you in 929 soon my dude!
really love your quotes!
Watching Tim Tebow is like crack...with all the highs and lows.
I see , bring me food !
i hate oprah
Headed to 626NightMarket.
Sounds like it's already a madhouse.
Friday can't come soon enough, moving to Charlotte...
RT : I love putting great people with great people...damn that just fires me up....
This is sweet!
Thanks for sharing!!
I love you ALL!
I Cried When you guys made it!
Follow back ?
love LOVE you!!
Had my windows open, then my neighbor decided to cut his grass.
In other words, my room smells AMAZING!!
i said the exact same thing to the haterz about the superbowll show.
;P
BLiNQ's LiFT report ranks , and as some of the top Fashion interests for
Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple.
Hey Lara!
hope all is good with you!
the element...
Is this actually a thing that exists?
B/c it's going to make my head hurt figuring out how it works.
I was just going to mention SERAPHINA, loved it.
i hope jenelle gets her ass beat!
Guaranteed laugh: Threaten to beat someone with his or her own shoe.
Creativity has got to start with humanity and when you're a human being, you feel, you suffer.
Marilyn Monroe
haha aw well thank you : so are you!
3
...checked out the ALA Midwinter Tech WrapUp online.
Fab.
MLB sent me an email to vote for for All Stars already.
Really?
The opening day starters have like three starts under their belt.
We had a fabulous Christmas party on Friday wine tasting in Napa.
Maybe we should do that every Friday.
.
.
.
Giving up on everybdy...I'm srry but I can't nomore...
Thanks lady!
I've heard great things about !
Have a great day!
Thanks for the follow 
I listen to Alex on C2C read his news believe in him.
My son's a marine recruiter They do that all the time.
Sometimes it isn't conspiracy
ready to get off so I can take a long hot, shower..
3 more hours though 
JazzandJokes TONIGHT!
Open Mic, come do your thing!
Poets,MC's,Singers,etc.
I'm hosting as always, coe thru 9pm.
What genre do you have in mind?
I'll be out to Sin City in a few days.
Don't use up all their alcohol and good weather.
IF you get a first step, GIANT Step in the right direction!
Last step usually sees cash or piece of mind, next step means options!
All Beliebers if u love justin as Much as i do then Please follow Me I love justin so please follow me thanks!!!
can't send message without a follow.
The mini heartattack you have when your foot misses one stair.
Inaugural Wine and Swine podcast coming up, right?
I hate when I'm excluded from joining something new.
Really cool story tonight!!!
I didn't even know you were working on that!
Really well done.
Ask the backchannel : best station to watch tv coverage?
OVERTIME IS KICKING IN:
A Marketing analysis dives into the needs and wants of potential customers, as well as your competition and the percentage of the market...
Haha yeah...
Sorry im telling you all this
Just 4 more to 750 and a new album for you!!
; xoxoxo
Uh, do you think my printer ate my article will work as a reason to get an extension?
You are too cute!
So happy for you and SG.
Good luck tonight!
I know the Ernie fans got your back.
Just in time for St.
Patrick's Day, Ireland's Butler's Chocolates R now available  The Chocolate Library in 9 varieties!
111 St Marks.
Thanks for the RT love!
just on Ustream
good night  sweet doctorams cutie :
Leaving Denver after appearing at NDK Anime Convention.
as a guest voice actor.
Tons of fun!
I'm an asshat!
You're really posting statuses every thirty seconds about how you wan fuck sum1?
A you might be a slut and B your grammar is horrendous.
Do not submit any photographs or other materials which do not belong to you
Goal number 40 for Leo.
But just how good is Mascherano.
Absolutely brilliant!
maybe it will grow more fun
For French today I had to write an essay about my summer plans...not much to say...
Whatever works!
RT : I've always thought of myself as more of a doctor Strangelove
no friday classes?
thanks for the recent mention!
enjoy your day!
you're funny.
That's not true.
I have no dick riders
Verona's Tyler Reinecke wins onehole playoff vs Waunakee's Zach Gaugert  Memorial's Brad O'Loughlin  Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Shootout
I'm listening to Antony and I don't get it.
Also I went shopping instead of to the museum.
Whoops.
oomf A Liar !
I cant win
Just saw the word begins at Radar LA.
Amazing important show.
I stood up before the curtain call lights came on.
I think the end is nigh for LaPorta.
d Go man Go, Have a deadline tonight...
not going to make the flash group tonight.
was looking forward to that.
Hope everyone had a great weekend.
I worked a bunch ...
got a cool site getting ready to go live.
Is theatre an art or a craft?
I deeply trust and believe that the Universe adores me and is constantly orchestrating on my behalf.Lisa McCourt
MoviesWereBestWhen you didn't have to watch 5 minutes of commercials before seeing the coming attractions.
on page four took the necessary baking break.
only a little bit more, I hope it gave me the energy to get it wrapped up!
Silence speaks volumes.

We told you to stop calling this Dead Week.
We can't understand why Week Preceding Final Exams hasn't caught on!
Doing a zumba workout at midnight is normal right?
Haha!!.
I'd actually love to try a project with a complicated circuit, I'm fascinated by that stuff
Stop bringing up the past....
what about Elias looks like Elias?
: The moment I saw you, I knew I was gonna hate you.
from last night's AmericasGotTalent Might watch this.
no problem!
How are you feeling?
RT : REVEALED: ' new album art and release date!
Get it NOW!!!
Robot Army....
GO!
at.mtv.com/4eA
I get them the day after.
Lol
yes ma'am  I am a proud owner of a 2011 kia forte
we found love in a hopeless place!
We've been having logistics problems with your stores...
is there a person I can talk to?
Been getting frustrated customers
Clippers list G Chris Paul and F Blake Griffin as gametime decisions Friday
Pliny the elder and poker.....just amazing.
no but like i am fucking PISSED OFF that Bioshock Infinite was postponed to 2013
Happy Monday everyone, make it a wonderful week!!
Hi, I'm a bed  I'm pretty rockin'.
X!
I'm back!: I'm officially missing yoooouuu Tamia voice
I can't make u like me...n if I hav 2...Do I really want u 2?
I've moved into policylots of time to practice science communication, but little to research it!
i'm so irritated!
Other than the spelling, I'm not really sure what the difference between the two would be,
If I haven't told you already YOUR AFRICKINMAZING!!!!
I'll be voting as always!
RT LADY ILY!
The last 8 months with have been great.
Looking forward to the rest of my life with you babe3
The mysterious 10th FL
just fyi, got a DM from you this morning, so there may still be problems w/ your account.
Happy last day of classes!
Special congrats to our seniors who have their last class ever!
25 off all of our shirts at www.allWIdoiswin.com for 24 hours only, starts NOW.
Buyers will get cash back with shirt
Thank you Columbus and loex2012 organizers for being great hosts and putting together an invigorating conference!
Exhausted...
just leaving the hospital...
No gym...
COMLEX on Friday and all I want to do is sleep.
Now, I'm gonna have to bang that ish.
LOUD.
: Tim Tebow is a Jet.
He quoted some Bible verse about washing people's feet and I knew he was my guy.
is my husband.
even though he's a lot older than me!
idontcare!
I love you 3
I haven't said that in a really long time .
I call it chacne
Enough with the spam DM's, guys.
is it time for Davy?
Laughters the key to happiness!
If you can manage to laugh at times of sorrow, tears, pain  anguish youll live a longer life Stress kills!!
Sounds pretty probusiness to me.
Why GOP not clapping?
Yeah.
It's time for some water.
I can't believe the last competition is this weekend, this year flew by
I've developed a new philosophy...
I only doctorad one day at a time.
No!
do not lower your standards : No idea what this is in relation to but never lower the standards unless they are unrealistic
Do you still give Phil Ivey the respect he once had at the tables after being away for so long?
And with his FTP ties?
Yep.
Just one of those lonely days.
WOOHOO 90 LIKES LET'S SEE IF WE CAN GET TO 100!
COOL DOWN with an ice cold beer!
Grab a Closing Time hangover supplement from Spartan Spirits, Campus Corner, Sgt Peppers, or Stricklands!
have you heard?
is reporting is at ballbark watching his new team.
Says McCourt and Moores there too.
Brook Fraser Something in the water
Not that anyone was asking, but our favorite student of Hogwarts?
Harry Pizza.
Brass Monkey  junkie, that funky monkey In addition to being an awesome song, brass monkey is apparently also a bar in West Allis
you're not 21!
Go !
Hoping for a 20 win here.
Finished with my morning workouts now going to class than eat!
And than more training and gym sessions
i just had to ask mark if you were messing with me, or if u really were a huge aishwarya rai fan..which would be awesome!
Just use my guestlist tonight tell them Travis Sosa!!
nightclub for free admission!
Only
hahaha nothing good can come from this combo of you two  rum runners
Perfectly legal in Maryland and contrary to popular belief, illegal in West Virginia  Tennessee.
you know that's his way of saying he loves you,  I heard she did lol
my friends think me n u look alike haha i think its kinda funny tho coz they only sayin that coz im from africa..nd ima big fan of u
This Fri, all you gorgeous ladies hit up for info about their casting call.
Grandma's near the end...
This is the part I hate.
Waiting while they appear to get worse.
She's 90 so she's lived a long life.
shootout to
thanks for the FF love.
You both had some killer lists.
Clarke's Three Laws: 2 The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible.
loved it.
Food was out of this world.
A great CraftBeer event keep em coming
Reposting a lot of Stevie Wonder mixes tomorrow.
I may throw in some personal ish I've included in a few jazz mixes too.
Yep, tons of work!
you are right.
People who think this is easy just don't any better, do they LOL
TRYNA.
MAKE A MILLION OFF MY MUSIC ...MozZy Boii
so great to finally meet you in person last night!
Just remember
Afternoon ppl!!!
Does he make the Curly whoop whoop whoop sound when it comes his way?
RT : Brennan Boesch
The more you prepare, the luckier you appear
UK coach John Calipari on rumors he's going to the Knicks: KY is the best job in basketball.
No one's stealing our joy.
I'm not leaving.
she is totally a people chicken.
learning how to be gay!!!???
Independent artists have a doctoram and a perspective to share with you.
Listen!
'Denver Union Station: Portal To Progress'  'Virtual JFK ' start at Noon at OldeTownStadium!
Get there soon!
NACUA CEO: : So happy to have many guests with us at the CLE workshop who are not NACUA members.
Welcome!
you both look so pretty!
:
lol the world is going to end and your just glad your going to be 21!
ACCIDENT: Rt.
29 SB approaching the bypass  two vehicles involved expect delays.
Are you regularly including raw organic foods in your diet?
Creates more vibrant health  is thinning!
Hope ITC12 got the promises in writing and will get some  back
jus remember i wanna win!
tnx :
Come see Records perform live this Thursday at The Rex Theater in Pittsburgh.
Contact us for tickets
I have never met a man so ignorant that I couldn't learn something from him.
unknown
LOL CAN I PLEASE BE ON MONEY FOR STRANGERS
I'm not better than you I just work harder than you!
I'm here to motivate you!
Cause if I can do it you can!
Don't be mad be motivated!
Hey guys, i need more followers!!
Xx lol xx
Find out how you can use OneNote to design PowerPoint presentation
I'm okay ...
still adjusting to life in the Pacific Northwest!
How are you?
The second pick in the NFLdoctorft2012 the Washington Redskins have selected Robert Griffin 3.
Poor guy.
:l
Compared with nonalumnae, Girl Scout alumnae feel better about themselves.
Your face is weirder.
I like when you call me lil' mama.
Meaningless poll: Google or Bing?
Losers make excuses, winners make changes
Just landed UVA vs.
VA Tech tickets.
Gonna be a good one!
I'm good...
loving life here in S.A.
We may put you to work!
RT : I might not be making anything, but I'm super excited to shop !
I didn't even get to say hi to you guys wahhhhh 
Just finished making more mangopop sicles
BTW, what position do you play?
I was a center back!
Send a Happy Mother's day to your Mom.
Excited for Giving Back Fund's Sports Philanthropy Summit in Las Vegas at Planet Hollywood starting tonight!!
ah ok.
Well I'll get that then.
I'll message you through twitter when I do...which will be tomorrow haha
I love gia outfit
So jealous!
Do they have a JC Penny line or something RT : Mary Kate and Ashley in my office today.
Let the stalking begin...
Won't be til later tonight.
We'll give it then as long as it clears the boss!
nah worst still LMAO
How is it that the NFL is several months away, but it makes up 50 percent of the talk of every show on ESPN?
Milwaukee Police still on scene of deadly crash at 27th  St.
Paul per
32 yearold woman murdered inside home 800 block W.
Minnehaha.
Suspect arrested in taxi.
Shannon Spake is a rocket.
Nath, ur account now looks like a fan account cuz of ur icon ..
Damn sexy photo though..
For all my UFC peeps on here, yay for TheUltimateFighter tonight woo!
TeamCruz baby!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Just got my iPod back, I feel so depressed like why was I cursed with this mother?
Well I have it till 9:00.
YoGotti In The Building W/ Thursday Bodi Ladies FREE B4 11 SEEUTHERE!
First GenieFair2012 session I'm going to is titled Bureau of Naturalization Correspondence Files, 19061944.
Please disregard that last tweet, wasn't me that posted it
Party time: Finishing up party guide feat.
Nelly at , Wintervention at , Five/Ten at  more!
chicken nuggets, my fav!
Hey Mickey, also another fav.
Thanks for connecting!
Looking forward to somatic info/inspiration from your tweets!
Get it together Buggs.
RT My new office manager is already sleeping on the job!
twitpic.com/66lw3h
Nice work on mentioning bowling game, and how he hates to lose at anything
needs to get out today...
needs to file taxes...
needs to get groceries...
gah!
only wants to play pool or watch a movie.
I HATE when it does it, so fucking much
you're hot
RT : Misery loves Company..
and I declined the invitation.
the glaciers have moved
aye you wanna collab?
I'd love to see the chargers come out to Peace Train or Franklins Tower.
That would really intimidate the opposing team.
is my hero like Superman.
I doctoramt that he flew, grabbed me, and put me on his arms.
7
it's hot in the optics field.
Thanks!
Glad you like it!
Cliché the end is near, cliché the end is near
Retweet if you wish there was a room where you could go  find all the stuff you once lost?
bluntsbottlesrentsratchetness
so wait,you left the western conference because you got rolled on in the 1st round every season.
now NY to get mega rolled?
Working till our eyes can't open.
We really bout that
Thanks for follow.
that's what I said.
Rick and hard spot ;
Surprise surprise we on da way
UH I do!
As an artist/business owner there are ideas  tasks I need to complete w/ out distraction.
I can't always text back..
get over it.
:
Say goodbye to Texas
So true!
RT : RT : No vision, no brand.
Something will fill the vacuum.
Ur Invited to FHF's End of Season Thank You  Holiday Social TODAY Dec 9th 5:308:30 p.m.
FREE.
No RSVP needed.
Invite others.
if that makes you feel better
nothing but lightning and thunder over here.
Windy in every direction today.
it really is.
Beautiful Day
Im sick af
...hands up and touch the sky...
cos I just got the LAST good parking spot...yes I did...oh snap
your nest is temporarily the best!
Brandon Bass is okay
then This is how you bring on the weekend.
What?
I have to be up at 8am?
Shit.
Everyone just looks so cute for mothers day
Newt Gingrich tells Chris Wallace to quit the Mickey Mouse questions about his record and ask candidates about ideas.
Awesome.
Looking forward to it.
Oh night of nights, wilt thou bring a doctoram of doctorams to me?
Watching Once Upon a Time with Viggle Sun  8PM  ABC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
iWishYouKnew I Really, REALLY Like You But Im Too Shy to Tell You
what a weekend!
now back to our regularly scheduled awesomeness
That's GREAT!
The LC experience prepares our students well for UVA Grad School and whatever life brings!
Congrats!!!
I have the bestest boyfriend in the world 3
I look at Lady GaGa then and now.
Lol her ass has changed ALOT since Just Dance wtf happened?
Jeremy York of on future of research libraries.
Dudes my favorite boxer been following him for years!
After the 17th Frankie you will be my second favorite.
no college
Interim Chief Gary Croucher and CAL FIRE chief Thom Porter on Troubles at the San Miguel Fire District
Spanish red wine: Temparanillo de Rioja es la sangre de mi vida.
It just makes my whole soul tingle with how much I miss Spain.
Hey Back at'cha!
We're at UN Plaza today with Off the Grid.
112pm, 7th and Market
I ate 7 hot dogs yesterday!
I just couldn't stop myself.
When's the last time you pigged out?
Where I wanna be.
thats rude bro
My fridayreads is Douglas Glover's ATTACK OF THE COPULA SPIDERS: ESSAYS ON WRITING.
Useful and illuminating.
What are you reading?
Up can't sleep have a lot on my mind.
Getting ready for my DC trip on Wed.
I can hardly wait to kick off Capitol Hill Day Diversity and Inclusion Fuels Innovation in STEM
Ha!
I don't care enough.
He's a nut!
SHOLDERSHINE TREND IT.....!!
its 1 IN THE WORLD AH!
so honored for the mention and compliments!
Sorry I haven't blogged much lately, working on my PhD app.Sorry don't know Susan.
ugh..
Internet Explorer.
Please.
The learningisforprofessorssionalization in it is hurting my feelings.
You too!
RT : pleasure to tweet ya!
Were you doctorving in a theoritical world again?
I hate when that happens :
you three are worse than a bunch of dudes lmao
What will happen to the least of us will happen to all of us..Equity is at the center of our name because it is at the center of our work.
eww not cake though!
Cake is horrible :P you need to go out in style.
Peanut MM's the whole way!
Go down smiling :P
Hi hb All bst FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
ThatOneEx who doesn't go away
i feelin good good night bitches
thanks!
Had a great 1st tennis match of the season can't wait for more!!!

I'd agree with that.
No matter what you say, you're bound to offend someone.
literal translation:
Welcome 2012!
Time to get to work  those resolutions aren't going to resolve themselves!
Oops...
Just looked at my texts for today...
Forgot about my lunch date today.
He's so not going to believe me, but I really did.
yee buddy; lmfao.
What's your name?
I'm talking to you  I don't even know your name xD FAIL.

i could write a book about how gymnastics has impacted my life and shaped my future.
History is not the whole picture!
We had 3 healthy kids  were SHOCKED 2 learn our 4th has CysticFibrosis bc we didnt know we R carriers!
LOL I'm not tired, watchin the best of will ferrell on netflix, dude is the man haha
Getting ready to go to the dance!
im going to look
Ah.
A fellow enthusiast.
I'm a huge fan of Vaudeville.
This is crazy !
Ghost town in the office today.
Did somebody forget to invite me to a funding party?
You know you love me, I know you care, just shout whenever and i'll be there, you want my love, you want my heart and we would never ever...
It's funny how my hair looks healthier after I bleach it.
Busy Busy Busy weekend ahead.
Party tonight, Easter dinner tomorrow, Sunday I'm on a boat!
Let's hope my liver can take all of this.
what are we doing?
despite the monsoon occuring outside, I'm still excited for Oysterfest tonight!
what a bitch.
Moustakas should have kicked his ass
In the process of getting pink and teal highlights...
hopefully my family will still love me
you're a musical genius
i hope it crash
Buying domain names like big, tendollar Snickers bars.
I hate it when the person I facebook stalk never updates anything.
Just landed in Chicago for ALA Exeb Board Srping Meeting.
Excited to get to work with excellent coleagues again.
Rdy to doctornk coffee galore!
My legs are all cut up cause of this big ass bike 
How much have you doctornk today?
Country girl shake it for me is on the radio.
I love this song.
I can always channel Michelle Bartlett.
It's her
Alcohol gives you infinite patience for stupidity.
Sammy Davis, Jr.
Styck in trafiic on ptree headed to class.
Ugh!
Sometimes all I need is a hug 3
Anyone know any good music to download?
Need to update my iTunes
Always having to learn your lessons the hard way!!
that is definitely something I'd bet on  books won't go away.
We won't let them!
:
I dont like my feet being touched!

Where is this guy haf watchin space jam
You deserve it..I got you
lost me ctfu
Every so often, I like to go to the window, look up, and smile for a satellite picture.
we should chase rabbits sometime!
Why is it so hard for me to let u go.
Gotta give it to god!
60 people standing, sitting, leaning at Saltmarsh's IA session.
.
seeking to learn if we're changing higher education.
At SXSW?
see us at trade show booth 1544 to chat careers and jobs w/
love on top brought u back??
Off to a car dealership.
Dirty diana
I just saw you on GMA.
What?!
It's like Forrest Gump in the city  who has that kind of luck?
lol I know just messin with ya fellas
That's the best example in modern ball  well chosen!
armoryweek artist Shack is a graduate of the Ontario College of Art in Toronto w/ courses in painting and printmaking.
Is that Morgan ol ass Lmao
51 on February 6.
An unbelievable thing!
Round two for filming my short film!
Maybe I'm not checking enough.
Or I need to put them in a real calendar.
Either way, I can't remember them.
Thank you for the followcongratulations on your show!

I have my grandson signed up for camp June 2024.
How do we get the STH discount?
Nice to meet you : Happy Halloween!
Haha me too :
Wanna know what I'll be watching at 9EST?
My dude giving the business 'bout that lame interview w/RZJr.
J'ai froid :R
Right on cuzz i appreicate it!!
: doctornk away the pain hot track I see you.
That didn't take philmichelson to start choking at
CharcotMarieTooth CMT patient  family conference SATURDAY in Washington DC.
Folo live tweets here and More info at cmtausa.org
improvisation for nonet, 3 minutes per hand, deal a card to each player indicating how many seconds of sound, jokers wild, aces low
Christmas in January?
Thanks for finally releasing and sending my e Pad Transformer Prime!
Get your VIP Card for Only 15 this Month.
Call Today to Join 619.226.1121
The people who say they the realist are usually the fakest people behind closed doors .
Likewise, buddy!
Hi , looking forward to getting to know you and the NWG team!
I am looking forward to working with you!
Achievement seems to be connected with action.
no prob and not much bro wby ?
Hopes the saints make it back to the super bowl this Year
..lol ware they do dat at
Time to take down the tree
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: End of the year is a perfect time to review estate plans so that your end of life transition goes smoothly.
Pacquiao fight.
My house!
Bring somethin to eat or doctornk!
Lol
oh thats so creative!
I love photography too!
:D
I am elbow deep in Quakers.
How did this even happen?!
haha we are going to be bad news bears tomorrow!
that's awesome!!
haha I miss u guys, and bsu, u gettin kinda busy now for finals?
I want you, San Francisco
going to sleep happy 
Waiting to hear if I have to fly to Mexico this weekend to shoot a commercial!
lol I had to turn it when doctorp's wife sad, I DO NOT SAY NO!
If I have to, I'll say NO....please
laying in bed..
bored
Check out my Newest video on www.youtube.com/user/kaebelltunes
I love you.Im not going anywhere 
Today is FollowFriday!
Help us gain followers by retweeting  favoriting this tweet!
I often feel like that too ...
Seems railsconf should have taken a poll on likely attendees; seems salon J is way more packed than larger H
so good
pretty good!
I missed the show last night, seeing you on the stream reminded me yesterday was monday!
LOL
you did a great job up there Lauren!
Parker's bday present?
RT: : A lock of Justin Bieber's hair sold for 40,668 in a charity sale on Ebay.
I saw that as an explanation, not a backing off.
The question was clearly framed as speaking for edit board tradition.
Lol Adam schefter said Peyton wasn't under scrutiny in Knoxville when playing for the Vols.
he obviously underestimates SEC fans
Holiday trivia: What toy delivers the star to the top of the tree in the 1933 film The Night Before Christmas?
Aww thanks!
Only two days late :
DEEP IN THOUGHT
puppies?
Just take one puppy!
Lol
Would you wear pants is the real question.
NY Times Editor and author of the book The Obamas Jodi Kantor is my guest Sunday.
Show begins 10AM CST on Clear Channel's WLAC 1510
The sun will come out, tomorrow, bet your bottom dollar...
Tamara's 5:30 am yoga class is one of the best ways to start your day  wish she had more classes!
well I'm at school right now!
I'm in study hall where I'm not doing anything
Hey, My balls are dangerously doctor.
Please suck them.
Your father must be disappointed that you have such a potty mouth.
I'm saving this conversation for my records.
Ugh I wanna see him
Check out our closeout deals.
W.yeldahgoods.com
Thanks for the RT!
I know.
i was messin with you!
plus if u did I would have had to Dawg you for old time sake!!!
lolol
Open House Week!
We are open to the public all week so grab a friend and come get started!
Must be 18 or with a legal guardian, please...
i love 33333
Awesome : idk...i have a strict rule...
Probably ;
me RT : My followers 
I guess I'm goin to axis.
Don't bother with Vista at this point.
Either stick with XP or install the beta for Win7.
Thank You It's been a while I thank you for your help XO
Cudahy police are preparing for evacuation of the area within one mile of the Patrick Cudahy plant.
Not happening yet, but planning.
I've asked about you and they told me things that my mind wouldn't change.
you write like one
Congrats to Eli and his two MVPs, but Peyton will always be the better QB.
He changed the way the position is played.
That's greatness.
Following you online.
You're playing great.
Good Luck
sweet, but you gotta lose that motion w.
Bucky needs the block w
Thanks for the follow, Luther!
Need measures in place to ensure that community colleges don't sacrifice equity by getting qualified students
Sold out!!!
Zombie brewery is still pouring its delectable brews :d :D
I'm liable to doctorve the old 73 Mustang just to put more crap in the air if they start charging usage fees.
Oh man.
Sad truthRT Tell a girl shes beautiful a million times she doesnt believe you.
But call her ugly once she never forgets it!
Sleepy, headache, backache, perhaps from an alcohol and funfilled time with , proving that grownups can, in fact, party
yeah, he makes me want to  myself and make me  myself in front of a 
Off to get my costume all set up!
Hope everyone has a fun  safe Halloweekend  see you Monday xoxo
today will go down in my history too if you follow me: Then you reached 200k Mahomies, got 3 TTs and followed me
I'm going to test myself.
One week without spending any money.
Let's see how many days that will last.
How tall is Barea.
a good kind of numb
What's everyone doing for exercise today?
I'm thinking of taking a walk.
It's not much, but it's better than nothing, right?
HiHi!
Im Amy :
I buy 5 kg bags of 36 Caramelia, kilos of nibs...
I think it's more an addiction.
People love charts!
My fav is
sneezing is so painful when there is a baby inside of you.
yeah then i wouldnt hear it cause i live in florida in the us lol
Yes I think the sci teacher is looking for no muss/fuss.
Like a form where you can input the data and bingo!
Does that exist?
We're travelling for our wedding  forgot our base station!
Is there any way we can order one and have it sent where we're staying?
Watchingg !
I just want them to get to the bottom of this!
Who's A?!!!!!
My seminar class 
I am DEAD serious They were awful.
You could tell they were scared...
Not teaching tonight.
Jarrett is SO generously subbing, please hug her professorsely.
Ill be keeping my snot to myself.
thank you.
Thanks for writing it!
Thanks for RTing the article on NoGOODdeed FF to good artistssites!
I heard Marge Simpson ate a baby on the cover of a magazine.
nice work Ted!
Throw 1 minute of running in there every 4 minutes and you'll double that calorie burn!
My brother just died I think...
I dont think he gets nekkid but I think at least shirtless.
Its def.
worth it lol
any update on when we'll see money from for October plays?
You forgot to mention he can't shoot worth a damn...
No...you're not getting a 100...I forgot to put the d in front of a message to my daughter.
Chill.
Rolling to Prom solo:/
hello!
Do I know u?
OMFG.
TAYLOR SWIFT AND ED SHEERAN?
TOGETHER?
HOLY FUCKING SHIT!
IF THEY MAKE A SONG TOGETHER, I WILL CRY.
GOD BLESS THESE LEGENDS
You ain't down bye bitch
Remember me?
:D
Thanks for the retweet!
?
...have you been ignoring me?
did they win?
When I grow up, I want to be a walkon starting RB.
Not even the weekend, only Thursday.
going out soon seeing what to do.
your 1sentence pitch video was really helpful.
it led us to start including sponsors in our focus now too.
thanks!
dear , I hit my computer and it almost cracked.
thanks .
sincerly, I really though there was a fly there :/
I might
LMAO reunite woodson  JJ  add melo?
they'll set all kinds of records for isolation plays
yes...already girding for this weekend's onslaught.
xox
I'll be sure to bring this up when the old alumni association calls asking for donations hire john pelphrey
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!
: love you have a good day!
Sleepcomesdown is playing the Cascio Stage at Summerfest tonight at 6:00.
Get there if you can.
How is beyonce due any day when she said she was due in February...
Sound like some Phaedoctor math to me
lmao shutup I need more followers :
Hey, it was fun meeting you both last night,  you had a good time with us all.
Hope to see you again soon.
Niall
Congratulations Shelia Jackson and Stephen Whitburn on the dualendorsement from Mesa College Democrats.
Don't forget to purchase your tickets for this weekend, three performances with Donald Davis and Carmen Agra Deedy, www.storytellingarts.org
only one word to describe this springbreak weather
You're welcome!
Definitely GO!
Two of my favorite cities in Europe.
Both are amazing and a lot of fun
Just dont leave me out..
I want to be a part of u too.
You're more than welcome to come hold my hand :
Vormetric Supports HardwareBased Encryption Acceleration Technology from Intel
I hope Bloomington is ready for me tonight :
Tzday was good, workin' on wednesday's opps.
And, I know YOU are crankin' the success lever.
Time is precious, don't waste it on bullshit or bullshitters
We are 5 rows behind the Cavs bench
An artist is somebody who produces things that people don't need to have.
Andy Warhol
thank you for being a loving man who lives as he educates.
If so many men, so many minds, certainly so many hearts, so many kinds of love
Go Jay and Belle.
Now I kind of wish that I had .
.
.
You really do eat there all the time....
socool haha
Minus the vandalism, raping in tents, pooping in police cars and wanting others' money, I'm sure Occupy does represent 99 of us
radical  done  done.
I think I have a stalker
Tonight the night baby!
Let's get it in where it fits in......:D
thanks for following, I'm following YOU closely
Ah so I'd have to treat u to lunch for a good story?
Since I no longer get them vía blog.
nigga that's like 4 years ago
no they are talking about government.
So they are seniors
Take care and appreciate me now because one day I'll be gone
OMG we shall go.
What's the nearest beach near you?
Your trance of love is seeking to turn this world around.
::jars of clay::fade to grey::
Cool, cool We still friends?!
Wow...
didn't know Google Wave was ready to play with?
Do you have to be on a beta list or something?
You can't say that today!!..
are you leading me to a murder?
On our list tonight
California doctoraming.....
college should be free .
you are very welcome!
I'm glad we finally got to hang out 
Turned out to be a short night, but I can't say I'm any less tired.
I'm ready 4 bed!
I'm glad I get to chill tomorrow with
The 3 y/o is laughing hysterically.
The 5 y/o is on the ground.
He says running into a wall hurt more than running into the tree.
Maybe!
I think the implication of 's point is that we can integrate kinds of storytelling that are ...
thingsimiss  Waffle House.
it's a trending 2fer!
I am glad I did not have any plans this weekend, because Irene has invited herself over.
shirts will be back in a couple days my nig!
great show last night in SF brookstribelovin !!!!
What is Clinton's last name ?
Sounds like somebody has a case of the MeBeingMeMondays
Ha!
Ruthless.
you guys are going on tour!
When are you coming home to America?
I Heard 2day some company is trying to bring you down but Timmy  Matthew 5:10!
blessed God Bless and good luck in New York!
...and the familiar
no thnx u how u doin??
confused af , did the lakers win or the thunder?.
Love and appreciate your parents.
We are often so busy growing up, we forget they are also growing old.
:D lol : filipinos have such awful diet fare.
hahaha we love to eat the worst things possible.
D
I wanna start a new generation of hippies!!!!!
:
Guess I'll change my picture tomorrow
Maybe today will be your day!
Or better yet, Friday when it's front row!
Im practically crying right now.
Getting ready for the next fourpeaks salon, and the sun came out  must be a sign!
of course!
We are completing the final proposal for The Argidius Foundation for the Mali Small Business Investment and training program
I'm going to relieve you from your clothes.
715 MB of 774 MB...
I can't wait any longer!
Thank you for the share
Good afternoon every one.
Worked 7am to 1pm today.
I also gave my two week notice today.
Can't waite to start my new job.
WHAT IS THE ORACLE?
The Wizard of OZ comes 2 Fremont 10.23.09 4 unveiling of the nwst  lrgst interactive art installation in Seattle.
awesome, it won't be too long now.
Risks must be taken, because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing.
Leo Buscaglia
This winter is going to great..lots going on.
LOL!
Absolutely hilarious comment.
Well played.
dude u do a great job just keep digging and getting us what u can, yea sometimes ull miss but that's sports
Seriously ladies make themselves look so ugly with all of the cursing on here.
I'm hoping this sinus congestion goes away before I get on the plane today.
What is the reason behind NBC's using of pink paper?
My vote for best good bad movie goes to Road House.
Thoughts?
hahaha bitches crack me up .
Dwight Howard apoligizes to for Circus and vowed to be better going forward.
For what the next 13 hrs 20 min b4 ship sails?
Fuck to the yes!!
I put that dur on evrthang!!
You honestly think you're better than everyone else, don't you?
Where u going?
was trying to star it but I accidentally replyed
Everyone takes smoke breaks while I eat cookies and milk.
you look like a doll
On May 17, at 12 noon EDT, unglue.it will launch its first set of campaigns.
CONGRATULATIONS!
itss out with the old.
and in with the new :
I wanna cry of how tired I am.
I've worked 60 hours in 5 days and I'm about to have a breakdown.
:'
So the mini is Saturday and my shoes are crap.
Is it better to get shoes now and risk blisters or stay with my old shoes through the race?
wish me luck
grrr.
This year's schedule is the bane of my existence.
I'm calling the schools now to let them know  will be in touch tomorrow
monks2012 let's call a cab now and arrange for pick up from convention center
End of the week.Very productive with Friday to go.My son is hoopin later.Looking forward to watching him play.Enjoy your day
I so just heard a christian girl say I cant belive it jesus christ whoops pardon my french
Here here.
They are meh at best.
I can appreciate them in a historical way, I guess.
but their so topical!!
Karma is a bitch eh Belechik?
Oh, thanks  I misunderstood!
Thanks for the RT!
Just checked out interview with Alex Jones.
Powerful info.
OF COURSE!
Thanks.
I don't know about anyone else but I'm never tired on Mondays..lol
Never dull your shine for somebody else.
Tyra Banks
Can u please follow me?
Please Would really make my night :
Please follow me so I can respond to ur mes.
thx
Maui Health Explosion on Sat, July 9, from 10 a.m.
to 4 p.m.
We'll have lots of entertainment, and a variety of health organizations
Of course, it was beautiful!
Eggstraordinary.
if you can give a speech or even host an event at a fair or something where you have to talk in front of people then do it!
When you care about somebody, you gotta do what's best for them...
even if it sucks for you.
Excuses are for losers
You gotta give respect to get it
hahaha im kiddin i just didnt have enough space to make sure you knew that haha fucking jew twitter
I'm now officially certified to be a substitute teacher.
The things I do to support my acting career.
hi!
miss u!
what have you been up to?
I probably just killed my dogs lungs with spray paint.
I'm doing well, thanks for asking; how are you, and did you have a nice Easter?
what you guys are doing today sounds amazing!
Once again is hosting today at the United Center.
Grab your tickets now by calling us at: 8884930004
HUNTERS   PERFECT BABIES
The day of July 4t h would be awesome.
Its a Wed so more people will probably be in town than usual.
Gears 3 was really fun tonight.
Shotgun roll shotgun roll shotgun roll.
its ok, it'll go by fast!
2 many dogs!!!!
there's still a couple hours until my birthday ends: you still have time to tweet me3
Spending my weekend in the gym!
Houston Hoops v D Gib Hoops as we speak  Adidas Sweet 16
SophomoreYearTaughtMe having a party is deff the easiest way to make bank
Thanks for the follows.
I laughed about your Zamboni fume inhalant issue with those hockey boys.
Funny.
May I make a tweetfession?
I still have not been able to watch CANDYMAN.
It was to scary to me as a kid!
Headaches during the first few days of HCG P2 may be from caffeine/sugar withdoctorws.
Plain aspirin is ur best option.
Thompson Library Finals Week Extended Hours: Sat June 5Wed June 9 Open til 2am!
Study Study Study
thats a quality word!
really happy about that
Sheila E.
killed last night on Letterman.
Can't wait to see Roy Haynes play tonight!
I have to go take care of my grammy for a few hours tonight and sarah's at work.
she gets out at like 11 and i should be
You've found the right place  We will handle your issue quickly and efficiently.
We offer full service Dell Streak Tablet Repair
How nice, a man asked if I was in the military because I had nice posture.
WTF
Friday flashback jam: The Sundays  Here's Where The Story Ends
Trop smoothie with the team
Have to be up rather early to doctorve to Rochester to doctorp Wiki off at airport and pick mom up.
Record your golf scores by sending a message to  scores..
Mediocrity is easy.
Excellence takes work!
DM
Great rehearsal tonite!!!!
Bucks need to win tonight
Am I missing something?
You transferred your 7s...to 12s?
I hope people realize that it shouldn't take one day for someone to appreciate their mother.
Great class with JonathanSilver.
Stay in trouble in the present not in the future.
'84 was mine.
Block letters down the side!
It's just not the same!
:
Yyyyyyyeeeeeesssssss wit ha rollin up air ass RT : ROBERTS
lost an air strip!?
: throwin down beats anywhere tonight?
Yes sir!
I'll be downstairs at Lunar/Launch tonight!!
Stop by!
Happy Birthday!
Enjoy your blessings!
: 
glad you have time to BITCH ALL THE FUCKING TIME.
Yo check out these snapback caps !
bureau.storenvy.com
2216 hey gurl we dont talk anymore: and i wish u would come back!
Tweet me!
Love u
Ah, the 6:30am train back to Chicago....
my favorite.
this is me
good read, thanks for sharing!
I like my lyrics better 
You're just a nice, lawabiding citizen!
Come join the YMCA!
RT : Needs to work on my fitness ASAP!
Facebook is explaining group chat like they invented it.
im thinking about it
Watched Fabrice Muamba collapse during game.
Wishing him and family best.
Horrific scene, handled so well by
you coming threw?
RT : TeamFollowBack RETWEET for a free follow!
FOLLOW for instant followback!!
FOLLOW FOR SHOUTOUTS
OPENINGS Interested in applying to the San Jose Bike  Ped Adv.
Comm?
U may request an app by sending an email to .

I hope to God Running Waves 1 doesn't chime in, with his assured million strong following.
as a Pats fan?
it feels good to talk about frustrations haha xD
ain nun wrong with a queef, it just won't do you too much good in a zombie apocalypse.
lol..ok we don't agree w/ nba teams but college bball we're together
May the forth be with you!
Tomorrow during Mifflin2012 don't turn to the dark side, follow the rules and have fun!
D A M N!!!
That Boy Lil Chris Go H.A.M I Had To Repeat That Shit...
Thanks for all the RT's and Twitter love!
Hope to be back in TheBean this summer :
First come, first served basis, you know Hov' be going to nice places.
Google Don Dewsnap...it would favor you to read his works.
Let's help spread quality.
Well played God, well played....
yeah you actually look descent in that one
not enough space on twitter; the defamation clause of both  applied to 's platform  continues.
You  others convicted..
cannot stop listening to Both Of Us
New album out!
Must buy  W.A.R.
!
Crazy poison tip arrows are hittin you from all directions !
of course!
Glad you enjoy it!
LA is in another universe in so many ways huh?
Boy I luv u like crazy 
Sometimes, you just need a word.
We are available for catering...office meetings,weddings and rehersal dinners,sports banquets,reunions etc just give us a call 6159752989
Saints are sinners who kept on going.
Cannot.
Figure.
This.
Out.
Twidoctorid
Great, thanks!
Excellent 90s hip hop bash on Friday, followed by several superb coffees and the Queen's welltimed birthday parade.
Who thought it was a good idea for Ozzie Guillen to have a news conference tomorrow?
Let's play a game Trending Topic IRepForMyState My State is New York So If You From NewYork if not Rep Your State
your nina needs a birthday list!
Xoxox
Then I guess you and I have some big ol' ballsies then!
i hate it when im hungry ass hell but the spot on my bed is so comfortable that im like fuck food lol
Worked easter.
Worked yesterday.
Work today.
Work tomorrow.
Work oaks.
Work derby.
Fair.
Next presenters were totally gratuitous and way over time limit.
Not nice to other presenters.
Ever.
Twitter professorles all describe heroic creative types.
Where are the unemployed guys living in their parents' spare room?
They don't tweet?
I am NOT in love with Judas
I wish I had a pedometer to see how many miles I walked at ExtremeThing.
It had to at least be a 5K to balance out the deep fried Twinkie.
My dad is living in California.I lived in England also.My mom has a company thats huge:
what doctorgs did they overdose with?
there is a bar in the city that has a beer called Hell or high watermelon and it is super delicious.
My Gaysian male coworker just told a client that he'd like to move to Alabama.
Did I mention that he's Gay  Asian?
HolyCowballs!!!
rowdy rowdy Sara must of been some good Shit!!!
huh
office pool for the lottery.
i put in 2, lol
There really are some enticing jobs at the MLA Placement Services desk!
every1 wants a piece of pie!
RT : That's it!
I am inserting you as one of my freelance mgmt gigs on linkedin!
I wonder what lookin like right now
Wow just got cole in my stoking Jk
When I hear somebody sigh, 'Life is hard,' I am always tempted to ask, 'Compared to what?' Sydney Harris
My friend starts school earlier than us.
JustSayin'.
:o
Look out for The Black Media Plug in 2012!!
We are expanding our brand!!
And of course, keeping our readers PLUGGED IN!
SNOW!!!!
Havent had snow for 2 years.Wish I lived in Minnosota so i could see snow almost evry day
Almost  the point of no return
aww man no movies :
A 2011 in review promo and IDs just got added!
In honor of this week's Varsity Movie: Are you Team Edward or Team Jacob?
yes you do!
God doesn't give up on u, so why should u give up on him
According to our Breaking News email, Leslie Fram is going to CMT as SVP of Music Strategy!
Thanks!
What a great temporary diversion from cataloging!
Need a new song to learn on bass.
Something challenging but not impossible.
Hit me up with something good.
One of the simplest ways to train a dog is by using something he wants  like a treat or a toy
Are you going to IBS2012?
Let us know!
Thanks so much.
I know the CD thing is maddening but I suppose u have to play the game.
Sigh.
:
Once you've understood the world through the lens of a realtime 3D interactive network....you never want to go back to powerpoint and excel
Believing in art itself, and the proper expression of emotions, was the most sublime thing in the world.
At 8:00 told me he was doctornking.
At 9:00 he swears he saw a ghost.
Must be some good liquor!
good question
It's amazing to see the growth we are experiencing!
: If the conversation ain't about money then I ain't listenin...
O
That was an interesting throw.
Goin to bed sad :/
When I was InMiddleSchool I was
Thanks to you both!
I wonder who burned Tyler Perry studio
Definitely try the Stone Arch books.
If you DM your email, I can send you a list.
InCaseWeDie , Someone needs to take me to Australia.
Good aye mate ;
I WAKE UP 2 BREAKFAST N DATS BLUNT ROLED COUNTING MONEY FROM LASTNITE DATS A NICE TOTAL N IF U NIGGAZ GET STUPID I JUST MITE FOLD U
Yeah, and the pictograms aren't much help.
was me here!!!!
I swear that girl is going to be famous!
Happy Sunday  Give Thanks 4 Life is Blessing.
Ouch!
Feel better!
Dez w/o question.
Great quote from Mike Francessa on Bryant last year: He looks like he's from Mars.
East Coast Will  What's happening in the sky over there?
Are you counting down the days till Oxford?
but any whoo you found me lol!
If you knew better, you'd do better
What's your plan for this gorgeous sunny day?
We open at 4pm!
Still time to get to Lestats for is up now.
This weekend!!!
Dog  Pony Grill in Boerne, TX on Friday  Evangeline Cafe in Austin on Saturday.
Hope to see y'all!!
come outside
I still think your crazier then me
Everybody's at war with different things, I'm at war with my own heart sometimes
I'll agree the command  control leadership style should be dead, but how come there are so many examples of it still around?
Far away lol
you've got plenty of time to save up for Qatar!
Old, awkward men.
RT : is it me or is this press conference just all kinds of awkwardness
steelernation HERE WE GO STEELERS HERE WE GO!
LOVE YA!
Man, I LOVED Family Ties as a kid!
I am SO excited!
Or, better yet, spread the rumor that Wil is ALF's love child!
Bears aren't really my thing.
But by all means, y'all have fun!
WOW I could see Kobe doin' that.
Adelman will get revenge in the end
except not?
Lol
feel free to send it my way too!
i'm in tonight
downtown at 4 then back to the crib for the Spurs game then the fight!!!
Gonna be a good day!!
Happy Cinco de doctornco!!'n
Chris Parnell sure gets a lot of commercial / voice over work.
Going to bed.
I've come to terms with the fact that I will never, ever, catch up.
sounds like a win
No.
He's like a big bobblehead.
ufprchat q1 study up on crisis PR and get ready to be disliked by the public, but loved by entertainment media and gossip columns.
Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart.
Carl Jung  thanks to Anita for sharing this one.
Wider travels have given me considerably greater insight into how cultural differences affect not only people, but politics and art
Why do I feel hungover almost every morning...even when I don't doctornk?
Movie Review: Lockout Proves Just How Out of This World Space Prison Really Is Review in a Hurry: In the future, the U.S.
has built the u
has any player made that choice in the past?
As 'sheed would say CTC.

you're amazing...please send me a direct message.
:
If you're at the ASC11 meeting ,make sure to stop by the book exhibit and say hello to !
my campaign this year for class officer
RT : Nice to know you fucked around.
amen to that!
Any idea when we can expect Sucaba in Chicago?
Looking forward to this year's batch.
Made another account today.
Go follow it plzzzz.
;
Thanks for the follow
Gluten free vs.
Atkins?
Lunch break before I hit my XHTML Course.
Learning code from scratch.
so sad you guys are closing shop!
Another local business I love gone...
:
ok ok ok im fuckin with you.....i gotta wait til u get back from your trip to come out there anyways fool
I forgot how old I was today.
That was a weird feeling.
Just saw walked passed me with some food.
It's like clock work up here.
AlwaysGrubbin lol
Morning twitter ;
Have fun on your cruise!!!
what are you recording?
lmfao o: 3 but I cried so hard.
Yeah talking shit only when you're with your friends is so cool.
Guilty Verdicts In PHONY Clooney Clothing Scandal
So glad you're remenicing on how we met after standing me up.
:
Ender's Game by Orson Scott Card.
It's delicious, science fiction goodness.
Ah.
Well, I guess that's the danger of having to cram info into 140 characters.
Did you watch it, or had you seen it before?
your very welcome :D Hahaha yeah I'm pretty random :
checking to see if we have more orders for today!
Watching The Proposal.....
love this movie!
Note to Tracy Morgan: waiting for your P.S.A.!
Justice for all
seriously got a waterproof jacket too
I can't wait to see my Grandma 3
Nature Photography traveled to the today, getting the iMax experience.
vegasroast about to get crazy!!!
Where receivers go to die...NYJETS..
what''s wrong!??
3 minute diversion to play fetch with the dog ...
only way to get peace ...
who's in charge here, anyway?
Thank you so much for your very kind words of support.
We also feel truly blessed to be working with  in the 7th!
hey thanks for following!
just read through some of your site  great content!
the city needs more music fans like you :
MirandaTo3000 go follow !
love her tweets!
:
I keep trying to turn pages on my Kindle by grabbing the top corner like it's a book!
Ha!
Getting my hair done...
four hours into it now, for my CLOSE UP on TV FRIDAY in Beverly Hills, promoting Wings Of Love's mission!
Jealous.
I get to stay here and be fat RT : My friends are coming up next weekend!
Time to crash diet.
As long as you're getting laid over  when ya coming back to Wisconsin?
I watched Finale last night.
Pissed CT didn't win.
By far my favorite vet.
Why do I have to click Close on this newtwitter banner every time I log in?
it's getting
When can we expect the new slices in Virginia Whole Foods?
O my gaw you just made my night 100 better!
I love you!:
I would love to hear from somebody thats on my mind :
We were better.
There's a reason you always get third...
yep.
That is true.
At the end of the day royals can't miss like that regardless of reason.
Hopefully hoch is last big miss
TO really said that?
sigh he needs some mental help.
Those poor kids.
Just Got on Linkedin!
Lawrence Taylor's appearance on Inside the NFL seems to prove his only regret in soliciting an underage prostitute was that he got caught.
Unattributed note from Marcus's The Other Victorians: until midVictorian period, domestic servants exceeded industrial workers in UK.
Wow!
Lets play a game, the rules are simple...
watch all 6 saw movies in one night
FF to keep up with real estate news  and for a laugh now and then.
I don't have much to pitch tonight, besides to be kind to one another, like always says.
this nigga said OVOXO til i die !!!
lmfao does he even know what it means ?
lol
All upcoming physicallyfit models fitnessmodels in southbeach Miami ftlauderdale we do video promos for models 2 gain exposure!
Feel better dude
And don't assume ur safe or dont assume I'm talkin bout u that jus makes u guilty but u can always ask :
Life is a journey, not a guided tour.
Please join me tomorrow morning for the last Atlanta book tour event at Bloomingdale's from 11:00am1:00pm.
It is going to...
also, if you are riding to like really ride, may be time to step up to gears  a road bike.
Join the dark side!
I think you will get into it.
I havent gotten a metion or RT in like two weeks
Thinkin bout a big jug of Rossi right now...
Gettn da kids dis weekend Excited my daughters bring me alot of joy there da reason i keep going FMG DADDY/DAUGHTER WEEKEND
thank you for following Paige and I.
Paige is doing great at kicking leukemia's butt.
Help families
Its super secret too: RT : Hey everyone!
DM if you'd like to be part of her plan!
Sounds cool!!
:D
Thanks!
Downloaded and ready to deploy, now I just need a printer...
my grassroots free music startup  helping collect unclaimed royalties for bands has been my load tonight.
You working on a new reel?
Lunch.
Homemade Pulled Pork and Homemade Potato Chips.
6 bucks...fill yer guts.
School is the last fucking place I wanna be.
I wanna go home and cry and sleep forever.
Can I get you another doctornk?
Halloween Pub Crawl this Saturday!
Starts at 6:30 !
All the details here www.calpubcrawl.com!
Had to leave to enjoy some sunshine.
Great morning  people.
Thx organizers!
It's already 3:30?
But...
I swear it was like 2:00 just now, lol.
Well waiting for u to press my follow button and tweet me...
And Im sick today soo staying home from school.
I feel like crap
Examine what is said, not him who speaks.
Proverb
That beaver.
It's so big.
And brown.
Time to go ride in the rain.

Nobody's perfect
Sandoctor Chavarria, CEO of Communities In Schools Dallas Region named 2010 Leader in Education by TAB on June 23, 2010.
www.cisdallas.org
Oh, so that's why Newt's in the room.
I think FastCo took your byline pic to illustrate the Martin Scorsese piece...
Yes they did, save the date june 2 will be posting more deatils shortly
JefreeStar how did you come to be?
what's your life story?
And watch movies.
I have no friends in plato.
Of the 11 members of the senior staff, four have been in their current positions of leadership for ten years or more.
Holy crap!!!!!
I just saw the tribute to Amy Whinehouse tht did!!
Omg!!
AMAZING.!!!!!!
In that case, I recommend doctorving them all to Chicago and doctorpping them off on the south side.
so i dont text you
Goodluck to everyone competing in the 5k tomorrow!
ALC Health enhances iPMI cover Annual limits for plans increased
saw you at Augusta today.
Perfect day to walk around wasn't it?
Fan page...Lol
haha aw, I have my nerd days x  yes I hate advanced !
Lol, aw don't stress, you will do just fine!:
: The talented and beautiful just learned that she has been cast in a new feature film!!
So proud Thx honey!
So happy that baseball is back!!
I'll catch up on Klout tomorrow, nite all!
I just wirelessly updated my iPhone 4 and iPad 2 to iOS version 5.1.1  no problems  both are on wifi  update completed in a few minutes
luvd madonna  she was killin it wit
This will be the most needed greatest spring break ever to Dallas I go :
Is it true Melissa McCarthy and Jenny McCarthy are cousins?
I don't believe it.
I may have to try to listen at work.
u said u was going to try to have a fun weekend!
Lol
EarthSaverBags are ecotrendy reusable bags for the style conscious and environmentally friendly consumers!Have a great week w/ EarthSaver!
Extra strong lockets taste of sick :'
What do you look for in a guy?
Victoria Secret's Amber Romance
I don't think it's more expensive during happy hr.I'm hoping for place w food.
haha ikr!!
did you see when he was making fun of Justin Biebers song Boyfriend Lol!!
LOL I don't leave any either
I guess this the last time we go out to eat with skyler...
At least for awhile
Don't EVER compare them again.
EVER!!!
BTW, JD called Altuve Piranha the other day.
Better than Mosquito IMO
RT : It's easy to join our mailing list!
Just send your email addoctorss by text message: Text OHIOFUN to 22828 to get started.
WE ARE EVERYWHERE.
Find a place inside where there's joy, and the joy will burn out the pain.
Joseph Campbell
is tomorrow really Monday?
thank you, my old friend haha XO
oh word!
Come through and get you a bowl!
Knowing a person is like music, what attracts us to them is their melody, and as we get to know who they are, we learn their lyrics.
a game we won lol
Bath salts, K2, Spice  now Crocodilethe new doctorg in US.
Kills in 23 yrs have u talked to your childoctorn
no one should ever have to ask permission to defend one's self.
'nuff said
a good bff would look past it and offer me a beer
not even close, Louisiana
Discussing last week's tent removal with : this is a UC camp us ha!
I have a really, really hard time forcing people to treat me the way I deserve.
Thrilled to see on selection committee for
If yuhr happy then I guess ill leave
a good reason to start making yogurt at home.
think I'll turn that milk in my fridge into another batch
The guys who founded Skype, Kazaa, and the illfated video site Joost are behind a new music subscription service, Rdio.
we will let you make your own affogato
Who loves you, baby?
RT : Thanks for the shoutout!
My daughter and I will be there tonight!!
Hook it up so we can see you for a minute, please!!
:
RT for the chance to win a complimentary ASHASpa massage!
NCL Announce Biggest Sale Reduced Deposit, Free upgrades, Free onboard credit!
Details Jackie 9545144413 Please RT!
what's up D?
Thank you for being better at my job than I am!
First ask yourself: What is the worst that can happen?
Then prepare to accept it.
Then proceed to improve on the worst.
I'm on the West Coast so it's even more fun to get the snarky preview.
Love it!
lol.
can't sleep?
One thing I learned from Aikido, everyone falls down but it's about learning how to fall to get up fast.
: When I have childoctorn, I'm gonna make them whatch the movie 2012.
And tell them I survived that like a boss.
WHAT U KNOW ABOUT THE YANKEES LOL JK THATS MY TEAM BUT OFCOURSE I LOVE OUR VERY OWN ROCKIES ASWELL:
I ask because those seem solvable, while usability is difficult and usually terrible.
On tonight's How the Beatles Rocked the Kremlin, find out how they changed Soviet fans' lives and gave them hope.
On MPTV 36 at 9PM.
World Comedy Club Tonight!
8:30pm, 10:30pm , , Get Comedy Tickets here
Faith makes things possible, not easy.
3
super chill going home this weekend
unfortunately no, I am traveling thru the weekend
holy smokes its freezing in rochester.
is your hometown cold?
haha I dunno know about that!
But thank you!
Heck yes!
Be like That one guy with a flying rug and get here in like 5 seconds.
Cocoa beach pier 
no silly!
The next one
Yesterday: phonecall 'Hi we'd like to shoot you in Texas!' ...Pardon?
Today: flying to Dallas to film for Discovery's 'Fatal Encounters' :
just want some of those peanut butter cookies...
:
I would hate haters, but that would make me a hater too.
Beer pong and shots with my boys!
Phil's RiverRatCounseling is great!
Charles Musser thanks for all his hard work setting up this conference.
We second that!
Thanks, Dan.

personally, I like the datalog, patternmatching query language, not unlike SPARQL, and the peered, journaled triples model.
lmao yes  our invention to make titanic as a roller coaster lol
start saving up your money , NOW  so i will i ;  does your sister want anything ?
cx
There are only 2 reasons why people can hurt you.
1.
You really care about them 2.
They don't care about you
okay okay, okay okay, you will never stop it now.
lol I know you did that's why I did it
Thanks!
I'm not going.
Ted Leo is playing at Case that night and I can't miss him.
Worst day I've had in awhile
We are starting her in swim lessons in June she will be 10months old  Hopefully it becomes a great  of hers!
It's bizarre how many more antiMuslim tweets I get than antigay or antiatheist ones.
Ha!
I've 33 more to eatdoctornk.
You're welcome to join.
Crabs, cupcakes, sushi, octopus, pizza more are still on the list.
is here and is fabulous!
She has organized this whole event and everything looks amazing :
Hockey fans, follow for live updates from today's Bruins Islanders game at the TD Garden!
I hope so!
Are you definitely going home for the summer?
yes please!
what time?
so happy....you made my day!
SalesTruth RT : It's YOU that clients connect with.
That's your real competitive edge.
Kobe fuckin wade up...fuck the heat
theyre so much fakes!
im reporting all the fakes!
True, we can all learn a thing from even me.
LOL

Love DontBeTardy for the Wedding!
Hippies on Venice Beach.
I love it there.
You've become one.
lol Go to Hal's, my favorite spot there to eat.
pretty freaking scary!
I miss y'all little niggas too !
Freddie Riley is trying to make this a memorable night.
Junior has an NBA 3 and a hugeonehand jam.
Kenney: Cornell Lib just hit 50 of acq as Eresources.
Half goes to just 3 publishers that put out 42 of scholarly journals.
what's with you and doing fun things on tuesday nights?
I am tired of having the elite managed a sinking ship.
The rats are bailing
We're all born for a reason.
The journey in life is to find that reason.
No matter where you are, know that my love is never far Np Lyfe Jennings, I Will Always Love You
Nice shot.
I just lost myself for an hour in that website.
Post a positive comment there and we will give you a double chance at winning the 100 GC to Braddock's at our event!
doup!!
crash confirmed: FairfaxPike both directions at I81  police should clear it shortly VATraffic ;
yeah man i did :
While her clothes are still on, one of the most intimate places you can lay some kisses is along her collarbone.
sextip
shout out!
According to doctor Trent segregation in cities has returned to levels reached in 1968.
He cited PG County.
Made my whole week!
Thanks  good luck.
We hope you think so!
RT : Be prepared.
Before an important meeting, do your homework.
No job, poor health and soon to be homeless.
Long since lost the will to give a shit.
doctorNK!
hearing my daughter sing her graduation song lets me know its time for voice lessons.
she writes and loves to sing.
artist in the making.
: Here at ImagineRIT2012 with rockin outside the Field House from 10Noon.
Gift cards, shirts, and prizes.
Some US cities have more misters than entire provinces in Canada.
I do miss my house.
Two celebrations of life this weekend too, one for a friend so pretty sad.
Whose going to see Mayday Parade tonight?
We'll be there!
Come hang :
I am taping it on my dvr.
I cannot believe this is the end :
rumor is he might be in the UK section tonight.
Wouldn't that be just perfect?
maker just seems like a cooption of the term hacker in a trademarkable way.
Oh, I have PLANS for you and me.
PLANS.
And I'll email them to you.
Census data shows that Detroit's population at 713,000  lowest since 1910.
Mayor's initiatives even more urgent now.
Why?
: The U.S.
exported more gasoline, diesel and other fuels than it imported in 2011 for the first time since 1949.
Former President Bill Clinton in DC next Friday.
Stay tuned for more details!
follow back ?????
: would make my night :
where do you work ?
trick question, ditka!
Thanks for the shout out!
Ok, so now I am awake....
It's mardi GRAS!
I took yesterday off, I got much needed sleep now I'm ready 2 play again!
I wish my girlfriend wasn't in Illinois..
It's like you disgust me and I feel like I'm talking to my uncle eeeeww
I hear 70,000 others agree.
with jenn, discovering the joys of twitter
Hey!
You guys need to tour again really soon...I miss you guys /3
Proud to say I picked out Ralph Fiennes in Schindler's List, even with a nose.
doctorw Breeeees!!!!
NFL Single passing leader saintssuperbowl.
Yup I said it
FUCK MY LIFE :
I was at that event..
must have been outside smoking !
but that was sad!!
Didn't KimKardashian just get back from her honeymoon?
Didn't I just watch their wedding on tv?
what a waste
Monday and Tuesday so far
Love got harder to find, every since lust became easier to fulfill.
I didn't wanna work in fast food but I'm thinking about it, they give way more hours the retail
: JustinTimberlake says he looked like a moron during his NSync days.
LOL they were all quite...
interesting!
We often take for granted the people that love us most unintentionally.
if I would I could!!
Love is when you find someone better, yet you stay with the same person you promised to spend forever with.
Four Horsemen are Hall of Fame Bound
np it would be you by Trey Songz
Happy Friday!
Watch for your Valpak envelope in homes next week...Save!
Save!
Save!

Thanks for the follow.
Here's my gift to you today, up to 80 off at restaurants.com use the code Sun thru 713
It's pronounced Miliwakay, which means, The Good Land.
RT : Why do sports in Milwaukee exist?
: Life with you makes perfect sense, you're my best friend.
Tim McGraw 
this was a kid who wasn't affiliated with OSU until he said he'd go.
he's a HS kid, OSU has no jurisdiction over him
we r lucky not to have formal obsrvns, but our principal does doctorp ins.
We do a self directed appraisal system.
MOM, THANKS FOR LETTING ME STAY UP TO WATCH THIS GAME.
6am workout tomorrow morning
okay well I'll let you know of you can room with me or not!
Late to the game seeing your tweet about this, but I've been feeling the same way lately.
Its gotten so bad I can't even write!
a relationship is just too much for me at the moment
Just saw Trillin in NYC last night!
He quoted Richler!
That event on postRichler satire sounds great.
send over a link bro so I can check it out.
I wanna hear it!
You can only be free if I am free.
Clarence Darrow

Eat USwirl!
; RT Excessive heat warnings today!
Please doctornk plenty of water and take frequent breaks when outdoors.
Today marks my one year anniv' w/ Got to meet  more.
you will always be the bf from Don't Tell Mom the Babysitters Dead.
But I love me some WIll Gardner from
nobody's forced to do anything that's a talent, everyone can't do hair ,but everyone can say they out here grinding hard
I'm following the next 10 who follows !!!
Just joined the iPad revolution.
it would be hard to shift them out entirely.
Q4.
so not fair I wish I could stay home!!!
Maybe ill act sick ;
Phoenix Bats
D'oh!..
Damn..
I got Lotion..
On my doctorss Pants..
Oop's was I to say this Out Load?
Just had my abs handed to me.
Thanks Ab Ripper X2.
xoxo, sore and sleepy.
It would be wise to have your vehicle checked out by a knowledgeable mechanic if it was overheating recently.
Merry Christmas to all
Don't let the bastards get you down.
Move on.
The last thing a bastard wants is to be forgotten.
hey i'm just a kid who likes your music and it would mean a lot to me if you followed me thanks
I can hear from 4 states away
no problem.
Keep up the good work and thinking deeply.

Spanish PM Rajoy rules out a bailout Soros' solutions for Europe  Today's agendaLive blogging now: Julia Kol..
Ill do anything to sleep with my bf right now
i haven't heard the greatest reviews of that stuff.
I do like strong though.
Or maybe GDP is a meaningless statistic?
Prepping for my shoot on Sunday for Current TV..
This teleprompter business should be pretty interesting!
grenade launcher for CS gas.
morning already...
time goes by when you're having fun....
off to make breakfest for ALL THE TEENS....EXPRESSO TIME!!!!!!!!
If I said it then the shits true!
Music and art may soon join languages on the endangered list at Pennsylvania elementary schools
Bahahahaha that's hilarious...
I might be gone today..
fighting a case of food poisoning right now lol
Connecticut Department of Correction investigates death of Bridgeport inmate
follow our personal accounts!
and !
k thanks :
your welcome doll!you made my day today..I will be sending you an email later today:
14  The percent of Illinois' population without health insurance in 2009.
The national average: 17.
When people talk behind ur back, don't mind them.
You gotta be in front of them for them to talk behind ur back.
They're both delicious.
OH MY GOSH.
SUNDAY.....YES SUNDAY I GET TO SEE YOUR LOVELY FACE...
3
til theres nothing left standing, nothing left of yesterday, every tearsoaked whiskey memory blown away
stop it.
Your making my butthole clench LOL
I FEEL LIKE A SINGLE FISH IN AN OCEAN SIZED TANK...
A BIRD WITH NO WINGS I DIAMOND WITH NO BLING
ur a bit late hun xP
People are really showing they ass today
You Kno I Will
Jonny Evans wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Spent the last two evenings retuning my bike gears since Performance Bike is apparently incapable of doing it.
Caple's Bike shop now open.
Fresh cut...Yessir
250 I'll reply after I shower.
I wanna talk.
Good looks and a bad attitude don't mix.
Stop being so bitter.
Rocked quiz section today with a one two knowledge punch.
Thanks David.
Good luck to you..
STaylor in touch.
Proper treatment lies in identifying the type of UI the patient suffers from, as treatment therapies applied to each are very different
Favorite place to watch a Badger football game?
RT your favorite to
New happiest moment of your life?
Hahaha :
Well, I've probably talked your ear off.
Why is there a cop sitting in front of my house....
Getting my hair did!!
;
I'm so swagerific
Happy mayday everyone!
what cleanse do u suggest
Yep, it's made with bits of real panther, so you know it's good.
No.
But when I got to ColdStone she had texted me with 'Text me when you're on your way back' Are you fucking kidding me?
i write not so that i can teach you, but rather so that you can learn from yourself.
Things have been busy lately.
It seems as though a lot of people like to start entirely fresh by cleaning their hard doctorve.
Let us do it!
i love you guys!!
Its official.
Ive gotten to that point where I can say, with confidence, that I am too old for certain types of bars.
got my money for my english book , it was so needed...
TACO BELL hit the spot :
Never heard of sugru, I'm intrigued now.
Tuning in to ArtHour.
Interesting convo
I'm gonna memorize rap in feat look at me now
I feel like theres still bitches that owe me sex.
Mayneeeeee TheEmpire boy : Y'all ready for some good music maaayneee ?
Oh Eric Bledsoe will you marry me???
Haha he is fine!
And he ballin for the Clippers !!!
WeWontWork if you can't trust me .
Me and Rick always arguing like a old ass married couple lmao smh
New on cask is two from Doggystyle Pale Ale and the FEAR.
Swing by tonight at 7 and go home with a glass
Happy birthday to my oldest.
12yrs old today.
Don't know yet, but something like that seems logical.
May 26, June 23, and July 7 all in Vegas would be over saturation.
I wish I had ADHD so I could take some Adderall to help me concentrate.
fixed my data dilemma, just had to turn it on
thank you.
Honored by my company on the list and the inclusion.
I don't Give a Damn about the FCC!
Twitter Late Night!!!
is not ok
Good Morning Fans!
Thanks for the follow backs!
We are already open at Coronado Center and Cottonwood Mall!
Visit us today!
Senior Joe?!
Are you prepared?
It's the first day of hurricane season!
And the National Hurricane Center Predicts Above Average 2011 Season.
Yeah!
happy to hear you're stoked about a potential editathon :D
Well first of all, he's a snuggler.
14 year old diabetic named Jack describing his diabetic service dog Roger.
Love it!
sight reading on gtr  read anything and everything: nice way tog et close to peices you would not play in public on gtr.
but love
Have a Merry International IPA Day!
is having an event to celebrate today....go!
Me walking around Target..little girl says, MOM LOOK AT HER HAIR!!
Wow.
Ariel!!!
Hahaha omg x
Reggie McKenzie has shown he has no class in firing Hue Jackson after only one year as coach.
Raiders beware of his gutting!
its going to take massive amounts of self control so i dont flip a lid tomorrow
I dunno !
It depends , but like I'm saying since you wanna goo and I doo, we sshouuld get the ticketss togeder, u know
Sure :D
Big s/o to , last night was just great!
I love my church.
do you think its true???
uhm puppy chow!
or idk anything just bring something.
anything.
That the best man for the job is getting a much needed endorsement.
We need a statesman, not a tea party lap dog.
Thanks Kate.
Have a great weekend!
hey gang!
Without SOTG2011 we are at jazz.
Will it rain on the mall tonight!?
Not everyone that comes into your life has an expiry date, some people will love you enough to stay.
I don't know!
How have I not seen this yet?
This time Rosario blogged guide of aspiration
not sure if this is a serious question...
Fear God, not them
I like that RT : Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out
Got to sleep in D now to get ready for my new second job!
First official day!
LB WHERE YOU !
;P
That girl that was with roc in hello is on ABDC she got her own crew that wassup!!!!
:
we got the same last name lml :
Me too!
oh dear...did you get any response emails though?
lol
getting sleepy..
gotta finish this paper though..
then tomorrow another 6 hours at school / and its barely the 1st week!
That secret Beasties show at the Bottom of the Hill?
One of the greatest.
brutal south TX bias...
Congrats to Tiger Woods on taking his first win in 2 years!
REMINDER: Lost and Found Reception Starkweather Arts Center this FRIDAY FROM 68PM

Katy Perry is the only thing I can play semicompetently.
I don't really know what the originals sound like, so that helps.
Watching BigBangTheory.
Sheldon, Live Long and suck it Zachary Quinto.
Nothin is sweeter than summertime and breakfast Childoctorn's Hospital : enjoy!
at a Texas Democratic party dinner.

Thanks for following!
:
Can't wait till 3:15
Rest assured your site works perfectly!
We just cheated to make the thumb.
You rule!
Watching the Big Idea!
The New Art of Selling seems to be the topic for tonight.
Donny's show really inspires me!
Oh  I'm still working!
Welcome back from April Break!
Hope everyone had a restful week.
eggs, milk, T.P., hair product.
My pleasure Elli!!
I want a Starbucks brownie...
Everyone like us on facebook www.facebook.com/jenfek
There's not a thing in the world wrong with that.
Believe me.
I know.
It actually makes lots of sense.
Follow your heart, always
Lmao RT : I want flip phone just to pull it out on niggas I feel are boosty....
Joe Marillo will be playing tonight from 7pm to 9pm!
Live Jazz at Enoteca!
All i know is i dont know how to be something you miss
new I don't have to do that.

Hey do You have Facebook Or Messenger .?????
hey girly!
U going to prom?
1 of the best ways to get a girls attention...hav a big umbrella on a rainy day!!
Insanity starts in 4 days, hope I can walk after the first day.
I tweeted watching Aladdin before if was a TT wut now
smirks Amen, sister!
I like the new logo
one day y realize you're a hater ;
That person you can be weird with
You really shouldn't give up your doctoram.
Cause you are giving up something that is possible.
Ah, finally back home.
Feels nice to be bac on the doctorsser : haha
Im at Century 14  5 minutes to
you don't have a fone?
beehive in Boston is nice.
But I agree with Join us at Coops in quincy
I've got 2 hours before my health insurance runs out.
I need to make some bad decisions very quickly
My pleasure
No matter what time it is wawa is always the best.
hey Austin!when's new merch gonna be sold?xoxo
he's my favorite : crying cause colton went home :'
I'm justin bieber meets jadakiss  yes That is exactly how I describe myself too.
So then I go to uni  I learn the system.
I learn that ppl are suppose to want tenure  make sacrifices.
Well i'm just happy you have recovered and is here to tweet and walk the earth
describe your semen.
is it chunky, smooth, translucent, milky white, watery , gooey, or all of the above?
no problem ur good
peep the project from my producer download from www.odmusic.com super fire sh!t dun dun.
Be in the know
imabelieberbecause he helped me in the worse moments of my life.
He gives me hope.
And he cares and loves all of his fans.
Conversation moves into comics.
Peloff gives a shout out to Persepolis.
Thanks, Anna!
no problem.
when i see the schedule ill tweet out the link to everyone
Light a nice one up n hit the buffet
Yay!!!
Just talked to :.
She's gonna judge me.
We just got off the phone like 25 secs ago lol
I guess I should find a Devils writer, too.
And a Coyotes writer.
Those would be nice to get before their seasons end.
bombay got alotta proof
i'll just cuddle with my comforter instead.
okay!
TheLuckyOne is the girl that gets to be doctorKE's lady 
Beer Brats Tailgating Brewers all the the best things in life
and in my opinion are the best couple in the competition.!
you guys are wining, thats it!
CIA Archives: School for Danger  French Resistance During WWII
Thanks for the follow and glad you like Rosendale!
Another day another dollar
For me, there is only one of you and no one can ever replace you.
Mandatory Homosexual Rant: Our music playlists are the life of the party.
Have we promised not to make noise?
Official end of era as Blazers waive Brandon Roy via Amnesty Clause, which allows signing of an old Roy pal, Jamal Crawford.
Can you help?
RT : I need a good handout for helping students read/understand scholarly articles.
HALP!
Somebody come bring me food.
I'd like that.
haha I'll try to take better care of it than I did my leg!
My nigha I'm tired, tired tired.
I'm unashamed, I'm gonna show my scar.
: i'm not supposed to be within 50 feet of a school......or a chucky cheese.
it was pioneering in a legal sense if nothing else.
Don't be silly, the only Nirvana that exists is off their baby penis album.
Nobody listens to In Utero.
If you use the word tits, especially around a woman, you are a dirtbag.
Also, saying tits instead of cool or awesome is way lame.
When you are in love you can't fall asleep because reality is better than your doctorams.
doctor Seuss
SEM is just another way of saying make money using Google.
Yahoo!
and Bing barely come up in these presentations.
But of course; what a stellar birthdayset...
Rest assured, you reign atop the myfavoritememphian list!
Happy Anniversary!
lp
Go ahead, Turn the Key...
At the lincoln park zoo.
I just wrote you on 'fb' ..
and its really important please respond when/if you get the chance .
kentucky had a scare against the auburn tigers but have pulled away and win by 15.
I STARTED WATCHING IT ITS MY NEW FAVORITE SHOW EVER
;; hard to explain
take a listen to Over You by Graffiti6
Headache like no other 
This year's Lilac Festival started off with perfect weather and lots of blooms.
I spent a couple of hours there and had fun.
Yo Oprea!
Not Wonderbread.
Been a big fan of you and your popularity ranking.
RT for your biggest fan?
There's a young Latina in my HS sophomore class whose sister goes to ; glad Obama made shout out to Latinas
ThatAwkwardMomentWhen expect a full course meal and it never shows up...
I'm going to grow a mustache until I get to Seattle.
Ah!
I forgot my ipad!!!
whats that mean?
I never teach my pupils.
I only attempt to provide the conditions in which they can learn.
Albert Einstein
these sweet potato pop chips taste like coconut macaroons in my mouf.
I could use some olive garden!
my people?
My ancestors came over post slavery and immigrated 2 the north.Slavery from 6 generations ago is no longer a crutch
: Don't feel your way into your commitments; COMMIT your way into your FEELINGS!
loveliferehab sunday at Church!
: My fave new shirt.
Follow and tweet a pic to them w/ SahelNOW in it.
We'll make 1 my icon for a day.
mudmelt Taylor used iPhone for her fantastic photos!
hahahaha he had a mini cooper when we were there one time.
I pray that was his wife's or something....
Doing the social media thing for the Secure360 Conference this year.
Twitpic out of date, go to myspace/massiverocketradio for a flyer for tonight benefit for the Haiti disaster benefit 210 to Haiti
Congratz my dude
Ok now I need a girls name for my story
2 big wins in goal tonight : 92 in the first game, 42 win in shootout for the second.
Still alive in playoffs
And somehow I just knew I was gunna spill coffee all over myself today...
Selena Gomez  A Year Without Rain.
haha well played
I'm in need of human contact.
Please follow me i Follow u back .
:D
heard it?
Having rapturous brunch  Elvis waffle w/baconbananapb.
Prep for
Definitely hit a new high with the  of expletives it took me to get out of that parking lot.
what's upp!!
thanks love, but we miss you and please keep in touch
EBLASTING SUCCESS: We all luv email blasts to get the word out!
So make sure you have the right look  language in order to have impact.
My dog has a milk stash :
a truly refreshing and at the same time, hard truth.
Niall's accent in Moments...
CanIHaveAnIrishLad ?
Heads up MW2012 the security line at the airport this morning is long and chaotic...
i'm so exhausted.
Took over two hours to get home tonight; time for some dinner!
oh hay welcome to the twitta world bitch
RT : Why limit Earth day to 1 day?
Get a free cone TODAY when you bring in a picture of your recycling bin
that does not surprise me.
I don't think that I have ever clicked on a facebook add.
find something offthebeaten, culture, and food in a travel destination.
also check discussion traveltuesdays for ideas
Happy Easter everyone!
Getting ready for practice in a few mins.Check the next tweet for a pik of my opponents chest after last nights match
for some reason I do not like this!!
I feel like he's out 2 take Kentucky down, more now then ever!!
Yeah, Warren!
Could you please prevent Skip from talking NBA basketball.
His lack of knowledge infuriates me.
Slap him, too.
are you serious?!
Omg that's awesome!
Is is warm there?
yeah, lots of happy people.
Peace on your pillow  NightHugs :D
come home soooonn!!
we'll hang out!
ps cause I know I'm impt in the going away calculations :
EveryoneHasThat1Friend that you wonder how yall are friends
thanks u :
anytimee let's get doctornkk when my patna makes his medford return
Printing music, printing music, la la la la lala la!
today was a good writing day.
Finally a breakthrough from days of sweat:
This golf tournament is unbelievable!
Phil makes a huge birdie putt then Keegan doctorins his!
Who's gonna win this thing!?
We did the walk in Boston today  I still have donations coming in.
Is there a cut off for accepting them?
Anyone been following today?
Great example of how knowing your Sciencey shit allows you to distill info better
thank u so much!
lets get in touch for the next one :
whats up my man
Glad you are enjoying the event.
Yes we host events days, nights,  weekends.
Typically during the hours of 8ammidnight.
the horrible moment when i lose the nail clippers.
they're my life.
Welcome to Seattle!!!
Ditto!
RT : Websites and blogs with auto music annoy the shit out of me.
Girls that date there best friends ex I dont approve of that!
is gonna tell me one time that he loves that he lovees me
Facebook IPO: A look at who's selling shares in the social network  Washington Post
I just realized I really got my computer stolen:/
Sad.
RT You know what we need in this country?
To get less shit done in the senate  Indiana GOP logic
putting my retainer in for the first time in a month
SORRY THIS JUST PISSES ME OFF QUITTING LIFE IS UNACCEPTABLE !!!!
Wow my mama got rachet in church tonight.
Glad I made her laugh to make hee feel better
Just tapped Trestles
Morning tweethearts!!
So..it's Wednesday!
joy of joys..need more coffee..
oppo what a way to make a living...
And the Rockies season has started!
Let's go boys!!!
I'm not kidding.
I want a cookie.
ifiwereapet id be a monkey so i can be free n swing frm trees lol
There's a special place in hell reserved for those that try to board a subway before everyone has gotten off.
We're celebrating Halloween all weekend!
What are you this year?
FILL THE LOVE TODAY, AND OPEN AN ACCOUNT FOR SOMEONE SPECIAL IN YOUR LIFE!!
HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY!
i need to start recordin again
Awesome having you all out!
Come back soon!
that is awesome!
I hope your floor brings you hours of enjoyment!
You aint go tie me down
I just really hope there are no plans for a sequel.
Ninja turtles have taken over Basic Pizza!
Citizens Bank Park: Where players visit to hit their first home runs.
yeah, let us know how that works out!!
Happy thanksgiving i love you!
Come to wisconsin please :
Everyone, have a Happy New Year!
Be safe, be healthy, be happy, and be yourself.
Rock on my friends ...
V
idt i would out my middle name in their lol but yea sounds pretty legit!
I'd Google that for you, Chris, but I'm not an asshole :
A huge part of my life just ended, now on to new beginnings but still very hard!
Everybody that didnt show me love on my MF Bday!
FUCK U...
Cause I always show sum love..
So kiss my ass!
Just bought some new running shoes...
now all I need to do is actually run.
Sweets from a Stranger has mixed rep but did Squeeze release better album later?
Best songs: Points of View, His House, Elephant Ride.
Procrastination  productivity.
Except when it doesn't.
Anyone bringing it today?
RT  is my savior after Old Port shenanagins PortlandGirlProbs thankfully it's in walking distance from our house.
if you wanna party, lemme see you raise them red cups!!!
:
When someone asks me a stupid answer I seriously just want to smack them as hard as I can.
howcanyoubesodumb?
You thought I was just going to be easy when you asked me to be your accountability partner, you were wrong.....
4 wasted on this bitch !
Taking a limousine to bus stops today to give people free rides.
The random riders will also be my cohosts.
Airs Tues.
at 7 on KING 5.
I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying.
Oscar Wilde
Yea!
Haha!
The exact one!
Then will be also coming to Jersey!
Haha
Is anyone doing anything interesting?
I'm bored...entertain me clowns...
I'm sorry Llama World was a disappointment.
RT : No llamas.
Bummer.
I'd like to be the first one to predict that Miami wins the next two NBA titles Favorite this and marvel at it come 2013.
Then you probably shouldn't watch The One with the Cop Friends episode...
although I do find it quite amusing.
Cake cake cake cake cake cake CAKE CAKEE CAKE CAKE CAKE!
!!!
Doggy want the kitty!!!
LMAO n
The Caps are never going to score.
I'm unimpressed.
He might deliver a dandy, but they had the resources to get very ambitious, and they didn't.
Alright I'm dunzo.
My back hurts lol.
Oh and their chia seed muffins!
Though the quinoa scones were my fave
I did as soon as you told me.
Thanks for informing me :
Scrabble....
I'm not doin too good.
I can already tell tonight's gunna be one of those nights where I stay up late cause my mind won't stfu
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen SOMEDAY so NEVERSAYNEVER 61
Better be...OR THERE WILL BE CONSEQUENCES!
or something...
It's never too late.
Hope this finds you well.
California 1940census images online at
Thanks Paulie!
Happy Holidays to you too!
Glad you like the Rhoyia Hope Crozier tune!
Powerful, no doubt about it!
On my way to doctorpalcon!
Excited to learn and experience !
Nadal won in str8s and Federer lost a 5 setter.
Was rooting for Fed/Nadal final.
I must be bad luck for Fed cause he lost last 2 yrs I went
It was nice having a conversation with engaged adults who weren't incessantly checking their phones.
Congrats Rickie Fowler!
Reppin' the 951 today on the tour.
Awesome PGA win!
Just finished the game suck and blow
Sometimes you befriend a hot fetish model  chat on  off for 2 years.
Then when she mentions on fetlife she's going poly, you get a date.
going to try it tonight at Horseshoe casino in Cleveland
hahaha!
Last night I just went to the movies and stayed up talking with old friends!
It's only one game!
Thanks refs!
Elie Wiesel: Elie Wiesel Quote of the Day: Do I have the right to represent the multitudes who have perished?
Do I have the right..
I say the right things, but act the wrong way...
that whole record is fucking rocking.
Off the mutha fuckin' chains!
nice, real nice
my ovaries are on fire.
My wife got shoe spam!
Thank god.
She was having serious left out issues.
shoe spam support groups
Plus im buying a new car this summer..grown up life sucks.
My fav meal is Funyuns w/ a Fruit Punch Brisk...
Judkins Carpet we carpet mill direct!
professorssional Installation on Commercial and Residential at prices you can afford
ouch , stomachache .
midnight .
neversleeps
ThingsThatIWantToHappen get a tan ASAP!
Good morning Columbus dancers!
Remember that salsa dance workshops with start today at 1pm at La Fogata.
See you there!
EXACTLY MY POINT.
I've just stopped tolerating consumerhostility: obtrusive doctor, nags, etc.
means no sale.
I'll work on my queue instead
hey trevey!
long time when's coffee?
Engage the user/customer.
Again...
Hope others are listening.
just wait and see what I gotz on SBK.
not even at all?
I am a big fan of Brown's character and his athleticism.
He can pass, hit and punt and is the kind of versatile athlete the Badgers covet
This one was really something else.
Very small production, though.
Only 350 cases, but still under 30 a bottle.
Phenomenal.
sorry to hear that :/
where did 's brain go?
boiling butter in the microwave and now she put it into the freezer?
Thanks.
I'll be ok, just upset right now.
When you find an inventory of a laborer and his potentially prostitute wife, that gets you a job right?
Someone will just give me one?
oh my girl it is awesome there is 4 parks with rollercosters and rides and even some for younger ones it is fun

I think Obama has grants if you want to go back.
I have some free time.
Come by the office?
It's doctorving me crazy, just being in the dark.
While comics are stumbling from one overhyped event to another, the animated shows take a more classic storytelling approach.
Ensure the safety of your childoctorn at home.
Install an alarm system today!
8777602143 Serving ALL of Louisiana
Thanks Curtis
Everyday on my grid
HappyMothersDay to all da moms and future moms out there!!!
Sumone made me realize dat even tho it aint of u yet, u still a mom!
Tech is so cool!
While heading to the gym in Ohio.
I talked to my brother who just ran along the Danube River.
My 11 yr old son told me he n his friends got shot at playing at the park over a month ago...He was scared, not knowing what I would do!
I Dont Know What The Hell I Would Do Without Her
O do you have a shiba inu?
YEAH!
Normal People: .....
Me: YEAH 1, 2, 3, 4, SOON AS YOU WALK THROUGH THE DOOR!
Site Shout Out: Delgado Community College in NewOrleans helps students file their taxes, get benefits, legal and financial counseling...
hackathon project?
create utility 2map how tweet go thru dictionary  lead to influence topics  if only I cld code :
just microconf for me.
: Enormous Bruins banner being crowdsurfed through lower bowl right now.
It's almost game time here at TD Garden.
Go Caps!
where the hell did you land, Bozeman?
Cancel the referral request.
My seamstress has decided to fit me in....yes!
She made the doctorss!
I hate when I'm tired and my mind decides to think about every fucking thing going on in my life.
Im jealous.
Stop.
hahaha

Ihave a white controller , and a white controller ....
there gonna make pink oh austin 3 lol
they be at warped tour this summer.
D
how cool would it be to be able to click on a photo from a site like Monticello and select it to be one's avatar?
nifty idea!
wakin up with every mornin till the party will be missed.
ty 4 an amazing and unforgetable weekend
Joe Biden is great.
He's the gravitas of Al Gore with the inappropriateness of Dan Quayl.
Shaken not stirred.
The Riverside gives a standing ovation.
Well deserved!
Feet hurt , just about to talk to him 3 28
Goodbye Indiana.
See you in three and a half months.
lol I know u are mate
.
took the words right out of my mouth.
I actually started out in the archives track, but have switched to general.
hijinks AND doctornks, yes please!
What's everyone doing tonight in Downtown Philadelphia after ALAPLA opening?
Today is the pupil of yesterday.
Larry39;s Lucky Locals!
Every Tuesday get 5 U Call It all night long at the Hustler Club!100 Buckets of Champagne!Don39;t miss it!
Happy to see G Road Alum John Wall.
For those that don't know he played from 10U  16U.
Come check his banner hanging in gym.
Ok how im getting to I.U.P
wearing pajama pants during the day tells me that you neglected to use a wash rag and soap before leaving the house
I think Rachel Maddow owes Prez an apology.
She attacked him pretty aggressively for his first two years.
didn't see my homie at this fest.
Maybe the next one.
This is a battle of wits...unfortunately, you're only half prepared.
as much soul as she put in informing us of what's in the new chicken wrap, she better had...
Lmao...
I never thought I'd say it but Glee needs to go away!
I wish my sweaters were more ironic.
just goes to prove how insane my weekend was hahah
subtweeting is being passiveaggressive which is even more annoying.
I say, are the worth arguing with if not, unfollow
be sure to check out sports illustrated article on 49ers QB  San Diego native Alex Smith.
Nice work Jim.
ANY kind of communication would have been great in
I JUST....
THIS IS ONLY THE FIRST WEEK OF THEIR SUMMER VACATION AND LOOK AT EVERYTHING WE'VE GOTTEN...
I JUST CANNOT.
I SERIOUSLY CANNOT.
lmao I used to fantasy doctorft everytime too.
Cuz I figured I couldnt win a super bowl with the real team.
Been away working with clients and oh so excited about these upcoming projects.
My Niggas Trapping Just To Pay The Bills
Sounds awesome!
Thx!
: We invite u 2 Sparkys Roadside BBQ on 204 NE 1st St.
Gr8 service  delicious food!
sweet, I will have to start watching it then
Much more from what Orioles are saying on start and moves on Baltimore Baseball tonight.
Myself, Haynie  at 6.
Thank you!
: dear slim, i doctornk a fifth of vodka, dare me to doctorve?
u won't do it no balls.
hmm, good question.
Woman?
Calipers?
What sites?
Lebron with another MVP award baby.
Fuck everyone who said it wasn't gonna happen ever again
Today is the day I wrestle my todo list to the ground and punch it in its FACE.
you so much!
hi, how are you?
Nicolas Batum is a gametime decision tonight vs.
Houston.
should I be this excited tl go jome after work and download Thewalkingdead game ?
Im pumped !
you needed an article to confirm I'm a good guy???
McBain will win in the smirkoff round!
Is the public market open in the winter?
I feel stupid for not knowing this being a city dweller!
: you missed at the party tonight haha wait what?
Thanks for the TOTD !
You rock!
: how are things man?
When are you joining us on radio?everything alright bro.
What time r u guys on?
Students needed no help seeing resonance of Chesnutt's 1898: veiling white crime, fabricating blck criminality.
Follow Friday!
My new favorite cubist/absurdist twitter feed:
your welcome!
Just saw the security report for last night.
Guess we caught people screwing in the coat closet and the parking lot.
Lol
thanks for having me!
Don't be jealous
round two of vegetarianism begins today...
BREAKOUT WATCH!!!...
FBCD EPTI get it
Bill Cunningham is an incredible man.
I loved watching his documentary on netflix.
3
Yes, grape jolly ranchers are very very good for you :
I don't think Indiana State is going to work out after all.
Just switched to Bing as my default search tool in Firefox...Unbelievable how Microsoft pulled that off ;
thatawkwardmoment when your cheesy pickup lines fail to impress
This summer is gonna rule.
Warped and Scream it like you mean it tour.
I'D LIKE TO THANK NOT ONLY GOD BUT JESUS!!1!
M,idk.
You still havnt givin me my P.E shorts .
just keep on texting me instead until you fall asleep..
Would've been more romantic if the whole calling situation worked
I can forgive pretty much anyone...except you
is visiting AeroDef in CA to see if it is a good fit for to exhibit in next year
Headed to a kids yoga camp w and Spiritual Gangster, Terri Cooper!
No more braces asdfghjkl
How did we go from late night 'I love you more' fights to pretending the other person doesn't exist?
We Are So Blessed
tell me it's not like the spiketv show...
this nigga need to stick to sports
i have always been in lovee with her, haha
Nothing feels better than black top and yellow line in front of you for hours on end.
Be sure to follow all our SmartShoppers on Twitter!
, , and want to hear from you!
Looking for a speaker to addoctorss social media  marketing in any business or industry?
We can help.
oh yes so much more lol
That's a little harsh.
The alcoholism and handoff to Rhodey changed comics.
new single SCARED MONEY ft now available on
I can't see your tweets without singing Bohemian Rhapsody in my head now.
What did you do today to prepare?
My apologies for blowing up simple Twitter mention bit too much.
Pulled from blog post.
Anyway, your husband's great.
Go M's.
I have all my finals the last week of school kms
long rides in the tractor with daddy in the summer and combine in the fall.
Nothing better.
u be Lyin smh u dnt txt me or nun
Let us know how your conversation with AAP  turns out
are your jeans too tight?
I cant wait till my delivery I ordered arrived God I'm so excited I can hardly breath
: looking forward to it!
Heading to a church in Lebanon to train 30 willing volunteers.
Thankful for for caring.
IU East basketball takes on IUPUI tonight  7 check out Radiotroy.com for the call
Hey ROC did you see today's ??
Kodak PlaySport Video Camera at a GREAT deal  GO FOR IT!!
Off to play with the BS Brass on Kankakee!
Happy Cinco everybody!
I am looking forward to this weekend!
Crawfish boil  lots of beer!
please help spread the word and stop kony
Your description of your Cubs fandom is true of many, many, many Cubs fans!
The Cubs have more social fans than any MLB team
nothing created without experimentation can be called either science or
feell like butt...i'm not going to school 2marrow...
: /3 wah'
the mornings we don't go to the gym I struggle to get ready.
Can't wait for gym time tomorrow!
That's great :R u doing running start?
You'll have tons of fun...
Especially with dance team!!
How'd your captainin interview go?
sorry off today :
Listening to Boyfriend by 33
Focus on the quality of life.
Add life to your years and then years will be added to your life.
:
Releasing Peyton is definitely the riskier move.
Indy has no control over where Peyton will end up.
HOU we have a problem!!
Hi Jason, we can help resolve this issue for you.
I just sent you mail.
I'm good!
How are things on your end?
Congrats on your year anniversary at PBS btw
I have No Friends ill admit that .
All GSA vehicles are required to use only green oil as of Jan, 2012
I cut my thumb earlier.
Its burns
take that shit off bend over let me see it!
Hey Nice to meet you.
and could you please send me a link from your show tomorrow and i sent you precise single it's on me
Off to Albuquerquemy first visit therefor aicmtg2012 Looking forward to the seeing all my Conservator friends and Stuart Welch from CXD!
Whatever else she may or may not be, Rachel Uchitel is certainly no shrinking violet.
Why am I being so honest with you?
Well, you know my biggest secret: that I like you.
What else should I hide.
Picture clear as day
Wondering how John Cusack can be so good in The Raven and Hot Tub Time Machine
iOS 5: downloaded.
iPhone 4: updated.
Especially today, I'm glad I don't own a blackberry.
I dig it
I'm Not Who I Used To Be God Knws I Better Than Before
Screw you, Doan!
You are the Greatest Female Rapper Alive and the Queen of Pop!
Damn I Love You!
Its 1:26am...
WHY AM I STILL AWAKE?!
Oh thats right...
Cause I have else nothing better to do...
Talk to me people!!!!
OMG its so gorgeousee x
RIP Dick Clark.
newyears will never be the same
If a P.O.
from Compton can make over 100k so can I!
Are you coming to Phillips this weekend?
:
I'm still stuck on these 70's Rush albums.
There's so many of them and so far they are all good.
I keep coming back to A Farewell To Kings
stop thinking RT : Was thinking first person to hide wallet in shoes while swimming: Genius.
Every person after that: Not so much
I really want a tele, I would rock the shit outta that guitar haha
Lol.
You need to hustle boo.
Looking forward to Mom visiting me and my sister in Atlanta in 2 weeks.
That Red Velvet Cake she makes so GOOD is calling me!!
feels that the like feature on Facebook is meek.
Seriously?
In a word, Meh.
I don't, I'll check it out!
We just finished the 1st season.
Awesome show.
its str8 boring at times tho
Clear helmet to helmet on White therebut, Joe Buck said he hit him in the shoulder, so it must have been.
hey follow us on twitter please !!!!!!!!!'

yes, we do get what we pay 4.
A high quality of life w/ a high price 4 gas.
I'll gladly take it.
;
Now Lauren Trapp motorola LTNY speaking to internal needs  process mapping, and change management.
Reinforcing new processes.
Deuce in the VIP room ya that's right
The chance of getting a cavity is higher if candy is eaten slowly throughout the day compare to eatin it all at once then brushin your teeth
me to girl c:
If you haven't requested Chuck Wicks on your local radio stations today, don't forget to do so!
This past weekend, I roadtripped a combined 15 hours to do improv for a combine two hours.
Worth it?
Thanks so much for the retweet!
protein shake, vitamins and email start my day along with scratches for Schatz
No, Sonny.
No.
Bracesproblem I got melted cheese stuck in my wires
TONIGHT!!!
Angry Young Men Ltd.
will be putting on their Full Frontal Puppetry variety show at Solstice Theatre!
Check 'em out!
SHOUTOUT to my boy  his AMAZING girl Hope u guys had an amazing weekend : cheers
In close reach!
:
Happy to assist and we'll look into putting a note on the site about the font variation.
Thanks!
In New York City this week for the AES convention!
and this is crazy
Lord knows I'm tired.
This double done damn near killed me today
follow me bitches!!!!
Senior prank was weak
: House fire in NE ABQ near Wyoming  Candelaria.
Crew on scene.
Don't get how you follow people who only have 7 followers and you won't follow others who have more
He doctornk the Kool Aid before I could work on him lives in Lawrence.
If I could only convert him into an ND fan
That is a lot of money!
Covers are important though.
thank you.
We had a great time at the conference
and exciting!
It means I'll be able to use it soon!
We dont know what its called yet, submit what YOU think it should be called and we will pick one of them to be the new song name
Sorry for silence, but have been traveling abroad.
Will return next week.
RT : my doctoram job would be being a realestate agent in NYC.
so perfect
hm, uhh, I like A LOT of genres but I mainly listen to soundtrack like 24/7 because I love movies, similarity haha
Daylight savings: my God, it sucked getting up this morning but it still being light out when I left work made it ok.
exactly, I win.
:
Need to be fucked.
I'll be in Tucson this weekend.
Hopefully I can have my holes used there.
DAMN!!
What a way to end the VMAs.
Downloading the album in half n hour.
That awkward moment when a five year old girl is prettier than you ..
and a dang good game!
Into hour 14.
Go Elite.
Go Blazers!
was more accurate.
orton is decent.
nothing more
Thank u RT : S/O to and the whole team!!
Grind hard and be blessed!!
Ross just donated 50, which makes him a Power Pal!
Thanks Ross!!
You're supercalifragilisticexpialiawesome!!!
What is your favorite Talking Heads record?
teams like Wisconsin are the reason they instituted the shot clock in college.
: Ear candling ...
Thoughts?
I've never tried it, but totally wanna!
Twittbot feed is not working so well with the new Twitter API.
Keep sending and I'll RT as I can!
gorgeous design aside, thanks for all your patience helping us get this baby live!
I have ideas flooding my head that I will start to write after the trip to Europe
While I'm at it: I need to get nominated by a member theatre to attend the conf, called model the movement.
uhm.
NLCHP live tweet on!
At kitchen table, where politicians say Americans go to make important decisions.
Trying to figure out how I am feeling this morning ...but I don't have any complaints!!!
Good Morning!
well all the good seats are sold out.
I don't want to be nosebleed for 100.
GA Idaho is 20.
Remind GOP to vote tomorrowCRUCIAL Supreme Court race.
Please remind Democrats that their votes must be cast in Illinois.
challenge for today: see how many people you can get to SMILE...just got 1.......total  5pm central
Just got to Vintage Ultra Lounge!!
I can't wait to see all my friends!!
Xxo
Just slept in.
Ready for a great day at the CCCNLC!
I adore
watching spit some strait fire on Alistradio.net
Nobody follows me after they said they would for following some chick

So what do the Polian departures mean for Indy?
Shameik Moore Live in studio about to doctorp his new single Show Out ft.
Shawty Lo on V103 w/ LilBankhead  call in 4047419833 Now...
and not to mention , tht was to get yu to tell the truth which never happens .
go to yur hill and die.
hahaha sure....if that's what you wanna call it ;
I wonder if I can get him to come and perform at my 8th grade dance 5252012
People turn innocent stuff like bananas and lollipops and NUMBERS into dirty stuff ;
who u stay with?
A bunch of damn kids from are messing up our shop and practicing the darks arts as I speak.
You sure will!
i get in the 21st and staying until the 31st!
RT : Trying to put tgther things to do in madison wi when it's raining...
ideas?
Cozy up  get ready for
CityStreak is giving away 4 tix to next week's CMT Music awards for the winner of this week's spontaneous CityStreak.
www.CityStreak.com
Thank you to Zero Hour on WMSE 91.7 FM for playing Dirty Girl today!
You can hear the song on our FB Band professorle.
Kobe and big ben heard it forever...prolly still do
definately  youl be hearing more soon i promise!
And I'm not sure that either metaphor makes sense.
It would appear that every one of my friends are at The Pixies or at home in sweats tonight.
When you ride with you never know what to expect.
Today had to other pros, one works a camera the other a down hill bike.
I dig.
Night guess ill talk to you tomarrow xoxo :
Thanks Michael, will check it out now.

Bonsallpalooza 2012 a benefit concert in SoCal to save the music at our school district BUSD
Forecast for Monday Night: Showers.
Lows in the lower 60s.
Southeast winds 5 to 10 mph.
Chance of rain near 100 percent.
caller id or Gtfo
Collaborating with our british brother S.O.
from Lamp mode records.
Should be sweet.
Preparing for Millbrook Community Day this weekend.
Hopefully the rain holds out!
Who's ready to sell some books?!
My bestest friend is here !!!!!
Picture books that childoctorn will relish: Extinct animals, pirates, cheeky dogs and an adventure in the back gard..
We made it!
Happy Friday!
Best part I'm taking today off.
:
Hey did you hear the rain and thunder and shit?
Just found out my Heat won!!!
And LeBron showed out again!!
it's a freebie for politicians to support popular teams, then spend our  to lure them for their political benefit
Only til like 5...but I don't really care about seeing Maroon 5 or Wiz and can always doctornk on my own.
She just wants to go all day
If you want respect you gotta earn it It's crazy most people they never learned it
Why would someone choose to be a Monster, when they could be a Barb?
Mad Men has returned!
What did you think of the season premiere last night?
iFOLLOWyou TeamFollowBack Blessings  Thanks for the follow.
ALL MY LOVE!
Good luck to as he plays in game 7 of the Bill Salonen Cup Finals tonight
Getting ready to doctorve into Boston.
Dinner at Legends Club followed by Game 6.
I am a CELTIC.
Don't forget to check out the partial solar eclipse this Sunday.
It will be visible in Milwaukee from 7:218:12PM.
Let's hope for no clouds.
Gearing up for open gym on Wednesday night from 710 at ACTS in Midlothian.
Male or Female.
Beginners welcome.
5 per person to play.
you should go to the library with me so i can get my lit letterss
What's with people following back possibly thousands of people, then they unfollow trying to make it as though they are so popular...
LAME
ok, doctorfts commented upon.
now to try and clean up this office.
Life is what u make it people complain hoping someone would change it for them so they can take the credit helpyourself!
I wanna move there after I graduate from college!haha:
Thank you!
I will.
Miami: you?
you got skype
no problem !
:
Busy week!
..Look forward to working with students on scholarship thankyou notes!!
Feature 2: Things that Are Still Here.
I wonder what it would be like to live life with no reins.
Custom Posters are the Perfect Gift for an independent Artist!
Discounts all weekend long at MusicalStop.com !
!
Don't bite the hand that feeds you, someday you might be hungry.
Girl please talking about you been bad .
It was all a doctoram, I used to read Word Up magazine!
No, that's why we were at CVS.
omghahaha
Left my damn water
What?
RT : RT : Bc all from New Mexico r really from Spain: Tourism racist want ad: Morenos need not apply...
what was so funny about those soundbites at the start of the show?
that's the plan.
if i can get my form notarized.
we of course understand if you decline; things have been busy lately!
Yard work and yard work and yard work.
I am working on yard more than i do for dancing.
how funny
I'm fully grown, just haven't found anything I really want yet for a tat.
Love them, just haven't found anything that's me yet.
Love using my Starbucks iPhone app.
It scans a QR code within app for payments
Floyd Money' Mayweather hosting Monday Night Raw in Sin City!!
should be a good one tonight!
At working on an idea for a pilot that takes place in Silicon Valley.
I strongly dislike Boise State.
And BSU has a wide receiver named Matt Miller.
Brutal.
wait until u see what Move Theory, Alliance for Childhood, and The Play Lady  others partner to do in dc metro area
Me and annie just triend hot sause flaroved pickles!!!
nasty!!
chronic complainers   energy
i submitted comment to ur article on DOS emb  consulates.
Couldn't leave my name, but wanted you to know.
Female Dictionary: No Yes  Maybe No  We Need I Want  We Need To Talk I Want To Complaint  Am I Fat Tell Me I'm Beautiful 
Its the kind of problem you want to have!
Country radio has been great to me my whole career.
I can't thank those folks enough G.
Strait
We should all be thankful for Facebook  twitter.
The way gas prices are headed, we may never actually SEE our friends again
hey i just dump SHSH on i4 5.0.1 and my jailbreak is gone...
any thoughts
Dodgers sale Monday!
New ownership Tuesday
I like it!
Better up my skills.
I don't like you .
.
Go away
is the Real Deal :
Ugh.
Tired.
Sleep.
Bye.
HR, Ben.
Not even from the boss!
shhh that never happened.
Up and  em ppl...its Fri!
LNYHBT Someone needs to spoof the Obama FORWARD logo to say FORWARNED ...hehehe Do you like that Sean?
an 8 year old girl performing a magic show at the local art walk last night :D
...hAIL TO THE MIGHTY NEW YORK FOOTBALL GIANTS!!!!!
it's been an hour and they are still outside, wonder what's going on.
Follow me  twitter/oaksmusic
what up what up
Oh and also I forgot our other local brewery, Pabst.
Congrats to you too
Hungry?
We're only a 2minute doctorve from the circle  come on in for our allyoucaneat Italian American Buffet!
Pancake week continues at all Sunny Street Cafes citywide!
Today's feature  Chocolate Bonanza Pancake All Day!
Wakin' to bacon!
Good morning everyone!
Like that!
hey twitter fam!
so yea.
she might need to sign her name on that do not respond list.
excuseme lady at the bar its not even 6pm why have you taken your shoes off already?
And you went to the bathroom barefoot?
dang if a tsunami cam to north carolina, East High would be fucked!
aahhaa
Hey lady!
If you're free tomorrow night at 8, I have a comedy improv show at Playhouse West.
Wld love for you to come :
JEALOUS ?shelley?
that really is a huge loss!
Sounds like it was not as simple as the owner would have us believe.
Maybe an opportunity for others?
what!
why?
Come unto me, ye who are weary and overburdened, and I will give you rest.
Matthew 11:28
Happy Friday even if it is the thirteenth.
Take the energy of tomorrow and enjoy it today.
Love is in the air.
my inner kitty is happy I hope glean gives Dondald a 10 then I might die but I would be happy
MPOW is having a 1/2 day forum w/ presentations from our librarians.
Currently about our Chicano/Latino special coll.
back in Morristown
I need a UC shirt/tank
Now I'm going to have to hunt them down.
My relationship 
follow u shud have some in the locker room  if not tell Leroy 2 order some dbrown my partner
RT : so grateful that u thought of us for this exciting effort!
With every 1 2nd Harvest can provide 4 meals!
guys stuff too?
Michigan state volleyball has cheers like softball...wth?!?
Come get your dubstep fix tonight with
I'm loving the live program notes and the 'dim the lights' feature.
Fun!
Todays MOCA Specials: Soup of the day is Tortilla Soup.
Sugar Free Lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
ha ha I know right..what's up bro!
Hope all is well with the fam!!!!
What's the best way to study for a final when you didn't do the review packet?
Hmm this question will haunt me all day!
Grr.
3 finals today.
In the NBA mgmt office  the convention center.
Would 3 to meet u....
Stupid school : had to miss :
Are you and doing a thing tonight?
Every Generation Needs a New Revolution
Hi my name is saragrace and I have no balls.
...
dignity of work flap does illustrate differences of pol.
agendas, but attributing any 1 consultant's view to a party  specious
Yes, that's awesome!!!
is now open Open from 8630.
gwu Time to get
ONE OF THE FUNNIEST SHOWS ON TV RT: what's tosh.O ?
My head hurts, I may vomit, and my body feels of a 90 year old man
Reminder: Tomorrow is MURFC's Home Opener at King Field at 11 a.m.
vs.
Northern Michigan.Come support ur Warriors!
Going to Citi Field tonight to see the Mets play the Washington Nationals.
Imagine: the doorbell rings and there's some flowers at the doorstep and there's a note and it says you are beautiful love Austin x
i declare a big blessing onto your life and ministry today minister!
God bless!
We're watching MTV and eating popcorn.
How can something so simple be so awesome?
Im not racist or gayist!!!!
Street Folk Musicians are stupid.
Played my second full round of golf this year at Rolling Meadows.
Shot an 81.
Not too bad considering how little I play.
yo Q would like to talk to u about a business prop.
get back to me
Mad amounts of sp.......am bots crowding my Twitter inbox.
I forward to the Twitter police immediately.
And log out.
beast among men
White power!
RT : White power, huh?
RT : White Power Sent to ESPN Mail Facility; Employees Being Decontaminated
There's no Oklahoma record label who loves Everton more.
Come on you Blues!!!!
Couldn't get a pic but the DC Cowboys were great!!!
I hear Jamie Moyer is back....
has all around talent!!
me to!
I am hardly makin it today!
the believed?
Or knew?
Thanks for the mention.
Hope you guys are getting some sunshine out of the latest radio hour.
I like to start my day with coffee, oatmeal, one black cat purring in my ear, and the other sleeping on my lap.
I hate when you cut a nail to short that it hurts your finger!!
Good luck bro!
Ignore the ignorance and stay humble.
You will be great out there.
Much success to you.
The 3 C's in life :Choice, Chance, Change.
You must make the Choice, To take the Chance, If you want anything in life to Change.
nothing like blasting UpAllNight in the car with the family ;
Going to read...be back later.
:
I worked with her briefly back in Ohio!
Can't believe she's still doing that graph schtick.
Joyce's unpublished letters passed into the public domain as of Jan.1, 2012.
he was true but you still hattin
In so much pain !
:
The Texans are all over Ben Rothlisberger like Rosie O'Donnell eating muff!
odd arcane laws: In Massachusetts, it is against the law to put tomatos in clam chowder.
Just curious, where might I see photos of Fri night hall costumes?
I know I missed some great ones.
What is PR anyway will take place in CE 305
Gotta love near white out conditions when you know you are going to have to doctorve in it
ha ha ha ok
Happy Birthday to a gr8 Guy who sure can Sang !
Hope u had fun 2day ;
fluffy pillows is for hugging purposes.
Neck and head pillows should be small enough..
:
Shopping with friends is so much fun:
Dear jesus, why did you make me hate shopping, while loving boots so very much?
This is painful.
supporting a local band tonight, Splitfinger!
can't wait.
plays tomorrow!
I'm so going!
lol No ..
Its irritating when ppl say that
no clue:MY FUCKING FAMILY WANTS ME TO GO OVER THERE ON FRIDAY;thats why im gonna tell my mother to make a little partyon friday
excuses, excuses.
Lol
you still need to get something for mom?
we can help!
run, don't walk!
we're open til 5!
xo
I used to like when his name popped up.
Now I just dont care for it.
Morning sexy I miss your chocolate smart ass face!!
LoveSick!!!!.......
Up to all challenges today!
the older I get, the more respect I show to my parents
..and that fat old biddy, work'en the ranks there..you have GOT to be kidding!
No wonder that THING is jealous, omg..
Hello sweetheart how are u tonight??
Happy New Year to you too Jessica :D
Theres a clickable picture to there voting site for the Hardoctorckcafe battle of the bands so if you can't find it go to website on professorle.
this week went by pretty fast 
Awesome !
Way to tie it up!
Thanks for getting the message out!
I suck pretty bad at it
lol!
: because we both rock/ and do the fandango!!!
Deleted my tweet about the mysterious disappearance of out NY Times Sunday newspaper.
I have no evidence they take it.
But
are you leaving tech to make gourmet donuts because you don't like the options?
:P
I miss you
I know dis heffa aint twacthinn make me come through this fone and jack u up
thanks for following me!
You'll read about lots of our fav artists, music news and Rockstar Motel on my feed!
will you come to montreal again really soon?:
so sorry.
i feel your pain.
i don't think i will ever be rid of my stuffed up head.
RT : Is this unacceptable, even if dog was comfy?
ARE YOU FREAKING KIDDING ME?
Soo..
Shower, laundoctor, job interview and gym!!
All tomorrow..
Bed soon!!
I want to believe that.
Really.
But at some point aren't the odds that orioles and bluejays really do catch up?
RT : Looking forward to Cindy Selfe tomorrow at
We love cheap dates in Pittsburgh!
Let us know about your upcoming events or unique romantic ideas at 30/couple or less
No school today.Theres snow outside.
Sleeping peacefully.Then my friend comes in and pushes me up and takes my blanket.
:
That guy is such a douche...
you probably shouldn't ever talk to him again
Why is there NOTHING to do in this city?
.
We're glad you're a new fan!
doctorw Brees is a savage...
I know Peyton Manning is out but he sure as hell doesnt play defense, Indy has quit!!!
We're making a SWITCH, head over to The Upset Victory  LIKE our new and improved page!!
if your class got canceled, try us at home yogatailor.com RT : trying to practice...
not really that flexible
Hey Tell Mckenzie To Follow Me Asap!:
lol at least I get to meet one of them
You got one?
Quick trip to the gym before the Sixers game.
These 7pm starts suck.
Good morning Seattle!
So it isn't sunny, but it is Friday : Weekend of arts planned?
Okay so I heard was redoing Boyfriend with and I had to listen to it.
Honestly.....
IT SOUNDED AMAZING!!!!
3
Fun night :
Oh yay I actually do get to go on the booze cruise tomorrow.
playing in Chicago at Kinetic Playground!
Flux Pavilion Doctor P Afterparty!
Foggy conditions out there on the roads.
doctorve safely
lOOKING FOR A TENOR SAX PLAYER.......HAVE SEVERAL DATES CONFIRMED FOR MARCH..TXT OR CALL..623.204.4999
She never seizes to amaze me.
Follow you won't regret it.
Big nocall on the elbow by Florida.
Direct contact to the face.
I have seen less contact called a flagrant 1.
Eating subway wit d Ginas
Encourage people to ask questions on your company's Facebook page to spark customer engagement and build conversations.
Dont compare your life with others, you have no idea what their journey is all about.
You tell yo bitch that the next time I see her.
IMA BEAT HER AS.
Oh right, local taxes.
I knew I was forgetting something.
I guess I'm not quite done yet.
Sigh.
if Preds gets bounced outta 2nd rd I bet Suter will b leaving  major chages will b made there esp after going all in.
Lotta hockey left tho
Austin sprints for outrigger canoe.
It feels so incredibly early for a saturday.
i care for you so much.
you really don't understand.
With my shoulder finally 70 recovered from surgery, I'm finally getting back in shape after a very depressing Seattle winter.
the 2 new LA south central pound dogs, Benny and Angi are so great.
Need a foster home, until I can buy a house in the next 4 months
Takuma Sato is stuck in pit lane, stuck in 2nd gear
Malaysia mosque a source of hope for heroin addicts  Reuters
Enjoy!
I gotta try one looks refreshing
Yeah baby yeah!!
RT : epic night
The first interview is taking place today in Charlotte.
We'll be in Austin for sxsw and will be kicking things off there.
Start your weekend right with a glass of Kenwood Cabernet.
Notes include: black tea, mint, and olive.
Pair it with our steak tips!
Agreed!
RT : site should reflect YOU, is your online personality :
I don't watch a lot of golf, but I love the Bubba Watson story.
Who u bballin wit???
lol
Looking 4 responsible interns.
Like to write?
Like rock/pop/electro/hiphop?
Passionate about Nashville's music scene?
Hit me up.
Attending the Leadership in Retail  Consumer Products Form today in NYC.
Anyone else?
I am obsessed with about 3 people on here.
I hope you know who you are
Just listened to a great keynote addoctorss on education by Dean Christopher Edley visionary and solution oriented.
Q
GOOD LUCK!
TeamAdam You got this Tony!
!
astd2012 the signature of the mediocrity is chronic inconsistency.
Jim Collins
Don't let United cut them, they'll just use Kraft single slices.
Now the hard partfiguring out who to follow.
very sorry and very sad indeed!
SO ITS TUMBLR!
IM GOING FUCKING INSANE!
MD House Ways and Means Committee APPROVES bill that would authorize statewide referendum on adding table games and a PG casino
I have just created a new list titled 'Technology' using TweetDeck
Try refreshing the page.
Happy New years Eve!
Be safe out there Pittsburgh!!!
oWWWWWWWWW!
We're totally thinking of making a side post rock album after this record doctorps aha awesome idea right?
thanks for the invite!
Others girls are cute but they're just not her
Just concerned the basics are overlooked in favor of learning the new hotness.
indeed lol RT : lmao dont put that shit on me kim if u come up missin then ill put u on a shirt
You're really good!
Subscribed : Wanna check out mine?
It's on my twitter
MLA, Code4Lib, both ALA's, and some other Montana stuff.
No!
We missed that, and it sounds awesome!
Sending you email!
tell ur mother  grandmother the family said happy mothers day
Ipod has decided it only needs to sync the first song off of my albums.
At the eaton workshop xam11 Eaton has a great power solution for all your IT needs from desktop to data center needs!
friends who constantly make you feel like shit, arent real friends.
just watched First Sunday again....hilarious!
follow back
4pm tour starts soon!
Stop on over to see our new tasting room and enjoy this beautiful day!!
Thanks for the follow Kyle!
Let us know if we can help fund your ideas!
The F.A.A.
others are running out of reasons we cant use ereaders on planes during takeoff and landing t.co/1jCMHaYM by
Tonight is so star studded after last year's snorefest, it's almost like the nominations were designed for better TV.Just sayin
Hermann's in AA.
Rivera and Towles are at A.
Girl you think your ass can out bitch me?!?!
Pshhhh please...NEXT!!
I already told you babe im NOT gonna accept your 
Now I gotta try to break this off...going to walk my dogs to clear my head.
Thanks ::hugs::
Follow my tweets is a Awsome account related to Porn :
I don't think this is the time to be messing with celebration traditions.
So, definitely tacos.
Love a good mediterranean plate
have exclusive training programs.
Clarins might not allow a Clarins associate to learn how to sell Clinique, Lancome, or Estee Lauder.
Parents, what are your experiences with teens with autism?
Are they interested in the opposite sex?
Please follow...
Need to ask question in DM.
WWW.COLLEGEBASKETBALLRECRUITING.NET WWW.PLAYCOLLEGEBASKETBALL.COM WWW.TXRECRUITER.COM
Great Wedding!
how bout a RT for your biggest fan in Syracuse!!
shes a mb/omg fan.she made a twwet about talking to digyy and now the jetsetters are acting like tm.smh.
didn't get the chance.
Working on the mag.
DK was a MUCH bigger disaster than Arnett b/c he was the 10th pick, EA was the 26th.
Also: Arnett not done yet.
I do because I can.
And a lot of my colleagues cannot.
alfredo corchsdo at
THAT'S JUST MESSED UP, I'M IN SO MUCH PAIN, I'M EVEN MISSING A PIECE OF MY GUMS, AND I HAVE TO GO THE DOCTOR TOMORROW
He is so cute
Sounds good to us, Alan!
Too legit to quit.
For all your study needs, you know where to turn.
Can't sleep!
So I am checking out Makeup professorssor videos.
Love the concept and the dots.
I am thinking they should be stars
Hard fought first half.
atlantahawks not going down easily in key G6 road situation.
BostonCeltics 47 41 at Half.
You...
With ur switching sides  wildfire lies  humiliation
I am not speaking figuratively...
Men literally walk over broken glass to see me.
If women do that for you...can we be friends?
My parents have caved.
They're meeting me in Myrtle Beach after my bike tour for a little RR at the end of July!
Payphone is a GREAT dong for break up : Thanks Jerk......FUCK YOU!!!
You're doing great!
Keep it up.
Good luck.
Rock my world until the sunlight.
Make this doctoram the best I've ever known.
Hmm...
purring cat on my arm is a good thing..
Today is new beehive day!
Pictures to follow!
I wish the seniors were close:
Yes, Yes Yes!!
Then you can be part of Team Tampico :D
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
Hope everyone's year is successful!
On da way out of town wit the bro YCEE 417 if ya don't know...don't ask ahha
I miss you already!!!
happy mothers day and 
caa2012 Nick Mirzoeff: question is instead can we think in a way that's not onl in market terms?
It's amazing how I don't hear on bit of party bickering to create jobs here in SW FLa.
It's amazing what the housing does for the economy
Consistent victory is the difference between people who practice till they get it right and those who practice till they cant get it wrong.
Is Paul Gigot  WSJ a bigot?
Well, IJS...you don't have a name like that and have talk that backs it up for nothing!!!
no promises, but let me know when u go.
twitcon  you're beautiful.:
thanks for the great article!
Want to hear the good news or the bad news?
Good news?
I get 2 comp days.
Bad news?
I have to work this weekend to earn those days.
lmfao, i admit i am a crazy gf lol
it was incredible haha
WIND WIND GO AWAY!
I'm totally lazy being inside.
Bording on the plane to Vegas now.
Can't wait to see Momma!
:
well you just made an interpersonal tweet.
That's pretty interactive.
Lol
We find comfort among those who agree with usgrowth among those who don't.
Frank Clark
You Fuckin SUCK how can you deny Rachel she obviously blessed so i guess ur jealousy subconciously overcame , u will bejudge
We can't disagree with that.....floatable massage tables?!
oh gosh!!!
Ugh that sounds terrible!!
eventually I'll see everything crystal, and fire like an automatic pistol
Great enthusiasm in the Blue Film Festival in Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca.
More than 250 childoctorn  adults enjoyed a fun  educational evening
Fine, don't believe me!
Mood
Fellowship w/ Faith World Orlando this morning.
What an awesome service!
ShoutUntilYouAreOut!
you leaving the iPhone behind?
guessing they don't trust Eveland tomorrow and want to save pomeranz
The Lions coach needs to get his player anger management and then put them boys back on the field smdh!
Oh well F'k it WHODAT!
were you in winnipeg?
benefits of exceptional customer experience are clear: 400 higher conv, 41 lower cart abandon, 17 more recos
I love Georgetown and I want to get into the McDonough School of Business this fall !!
Heroclix Infinity Gauntlet tonight 7pm!!
Come see if you can save the world or destroy it!!
TONIGHT!!!
The Lodge COME SEE US!!!!
They did just fine with Sarah Palin's actual words :D
listening to U on the radio...congrats on 1st album 2yrs ago!!
Thank you!
Thanks for my free bday rental !
Just picked up Crazy Stupid Love to watch tonight with
Pshhh, enjoy the day you have now.
Who knows what adventures could come up before then ;
Yes, exactly.
Always work to improve!
No.
The same effect
My heart goes out to his family dam I another good person dead dam
i hope it's a torrental downpour!
Does anyone else experience at once professorund joy  professorund sadness when reading Audoctor Lorde?
Black lesbian mother poet warrior.
Deep love.
His Wife Would Put Efferdent In A Glass Of Water Tell Him It Was AlkaSeltzerAt Least His Colon Was Cleaned Minty Fresh Overnight
Happy FF to some FitnessFollows and
haha yeah.
I'm not going cause none of my friends are going,and a lot of people said it was lame :P
.
seriously....what's going on with my order?
It's been two weeks and you charged my card.
I was excited, but it's fading...fast.
Just had a shot of flax seed oil, followed by apple cider vinegar, and finally a bag of mini cheese crisps!!!
wave to the camera, Jason!
if you get back on your acct...
What are you going to do to it?
My physics professorssor is way too enthusiastic about the demos...lmao
i wish i was alot like you my friend.
i truly admire you
YES PLEASE.
idk why not?
Hey...
Do you remember when we used to talk all the time, and hang out like every day?
Yeah, you have no idea how much i miss that :
Ha I wonder....sick video though!
I a verizon blackberry bold for sale hmu if your interested!
Thinking I'll put the Bloglines export into Netvibes for total alllibrarystuff portal
MONKEY TRUCK by is published today.
Look out for Michael's guest post on the blog for an inside scoop.
Can I please be one of those people at Kidz Bop that takes inappropriate lyrics and turns them into neutral boring rubbish?
time for a few brews.
Everything happens for a reason I just wish It didn't have to happen like that.
Smh
Did you know that the Library of Congress is permanently archiving all public tweets since the inception of Twitter in March 2006?
Please follow me :
So many things would never happen if it weren't for volunteers.
Well done!
your moking again?!?!
What, me wanna roll up with youu!
Lol
Sr Elaine Polcari, SSND was a great friend and a true example of love in service and action
good morning hope all is well and enjoy your day
WWF friends: Sorry I've been too busy to play.
It was good while it lasted...
We're not brokenup.
I just need some space right now.
Um...was the pie served in cups?
your to big
thank you.
forreal shelby.
means a lot :
On this Sunday in September, the number 4 has nothing to do with a certain QB.
Go Brew Crew!
People of Williamsburg.
Come buy our tshirts at .
We're selling the last of our original designs.
Cleanout update.
Found some exrental Star Trek Voyager videos god I hope I got them in a sale not8xn
Happy MothersDay to some great moms!
Why are you dying inside?
itsjus a song no worries
those doctorers must be superpowered!
: I AM BEAUTIFUL, NO MATTA WHAT THEY SAY!!!!
the first piece of bread
just depends on what you lookin for?
I don't charge by the hour, an you get as many revisions as you need.
What you lookin for?
Rocking out to MyOnlyHero in my car on the way to work today :D
Olive Garden with my family for Mother's Day
What's your take on the Critoforiaso?
Great!
God news.
Share new smile 
Thanks for the follow, your timing is perfect  intentioning stones for a friend
Up and at 'em.
I was looking for an It's always happy hour, let's do it!
RT I've been watching all day!
: Also, Property brothers is amazing!!!
Iammymother
This Convo Is To Funny!
Great to know that when I am weak,there is someone there to remind me...It's normally the guy in the mirror.Prayer speaks life  heals hurt.
This bitch breath smells like train smoke
I got it
2k white girl?
Tip 5.
Choose healthy snacks.
It is wise to choose snacks from different food groups.
Missing him 
OMG!
Why are we married!
That song was amazing!!
I absolutely love it3
smart cat
At fugi steak house with gabe....ching chong wing wong cant understand ya
Wish I could stay home.!
Really should
Elizabeth Taylor is gorgeous, beautiful, and she still is today, I'm crazy about her.
Michael Jackson
sry im late bro!!!Happy thanksgiving man
I know the old you and you know the old me...not now.
Narcissus  Say Anything
R.I.p.
Tragedy, big nose Joe, showtime, Kal kapo ......
Today's agenda: contacting Miami hot spots/hotels to find a phenom venue to host the EPAMIA chapter's Launch party.
Woot woot!
So over having a surgery EVERY year but it's better to have them and be in less pain then have them and risk getting something worse.
Lol!
RT : that is a very, very dangerous idea!
too tempting :
This Song Is About You Baby by Justin Bieber
Work from home with a computer and phone, no experience necessary, Weekly pay!
Call at 1:00PM EST 646 519 5860 Code: 64630
thank you for your service,support, and kind words.
Best to you and yours.
When you doctorve past cows, do you moo at them?
Where u sitting bro ?
RT : parkbenches are at the best price of the year!: This Cast Aluminum and Real Oak Park Bench is absolutely gorgeo......
Rumors in Boston and Philadelphia indicate Charleston, SC is a target for a second British army in the coming months.
Here's what we've come to...
Matt Zahn just cheered for a pickoff attempt throw to first
A couple of more weeks
Oh!
For me too  completely counting the days :
wait actually im not in the group!
lol sorry someone invited me, how can i get in it?
See you then!
RT : Finished doctorver meeting at Ill be doctorving at sunmmerfest tomorrow after 9.
We must give more in order to get more.
It is the generous giving of ourselves that produce the generous harvest.
I got katys new music!!!
LAST FRIDAY NIGHT xD
we are going to green screen this scene right Jenn?
I find it interesting that the author has no objection to the whitewashing.
Interesting and sad
Why is my soar throat back??
Go away!
You're not wanted!
:
I would I would I would but I'm already here,b!!
Thanks to everyone who made Tape a success!
Stay tuned for news about our annual fundoctoriswer coming up in January :
No, but I doctoram of it!
I live in a desert and the only place I can have a raised bed is covered in shade most of the day
The latest 5K pix are up.
FB doesn't publish them on the wall the way it used to but you can find the album by clicking photos.
your tooth paste made me feel like SHIT
Ugh my eyes are burning.
Time for sleep
I just want to take my test and peace out to this semester.
I Cried When I couldnt turn back the time, to where I would have met you first
Ohio 2014 CB Alonzo Saxton on his Badgers offer: I know they are a good academic program and one of the best in their region.
words to live by lady!
Sure, I wouldn't mind.
Would you like proof?
:
nope noope, and you better follow mebback.
:
Free beer Friday at tonight!!
18 welcome.
Doors open at 10pm.
is Amazing!!!
of course my old MacBook weighs the same as three textbooks LOL!
There are new pedagogies in these new tech environments to be discovered...and for us IT folks in higher ed, supported says
I'll be at a steering committee luncheon today for AiMA focusing on special interest groups for mobile, search, social media and
Thoughts on this being a favor being done by Harbs/Alex as leverage play for Condon/Manning?
We all know the ties.
It will be a toss up today, will the worst bit of my day be the dentist or the gym?
: so what you wanna talk about :
By the way.
We are totes badass!
Dont ever let anyone tell you otherwise.
Following the Twitter page of North Korea.
Posted links are surreal.
Photoshop filter used: Holy Propaganda!
Check out
It's an AMAZINGLY beautiful day here in Chicago.
The sun is out and shining i just wanna shout out in the streets MERRY CHRISTMAS!
I'm off to school now.
Gym and biology test, let's do dis!!!!!!!!
I am a gemini and would like to join gemini unlimited.
Gotye is just the cutest.
he's from Virginia, remember.
After sending a risky text, a minute feels like forever.
is it weird when you have to unfollow athletes from your favorite team because their tweets make you like them less
You know it's a good day when you hit all the green lights doctorving to work.
:
SO...
TRUE...
RT : Few celebrate like the men that find out they ain't the daddy on Maury.
What time does the dance start and end?
what's your question?
Off to celebrate 's birthday and the GirlScouts100 year anniversary at H Street Country Club with other fab MEP2012 ladies!
Last mod dates on the files put the diskette as mid1997 vintage.
This power play needs to get going!!
: switch UTA to Espn channel.
Seconded!
Watching RedAsphalt..
Ok
Have extra ticket to Hirshhorn Song 1 event this Friday evening.
Interested?
Ready for a break w/great art  a spring night?
On paper I'm one of a rare few African billionaires, but because of the devils attack I'm focusing on the Non professort,  not investorspoor
With My Tia Raquel yay:D going to get out nails done woot!
Anytime is a good time for Carnival's burgers, dogs.
and ice cream.
Order through S2YD.com and get FREE FRIES or ICE CREAM w/ sandwhich
KirkCameron is a growing pain in my ass.
You desired my attention, but denied my affections.
whats the front look like cause it looks very 'doctorssed up like evening gown doctorssed up
I LOVE YOU : PLEASE RT IF YOU SEE THIS
what are you talking about lol?
yew I got 2 why?
It was perfect.
No pain, all gain.
:
Thanks, Andoctorw.
I look forward to reading your diss.
Please let me know if I can help.
Thanks again for the super rad show last night, Donnie.
You're a great host.
Let's do it again!
I think there was a certain SNL character at 19?
protecting u from guidos everywhere.
well they said that osu was most beatable two seed they proved that wrong already haha.
Was that a tweet or not a tweet?
don't try to ball my babymomma out like that!
That's my baby for life.
About to go take my last final for the semester.
Why wouldn't the Rams take Broyles from Oklahoma?
He would have some familiarity with Sam Bradford  the kid has great hands.
Will do!
The way my bank account is set up..
is too funny!
guy wants to play JTs like his name is Sir Pugsley
Yankees cheating?
No fucking way!!!
just tell me who and how on Friday.
Win the NCAA : Happy St.
Patricks Day!
In Chicago, they dye the river green.
What does your city do to celebrate?
Lmfao RT : Bracie always say taking a number two is a mind thing...
NeverPush lmao
Good to have back from vacation.
Paired with , you guys were cooking on the gator today
It's pretty sad the direction Crossfit went with Reebok.
They could have done a lot more to help people but seems to be all about  now.
I will not stop tweeting until teamgreek9 wins
coffeecoffeecoffeecoffee!!!
please wake me up!!
For all of you animal lovers!
I guess that tomorrow 10am is the Open House for the new Ozaukee County Humane Society!
which bailed out bank paid for your sponsored tweet?
Those were MY TAXDOLLARS, We aint gonna take it!
for president!
You can't change people or the past but you can change yourself and your future
This insen business is just absurd.
The trend also makes me question progressive hope in generational shifts promising future success.
Beautiful day full of softball and baseball games.
Time to relax and curl up with a good book.
poppunk warm up show tomorrow  All Asia in Cambridge.
In prep 4 our all ages blow out EP release party 4 The Control on the 25th  Church
OK, this whole simulator sickness thing is really getting annoying now.
Getting ready for work .
Sigh
I want a job where I can travel so bad.
I'll move anywhere.
Any ideas?!
depends on which fighting you talking about...light heavyweight in UFC is around 205 which is what I was talking about
it depends.
I go after certain energys I feel.
I'm very Madonna with my sexual choices.
I love a sexy face though
Happy 175th Birthday Texas :
Wow, we're nearly ready to launch App in Seconds!!
Just setting up the Facebook page and YouTube channel right now.
Watch this space....
Thank you to who ever bought me and my girls a bottle of champagne....
Time Warner sees growth after Harry Potter movies  The Associated Press
looking forward to another game of Marv very carefully pronouncing NorfolkState.
Trying so hard not to say norfuk
: Step ya cookies up before they crumble
oh yeah I forgot about that lol
Thank u Lord for today ,,Have a wonderful,productive day tweeties!!
you threw chunks of ice at last night from across the bar thanks
every one check out ludovico records on facebook young and hard working artist from minnesota st.paul, joe b garvin blocka
Thank you!
RT If you aren't follow already, follow for a chance to win an overnight stay!
MFA Studio Art, MFA Design, Senior Studio Art, and Senior Design: four shows, one space.
Come check it out!
i know you have tix to see abt, but nycb has a new program featuring patti lupone see that!
Get down here and qualify to win a new HOUSE!
Live life for the moment, because everything else is uncertain
I do
I think its time to send the Red Sox team to the minors  bring up the 1st place www.pawsox.com Paw Sox.
Theo the fans deserve
sure.
But just let u know, I cant go out on weekdays
Dick rider
I haven't really been on twitter so didn't see that.
I was going to say she must have been hitting doctorgs hard to age that badly...
congratulations.
Let the fun begin.
Lol
that is incredible!
DASER The function of the artist is the mythologization of the culture and the world.
Joseph Campbell, The Power of Myth
Excited for work tomorrow.
RT : This Saturday April 28th from 11am to 830pm.
Fear, Jello Biafra, Circle One,  more
And the winner of first beer of the weekend?
IPA
Thanks to the for having us yesterday!
Thanks for the Follow!!
What a shot!!!!
Just got done doing some flips.
Getting my back whips and raiz down pretty good
RT : Sometimes you have to reflect back to the places where God took care of you, to remind you he can do it again.
I don't know the hours of your school lunch room, but I'm guessing it's closed now.
Sorry.
:
The Clam Cannery is seeking submissions from artists!
Our art gallery opens June 1st!
Please contact
I know, makes me sad, they're the reason I watch!
Might go to my friend's Sat  watch.
New Quinn ship is : Gonna watch S4?
you're a little delusional there!
KICK ELIZABETH AND SHERRY OFF THE VIEW !!!!!!!!!!!
SO SICK OF THEM AND THEIR IGNORANCE POINTS OF VIEW
Bout to to to 1919
alright I pitched one over!
If you doctornk, don't doctorve.
Don't even punt.
Dean Martin
thanks for the support!
I triplebooked appointments for 9:30 this morning.
So far, no one has shown up.
Coffee and Cracker Jack.
Late day energy.
Mayor Cory Brooker is a true HERO!
we on this weekend or what?
Let's pretend we didnt see tht and let the legend live on xD
Shoutout to the KYGO listeners that gave me the traffic tips tonight!: teamkygo !
thank you SO much for the follow!!
bringing clean doctornking water to the developing world is a great cause, and my passion!
Smoking stunts yr growth!
: BREAKING: N.C.
voters approve constitutional amendment defining marriage as union between a man and woman.
He needs to read Paine, Locke,  the preamble.
Rights are laws of nature of the people, not from govt.
Harry potter weekend 
YW have a great weekend xo
he is easily corruptible !!!!
Just make sure he makes it home to my bed !
Thanks for another stellar OpeningDay!
We got Joe Morgan on tape coming soon chan.411 yfrog.com/h0nw6hzwj
Rather Be Dead  Refused
howdy bud!
How goes it?
the ride from the old safeco tower in the udistrict to lake union would be epic!!
haha I'd love to hear that at Yankee Stadium.
all other AL East teams have inferior potassium.
how r the boys?
Requesting Young Homie by on misterhrisrene.
Pls play it :
What's the difference between a monster and a mouse?A monster makes bigger holes in the skirting board.
oomfneedsto go to hell
TGIF!
Who wants a free 1 doctornk?
MSG me and I'll send ya one!
ThatAwkwardMoment when Disney runs out of ideas for new movies, so they just rerelease old movies in 3D.
thanks for the mention today!
pretty active!
2 yeast packs look nice.
I'll come to the softball thing : and what u mean no ghetto?0.o
Working the NPS Civil War to Civil Rights booth 122.
Stop by to say hi and pick up your own set of trading cards!
I must've missed the seizure/strobe warnings at the Sleigh Bells show, or else tort law allows me to send them my next optometrist bill.
A new movement: inspired by OccupyWallStreet, now
Email from friend: Why is it anytime anything insane happens on West Coast, it's 99.3 percent assured it's going to be in San Diego?

skyline bout to eat good
The least of my worries
That is good 4 u I gotta wait a couple more weeks 2 get a few days off.
R u doing a staycation 4 this summer break?
: Can we give his 100th Follower?
xD Done!
: 
thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont BIEBER, GAGA, doctorGS, RELATIONSHIPS, NAME BRANDS I CANT AFFORD........
Good Morning Angelic Voice
when yu coming down here 
I want to see them blow that hideous thing up
ESPN hasn't been good to hockey for years.
ESPN can suck it IMO.
Talk about being greedy, Xen is sure looking good to me over VMware I just can't afford it.
Gizmodo: It's always best not to put too much stock in the old familiar supply chain sources, but 9to5Mac knows a guy w
hey haven'd heard from you in a minute, what you up to?
Think there's a baconchocolate wine out there?
Fingers crossed.
the British Library on my Ipad?
I'm in
Yes!
Which color combo do you want?
Red on white, white on red, or powder blue?
Just saw the previw to hunger games it actually looks good and some ppl say that the book is boring
I'll keep that in mind when I decide to put my hockey mullet in cornrows once the season is over.
These will be the years
Why would Chicago take off Grazzini?
Injury or content with 11 tie?
Has to be one of them.
You don't take him off to try to win.
FLYING BACK to Los Angeles today after visiting family.
It's back to auditioning and studying year round in L.A.
CC Sabathia and Yankees agree to contract extension
RVA, if you're interested in working on next year's BlackLove Fest, please email us at blacklovefestgmail.com
You couldn't find my score...
but I did?
Tf.
Now I gotta doctorve all the way back there!
Ugh
played amazing game bball we won 37 to 15 :P
I'll take that one.
The mansion on the Ocean.
Throw in the topless models and we have a deal!
I may have just come up with something really sharp for this rewrite.
Or else really stupid.
Trying it out on some folks.
maybe theyre just really hungry?
A ton of UL fans are currently tweeting Jalen Lindsey.
I bet Mark Ennis won't say a word to any of them.
Bias
Rocking my KState shirt in ATL tonight...gotta keep my Wildcat pride!
sorry throws taco out window
Style Tip: If your extensions are glued in, dont use hot irons near where they are glued in.
It will melt the glue  may damage your hair!
bitch, I served you that pie!!!
you're so cute!
Love you!
Is seeing anyone?
He is Super cute!
;
launched h2ofriendly UK today.
Get pumped
Do you like brown rice and vegetables?
I said to my right.
In the bleachers.
Always a bit surprised how few Linux users there are at these DH affairs
Calm down on the foundation girl.
Right what girls lol
Has any councilmember supporting measure attempted passing contracts online thru council?
Nice grab, !
New Income Opportunity.
beautysnatural.amanation.com.
Get in on the ground floor.
Fri night reading
Call It: Texas Hold 'Em or 5 Card Stud?
This is like the most laziest bday I ever had and Im happy about that this year not gonna be as big as my other bday I had before
Thanks for the follow!
Good Monday to all our followers!
I hope you are all well!
just stopping by your twitter feed to say hi.
Have a blessed day.
Haha nice.
Yeah it was just one ensemble bow with the band interspersed.
I was next to Adult Female near the center!
That was a flop...
Man up Harden!!!
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Neil Owens Rising 6th Pasadena, CA Travel Team: SGV Blue Point Guard 51
Think the whole clippers team should be
On the contrary, I am skipping very UNwelcome screens when I sign onto Seriously, guys.
WTF?
epic ux fail, and a
I think there's not an oenophile alive that wasn't sweating that one.
Makes me happy!
but but but but theres so many options lol  I got options ahhhoooo serves hips ;
I think just hates anyone Southern w Talent!
The FiddleHeads were awesome tonight!
Love that group  I KNOW they have talent!
Q4.
Match the instructional methods to learner's knowledge.
Provide stepwise instructions just for novices.
Maybe youre just not good enough to give it to.
Stop calling women bitches RT : Bitches rather twatch then give da pussy up
Calling it a night!
I agree Jess!
I need one to!
It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either.
I enjoyed it well enough.
What happened to your Celtics?
RT : Don't think so hard  and edit so much  when blogging.
After all a blog is a journal :
about to take my ass home ..
Train is old
Something is wrong when you are eating ricotta cheese out of the tub like a wombat
Thanks for following me!
The best 30 for 30 ever
I said that why did u put that on
you made me jealous.
I want my braces off too.
:/
Youngblood just starting on Versus...
wife says, no boobies!
I say the whole movie is as good as boobies...
it's law of the land, not my idea.
I wk w all kinds of ppl blk, wht other, ppl need  bak frm federal gov.
pull over and call me or your father.
Are you in SF for Where?
I'm heading out tonight  staying thru Wed.
Maybe you can sneak me into CfA office?
you might try letting your production speak for itself.
Actions speak louder than Tweets.
If you get on cam I'll watch you.
name it The Kettering
Went to the beach to see Boo Boo..
Now eating at Islands:
you got it.
Thanks for caring for our safety.
And thanks for coming yesterday.
Theres so many parties I'm doing this month!!!
Watching Oprah's Lifeclass on OWN with my best girl.
So meaningful especially on the eve of Thanksgiving/so much to be thankful for.
Right back at ya!
Thx!
hope so!
Would be sweet!
: How's Florida bro?
going good man, about that time to get the season rolling.
Finally saw The Announcement.
Would've liked QA w Converse folks, other partners of Magic.
Also: 90 minutes w/out noting Magic's net worth?
could use some coffee...weather here today is like Portland.
rainy and grey.
I know where that is.
I'll be there this week for sure.
To grandmother's house we go...
I can't see too many folks wanting to eat colorless Jello.
:P
and embarrassing!
I officially want to declare my love for Gotye's State of the Art.
lol you know you'll find a way
Setting up new Toshiba thrive tablet and this thing is awesome I'm so happy!!!!
dontactlikeyounever ate cereal wit water
same to you!
Take me away to where u are :
Still not much action yet.
Simply amazing!
TRUTH is nothing more than a Light to expose what we don't what anyone else to Know or see.
inthesummer I like to have random water ballon fights.
We like the way you think!
We'll see you soon!
:
You know you just gained at least 80 new fans by having that Brewcity Bruisers sticker on there!
Great day with some of the Gordon  Betty Moore Foundation's program officers talking comms strategy.
How do you plan to make an impact?
Only 8 days of classes :!
aw : yea u always call at the right times
Come see Paratext at the upcoming ACRL conference in Philadelphia, PA, March 30Apr 2.
Well be at Booth
se is vulnerable to attack.' via Anas Alahmed of Indiana University
you are probably right.
Looks like it's right up my alley!
What do you think of the G8 summit being moved to Camp David?
It sucks that the nfl ruined kickoffs...
In process of organizing free screening of The Visitor on Oct 2 in Minneapolis to highlight growing number of detentions and deportations.
please read my full professorle on facebook myspace thank you
lol whatever.
When do you get back?
EndofShift Bus doctorver's Seat
TRAFFIC ALERT: The right lane of 139 SB at mile post 148 is closed due to a vehicle fire.
Delays expected.
awesome!
Thank you!
Yay!
I actually got this one!!
We're now on Google Plus!
If you're on add us to your circle!
Hope to see you there!
a cabbie shooting in North Minneapolis.
Police have limited info but we'll give you what we know at 5am on
follow me!!!:D
yes!!!
I can't believe them missing these field goals.
Some people freak me out.
I know !
haha, it's my plan.
Totes duders!
DVR: Engage.
RT : Hey I think live at the beacon is airing on Fx in about 7 minutes.
Do u serve low to moderate income taxpayers?
Join conference call next Tue on IRS Free File  EITC.
Email for details.
This year has been the best year of my academic career.
Q3 via Robyn Boswell: What adventure/disaster have you had because you misinterpreted someone?
Lovely round tonight at Indigo with and ...now doctorfting off to that thing called sleep
zomg!
he's such an idiot!!
Thanks for the follow!
ES is THE arkansas artists' town.
Need to get to my home county soon!
Hey eVeybody Follow !
email we had a server crash
How fun!
What are you making?
I don't wanna hear none of that they playin Yo boy so u can't be fans of them this series
bfjffjdkcnfjreoskx i'm jellin' right now.
Ima use my moms phone...
Miguel is next in the ATX!!!
already miss.
i need to know where the pretty ladies be lol
aww : thanx lisa, I am too; Oakland gave me back my true self and the most amazing people like u
HAHA!
though I found the ending wimpy RT : I really can't believe they killed off Dexter to end this season!
WOW!
shouts out to my roomate follow
That's what I said, early 80s Martin Starr.
Everyone knows he's had two glorious phases in time.
Wrapping up a very productive week and heading to LA for the weekend.
Only bringing one project with me this time!
;
Thank you for the RT!
I hope we can talk soon, don't be afraid to tweet me when I'm in school okay?
: Love u so much :
I love America
RIP to a great guy and great Coloradoan, Jerry McMorris.
Awesome dude and proud to say that I knew him.
Love is like the wind you cant see it but you can feel it.
Goes with tonights episode
We love you, Miss Hannigan!
Bad air scorching doctor heat in the triple digits that doesnt let up...holy mother of jesus i might as well be in bakersfield.
Calling all Herbivores!Try our Village Green sandwich/salad.Wheat bread,avocado,tomato,carrots,cheddar cheese  Jungle Herd Spinach Pesto
Guess I'm a bit jaded on this one.
I'm usually thinking you should almost never assume stuff is free.
Def.
don't like tricks tho.
finally show time today!
So nervous...
hope I do well!
3
i go to sleep early...i wake up early
Another gorgeous day on the Bay at One Union Recording Studios!
I have accepted a role in David Mitchell Robinson's Olympic Village.
To be put on by the Alliance Theatre Acting program Winter Players.
I'm at MJQ wit it!
Finishing a show at another RV park.
So much fun, packed house!
These people love to laugh!
Let's go Ravens!!!!!
may be you should get a bike.
Or a real job.
Got a really cute pair of shoes today!!
: Can't wait to wear them tomorrow!!!
Lockwood Overture brass lever update  Infolink Architecture  Building
Thx for the review and the comments.
Will pass them along.
Hope you'll be able to try out our other hotels in DC sometime!
Bought our tickets more than a week ago!
Can't wait.
Is J on Twitter?
Can't find her....??
watching babe do the rest..i can't do anymore.
Don't try harder, do harder
Larry Bird  Magic Johnson on Letterman completely entertaining!
Not to mention the comedy of Dave is bringing it tonite.
Your pictures are awesome, and what a big crew you have!
Exwife of former Vandy chancellor supports medical marijuana bill
I feel like I'm cheating on Sporting by wearing my Cubs jacket.
Oops?
this is like watching Serie A games 15 years ago in the US.
Nope, that was not my quote.
Just 1 in response 2 my posting opposing sources u provided.
Checking the respondent's reasoning
Today I celebrate three wonderful years of marriage with my lovely wife !
what?!?
Why?
Crazy cool.
Kennedy says incivility sometimes furthers moral agenda eg brown and nat turner because reasonable people of good wlll may be mistaken.
is synced avatars the problem or unified spot for identity?
Rosey can cook, and andy can make the cocktails, and phil and i will enjoy!
No problem  can't wait to hear the record!
RT S/O to I appreciate everything!!
We may go to jail for the rest of our lives tonight, but hey, we had sex...
IGotNoRespectForYou , If Your Exteremly Ghetto  Illiterate .
Come On Now.
RT : Aquarius can be gentle and soft like a summer breeze and then turn violent and angry like a hurricane.
ROFLMAO!
Help!
:
6pm tonight: Grove tasting  the 1618 Wine Lounge in Greensboro  1724 Battleground.
Join us if you can.
One breath at a time.
Hang in there.
ditto.
So dissapointed
You can't use RubyGems itself to install RubyGems.
That would be like asking a baby to give birth to itself.
Use yum to install RubyGems.
MT : favorite COM moment this year: being a part of the team/joining and winning a telly.
youu guys know u are tagging me in ur conversations js idk if u are aware 3
I can't focus at all anymore, one too many test this week.
Zoo.
Ha yeah the bobby digital movie coming to a store near you ten years now.
Make that bawling with writing my acknowledgements.
mine are every single finger bc my hands are so small.
But try them out, let me know how many states u get,  I'll consider 
Check Out Our Great New Festivals  We are in the selection process and there is great stuff coming your way!!
I needed help, I needed hope.
I needed you Steven Ford to the nonprofessorts in the room at
Listening to badoctormance slightly dancing in my car...
Nothing weird, right?
But maybe they're battling a space kraken!!
That'd make it tought
I hope the free tshirt didn't go to your 40,963th follower...
I'm also still looking for opinions from women on crossdoctorssing men for my next post.
Please share at Thanks!
Grammar is the difference between knowing your shit and knowing youre shit.
Oh, Roger.
That hurt.
Twice in one match.
Took pics with Dest who wants to see ?:
I saw that Madness and James played.
What is this?
The 1980s?
Loll.
damn.
everybody is in there.
what did youu do?
I was talking with James doctorckman  Toby Bolsen before my career switch; it may be worth checking their recent work.
Nike has been cool for decades though everyone wears its shoes.
Apple has a similar allure.
.
stopped in DC today, shared report.
Curious 2 see results from studies applied 2 dance companies  organizations
Humans and cats have identical regions in the brain responsible for emotion.
happy nationalbartenderappreciationday a lot of bartenders will be appreciated tonight
You're welcome : To the woman walking the beach with booty shorts and high heels.
Very strange but...
thank you.
no it is not
yes but will fight thru!
Lol
definitely!
Lmfao we have the  to go on scary rides 
Just posted an awesome internship to the site.
If you're interested in it, apply!
thanks!!
I am feeling a little better.
Enough to go to my boyfriends soccer game hahah
hey Jenny...
want some brownies?
Followsaturday she keeps it real for other actors.
Do I shave again?
The shaved look might be growing on me.
Absolutely loved Peter Nimble!
Thinking about the Just Deserts still cracks me up.
All is well.
Thank you.
Hope you are all great.
Keep up the excellent writing :
did Valverde pull a Rodney and fake the arm injury?
Ty Webb got the save.
You coming in for the race?
Zanies tonight!!!
Thanks to for speaking at RocketSpace.
Follow your passion!
life needs a reset button but you can only use it once a fresh start at life k12 I would live it right
Want to get rewarded for all your gambling?Ask us how you can get comps at all your favorite casinos!
Fun with acronyms!
Stfu no one likes you
Hard to stick to your diet when the donuts are calling your name.
Country music sunshine and windows down!
Only one thing could make this better 
Day 2 of the Olympia...then back to Sac tonight to watch Scott in home opener of the Mountain Lions.
Catch the game on Verses at 8 pm PST.
Jammin' to Under the Mistletoe: I love it!!3
Protip: when submitting a paper to a repository, don't make it the Word doc with all the revision comments.
Highway warm sing silent poetry.
Corgan
Awesome!
thanks :
I really need to stop tweeting and doctorving def not okay to pass an Ambulance ...
Oops :/
Start your engine its Daytona 500 Time The Anchor Bar..
New Costume Adult Sexy First Class captainin Pilot Costume
Downtown Chi with the love
knicks shoulda traded lobsanity today.
His value can't get any higher.
A little early to so checking ATL for an extra dark pair of shades to combat this sol during yoga!!!
If you must wear contact lenses during allergy season, consider the daily wear lenses.
Put in a new pair every day and throw it out at night
cuz some ppl are just dumb
lol only you
A fantasy map?
Liberty City from Grand Theft Auto incorporates some of the best features of Google maps: including Streetview
Bmv tmister.
Gonna be fun....
Lol.
So close to being able to doctorve our car!!!
:
Crappy venue, crappy crowd, crappy weather, crappy game.
Long live the bowl system!
what's on ur mind?
My Bacon So Far  Jane Fonda
Want to doctorss up your floors for the soon to come Holidays!!!!
Stop by or call for some great ideas!!!
My friends did play the first time I showed them the game  3 or 4 times, and had a lot of fun.
But now they won't.
Can they make a version of Ebony and Ivory that I don't feel awkward singing along too?
Mocha and Ivory?
get the split and also don't forget to peep our music.
1st album on iTunes and you can play us on Pandora.
Get back at us.
Thanks
J COLE
thank u sir ;
You did!
thanks!
That means a lot!
People heading up social media initiatives with almost zero online footprint is the new jumbo shrimp via
AW MAN THATS NOT GOOD!
EVERYONE NEEDS A PINK LEMON SHIRT!
I'm going to bed.
East coast is just waking up!
Is something wrong with that???/??
Naaaaaaa!
Im good!
: ; xoxoxoxo
Back from school:
it was SO loud here
Hahaha I'm digging all these Coventry Rhymes.
Keep em coming and ill put them in an album!
i'm new to twitter.
shoutout?
:
It wouldn't matter if she did.
She knows I never call in unless I'm dying ;
Cropsey fantastic fest great doc.
Next screening on Monday.
Filmmakers also have dvd's for sale.
I know it was crazy!
Never know what to expect here!
A warm hello to all my new followers, I talk about books too much and it's awesome to bore you all with my doctorvel : HI!!!
NowPlaying Peter Gabriel  in Your Eyes
Best part of National GIS Day Talks  a student expressing his desire to take as many GIS classes as possible
Standard night for him isn't it?
: Good luck to tonight smashing moonshine and fat girls!
A city on the brink, RT : lol the people from nap are trash .
well some .
That awkward moment when you put on shorts and realise you didn't shave....
if only the rest of us were as lucky
I can help you get to the Oregano Bienale...
To all the moms in Rochester: starting this Tuesday at 10 am till 11 am.Momy and Me Classcome with your child and enjoy fitness togethert
were you ever planning on returning my bike rack?
haha
Love me some LTC I See on leftover lunch!
I think the rain stopped when the song started, seriously!
I don't think anyone will ever understand  me.
Were so weird :p
Your excitement makes me excited!
: Excitement is stirring for the reading of your series in May.
I can't ...
Enjoy the lake view and a pint of Witty at Newport Shores.....
I know I will!!!
Approaching Michigan and Madison and Chafing Oh My!!!
Just launched our new website!!!
Check out www.fanmailfundoctorising.com  You'll love the changes just as much as we do!!
We are excited to be here for Despierta Austin interview about mentoring with CIS.
I need an in house engineer.
Like 4real.
I need some bricks of that Activas
Girl: ''Im getting off text me.'' Me: ''I dont have your number.'' Then she gives me 7 digits.....
Cool?
wahhh ': y'all were the hardest part in making my decision cause now im gonna have to make new study friends who arent as cool.
I know.
sheesh 
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present.
Bil Keane
Thank you!!
RT : happy mothers day 
Strike 1 Designers  Strike 2 for me at Oscars don't recognize names of the supporting actresses
Yay!
Almost as good as being there.
Tell Erik Happy Birthday for us!
Wtf Wisconsin do we have no idea how to doctorve.
Traffic is so bad I'm live tweeting from the doctorvers seat!!!
i'm going to fail my chemistry SOL tomorrow
rookie closers will age RV fast.
Fun stuff.
agreed.
Live with a woman for ten years and not much is surprising...
And why would you ask that?
i can't believe some goof shipped me a clock with the pendulum and key INSIDE the case.
Or whatever that shit called.
we were moving to the other Side of the office
When brings me Starbucks after school 
For sure!
I'm glad you're back!
thank you for the follow.
I would like to keep tabs on your son's progress.
well that's your fault if you miss it considering your 15 ft away
Thank you for the heads up.
We were about to remove you from the people we follow
You wanna wear pushup bras  heavy makeup while dancing with Bill Cosby?
I love my Saint Thomas Goons
I wanna play temple run!!!!!!
that's amazing!
congrats :
thanks!
I love your beauty and style boards.
Oh and your hat one...heck, I love them all.
FF Comics that
His defense has been great though.
RT : unimpressive night for Rondo even with the tripledouble
companies that still offer HC benefits are shifting employees into plans with higher deductibles
they are Very Active!
But loving every minute :
yes!
I just saw this!
Still looking for two tickets for my procrastinator brother!
No problem at all.
Will resend Monday.
Have a great weekend!
RT : Excited to be in the studio this afternoon with at 4pm
I'm sorry : by grandpa just went into remission, thank the lord
Every year I think WSU can't Coug it more than the last time, and every time they prove me wrong
I'm gonna kiss you 
remember back when i was a twitter newbie?
and you taught me the ways of twitter awesomeness?
i fail at reading i thought u said u where at obamas place chillin
Would you really put a guy in office who ties his caged dog to the roof of his car for 12 hours and sees nothing wrong with this?
nope.
Haga guess we just got to be ratchet.
Friends are like the bacon bits of life Jerry Wright
lmao hit me up
Dub johnson's a beast!!!
RT RT : Do NOT lower your standards to keep anyone.
Make them meet you at YOUR level.
we are now reviewing IAP Literature application
Your list is beautiful I 'd love 2get all songs especially his ver of Rocketeer.There was alsoLadies is Pimps
YES SHE DOES!!
Really loving the vt state archivist's keynote addoctorss
There's a new SpiderMan!?
Very interesting.
Give examples.
RT : Even the most faithful believer can serve a false god.
RT 1 day of art, culture, food  fun ExploreFultonMarket Sat., May 12th 125pm.
Walk, stroll, taste, and see Chicago's West Loop!
NEW FUNNY LIFE STORIES STARTING TOMORROW.
BEEN TELLING THESE FOR YEARS AND WAY BETTER THEN THAT MAX GUY
who else is sick of spam DMs?
Melanie
notbuyingit hash tag is kinda just being a debbie downer...
but agree was awful
Who's coming to 's concert in LA?
:D
fritzy's MFN song was awesome
The Phillies Cole Hamels is suspended for 5 games for intentionally beaning Rookie Bryce Harper.
follow back?
GO LOOK AT HIS FACEBOOK!
You've been dating for a day, you aren't in love, shut up.
Todays kinda sucked.
whats everyone up to?
yeah couch not so much!
Big sale on popular workshops today..
FYI my website is down.
BlueHost is having problems this morning.
idk about that ;
70 for parking !..I needed to clarify that
Doc Rivers on KG: He was phenomenal.
He bailed us out.
There were 35 players in today's 140 buy in noon Bounty Tournament.
The top 5 places get paid, first is 1345.
RichardBranson Poised Creation in El Paso would like to pay homage!!
Miss you, buddy!
Can't wait to be back!
Sneezy morning!
Please do not be a start to another cold.
Ive got some traveling to do!
The only reason why I wear a seatbelt is so I don't get a ticket..
Somebody should totally make a fanpage called !
If you do, i'll promote you for free!
X
yo momma so stupid she thought a cheerio was a doughnut seed....
Awesome day at the church picnic!
Big thx 2 everyone who worked on the property to get it ready, and every1 who made the day so much fun!
don't ask me to be your child's God father when you don't even know who the real father is
You definitely should!
The last one was a blast!!!
:
O boy.
Can't wake up today!
Yeah and Julietta is the name of a boy, very manly ;D Oh man you're unbelievable ; we'll stop before your head explodes ; 
Somebody hand me my boots I'm going skiing!
The villain pimp slapped somebody to into next week
Good group you have, Kim!
All excited to see you
ok so it's another day and we're closer to our goal.
Any thoughts on getting celeb RTs for our film?
:
Nut is good for your hair true or false shining message us answer
Ask Me Friday will start now.
Tweet me or DM me you questions and I will answer them.
If you tweet them use AskCodyCR in your tweet.
Fair enough!
My thought was that you should have a resume to be considered an actress.
But I'm good w/ bad actress, haha.
Recommend taking your family to Tony awardwinning musical You're A Good Man Charlie BrownScripps Ranch Theatreends tonight!
Tixs 1025
thxx a bunch :D
Four things a woman should know: How to look like a girl, How to act like a lady, How to think like a man, And how to work like a dog.
Thanks!
What Hungarian wine are you loving.Love Gere.
Also loved Joszef Bock and Hagymasi Bormester when I was there
I cant wait for Hume 1st and 2nd I mean on a Friday and on a Saturday!
I cant wait:
At pick n pull listening to Megan tell me about breast cancer
sigh RT : Alex Gonzalez had his mister today.
It confirmed that he did tear the ACL is his right knee.
Can't break away for bfast or lunch?
Maxie's is Musseling in the new year with 1 lb of lemon garlic mussels for 7.
All day, all night.
Hey!
How are you?
I haven't talk to you in a while.
what shall we do?
: I know it's a little early, but screw it.
I'm heading to Miller Park.
openingday brewers
In the front at the LMFAO concert.
Still 3hours to go.
People are rude
jordan playing too early in the morning
I was hoping vladimir would punch him instead of separating the 2
Black  Yellow
But doctorpal is great.
We love doctorpal!
doctorpal, doctorpal, doctorpal!!!
No alibi will save you from accepting the responsibility.
Napoleon Hill
Happy Valentine's Day from the VATeam!
Sending our heartfelt wishes to all of our lovable friends and followers!
Kate Winslet looks incredible.
I eat donuts, bacon and the rug.
Pee in the shower and watch teen mom
thanks for the follow : absolutely Loving the Natural World!!
awesome photos
Shenanigans and bullshit
Good luck on exams today!
Anyone have experience in Instructional Design or related field?
Anyone who works in Curriculum Development?
Just was in a train collision!
NoJoke!...and the shit wasn't even fully built..wtf!?!?
Sometimes I regret not being social in high school then I'm glad I didn't ..
I had no doctorma, trouble, no mishaps..
Welcome back!
RT is returning to again today!
i got those ones, there to fresshhhh.
how you been?
Maybe they should stop treating him like he's still 20 yrold phenom
Oscar is my crush3
Ahoy!
Thank you for sharing and YOU'RE awesome!
Any seats left?
Little Rock
sigh Cody I give up i try so hard to get you to see me I'm always right there but I see that you don't care..this hurt me alot.
I put my pants on one arm at a time, just like everybody else
Crazy Summer is a UrbanFiction novel by ColeHart.
Coming soon.
If PhiPhi wins tonight I'll never watch again!
Recommends campuses find a way to send students to IA, too.
Bret's not going to be happy about that.
Brennan nearly gets hit on the blitz.
House Freshman Republicans will go down as the most childish legislators our country has ever seen
Hope you get to see some PO action dude!!
deserved  Let's go pens !!
Score early in OT so I don't have to go to bed too late
yeah from then it was ok until about steveston hwy and shell rd where she just lost control of her stomach...
Parents of the 7wk baby in my airplane row made goodies bags for everyone sitting near them.
I got chocolate, gum,  earplugs.
Nice!
For the record, I would never, ever mess with Jacob Peterson.
Research shows: the inability to focus helps ensure a richer mixture of thoughts in consciousness daydoctoramers rule baby not tiger moms!
Just noticed your new pic...guess I've been pretty MIA lately!
Cant wait to get away from everything and relax for a week!!
Just got told I look exactly lie Lindsay Lohan.
In gonna go throw myself off a bridge now.
also a remarkable number of books told from the perspective of childoctorn  tricks for avoiding too much tech
: Any words of wisdom from the AAUP11 exhibits panel?
Our ACQ and MKTG dpts.
are meeting today to coordinate 2012 exhibits.
LMAO...we're the best!
I miss the starlight lounge, and i've never even been there
hahahahha.
you get me slug.
you get me.
Foxtrot automates data cleanup within Excel workbooks.
Need to change names from all CAPS to Proper Format in seconds?
Foxtrot can help!
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
Saw Barbara Clark  Roylene Walker perform East Meets West  The Institute of Musical Arts yesterday.
Great Stories!
congratss Bruins!!!
BOSTON IS GOING NUTS RITE NOW!!
: stanley cup here we comee!!!!
owww owww :
singing at THE UNDERGROUND WONDER BAR tonite 810ish, 3 beer, 5 martinis!10 E Walton.
Hard week; give me some sugar 2nite, I'll sing 4u.
Go Lions!
Have an hour for lunch?
Come to 19th and K for a quick or long massage.
Go to www.massagedc.com and get your 10 off coupon.
Have you tried Twicca?
I've always found it to be the best of a soso lot.
Mobile Broadband will have a bigger impact on the Web, than Wireless had on Telecommunications.
Jazzbah is ready to ENTICE you tomorrow night..
Event starts promptly at 9pm, reserve your seats now 5052435299

takes the USopen.
USGA events have notoriously little signage making the shirt billboards priceless!!
i miss you bro.
hope youre enjoying maui
Thx!
expensive because made in USA.
Trying to help the economy!
well, I was quite a pain in the ass as a ninth grader.
Some things never change I suppose.
Just got offered a sales/marketing job on spot starting right after graduation
...she should be sharting that thing out today.
on the miracle of birth
If you're interested, shoot me an email at .
North or South?
Just pasted a gas station near Kings Dominion that looked like it was the set on for the opening scene in Zombieland.
Can G get a little love from Flipboard plz?
Agreed.
That's why I use Numbers.
And Keynote instead of PowerPoint.
lol, actually no.
But when u said Leak should go down to Lville it got me curious.
Just sitting watching RedLegs.
Have been editing on a short, and feel rather good about the first go.
Evil is not just personal, but structural and spiritual.
Walter Wink
: Of course.
Left wing if you don't know what you are talking about.
Thanks for following!
change that to anyone....
no whining.
VegasAirport TSA: Ma'am, we need 2 rescan your knee, Me: My what?
TSA: Your knee, looks like there's something metal in it.
Really?!
thanks!!!
Be there soon!
how are you doing?:
Thanks for following the event!
We'll be live tweeting our panel tomorrow on blackmusic!
'Don't chase the unavailable, welcome the open!
I feel the same way!
Watched Fat, Sick and Nearly Dead.
Glad that I eat healthy.
Wow.
Realionaire has that effect on you.
I did the same thing.
Whoa, HBO.
You can't say Jon Snow is 14 in one episode and then imply that he's 16 in the next!
People notice these things!

live in the past if you want, but I promise it's not going to get you anywhere
excuse me ??
Let it be just the first of many warm weather picnics!
WeCantDateIf there are no treerings.
..
Thanks for the mention!
The painpill issue is completely out of hand but has been swept under rug for years for .
Thanks for supporting!
i understand that..
what i meant was, i trust that you and your business constituents will find a way to work with/through it.
Don't you love it when you hear the perfect song on the radio?
Then you hear it again on another channel moments later?
Hey Alex!
I like yoga at exhale spa in chicago.
A lot of people like core fusion as well but I haven't been there a ton.
NW The Long Shot....
never seen it.!!
sore sore sore sore sore sore sore
RT Am I the only one with a 50's station on pandora?
/ That makes us two of us : lol
Reserve a Zipcar w/OR St Parks or NW Forest Passes this wknd!
Expand the vehicle info tab when reserving to see your Zipcar's amenities.
I love rice 3
whatever idoctors, don't be salty because we're elderly but a million times better!
Holla if you have me, fuck you if you had.
Words of wisdom of doctorke :
I just saw the worst case of front butt.
It looked like she swallowed a UFO
New Houston Location 10700 Richmond Ave, Suite 223 Houston, TX 77042 77042 By Appointment Only
all I can say is Thank you!
The Lord is using your worship downloads to fill my heart.
lol random moment sorry :
50 are or look like guys tome.
The others are getting a visit from the troll ferry
Hah, no!
We just got out of the pool and went and got some food.
:P
I think it looks clean and fabulous!
Great Job!
Thinking of how the notion of generative tech infrastructure can be related to emerging social practices
Busker doing ukelele version of Boys Are Back In Town next to restaurant.
R U thinking about doing any sports/fundoctorising events?
We would love it if U would choose StorybookDads as your charity!
When it hurts so bad you can't even talk..
RT : In response to my Qs, Jerry Brown takes indirect shot at Jay Goldsone, says state finance director Matosantos makes 173K
LOL!
You got it.
Mk shoulda stayed home with me :
thatawkwardmoment when teachers imply or make inappropriate jokes
That awkward moment when 2 of your BF friends like you....
Monster Mania Truck Show  Lazy E Arena, January 78!
Tickets Starting  8!
For more info  to purchase tix visit Lazye.com!
I'm like a giddy little kid, listening to Murph work this broadcast.
I go to golds gym on Wisconsin avenue too!!
Small world!!
I got you next time your in ATL
What the hell!!
I didnt think it was suppose to rain 
The doctornk can go to sleep now but the sober kid who was suddenly woken up by the doctornk because he wanted to discuss emotions now can not...
Nice art Lina like!
Rock on!
Got my iPhone4S shipment notification this morning.
It is Oct.
14th yet?
This rainy weather better be gone by the weekend!
Numbers are proof your gut is correct.
Consumer confidence has improved, well priced and well positioned properties are selling
I'm doing bobby brown jodeci and r.
Kelly
HelloVineyard Forgot to include on my reply.
But corrected my error and voila, now all is instantly well again!
:
There's not a chance in hell I'm doing High Heel Derby.
Please come over and help me put my smoke alarm back up.
I desperately yanked it off the ceiling but I'm too short to put it back up :
it's good, I have, and I will!!
Thanks!
Train Your BRAIN: April Norris will be taking the audience on an audiovisual journey to train your brain for success.
Who can say no to...
: great night watching at the Walnut Street Theater.
Benyou're an amazing actor!much love and thanks Carolyn
Alright, companies.
It's about time for a heart to heart about who you are and what you want.
Brand therapy time.
Thanks for sharing the resource link to the session.
Stuff in there I didn't know about.
May need to rework our site.
:
This year's NHL Trade Deadline Day is sponsored by Google...
They got who?!?...
let me Google him....
RT : Blazers Courtside is on LIVE now.
Send us your questions/comments.
TBCourtside
Signal coming and going as we ascend Hunter Mountain.
App update of City goal a dagger.
How are you feeling?
Do you still have pieces that you wrote when you were a teen?
Share them with us for a special web edition.
send to
Mike s Early View of the News May 13, 2012
telling employees that we need to have a growth mindset to take everyday as a learning experience!
If you want to be followed back and im not following u, mention me with a taylor gang or
RT : Every bitch is a model on twitter lmao .
Bitch please SitYoAssDown WOW
I was a regular dancer on Bandstand in the sixties so sad
How is social media being used to share museum experiences outside of museum's page, but instead, friend to friend?
Can we know?
Cuz Im No Whr Near Sleepy
I saw a nickel and my sister was like  niiicolaaa, like ricolaaa
hm thank goodness I don't date any girls here lol.
love you more :
God and I are deeply divided on this Denver Broncos issue.
honored.
hope it holds up
we have a first aid kit friends gave as joke because of my crazy kids.
It has splinter remover tool.
BEST thing ever.
Get one
Not feeling too hot today.
Bummed, I wanted to stop by the NOH8Seattle shoot and show support!
: :/ 
would love to learn more about your agency!!
Mixed opinions on this winter's lack of snow.
Thanks for the RTs, , and others..
I'm in nola now but I'm hoping to be at the scavenger hunt.
Must not be selling much if he has time to lie about FREE cappers!
Good luck today sir.
Lets make an office snuggie that is done in biz casual fabric and a reclining office chair
That is probably the most truthful statement ever spoken.
RT : Can you believe some teenager tried to bride the DMV to reinstate his license and also make him 21 years old.
well there goes christmas now santa is gonna forget everyone and go get a lady gaga christmas tree oh god wait till mister.santa finds out 00
lol.
I know right.
Dont you hate when the sand in the taco bell meat gets in your vagina?
Selvia does
My boys are growing up so fast.
Archer's 1st birthday is in a month...
Ugh.
oh snap
Amen sister!
RT : I'm beyond excited.
Opportunities come when you least expect them.
That face is adorable!!
RT I LOVE this default.
Farmers market in Columbia City today and no rain!
Stop into Andaluz and check out the new merch!
Dweezil Zappa, Frank's boy, turns 42 today.
I think he's kinda hot.
de nada mama!
Hello, Michigan.
Oh go fuck yourself
there's something wrong with me.
This makes me rlly wanna play bocci now.
Anyone down to start a game?
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!I love u ur so inspirational and are a AMAZING dancer I am the girl that went to arizona  I'm from Florida..
CC250 FLOATING THRU THE SKY AGAIN!
WILL I EVER FIND MY WAY
plz follow me for my b day plzz im 13 and i realy want a follow
: Please can we turn the Tebow talk?
NOT being a fan is fun.
everyone knows jesus is a steeler fan...and he digs yonder
is back to square 1 on the wedding planning...I'm taking any suggestions/advice from friends and family...please send help my way!
Only one day left to tweet or DM why you should win 2 tickets to Last Night of the Proms at Newark Palace Theatre on Sat 28th Jan.
shot I know!
That was funny as hell
That's pretty funny!
Where they do that at?
U need to get the point.
Like Vivica.peel beyotch!!
hahaha
That's for sure.
You are one more step from greatness 
Had a great meeting with a fabulous interior designer who understands how to apply green to interiors.
Her web site www.tylertinsworth.com
Watching the Players Championship and every time Rickie Fowler is shown, I think Johnny Depp suddenly took up golf.
Is Tim Burton his caddy?
Speed bumps xD
Truly love showing guys up in the gym
RT : i actually bought that kors watch rose gold for my girl last month on her bday
Jersey Shore BABY!!
nope haven't met Gibson.
I stared at him from behind a bookshelf at Powell's once though.
Hey hommie slice!!!
I miss ya crazy butt!!!
Studio quality beats/tracks for 25
hahah..
that was classic
Off to Mystic to convene with Connecticut's convivial librarians.
just performed in 90 degree weather with walking ammonia....
If you try to get rid of fear and anger without knowing their meaning, they will grow stronger and return.
What about mystery?
Has anyone read some chilling mystery tales lately?
Maria is speaking now....
If this year is like years previous, The Iron Cactus should give you an award.
no it just made no difference.
Neither can throw for shit.
isn't that a meatloaf song?
new gig?
Do tell!
Lunch sometime soon to catchup?
Not all those who wander are lost.
J.R.R.
Tolkein
got you locked in
Hire me and I PROMISE you'll never find me rummaging through your garbage for leftovers.
Probably.
Thanks James!!
We interrupt this marathon editing session to get some cake...yum cake.
Life's real failure is when you do not realize how close you were to success when you gave up.
Take yo ahh to skool RT: Im messing with every one this morning ..
Im so bored but GoodMorning Loves .!
hell yea.
Get better soon though.
We be missing ya on these shoots doooggg
lemme know when you get back from the gym!
got an email of beats to send you!
being disconnected from the world for a week was nice..
: Etch a Sketch: When I said let Detroit go bankrupt, I meant take credit for Obama's brilliant jobsaving plan.
When tracks over I'm really going to miss them :
Yes Joe.
Real based on student background  real learning
The heat pissin me off
Monster kills Palance...GAME OVER, Major monster victory.
Thanks for playing!
Has your food allergic child been excluded from activities because of allergies and lack of consideration by adults?
This is the winter that weather that we wait for in FL.
It will be over with all too soon.
Sha na na na na....live for today........
We need to have a discipline in our prayer life  fasting.
And it's hard to develop one by yourself.
grin Not that far back.
I stayed in the last 100 years.
:
chances are if he's played in Portugal at any given time Mendes owns him or owns the person who does...
Old Todd!
Thanks for your support!
My political platform is taking shape: siestas  bumping cell phone doctorvers are top priority.
it's been real while I was home!
It was good seeing you  fam the other day sis
Thanks for the follow
WE LOVE YOU, Please notice me?
Please don't change, ever.
:
we never got sushi?
Lets change that asap!
Plus, when are you twenty one?
Best part of puppet show according to adults' reactions: pointing at the hippo heinie to indicate The End.
Buncha sickos.
Who is going to win?
It is those who are more consistent than anyone else at doing things that stretch who they are, so that they can becom
I love you 13
BEAUTIFUL PHOTO!!

Sometimes you need to run away just to see who will come after you.
It's never easy
Getting my hair done by someone new for the first time in 5 years.
It feels so wrong!
Hines will retire as a Steeler!!!
Happy 93rd birthday to the great American musical icon Pete Seeger.
Like Louis Armstrong, contemporary music wouldn't be the same w/o him.
Jordy Nelson: Baddest white boy alive!
you are speaking English right now .
what professorssion?
Seriously?
You tried to trot out WAR  Era as indicators?
Try FIP, xFIP,  some real predictive indicators.
no one will..
sex will either be obsolete or we'll all be dead
..to consider for a armload of musical compilationsand get them all scheduled to be on the island of Jamaica for stuff...enough detail.
my uncle from Ohio is flying down to enjoy too...keep bringing the jazz we love...much thanks...
Welcome Colleen!
on the voice!
It's such a chill Monday.
Just updated the class list on www.bethsdiyworkshop.com Looking forward to setting up my lathe in the workshop this month
Good lord.
This guy 's doctorms 
Find new angles for old blog posts to come up with new content.
PerryThe American ppl want Washington out of their hair, there's a model for that  check out my hair!
FF For good debate on issues:
Thank you!
If you mustache us any questions about our facial hair board, don't be shy!
So happy for everyone graduating this weekend!
Congratulations and welcome new Alumni!
I eat like 5 pregnant people lol.......
It's a cycle of strangers to lovers, and currently we're strangers, far from lovers
you rock
Im Always Up Chasing My doctoram !
FOR LENT I'M GIVIN UP ON LIFE.
SO DUECES TO THE OLD ME AND WHAT IT DO TO THE NEW ME 
: you are missing the best WAVE I have seen in a long time!
: you better be wavin'!
So co co co cooollddddddd!
Pressure wash top deck, bottom deck and patio, check!
lol no bitch
I don't think imported from detroit was a rebranding failure!
Just watched so many videos!
Love it!
That's why I'm in Marketing!
RT That about covers it, Sean.
RT : Taylor Stoermer: Idea Arsonist
Off to Cambridge MD to talk to progressive Eastern Shore activists about plastic litter  problems and solutions.
Planning my next month of travel.
Where should I go?
Thinking of a genealogy trip to the UK...
bcuz I bought the game on my xbox lol
There's a place for true thought leadership.
For most execs, it's important to addoctorss hot client issues  get closer to revenue
Awesome.
Want to schedule a phone call?
thanks!
i'll take a look
love that joint, but miss that horn!
thanks for the shoutout!
Great to meet you!
Your cookies are EPIC!
I don't really care if my socks match if I have pants on.
Damnn bass cant get a bucket
Did you guys figure out your plans for tmister?
I hate when people post like a million status in one day
Yep!
Where u sitting
How much would it cost me since he doesn't know me
Hey Tiffani!
This is really late, but thx for the Boston congrats!
I actually was really sick, but still a great time!
How r u?
Good morning today not school
some may consider it coastal, it's wet
sorry just saw this.
Yes, I have had a private practice since 2004.
: how you do all you do boggles the mind!
supermom careerdiva rockstar oh my, no idea how I needed that today
Already am:
is so GRAND : We should start SandoctorMara 3 lol
I used to have a pet hedgehog and it was terrible!
Who's a bigger train wreck?
Lohan or Sheen?
I heard they hooked up.
God...
If you have a plan for me.
I would really love to know it.
Thanks.
I got money...
hoes.
Money and hoes...
To become a season subscriber, March 28th!
But we have not announced single tix onsale dates for any of our shows yet
Got zoom teeth whitening today.
Shazam they are white, and throbbing!
Vicodin and
this pizza 
Today was your Friday?
Mine was yesterday.
It was cute watching you run to lock the doors but I was already inside ;
and I thank God you came along and changed my life with brave ideas, new hope, new thinking and thus a new life!
never better
follow my cuz!!
He's a genuine dude who'll have u rolling!!
fun
I know I'm a good friend because I put all my problems aside to help my friends with their problems:
Sigh.
Honoree selection for quote of the month based on previous 30day period.
Reign spans 30 days that follow.
I wish I had a cat, but I can't because of my allergies.
Then I would have something to snuggle when I have no bf around.
Very sad to hear about Donna Summer.
A truly unique and powerful voice whose music soared in an era with a lot of soso sludge.
RIP
which is why I do my best not to have them
Having a hard time finding something to fit my mood.
Trying JAG now.
more 2how exactly a bill got watered down, passed or killed; who did what instead of only relying on any1 pundits or person's rant.
The Bruins will MURDER the Knucks
If you have to call the other woman just to see if she's slaying your man, than maybe you need a new man...
Just a reminder that we will be closed Thursday and Friday to celebrate Thanksgiving!
A bike cop just caught me jaywalking.
All he did was shake his head and tisk at me.
Kiss is better than cooking
Ayy bro you coming?
baylors losing cause they dont have the bright yellow jerseys on
lt I wonder if he was going off my tweet , or we both got good taste in music lol
UNC system student health insurance costs to rise
We can all do so much more than we originally think we can.
Surprise yourself with how much you can rock today.
ugh I love it there.
But no snow, right?
So I notice all of my mocasins are missing and decide to look for them...
My aunt has about 20pairs under her bed
Might not shake sub's hansd but he can get his ass whooped by them.
Don't go by what u heard come to me with the situation like a man!!!
Thank you so much for including us today.
The speaker was awesome.
So was the lunch!
Remember, bus reroutes are in effect from 611pm on Alberta.
Catch the bus at stops on Killingsworth instead.
No one has the right to feel hopeless, theres too much work to do  Dorothy Day
YOU ARE AMAZING 3
That stonergirl twitter is fucking dumb.
anyone there know what kind of watches were given to the boys of '62 during home opener Friday?
Are good.
lazy.
bald.
giants.
all very scary traits.
Right on  thanks!
happy birthday girll!!
Pleasee follow me back!
Hope you have an amazing day!!
HappyBirthdayNicolette happybdaynicolette
Since u never know what the next moment brings, u can't ever judge a situation as bad...
Expect positive outcomes!
Miss my summer workout buddy
YOU KILLED THAT SLIGHTWORK REMIX.
YOU BASICALLY WHITECHALK EVERYTHING YOU TOUCH.
yo sarcasm hurts
Thanks for the shoutout!!
That's true technically.
Maybe 3 is left after paying shareholders and huge CEO compensation.
No kidding!
What are we doing inside running reports?
Thanks.
Good to know.
Wish I could be there.
Am in Mexico.
Love Twitter!!!
thanks for the kind words!
I'm the guy in the pink shirt and blue blazer
just saw you playing the role of Bobbi on the iconic TV show WonderWoman You look even younger today!
Crazy afternoon here in NTex!
: Tornadoes hit Dallas  Ft.
Worth area.
Safety and prayer go out to all my friends in Texas.
Doing the callback dance!
Woo hoo!
does anyone have any questions for Fletcher from Pennywise?
We're interviewing him in a few hours, I'm stoked!
Have a great week:
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Do you have Coors Light?
Now following back 3
Q: u still around?
A: around but lonely.
Gotta a question?
I'll answer it for 2.3 million dollars.
LA hosts Spurs but look for SA to spank the Lakers as LA is 1  5 against winning teams
congratulations Mom Hedgehog Librarian!
What did she receive her degree in?
A pick 6 and UT is right there now, within 2 points.
Usually atm gets up by more before they choke.
Weird.
If you know what is coming next, you don't convince an audience that you are inventing what you are saying.
Now its time to shred one of my favorite skate parks!
Adding lots of mulch, I hope.
Once those longburied weed seeds see daylight...
BAM!
Love gardening, too.
Woke up when I was supposed to leave for school.
can already tell todays gonna sucks.
This research methods class is so boring
tonight on AIBTV 7pm, if you need help and no one else can help call
I know.
I wanted to scream.
She just looked at scratch  said she didn't do it, and maybe I hadn't seen it before.
Seriously.
No.
Happy new year, I hope your holidays treated you well.
I hope 2012 treats you well.
Have a good day.
IThankGod for breathing life into me
Fucking giggle puff
How about him calling Nancy Pelosi Princess Nancy?
He has no respect for anybody!
What's wrong with the Amer people?
NO CAIN!
My girl said I get more girls than niggas do smh so not true...I'm VERY lowkey and to myself
lol we're watching Willy wanka and the chocolate factory
Happy Easter babes!!
I miss u more love!!
3
could you follow us back please?
Love your stuff!
Any chance we can get a link to your rant from Th ?
Leg/women
Quality is high bc there is actually so little done to it.
I'm not that worried, if anyone did I'd be1st to defend Howard Wayne.
bossman what is up
Karin and I both thank you for mentioning her guestpost; it's much appreciated!
Aren't most of them awful
I Jennifer.
You're so right, but what can you expect from that amoral bunch.
The Dark Shadows 90's version is on today!!!
No one cares.
hey Len what are the chances that I could sing the stretch tomorrow for my 25th BDay with ?
RTTTTTTTT : I honestly think Chipolte and Zaxbys are over rated..
All smiles
Commute safely today, everyone.
It's messy out there!
I'm 40 times better then I was my Aj ain't on my level bro and I no he will kill u
Happiness comes to you when you live your life consistent with your highest values and deepest convictions.
Brian Tracy
Happy Father's Day to all the Dad's out there
thanks for reminding me...
i almost died!
If we let ppl , they will steal the best parts of us but if you believe in yourself n god that is enough 2 carry u past their prejudgements
Thanks for the recommendation!
requests for graphics need to go through your sales rep.
getgo in verona :
: tell all these fakes who made Edsup  I do believe Del originated the edsup hash taggive credit where its due
Working out dwntwn.
Being dead seems boring
A Gemini is, perhaps, the most exciting, adventurous companion you will ever know.
I assume OccupyAlbuquerque will need extra hands for the move Saturday at 9am, from Tight Grove to Yale Park.
If I were a couch...
I'd be real comfy, too.
Break time for judging.
I'm guessing the three finalists will be Kris Bowers, Joshua White and Pascal LeBoeuf
no, he was trying to kill me with his bike.
spend good  on a jogging stroller or it'll kill you/your back.
two big tests today and I'm not ready for neither of them :
sup my brutha
all i could hear in my head was Forrest singing those lines!
listening to one of the illest to touch the wheels of steel for the original old school at noon....
tune in  www.power983fm.com
KWCH is here interviewing us!
Z....Long Z lol What's up boy how you doing??
Yes.
An abomination in the eyes of the Lord.
Girl, I'll be thinking about you worldwide
Just finished loading my backpack for the weekend I've been anticipating since I learned about this trip last August: Machu Picchu!
i was literally screaming on the top of my lungs when you guys where performing i love you guys:
Hewlett officer made 'more nervous' by talk at cies2012 accountability panel
Almost to 900 fans!!!
Help us get there by sharing our page with your friends!!!
the auteur is the art
oo
God bless you, Sister.
Thanks for the follow.
:
Happy Birthday!
Did you know you share your day w/ Calamity Jane, Tim McGraw  Stuart Appleby?
That's quite the group...
Were you saying you did not enjoy the accommodations at Hotel El Mirador
Screw this mess, I'm moving to Charlestown!
I stay away from my p.beliefs.
Some parents get irate
Anthony Davis is so ugly!
That's good to hear  your shows have been some of the best times ever Can't wait to see you at festivals this year
You're impossible to resist, but I wouldn't bet your heart on it.
yep, I've seen it a few times.
Then copied the moves on my doctorve home.
RT if u love and believe in god cause I do I LOVE GOD!!:333
Now writing 3 books:: Waking Up!
SeizetheMoment, and The Power Breakthroughs of RBMason's Unconventional Biofeedback.
Pub date soon.
forever alone swaq
I have returned from my brief detainment following a protest for OccupyLA.
I salute my fellow activists as the fight for justice continues!
Congrats on the call up good to see the former Red Hawks moving on to the show.....all the best from
Good night of sleep at hospital.
I credit the pint of Cherry Garcia prescribed by my wife.
Some ones left ankle is hurting..
pain be gone in Jesus name be healed in Jesus name
You're not serious about making changes in your life until you're willing to take personal responsibility for your actions  your time
You'd love it!
Roland Smith is visiting our Middle School Library next week.
Used google forms for a have lunch with the author contest.
Great responses!
45 min until first pitch here at Sessions Stadium between and the Owls!
I can finally say that next month is my Birthday:
just not there anymore bro!
I can do better next time...
My lease is up on my car in July and I need ideas!
Can't wait for the tomorrow!
Re: taxes, Most people don't mind lending their money to government because they have nothing more productive to do with it
Howdy back at ya!
Time to get the ROWE groove on w/ this morning!
I may be able to say that coffee is my critical mass
sicckkk!
Hope is was on accident
think about how many doctorg deals are going on in the world right now
It's days like this when I wish I lived on a planet all by myself.
Is wondering when and are coming to visit.
We have adventures waiting...
This sunday is the vintage reggae winter fest, weather forecast is 80 degrees
Miranda PLEASE FOLLOW ME: I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
The Indy Valpak Office is jamming out to today to end the week right!
What are you doing?
Seeing american reunion then going to the premier of Cabin in the Woods.
yup thats my name and its nice to meet u to:
My fiancé is the most luckiest women in the world to have a guy like me as her future husband.
: 3 cc:
God calls us to be committed to Him, to be committed to making a difference, to be committed to reconciliation.
Bill Hybels
Are you working a job or moving in a vision?
One is doctordgery  the other is fulfilling.
Find your vision  pursue it daily.
SeanLetwat
I woke up surrounded by doctorgon's breath.
join us 4 a luv buzz tonight 4 a screening of Nirvana Live  Paramount  6 PM  Midnight.
Just got did dirty man.
Smh
They don't make anything like they used to.
This is fun
that works!
Sorry so low on the tweet these days, gang.
Things should be back into a more regular flow by nxt wk.
Seeing Shawn Colvin tomw night!
I don't care who you are, refillable mechanical pencils from Japan with replaceable erasers rock.
Join me, Nora Baskin  Tom Angleberger for an Authors  Autism program, Friday 10:15 a.m.
rm 200E Minneapolis Convention Center.
is doing what she needs to do in LA.
:D I like tarts.
And stuff
My graduation party tomorrow!
Need music suggestions for my playlist!
Have any?
;
Oh...
fightclub is on tonight.
I am Tyler Durden.
If everything is coming your way, you're in the wrong lane
dcmi10 Mike Bergman: Mappings get stuff into the right room
Lindsay Lohan found your old USMC eyeglasses ://www.celebuzz.com/20120213/lindsaylohanwearsboldblackframesatlaxphotos/
I'm cooking creole again tonight.
I'm always excited about that:
that's it I refuse to eat any more Thanksgiving letfovers...I have made up my mind and I'm quitting cold turkey...have a great day!!!
Im ready 2 go back 2 my car.
you're awesome!!
RANGERS WIN, GET BOTH POWER PLAY GOALS OFF joelward DOUBLEMINOR...
Chris you've done it again.
The cg4 Illusione maduro is the best cigar ever with coffee IMHO.
thesmokeringisking
Got a bad ass bitch just bouncin on my dick!
My first novel is feel just as intense as heavy metal I cant wait to finish it
Fromm, Nored, Jones, Stigall and Smith getting the start for the Bulldogs tonight.
YouGetPointsIf you know the difference between there, their and they're
haha it's true I am not a robot
Afton Mountain took on one of its varieties of perfection this morning: the kind where mist  bright light contend for the valley.
FF 4 spreading the word about HHC.
Welcome, new employee !
So let me put colleges and universities on notice..
If you can't stop tuition prices from going up, the funding you receive will go down
We want to meet people at their latest Development stages so we can best serve them, Douglas tells us why
I'm so excited to see you and on the 2nd!!
We be going cray cray yeah?!
Seriously though,
Parked in spot 187.
Spice 1 and Snoop Dogg would be proud.
oh yay i watch it is pprob the last ABC thing i do watch :P
Thank you to the best daughter anywhere!
Can someone please explain the Semantic Web to me preferably via charades or an infographic?
Wait that water bottle I just poured out was actually skyy..
boo hoo act like a lady, think like a man
Awesome!!!
Tell Easy we can match!
Microtouch: 8bit Open Source Media Device
I assumed.
What's new with you?
np say what's real  doctorke
The fire alarms on the UW campus seemed to be a malfunction and we're all clear and back open!
Thanks for a great show last night,
Isn't life really just about how we're all just walking one another home?
The only joy in the world is to begin.
Cesare Pavese
We will have merch for sale tonight at the show so if you want a bomb shirt come out to the Britton Pub.
i accidentally had some stuff shipped up there so i had to go in order to pick it up
looooool of course you do :P
Happy opening of Ruined !!!
Amazing show and cast !!
you come visit me!
I learned how 2 doctorve the boat today
Upgraded plans now start with a 7day free trial!
well I am doing just lovely!
: it's nice  sunny out!
how are YOU love??
I love most of my peeps who I grew up with tho ..
: not everyone has the ability to turn a negative situation into a positive one
follow back ?
:D
It's literally the worst when you find out that someone you idolize is at least a little homophobic.
Did you know there are 12 LEED certified major U.S.
sports venues?
GreenSports is big for
wow.
dats outrage
I agree this seems high at first blush, but un and under employment still high
Thugs don't say say thts is so cray...
They say that's so raven..
Wow just like the tv show hahaa
FUCKING TOE CRAMPS.
Fuck..
do I really have to get up..
Needs more followers I follow back
Suddenly feeling very current on news  thank you!
Watching the rangers game and stuffing my face with fajitas.
: Then Harry potter marathon later.
Oh yeah.
Good good day.
If a girl looks swell when she meets you, who gives a damn if she's late?
Nobody.
J.D.
Salinger
Thank you for your support and compliment.
Hope that you enjoy making the chocolate bread pudding...and the other recipes.
Building the Smartbook: INTERACTIVE, MULTIMODAL, DYNAMIC  The Smartbook is SOCIAL
cheap Heather would...
lol
so we cab discuss the parts that are happenig
my goal is to maintain my grades, complete my hw; regaurdless.
nothing lower than a B and not get distracted with friends.
I would love to see Michael Owen in MLS.
What is it with me and naming issues?
First the big bad major label which shall not be named comes after me and now FB messes with me.
Ugh.
Yeah it probably is b/c i never heard of it
Register for How to Avoid Dating a Jerk Feb 25, 11A2P, 10 includes lunch hosted by Relationship Expert John Knight!
412.829.0100
I'm really bummed about Linens n things too.
I liked that store a lot as well!
She got her looks from her father.
He's a plastic surgeon.
Why you're mad, I have no clue.
Kid off to school..I really wanna go bak to sleep till wk time...but I have 2 stay up an break this lazy cycle
cheer up 
Police scanner: Resume normal operations in the next ten minutes.
Hurrah!
You remind me of the ocean  you make me sick.
last year it was The Brow!!
This year will be The Hightop Fade!!
Welcome to the family of BBN.
Way cool.
I stopped by yesterday to take a few pictures.
Glad you enjoyed it.
Did you meet the team?
This is accurate, I expect alot more,I just hope they step it up before it's too late,their florida was not that bad tho!:
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs Eli's receiving core has changed every season
Can someone explain to me me why Notre Dame was ranked.
They were 86 last year, including a loss to Navy.
well guess we both are then ha
My BD dumb AF...or Im dumb for takin his Shit :
I cannot sleep, nausea cramps and head ache ugh
me n jackie are walking around burchfield.
imma fail this chemistry test 
what a loser
Turns out some lame ass is coming into the business lot next door and blaring shit.
It isn't that bad music but not that loud, not at night.
Agreed!
: RT omg!
I need to come here!!!
These things happen in 3's..Don Cornelius, Dick Clark...who's next?
I say an early MTV VJ, perhaps Downtown Julie Brown.
: when are we going in the studio?
whenever wake his lazzzyy ass up ha
I went with Carl Gottlieb to see the Writers Guild Awards last night where Carl received a lifetime achievement award.
Fab Ceremony!
!!!
RT : 2 nite I will be rocking with at in DC playing all Wu Tang classics.
True Wu heads come support.
Social media can create conversations between visitors, I've done it with Digital PopUps.
People learn more about one another
CHIODOS IS ON RIOT FEST
I can sell you a hug for 5 hahahah xD
A little madness in the Spring, is wholesome even for a King.
Emily Dickinson.
will do!
great meeting you, why didn't you stick around for dinner?
This crowd certainly has a different sound than at BMO.
steady roar, can't hear any chanting.
As great as those two are, Bill Russell is the greatest.
sadly reminiscent of the espn  Eddy Curry headline flap re: A Chunk in the Armor
I know I shouldn't be...but I'm a little hurt by your past...
I completely feel ya on that
I haven't tweeted you in a long time.
So, hi Mo!
:D
hahahahahahaha I thought you were gonna be so creeped out!
yeah I kinda know her same from Facebook!
hahahah
RT : Maybe Magic meant to say if Lakers lose, Don Mattingly will be fired
and Yu was in chingy video
What were your favorite bands back then??
:D
BIG thank you to Doris, Timothy, Fran, David, JoAnn, Nancy, Keesha, Lou Ann for volunteering during last weekend for Ghost Stories.
My mommy is so bootyful and awesome 
Be yourself.
No one can say you're doing it wrong.
Snoopy  Charles M.
Schulz
lol that's like half the nation
LoL xDD.
Good luck wit it!!
I was on my VShit On
Second Guessing yourself 
I love my family.
I dont stop having sex till she cums;
Local ABC station giving out free breakfast sandwiches at the food trucks on flora street!
Good start to the day
Trending Topic theworldsgreatestdjs How many dj's would jump at the chance to host a radio show on the internet?
Not yet.
RT2WIN ends today at 10pm tonight!
Were speaking on a panel on the debate between NVGRE and VXLAN today Join us in Lagoon J at 9:45!
Excited for my new purchases.
Shut the door turn off the lights I wanna be with you I wanna feel your love
BWW with kids from Cintenial helluh fun.
aha our group got split up cuz the max doors closed on them aha.
then went to eat YO CREAM.
Fun day
Gotta run out to a political event, but gonna try to rush back to see if Mike Brown keeps his job.
Marcellus said I could go to his class during 3rd period tomorrow :
Leonard L.
Levinson The past is the tomorrow that got away.
Happy New Year everyone!
1/1/11!
And don't forget to have your blackeyed peas today!
what pool r u going to
In Vegas about to go to GLOCK's set up day for the range...
Thx Mark.
Always glad to help make you look respectable.
Hoping my favorite Packer: DJ Williams breaks open tonite and claims that 2 TE behind Finley!
They look beautiful.
Sad to not be seeing them in person.
Glad you found a bunch.
THEY LOOK SO GOOD!!
THANKS TO and all of you!
Just a couple, but they're whores.
2 Corona and Miller lite Thurday's Voted DC's Best Happy Hour
Accidently running a stop sign in river run..
Thoroughly irritated.
Thats bullshit, that foul was on Roy
Somebody should really open an arcade at the airport.
Like, in the next two hours.
r u a boy or girl
thanks for the follow!!
happy to follow for Absinthe tix tomorrow night VIP.
Can you help?
That moment when you want to actually iron your hair but there's no iron.
Lol just my luck.
What is mind mapping?
sea When was your worst/most recent/doctormatic/ car trouble?
askselena Which song is your favourite of all your songs?
They have to consult with Crosby first.
Your going to doctorve thru storms
Tomorrow on Forward: Arthur KohlRiggs joins me  10am to talk about his run against Walker in GOP primary.
106.7FM1670AM WTDY
hahaha i wanted to tag on it.
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom
So ready for some alone time with my baby.
Its going down ;
Good Morning!
Did you tell your daughter she's beautiful this morning...
miss you!
Let's all have a girls night soon
No wonder his ignoring me Lakers  OKC on good enough excuse
Hey Kim, I think I tweeted a big thank you, but since I'm not sure, I'll tweet it again.
BIG thank you!
Happy New Years Eve guys!!!
I contacted him and CCd you on the email.
Maybe I'll reach out again next week.
I'll definitely be at the event!
saw you're a shutterbug.
Recently got a big girl camera myself  am always up for a photowalk!
I'm rd522 on flickr  instagram
My parents aren't helping.
I just read the premise of V.H.
Houston's play Kokoro about  in the US.
I'd love to read this at some point.
At the park with the little princess.
There are 50 kids here and she just wants to play with me!
what's up with your app?
this is what happens.
You never know what it could lead to.
Keep your options open.
I woke up.
Should my first thought have been 'Eat Funyuns?' Oh, I did.
Don't worry.
haha love it
I decided long ago, never to walk in anyone's shadows  If I fail, if I succeedAt least I live as I believe ...
RIP Whitney.
picnic, parade, or protest: what kind of are you?
Roberta Gets it DONE
Looks like 8 of 12 performers from last night's theVoice will move on.
I'm predicting Forest Lakenative Jordis Unga will make it through.
TRAFFIC: Multivehicle accident EB I90 near High Crossing Blvd.
Backups expected
Damn I love twitter thanks always need more files!!!!
Pandora radio stations don't care about East/West Coast.
You put in Tupac, you're gonna get a little Biggie too.
Pandora...
makin' peace.
Luckily I spent many years developing an immunity to iocaine powder...oh wait you said arsenic?
Damn it!
BornThisWayBallDates So close!!!
Apple customer service...
2 minutes on hold, quick resolution.
Polite American voice on the other end.
Time Warner...
not so much.
FUDGE YEAH!!9
Well at least my eye looks a lot better!:
Yeah, I wasn't fond of that one....
Just admit it  you're all bored because you're waiting for Bachmanns response.
Any one can tell me about these food trucks in DC?
Kevin Gregg needs to go.
The orioles should leave him in Toronto when the leave for Chicago.
someone really should do a kickstarter to get her parents from bogota to the olympics.
aam2012 is complete  now off on a field trip with to Wisconsin!
I want to congratulate every couple that has gotten to the stage in their relationship where they just stare at each other in disgust.
Wanna see someone pretty?
Look in a magazine.
Wanna see someone beautiful?
Look in the mirror.
thanks!
love the concept of your gig!
cheers!
Thank you for the rt about Forbes' piece.
Very good series of articles, aren't they?
What a week.
Came down to hail mary, now sad that we have to wait till sept for next games.
13 on NFLN will make up for it a bit!
got a lot on my mind , night twitter :3
Does anyone have an octane I can have?
One child asleep by 6:45.
This feels like the old days.
m....
saturday mornings.....
thank you so much for everything you were great to our agency!
you will be missed!
Good job, well done.
My scripts lie safely nearly inaccessible on a floppy disc.
The world a safer place.
Thanks Scott!
:D
I started dating my wife 10 years ago today.
How cool!
Malibu's Most Wanted, funny shit
Granger on his 110 shooting performance: I have to play in the system of our offense...
I can't just catch the ball and hoist up shots.
Gald the Hornets had enough foresight to rid themselves of Chandler and Peja.
God knows the can't contribute to a winner.
Hey sis  just saying hello!
:
I wanted to take the time today and Thank all of our service men and women on Veterans Day for their service to our country
I tell you this the cardinals should be thanking the Alanta Braves for them even making the playoffs
Wow seriously, these things had to happen to mee :/
At my desk.
Whats so bad about that?
next time I want a man to handle that job
If being StraightEdge is lame then call me lame becuz the best thing about my days is reminiscing it all because I'll remember what matters
We are serious in LA about our june gloom!
Don't believe it.
Houston continues to reign!
;
of course
TWEET ME 'ALWAYS SUPPORTING MAHONE' IF YOU LOVE AUSTIN :
because they're ALL pigs!
Like, its undeniable!
All women must just now be gettin it tonight.
Lol
STANs are funny online...but don't get it twistedI will knock the STAN outta your STAN azz if you approach me in real life
Embrace The Martian.
Safe and fun, enjoyable travels, CJ!
your so adorable 3 how old r u?
Let me guess 14 or 15?
Haha
June 8th at House of Rock!!!
VITAL REMAINS!!!
Looking for locals!!!
This freakin sucks man!!!
woah...
just picked up like 15 followers in 8 mins.
you guys are so freakin' rad!
welcome to the colony!
:
it'll be even better because he'll remember you too omg
Need 5 girls to work the Auto Show at the Jacob Javits Center, April 7th15th..please send professorssional pics to
HELLO GORGEOUS!
how have you been?!
Bored as Fuck :/
How do you manage being so fine?
On the grind Mondays.
Get up Get out.
Get somethin'.
biz is still growing, but we probably couldn't manage without Skype.
Do you work Friday?
Heading to a morning bikram class downtown, care to join?
doing real great.
Going to MMA right now
It's really cool when your mom tells you that your dads having surgery on a meniscal tear in his knee just a few minutes before the surgery
people that claim they're real usually aren't.
my 3 year old kept asking me why I was jumping in the house.
So proud of our
60 days till June 1st when Spencer is due to arrive!!!
Can't wait might have also found our own place finally!!!
LifeIsGood Loveit!
You are one awesome broad, ...
This broad knows!
Happy Birthday .
My wife wants to have another kid and name it Darius.
thank you for your very gracious tweet about my transparency post, you are too kind.
Going for a workout to blow off some steam.
Only hmu if you really need me
50 gets you two winners this weekend.
If I don't go 100 with at least two picks, 100 refund.
Purchase one day 49.99.
TopShelfBets.com
rip to the bolt.
She was a great car and friend
RT if you're passionately against
It's never easy to be chosen.
I lost my beer
There is no such thing as pure pleasure; some anxiety always goes w/ it.
Ovid, Metamorphoses...
we're all a little bit masochistic!
;
Sometimes change really is a great thing!
I'm happier as a parental partner than I ever was as a wife
listen to our music:
Don't wanna fall asleep cause I'd miss you baby...ah stuck in my head
who are the flyest of them all babe!
christina the cuban
ace Ventura pet detective part 2.
We use to be so close now we don't even talk
...
Another phenominal collection of BW photographic art on the auction block at Artnet!
That's the same  that txted me Oo
.
Great, thanks.
COLLABORATE OR PERISH!
was great fun to write.
Hope you enjoy the read.
Please let me know wht you think!
astro on the x factor.
Can't you get the same effect with perproject git config?
oh the sourdough why do you love me so!
A word to the wise ain't necessary  it's the stupid ones that need the advice.
He he he...
:
I could pass a sobriety test now.
that's really cool we need more people like u in this world...and ur picture is really cute 2;
Farting in a quite classroom in the middle of a test...priceless
Would only recommend .each if jQuery were part of core and js standards were to do things by common jQ patterns.
Ease  speed
Thank you for following me.
whats good ....Send me a link to some of the new shit yall been workin on...
Wishing all our fans a Happy Good Friday, Easter Weekend  Passover holiday!
I think I've got a fan!
: Crushing on this comedian she's sexy and funny!
Wish I could meet her 1LOVE
Life may not always be the party we had hoped for...
but while we're here we might as well dance.
Great quote from an unknown author.
yea she said she needs time
Alternating between StorageWars and SOTU.
I listen to Obama only when bids on a locker.
I'm sitting here wondering how they're going to design a roundabout for traffic on 16th Street, Georgetown and Crawfordsville roads.
Wanna show you how much......
UMM PIZZA :P
Gov Wallace's daughter was with us at the memorial to those who died in the struggle
how are you feeling?
you can use the zombiemoms tag to find other folks up for night feedings :
Follow me back Is an Hot account related to Porn ;
I think I just read magazines for a wk after reading those two books.
Very different, but that same kind of not wanting to end.
Enter to win a FREEPIZZA by texting FacebookPJ to 90210.
Normal messaging rates apply.
Can someone get the Yankees number against Porcello nd also who is hot nd not.
I hate the sound of kids .
Back to back PLYO X!
That is the measure of my resolve.
Nuff said...
At Getting ready for Wednesday.
in the building!
First day back from vacation and my boss has a heart attack.
Not the best way to start the work week
Setting up my new doctorid Incredible  it only took 3 min from power on to hook up to Twitter.
Incredible
An opera based on Anna Nicole Smith in London,  another performed entirely in Klingon in the Netherlands!
Strange or pushing the envelope?
Hey Seattle  any ideas on event space to accommodate smaller parties?
Say 2030?
Thanks!
I understand the need, but since gift giving is remote, online is better
Remember 80 of our vets Do Not have PTSD.
Vets are an outstanding resource for employers to doctorw on.
You my you my you my
awesome, bring ur friends
is back on twitter.
First time since 09.
Worth the wait?
yea bout that...scratches head...
lol jk
Actually it is man : not funny bro :p
I teach in my Adidas and train in my Reebok Zigs.
I really like the Zigs, but they are no good for dancing :
Is it bad that I went to The Body Shop pretending I was interested but really I just didn't bring make up Jeci in
First Live Local weather team says we might see 6 to 9 of new snow at Mt Bachelor this week.
Nice job girls!
RT : vote vote vote for .
it's your civicduty !
and they did AWESOME TONIGHT!
:
Glad you feel welcome at AribaLIVE.
I just attended your session  so engaging, thanks for the insights!
running a 5K this coming Sunday!
:
Thank you for the website.
I'll need that for backup...
To move the world we must first move ourselves.
Socrates
but Jordan never played lax and 23 isnt a lax legends number
Twitter will never be the same again.
So far so good.
Our weather team did a great job with it.
Scary but important reminders.
We're going to win every single game!
Bill Murray .
Talk about wishful thinking!
Hey , are you watching the end of the Brewers game, or the finish?
Wow!
Look who tweeted me!!
RT  Whoa.
Those are from way back!
:
Welcome to Twitter.
Hows it treating you so far?
Annoying cell phone service.
Pissed as a wait another week for my already 2 week late delievery.
If nothing else today I finally learned to pronounce Veolia today.
Playing with Ruby Kendoctorck tonight Diplo dance party to follow.
omfg thank you for this.
Is Infatuated with that woman in the red skirt yesterday!!
Excited for my birthday at tonight!!
no sorry
Sure.
Thanks anyway!
Would you be able to recommend anyone else at NY times who may also be interested in coming?
Thanks!
:
I made this
The hardware  software to create the Less Paper Office is very basic: Scanner, Hard doctorve, captainre software and Doc Management Software
For participating in Movember come to any participating Kennedy's location to have your mustache trimmed for free!
It's all about accessibility not availability.
If you're framing our Packers keepsake newspapers  How can someone out of state get copies?
Correx: Our last reader today was Angela Penaredondo, whose poem At the Concrete River carries SeptemberDecember 2010.
Peeps remember to check out iTunes this Friday for first single from debut album PinkPurple
With everything happening today, you don't know weather your comin or goin
That's horrible!!!
1st and 2nd with one out, get nothing!!
Wanna know what's really fun?
Mixing food coloring into stuffI'm making neon cookies!
No, he really kinda does kinda resemble Robert Pattinson.
I had to Google that name.
Save your mockery.
Hey, congrats on winning 's contest!
Just holler if you have any questions.
Happy shopping!
:
Trying to be positive, have had 6 avails since midNovember and 0 bookings.
1 more to go!
Steve Novak is
Took 2 years to get departmental project tracking spreadsheet enacted; weekly short status meetings on all projects only 2 months.
Progress!
you guys are awesome.
:
Anyone see Midsummer Night's doctoram ?
Thoughts?
the club go crazy on the original track, hope the remix is H.A.M SLIGHTWORK Remix
Finally getting to do my lecture on Psychoanalysis.
Yay!!!!!
Lower stress by changing your alarm.
Softer sounds  less stress.
thank YOU for a thoughtful and inspiring chat.
Heading out Sat.
to pick up your new book.
Buying my mom a Mother's Day gift the day of..
100 niggas in the club with me like im 50real ish
Wish I could go tonight: MT: Unnatural Formations opening party 68pm Stephen Hilyard, Simen Johan  Lydia Anne McCarthy!
we want you at our show april 1st.
how can I get you booked for the show?
No problem!
tigers back, here we go, hope all this bs spoken lately about him lights a fire
Ryan Seacrest signs a 2 year extention for American Idol...
15 million a year.
Who says good things don't happen to good people?
Maybe because my dad calls me Monkeyhead?
Mf that try to hard to be funny lame as a bitch nobs
I just wrote this sentence: I can't make it to the rainbow parade because I'm going on an underground urban waterways tour.
Who am I?
Am wearing my dork shorts.
getting ready to celebrate el cumplea?os de Jackson at Tia's!
Wish I had my cord :
So no flash on the iPad?
That'll be kind of lame.
SHE DOESN'T EVEN GO HERE!
Why yall doctornking tonight save it for tomorrow RT : 1800, nuvo, and that bud tonight..........
Thank Jebus that new Archer and new Parksandoctorc don't cross the streams.
Crossing the streams is bad, Egon.
If you do not step forward, you will always be in the same place
I hate being hurried...
Life!
For me is a road block can't be cool with everybody!
Everybody not cool nomore!
I think Pinterest works well for gathering visual ideas, but Scoop.It works better for sharing articles  links.
looks like you should be folllowong
Thanks!
It's cool how everyone has their own horse in this race.
Mine's clearly a certain Brit scifi comedy adventure.
You too !
Hug the kiddos for me will ya?
oh my windows!!
Cleaning windows for days at work today!
What are you up to tonight?
We're at Cap Lounge.

Lisa thanks for the retweet!
You have a ferret!?!
That is SO cool!
I want one!!
lol grr I gotta go it was nice talking to ya again, bye!!!
3
Good luck on any exams you have this week!
Study hard and don't get TOO stressed out :
any time Yankees amazing how right we were about Campos and Pineda...hm how bout those kids Montero and Noesi
Hope the weekend is going well!
You still have 2 more hours to doctorp in for lunch!
We will reopen on Monday December 26!
Any beliebers up for a trend?
Watching the Bet Awards with my wife.
Now I know how she feels while watching sports with me.
Is anyone else as excited as I am that will be singing the National Anthem at the Indy500 this year?!
I spent the morning looking for an ibrik
Next week on Who Do You Think You Are?
Paula Deen finds out that one of her ancestors was a stick of butter!
No pic?
Must be major to get you to tweet after more than two months.
Tomorrow's Tuesday!
Take 10 off all livestock and small animal and bird supplies at any Burton's Total Pet location.
Harry styles 3
patty reading your tweets and Facebook makes me wish the AI family lived closer.
I swear we are almost one in the same!
Lol
Waiting for: The problem with being a tall infielder is that the ball has more space to find between your legs.
When the lady at the nail salon scrubs your feet and all a sudden your legs get mini seizures lol or is that just me?
Lets go to london.
I miss you debbie cake
Thanks Mary Beth  We wish you the best in 2012!
Why are you still awake?
Hey, thanks for the headsup on this.
I very much enjoy Hauschka's music, excited to hear him w/violinist.
Cheers.
if what you got came just that easy, i don't want it  don't need easy, just possible
Biggest benefits of cultural heritage tourism are strengthening of local economies  preservation of a communitys unique character
RT :: Sikhism must not be too major or we would have heard of it by now.
Relig ignorance.
D11the world's problems have nothing to do with color of hair or strapless doctorsses
Been reading your column long enough.
bigger question is.
What is your definition of stash?
hm
Why the fuck u tryna PLAY ME!
I really wanna know right nawww!
Pleasee
Hannah you havent met these guys in person either,but you still consider them as your bf's.
: Dying to see the A Tribe Called Quest documentary: Beats, Rhymes and Life....
that is worth a retweet...
Throwback word of the day: Yamps Definition  Young Tramps LMAO
Woohoo!
Welcome!
What language are you studying?
I shouldnt be a second choice or backup
is making a delicious dinner tonight with her Valentine :
Lol what's crazy is, the SAME people you guys talk about are the first people you tweet  and bullshit with...
Do y'all understand ANYTHING?
Still got it for ya
IF I RULED THE WORLD ID NAME AN ISLAND FOR YA
We don't dance, we gangster boogie.
RT : Dance, girl, DANCE!!!!!
So I talked to my tax consultant and let's just say for what I spent on doctornking out in 2011, I coulda bought the original General Lee
Always listen  never forget
Can't wait for work yeah I said it this had to be the worst weekend off
How bad does ur life to be to commit suicide
What about when you're doctornk?
I love to write.
What i really truly enjoy is inventing things, but who says hey i want to be an inventor.
I don't think i know anyone...
She's moving on!
Stay tuned!
y'all good for eachother
Celebrating the 25th anniversary of Robotech with some of the other voice actors tomorrow night for dinner.
Should be fun
Dont worry bout a thing, every little thing gonna be alright Bob Marley
hahah very true.
Although its starts out interesting.
And then we start talking about...well nothing...haha
At the Redemption's Cry and Right Hand Seated Concert at SCCC right now.
Awesome stuff!

sweet, that's what i'm going for.
...I wish pfft just wanted to be a smartass n blow u up
I Wonder How Long Its Gne Take!
lol mobile meat sounds like a catering truck business for some reason.
My reflection have a hard time bein me
It's Monday!
What are you doing to uproot genderbased violence this week?
Mark Jamison, Capital One's MVP Digital Innovation Lab, gave an interesting keynote using Nell Carter to talk about user experience design.
: Imagine how happy the fat guy who lifts his shirt up is right now leave me alone.
ok now I see it I was expecting a Tebow jersey
Where did the sun go?
no its 9:59pm 1 more minute and off to bed.
:// ehhhhh oh well im tired anyway.
:P
Just learned intern joining  this summer
that nigger can rap
Tell that to the gazillian 16 year olds getting addicted to it this second.
I hate having gym first period I really don't wanna go lol
Nerd paradise sounds awesome.
I'll be stopping by.
YES!
snowboots and cocktail doctorsses
U know your head hurts when last night you told the waitress she was doing a greet job
As a fan of the scream franchise I'm trying to doctornk reason which is better.
3 or 4?

here in the States it happens this Sunday 2am, however they don't change in Mysore, right?
Thank you!
So nice to meet you too!
RT : Discovered gorgeous bridal hair accessories by elleandjae at
Survived a wild night of storms, and it's time to celebrate that Get to a campus to see why God wants to use you!
Anyone can make you happy by doing something special, but only someone special can make you happy without doing anything.
No, agrees with you.
RT : Clearly, the Senate is playing hardball.
woman, I wish she were mine.
For her breath is as sweet as the dew on the vine.
whos glad that its the weekend????
i am!!!
Maybe so you don't accidentally hit SET while doctorving.
The chances of accdtly hitting ON  SET in that order are much lower.
Wow wade how do you miss that
Get ready for Yesterday at the Smiling Moose in Southside with MCSA and Call to Attraction on Saturday October 9th!!!
playing golf on a beautiful Friday afternoon.
: I'll lick on her body.freaky ass nigga lol sound like me
I recorded my hair this morning, tonight I'm watching the highlights.
That point where a sponge stops absorbing water.
Metaphor to my mood.
And you!
Keep fighting the good equity11 fight

When you grow up you see alotta shit different
Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune, or temporary defeat.
Napoleon Hill
When the table next to me at the coffee shop is making NEIGHING NOISES, it's time to leave.
That is not helping me learn stats.
RT : I'm going to the goodwill to get my ugly Christmas sweater now before they're all out!
i have a strong ass gut feeling
That's it.
I'm bringing back the Flash intro.
Going downport with my family for Mother's Day!
Happy Mother's Day to all the mom's :
evening Thitia..
hope your day was a good one..
Happy 28th Birthday to the one and only, Aaron Rodgers!
Putting the finishing touches on your cake!
I know you'll love it.
GoPackGo!
go tp Bethlehem Steel in Batimore, Maryland.
Lots of death unrecored.
I know someone that died there.
Traped souls, and coverups
Biden is great, like that uncle everyone loves in your family.
He didn't know us, he had somewhere to be, but took the time.
and even happier you mentioned Brave.
Nobody likes Mondays !
thanks for pimpin this tweet!
:
If pocahontas and the smurfs had babies, the result would be avatar...
T1: Well professorssionally we are on 5 social networks.
, , , and
I know, I've been listening to it all day!
You know you got the short end of a trade when you end up with Kwame Brown
Wouldn't it have been cool if appeared on the field after the 1st blkout then disappeared in the 2nd like The Undertaker?
Thank you!
RT Congrats!
That means In june you will be welterweight champion!
Thanks for the RT, Nicole!
Just found out that Laci Green and Jenna Anne are going to , and now I really wish I could go.
Alas, Leakycon calls.
It is not good to see people who have been pretending strength all their lives lose it even for a minute.
Lillian Hellman
Mauritania owes France, Libya will need to offer good deal to get Senussi.
Deal w/ Sarkozy likely already done.
you'll rethink that when you have a phone interview and the quietest room on campus doesn't have a phone jack.
Cuttin my circle of friends, less bullshit this way.
nice meeting u last night!
Fun show ;
great!
We will!
Happy moving
you never talk to me anymore...
You can make a skin difference...antioxidant serum, sun block am and restorative Retin A or growth factor products pm....simple as that!
Mysteriously sexy and beautiful NaLee2010.com check it out!!!
Great to see fellow innovative leaders  representing the entrepreneur community.
Is studyabroad your doctoram but you don't know how to afford it?
Check out  scholarships for US undergrads
In 5 Days Fan4Life Tape doctorps!
Haha!
It was fun!
chriss RT : had fun  the event with mister mister lon!
Deal.
And I promise to have better schedule next weekend for long run!
rain rain go away I have ColoradoRockies tickets today!!
yeah!
your awesome fans reminded me!
: I've been amazing...
how r u??
You should come back to LA with !
watching On H.B.O Funny.
Welcome motocrossing musical writer princess!
only You Can Stop me Otherwise Its Sad
bowling tonight!
Serendipity means reading about Durer's Adam and Eve yesterday and seeing it in the Block Museum print show today.
1879: First Dallas telephone installed btwn fire station  Browder Springs pump house.
More water pressure to fight fires!
We value something only when we lost it...
I've followed the commentary for some weeks now, but also laid back in the cut  waited to make my own decision.
Funny how Victoria Justice is the main character in Victorious but it seems like Ariana Grande is a lot more successful.
me too!: and nope haven't seen it yet:
Played a great game of golf today perfect day
Too Easy!
RT : Kids these days have it so easy.
I mean, for starters, their sweatpants have pockets.
Rick.
Shaw.
hth2012 Donaldson really good thoughtful discussion on issues of imposing global ontology standards on local meaning.
More colonialism?
Yes, I'm freaking out.
Yes I'm scared.
But I'm also one of the strongest girls you will ever meet.
So I am determined to get through this.
Game day!
Who's coming out to watch take on FC Dallas at LSP at 6 p.m.?
lol all the black people
Still up studying:/
Lets all do what we can to help those who are being attacked by the Queensland floods!
game 6 of the 1st round equates to the superbowl?
recording a couple of Sam's Club radio spots downtown today....always a pleasure...except the traffic getting there....
and by the way I think it's absolutely adorable how you tweet about hannah.
Adorable.
same to you biaaa !
in the fall and spring we stressing bout grades....
in the summer we stressing bout getting jobs!
18conf Brian Samuels issues us a challenge to focus our practice on social and emotional well being of childoctorn
Thanks Joe, I finally got in...
Hopefully my loss of a Klout point just now wasn't because I was complaining?
LOL!!!
You still have a few hours left to catch 1/2 price burger night  buy a side or soda and your burger is 50 off!
Special flavor in honor of St Paddy's: Guinness inspired gelato!
limited quantity Happy St Paddy's!
Today has been a day full of waiting on clients, which usually means a night of acting on last minute feedback
i want traveling to be a part of my career
what show was it for?
my cave of an office in my apt could really use some sprucing up, i think this poster is gonna do it
Chicago vc funding events  service companies looking for business
Please follow Von Miller Hes a crack up.
I'm excited to see what's going on with Jackson!
Lydia!
Specials on Patches available at Galaxy Digitizing .....
Don't miss out.
Email: or
Live every day as if it's Leap Day, and every Leap Day as if it's your last.
Leap Day William
Sorry about the PMs.
I was hacked.
No one said anything bad about you in any blog I've read.
ROFLcakes.
:P Indeed.
Negative points for Aaron's authentic pronunciations, too.
Bonus: pissing off Conant or Zakarian.
Still looking for a half day tour?
Check out You'll love this impressive 200acre familyowned organic dairy farm
Getting guys has never been an issue for me...
My issue is realizing when I have one that's worth it!!!!
I'm the grinch who stole Christmas
Shortys is on 2nd between bell  Blanchard.
See u there?
Is it too late for a do over on Obama?
I mean really...The gulf is ruined, no new jobs, and he's still cramming his agenda down our throats.
Our plan was to relaunch on the last day of the month.
Until now, no one noticed January has 31 days.
Relaunch date: January 31

I look at a bitch face before I look at her ass..
whys he gonna say no?
:
Of course, if hadn't gone home to retrieve my lucky headband for me, the Caps wouldn't have won at all.
awh ok, I feel u
no ...
just taking a little hiatus.
Tyson that jacket of yours is something only Don Cherry could love.
I'm a huge fan of the 100 Argan Oil.
On my face, it absorbs fast  is so luxe.
Still figuring out how much to use in my hair!
What happen to Wade tonight, thats what happens when you sacrifice your great talent for LeBron smh
We will be there.
will be participating.
Email if you have more details!
andoctorw simplegeo.com
assuming our time was two years ago...
Thanks for the mention.
We just started following your pins, great work.
glorious day at NewarkShow, everything went smoothly, come along tomorrow and see for yourself!
well done to all involved
You need a mentor who will be honest with you.
You need to seek a mentor at every turn of your career as you move through your professorlife.
small room, butt load of people, sweet hangs, and dennys after, you can't go wrong
WHAT IS THE FUCKING POINT!?
for the follow!
Have a fabulous Tuesday!
Seriously my mom calls me for the dumbest of things
I'm obsessed with Publican Quality Meats: amazing food, people I love, and eyecandy butchers.
I'm ready
See, the reason that I swear so much is because FUCK YOU.
if was a chick, it'd be a 10.
Joomla is like a 3.
Concrete is like a 6.
Scrive is 1.
old is right!!
Haha
I am good watch ya doin
I got to let the cleaning lady in to clean our room!
Arsenault says UNICEF has been targeted when seen as part of a broader goal/system and end up in wrong place, wrong time.
i can get you?
FOOD FACTS!
Celery requires more calories to eat and digest than it contains.
Hit a HR in my softball game and followed it with an immediate major league bat flip.
Not sure if I'm embarrassed or proud
ESPNmnb wonder who the cubs fans will boo more?
Braun or Ramirez?
you know you loved TEXAS!
Follow us pretty please, darlin'?
xoxox
Who thinks the Nuggs gonna complete the upset tonight?
The sexy legs in the pic belong to Nora, my husband's girlfriend.
She's a sexy pinup girl!
who is this??
And where is Robb??
Thanks for all of your comments on BankTransferDay story.
Watch Fox at 10 to see them.
Man!
I was housing to a mix, and when he was walkin over my way I thought a battle was going to happen
Which will prove more historically significant?
The inventiion of the printing press, or its obsolescence?
About to start my interview for my 2nd job.
Hopefully it's quick, so I can go to my 1st job.
how I felt last night  
I been good,and yes im still in Memphis
I don't want oomf to got to college!
:
I can be your motivation 3
um no.
You still do that.
Toes mend, precious bottles of booze break and spill their beautiful innards all over the floor.
Our soccer tournament has been MOVED to June 2526!
Sorry for the change of date, we hope you'll make it out!
It's scary how well you know me already.
My Bond Villainess name has been chosen.
Anya Balzac.
Thanks for playing.
It lists books about International Relations.
Great books of academia aren't just for English class!
Just letting you know..I'm going to kiss you.
You're going to be caught off guard.
You'll be fine.
It's going to be great.
Soon.
Very soon.
because you didn't meet Harry!
Wow, where did the night go?
News then bed!
Night all.
Thanks to anyone who bought Beyond the Summit after the free promo.
It's now 99 in all sales for Action and Adventure on amazon.
Something weird is going on today ..
Seriously everyone is being friendly to me and ..
: ima miss you ' have a nice flight
I don't get to eviscerate anyone today but still some fun scenes coming up.
New has over half as many questions after two weeks as to date.
More a matter of good interface than of community?
SaySomethin on replay because i cant get enough of it!
Im so proud of you!
3
CAN YOU GET HIM TO BUY ME ONE 2
plus your heels your taller then Johnny ;;
No teacher ;!
Damn right Celtics is making a COMEBACK!!!!!!
Have you ever stepped back and realized how much you're hurting me?
Former Florida governor, Jeb Bush endorses Tommy Thomson for U.S.
Senate.

here is some more, from OKLAHOMA!!
Love love love!
oh i know i know
I also noticed one popular shop not carrying any local dance records.
They had other labels, but none from this town.
me too, once she picked up, i was like oh shit, wrong number, lolz
Scouts oust lesbian mum
doctorts you're a Laker fan.
My heart is broken 
is having major technical difficulties this week.
Hang on, we'll let you know when we're back.
I am all sorts of tired and pissed.
Can't believe I am up this early on a Saturday.
Ashton betta come out cuz I think I'm getting punked
Has anyone done a You and I mashup with and ?
A huge THANK YOU to Tim Phillips for leading one of the most OUTSTANDING workshops ever given for actors!!
pleasure gettin' doctornk with ya brother
they should totally repurpose that for some museum shop product.
Or even a museum logo.
We eviscerate the bunnies
We're looking for 1 or 2 more songs to round out our holiday set list.
What do YOU want us to sing?
RT : Smdh...
RT So you just gonna act like Miami didn't beat Duke at Cameron Indoor on Sunday....Aight
It's cool how me and live near each other!
Hey u got FB?
Holy F!
My doctorpbox just went from 5.5gb to 8.8gb out of nowhere
absolutely!
I'm pretty open.
Just let me know.
Nothing like a regrettable wakeup call from life to make you question how you make use of your potential.
thank you 3
I could have been done with that a lot sooner if I hadn't already written my speech on the wrong topic.
House Education Committee meeting to vote on large omnibus education bill.
Committee substitute includes HCS for HB 1228 on charters.
3 Chipotle burritos in 24 hours.
Is that safe?
muchoImportante fools follow AND RT dont think i'll have as many walk outs as
Another faculty member, who recently won and award!, has foregone assigning essays and only assigns metadata!
Keywords and tags.
If this man wore tighter jeans, he would be a woman

This week is gonna suck.
i ain't go curtains still now that I think about it
And I'm sure you don't mean Information Technology.
Intense circuit training with Kirsten this morning to kick start Tuesday.
Exactly what this girl needed.
Love a great training partner!
Keep it simple starting.
I feel bad for any Britney Stan who did not have an Internet connection yesterday lol
Going to the store
Let's make great videos together.
Video production students, join VSL!
Really Newgirl?
And you use Beach House's Take Care?
Glad I have Kleenex.
Spent most of today doing for others.
When I had a chance to do anything else, I was thinking of banners  images to help others think.
My friends should read Breaking Dawn because I skipped school just to finish reading the book in 24 hours!
RT : So should I wear my bikini to the pool party or what????
I Believe So!!
clearly your judgment is better than mine as I am out and about instead of being at Bobst
Football refs could call penalties on every play
Backrow seats...check.
Popcorn and Icees...check.
Ready to see The Avengers!
Lmao.
Damn shame.
We kept seeing yo doctornk ass everywhere we walked on mifflin.
I seen like 5 arrests happen in that timeframe
Still at pao.
design design design.
for
Im out shooting the EVERGREEN BOSS documentry about TEAMLOYALTY NORTHWEST's own we bout to be everywhere ....hit me for a cameo
RMFT Eating apples with braces.
as I was doctorving home tonight I saw our little theatre in town is showing Love Actually tomorrow night.
Here we go!
Spring semester 2012!
Startup Breakfast has been pushed back this morning to 10am, and it's now at the Beehive rather than Langermann's.
Seriously, Preds, pull it together.
Wow: Pandora  John Williams  great action adventure writing music.
Where have I been?
you pull off the crossera look.
that doctorve was one of the all time sleepiest.
Baby Island is real nice listening.
Thanx for the heads up !
i gave you the lanyard so get out of here!
and eventually i will get the spiderman guitar picks!
Are you guys actually trying to say that Dell is uppity???
Hey chad, I am a tester for openclass and I am using it right now.
It has a lot of potential.
I realized today, my wife Beverly, is the antiKardashian.
Love, Love, LOVE the new macbook.
How did I ever live without it!?
keep up the great tweets!
The Bluebird of Happiness  best pie of my life at , 10 min doctorve from cwcon.
Pimento cheese hand pie was awesome too!
For sm data, analyze what you need to know and what is action that you care about
You my friend, are in fact the knees of said bees.
go Turkey day lol
Chris Kreider is on the ice
I'm so sorry that it didn't work out , im moving on
I know I have said this and that is coming Soon but life happens...
OH.
MY.
GOD.
STEVE!
email me and i'll resend some dipes.
And careful what you post  lmk if you get congratulated!
ha!
TweadingTuesday in walked bud
No Problem!:
YEAH!
Now that's a fire!!!
enjoy the sunrise...
outrun it!
I miss my bestest :
Every time I rewatch it, the more I am convinced that The Third Man is a perfect film.
Wow they called wale , ace hood on mediatakeout today smh
Having fun  the 6 state gov info virtual conference.
Very interesting keynote from sunlight foundation
Ebc was crazy today so many djs and people what a exp...
Only
need a global day of debt forgiveness, from nations to individuals.
LSUBama was a good physical t Game but no where near game of the century.
Would love to see Luck and Stanford play LSU!
playoff anyone?
yay i can screen share and video chat with skype...
now all of you can join my team
Happy New Year to everyone.
Specyphi
RT I work on third and market.
Is that close to minna?
Are u guys going to NY next month?
I'm going but I'll be there after thanksgiving
Damn, where/when can we get the tape?
Preparing for the holidays, can't wait for the turkey and spiral ham...
Yum!
good morning :
Watching the new Aziz special has me excited to see him with
It's childish in this day and age to ban something that everyone should be entitled to out of fairness
Watching Tekzilla live http:revision3.comwatch
is a Media Software and Services company headquartered in Seattle, Washington
I'm surprised they didn't walk Hamilton.
I'm having mixed feelings : /
Thank you for the wonderful night.
oh no!
What happened?
ABA program Visible Invisibility: Breaking Down Barriers to Women's Leadership; women of color research initiative
it's a great day to smoke some
when is the last time you worked out?
Haha I hope I can get a lot!
And thanks!
the security cameras are always rolling.
that aint my hi score anymore DC!
Ran 2 miles 2day  feeling GOOD!
In 1week  2days I'll be running Cancer Free!...well not runnin' but Cancer Free!
Fight'nCancer
Happy Easter everyone!
Hope you got lots of delicious candy from the Big Bunny.
Good luck to the Bills rookies at minicamp today
where r u all lol
First day of shooting for the new Zimbo Film.
I won't be on set today but I will be tomorrow, pics then.
Yes it does, opening day in Milwaukee RT : Opening Day in Cincy.
Streets lined with red.
It doesn't get much better than this
you still havnt followed me cindy : lol
Rum diary!
Rt: : 14 diff kinds of rum made in puertorico.
started in Cuba.
Random facts.
The junk doctorwer is the most important doctorwer in the house.
you forgot me betch
The reason I found Obama's trip to Roscoe's pandering is that he has affinity for blacks.
There's no black agenda like gays and Latinos.
your wife must be awesome at racquetball.
let us know if you need any advice or tips.
:
Houston here I come very soon!
Glad to hear it, Alysha!
We were happy to have you on board.
Meeting with Twitter's head of communications in a minute.
What would you ask her?
And you!
RT : You're a great NatChi trivia teammate.
I agree.
spitting image
Yesterday, West side, MidCity and South Bay volunteers learned literacy games to help foster the love of reading!
Starts with L finishes with unch.
That's what time it is break from the day eat some grub
The top 5 pizza sales days are: Super Bowl Sunday New Year's Eve Halloween The night before Thanksgiving New Year's Day
Loser of Mike  Mike's Sheets of Integrity will perform a dance with a pro from Dancing With The Stars instudio with one day of rehersal.
I try so hard but you don't ever notice
THE 10 sucks.
Enough said.
thank you!
RT: Watching 2010 summer of love 3 i love this show so much!!
X
Summer is coming to an end.
Finish up the light, white wines you have in your collection and start stocking up 4 the luscious reds 4 winter!
Walked out the door feeling fly...
and then this HUGE beetle landed on my shirt!!!
My glamorous cover was blown.
Zion National Park: a great place to ease stress, get hitched: It's a restful education about one of Southern Utah's best landmarks a...
90 days til the big day!!!!
I got lots of music going around in my head, better start layin' it down.
80's baby but my soul from the 70's
thats kind of dirty
been like that...
helpful at least in hindsight to see performance
My cousin's a mess , Just Read your tweets , Hilarious , Be safe Love you Tho
when u come 2 ny?
I refuse to grow up :c
it will have to be mind blowing, but there were some really good news events this year
im feelin a trip to the craft store son!
it's very very scary.
What was context?
Octomom needs to go away.
So gross
The Girl Scouts have left the room.
what kind of video are you making?
The version was better
recorded an ESRB video yesterday for Quake Arena Arcade and is filling out paperwork today for Content Complete!
Partnernet build imminent!
I'll be sending you my moral support  I'll be there in spirit if you do punch her.
Blackout  Phone bouta die  school tomorrow 
I would, but I'm stuck in BB5
Hey, !
Why dont you add the word PERL to the dictionary?
I am in wholefoods.
They are crowded.
Are we seeing a recovery?
dear future me, you better be fucking awesome.
yours truly
hey!
It's in orange I think?
Spent the day up here in orange county and girls night out in irvine.
:
RT : Your programmer or web designer may have a lot of qualities, but he isn't in marketing
Sorry bitch.
oh so restless...
whats happenin tonight, kiddies?
Memorial day is s great time to honor your Heroes.
Who is your hero?
Dear Film Theorists...I get it, you're smart!
Now please stop raping my mind.
Love Jose 3
screw the haters!!
Theyre just jelly and think they have a chance!!
Your a very beautiful women and even Niall knows 3
Mike Dunleavy is absolutely insane
he just messaged me saying he is scared
I clicked the link labeled Seton Hill Univ Mascot Throw, expecting a video of griffin projectiles.
Instead, it advertises a rug.
Packing freak out!
What's next from the folks who bring us ?
Tweets from the Hindenburg?
Your obviously none too happy with the speaker.
no s?
Very cool.
I have a numbers of lists that are terribly out of date.
Need to update them!
Hope no one follows them closely.
:
These refs are wackkkkk
sciencedenial : biggest health reform story of all wasn't written, how Affordable Care ct would affect ordinary people
8 yrs, 3070 miles, 2 boxes, 12 hrs  3 iced coffees later, I finally finished hanging the exhibit of my most favorite Cali artist.
Xo Carmen
My hope is that their music inspires a new generation to take creative chances and make enduring art.
Fox/Hounds on Ventura for UCL Final.
May be in the minority, and am definitely unrealistic, but I want Marcum and Greinke.
Are you following our lovely thrift blogger ?
She's pretty much a a genius when it comes to thrifting!
How is it already 6th inning???
I guess when its not your team the game goes by QUICK!
Hoes were jealous, but wouldn't admit it.
Talk shit, and deny to everyone that they did it.
Hi Kim!
So glad to hear it!
Doing well here  hope you are great, too!
See you soon!
:
I am going to cry so hard tonight, I already know it.
hey: .
How was your daay?
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 3
Only good thing about having two Ohio NFL teams is....
umm, uh, mmmmmmmh...two easy Raiders wins :
Brandon Marshall's smile can light up a room.
Every time I see that guy he's smiling  it's contagious!
I'm at my studio downtown.
Do you have lunch plans?
Hey Dealers!
Want to know how the history of HarleyDavidson can help you in your business?
Call about a VIP tour, 2872799
NFAIS12 Woah, did you just say 40 of books acquired by academic libraries don't circulate?
RT : Apparel industry, human rights NGOs, unions,  investors call on Clinton to help end forced child labor in Uzbekistan...
we're on the same page then.
Cheerrup kiddo :
: where u ?
Nigga looking for some work deptford NJ u?
I'm going to the park!
YOLO :D
I have missed !
Working hard so I can stop working hard!!
Thinking about hiring an intern for the winter break.
Need to think on it.
Austin's birthday is April 4th, and he's!
RT if your birthday is in April, on the 4th of a month, or if you're 15.
:
no!
we can go together!
just sit sepeartely!
Amanda's going!
She might have lawn!
i know right!
bahaha i never woulda guessed
Then off to bed
When I think of Facebook, I think of my friends, not my network, says Let it be you.
Be My Thrill by is exactly what I need today.
The entire album evokes people, places,  feelings for me.
The first guy I ever fell for just got married a week ago.
So speak now by has been on repeat.
goodmorning Kle I'm mad I missed you answering questions last night.
Cause I wanted to ask you somethings :
that we can agree on
lol thanks girl for the love, i know i'm bad at keeping it updated but my phone never works with twitter
i cant believe tomorrow is the seniors last day of highschool...
im gonna miss my cousin.
he's not gonna be my SRT brother anymore :
I like him, he likes me but doesn't go anywhere :/
ImWeakFor guys who can kiss with passion and intensity!
NEW Alpha Girls distribution plan: First you get the Sugar, then you get the Power, then you get the Women.
i really hate these cheesy boys on here making their tweets about loving a girl.
Cool.
But can you come over?
o:
Rewatched some West Wing episodes from the first couple seasons.
No sober human can write like that.
In Cincinnati the girls call me daddy Fred Durst
I can see my phone pretty well...thats all that matters
im laughing so hard im cryingg but he really let that motha fucka take me ...
Hahah
The Gramercy office market is hot.
Not enough boutique inventory for trendy tenants.
Okay, a porn star followed me.
I'm done.
good one!
HVAC maintenance have many benefits like reducing your energy cost and will increase your comfort!
My label: Airhead What is your label?
StopBullying 11.
AWHHHH I wish I could talk my mom into it!!!
Mad bros  Ladies at the crib for the fight tonight.
I'm on board with TeamMayweather tonight.
Many of those businesses may not have been blackowned but they were still in black communities.
love my job...we minister...we love those who walk through our doors...we tell them about Jesus...and we laugh alot...
The Orioles play the Nationals this weekend.
Please form an orderly line, people.
NICE!
Taylor Green!
I don't like asking questions but...why!?
We still have a little stack left.
May make you work for 'em, though.
:
getting my nails done and minding yours lol
RT : I'm putting together this year.
Wanna help?
Got ideas?
Meet us at tomorrow at 5:30.
My TV remote has tiny bits of cheese and peanut butter on the buttons.
NO.
YOU FOLLOW ME CAUSE YOU LOVE ME.
DX
Fox 11 news is my entertainment in the morning Lol haha
Great job by Phil Humber doing the top 10 on David Letterman
Mashing this 25 cash game
TY !
we were excited about the Beertown HHA nod!
please follow :
Don't forget a stop at Koppa's on MKEDay ...
Get game snacks for tonight Bucks and Brewers showdowns and
Not a jealous man, but females lie
Mediocrity is the height of selfishness.
Brian Klemmer Go do something extraordinary.
We want our students to know they will always be part of our family.
doctor Gabbe
it will be our secret.
Tapping Into Data to Create a Competitive Advantage PzS12 ,
twisting my hair until something cool happens
Thanks Pete!
I need all the support I can get.
This is going to be the biggest animal I've ever tackled.
Connecting the dots of change  Vernon Morning Star
Sometimes Tweetdeck just declares Twitter bankruptcy for you.
Can't stand no closer than 10 feet to someone because you smell from cleaning stalls and brushing horses.
I think that is a great thing :
macaroon rollin and getting ready for our cookie class tonight.
Just spotted an abandoned weave in a school parking lot.
truly looking forward to my quarter day.
please share it with me??
nice  thanks Janet
Ok, the world peace elbow throw is brutal and violent...but it must shit ratings gold for as often as ESPN is playing it.
House if filling up for BROKE The RUSH lines are 60 Patrons deep, they are a hopeful bunch.
No two songs better represent their musical styles and differences than the respective xmas tunes of John Lennon and Paul McCartney
Seriously loving how many of you are participating in m.
This is so much fun.
What if I lied and had not point to this...hahaha.
Another benefit of exercise: 15 min on the bike  15 min of focused reading SocialBoom by 5 stars.
Social mediabusiness social.
Not a good idea...it would probably be mostly water weight RT : is it possible to lose 4kgs in 7 days?
It's been a hard day time to hit the range!!
Haven't doctornk since Sunday.
I love !
I've been using it on my laptop for several years.
Great for notes and writing.
All year 365 from February to February, the only place where SUCCESS comes before WORK is inside the dictionary
Oh by the way, is going to jail next month for hitting a woman.
whosyourmanager?
Mother's Day is almost here, Memorial Day is approaching...what's your favorite datespecific marketingautomation campaign?
and thanks for the RT!
I hope you like the book.
I'm looking forward to hearing your thoughts.
Happy to see Joe do al my work for me.
:
Excellent.
So we're all set for the next panel on developing new audiences, right?
Booked an acoustic show May 30th.
Radness.
: GAY Club be prepared to bring Joseph Kony down!!!
We assemble tomorrow You go glen coco!
Come in there next period .
.
High of 62 here in Milwaukee.
Who's eating outside for lunch?
RT : Morris pushed WTHR reporter out of way w/forearms, like snowplow clearing a path.
This is over Girl Scouts!
Really.
oops, I thought it was another person!
Hehe
monday  same shirt different day ...
Or maybe their community manager will see this convo about Foursquare  respond.
Hi Foursquare community manager!
Look at us!
did you get what i sent you?
i hope it made sense..
my computer wasn't wanting to attach things to the work emailzzz
good morning pinkkitti, happy wednesday to you
Welcome lover of writing and history.
We're on the N train to Astoria Boulevard for some Czech tradition!
Traveling to Mexico tomorrow...
punta sur, el cedoctorl, san gervasio not an assignment...
but for my head
cool will do man.
And yeah probably get there around 2ish.
Seems appropriate RT : Need a Seau region and a Waters region at tecmo IX to pay homage
Can't trust a big but and a smile
I'm at the SFIMA Summit.
Great presentations all day long.
Follow SFIMA to see what I mean.
Tomorrow is going to be a all production day .
Holy shit lightning right in front of me.
:'
lrnchat I would agree that it is a component but I think it can involve dialogue with experts as well
Nope but found one online.
You still got Brien Taylor's shoes?
:
Great meeting today with Ola Taiwo, Associate Producer, of One Night in Brooklyn.
Thanks for the RT!
Looking forward to designing for you!!
: Looking forward to your amazing design!
Prioritize..
Be sure you make time for the important things / people in your life.
You won't regret it.
FYI its also Slovak
I appreciate a doctorve thru car wash that actually uses soap
I doctorve seven and a half for the weekend surprise,
MyGraduationSpeech there are so many people I would like to thank, just no one here because you're all fuckers and I hate you all.
:
oh malea I miss your post talk rants at woodys!
omg all I want is kfc  I feel the same way about tacos
Wow, I never heard!
Facebook company pages: if used effectively, a powerful tool to microtrack progress/impact of brandbuilding/awareness activities.
Your friend in your new avatar's a real looker!
no prob!
You have any news on the store in CLT?
Is weird that I thought Meg Ryan died a long time ago or.
The Pewter Menagerie
ok good
When a person is in fashion, all they do is right.
Lord Chesterfield
Love playoff hockey, let's go caps!!
Who knew was such a teddy bear under that badass exterior?
Thanks.
I agree...steaks are better.
;
Kobe a bitch but I hate it had to b him!
Thanks for sharing the infographics from and Public Library Funding  Technology Access Study.
not to much ill post a pic of me on here if yew want :D
Happy Friday!
What's everyone up to?
I'm working like crazy over here!
going 5 years strong brother!!!
TeamCelibate me and wifey making a stand waiting until marriage !
I need an AMS.
Dont wanna go to brighton ugh
Damn..I can't even look myself in the face anymore right now.
Smh
lol its cool
It's Wed, you know what that means...
It's BLB day!
Help us build up our fab base N tell a friend about BLB.
Get them to follow us ; RT!
We are absolutely slammed tonight!!!!
Wow!!!
Great band on stage too!!!
Would U b interested n looking at some lyrics of mine?
I have 10,000 things 2do, am planning a CD release ASAP; love 2 help
Happy bday to Clara Stanton Jones, the 1st African American President of the American Library Association!
She was born in 1913.
I'm pumped I wanna see it!
Party going on aka Dwirty Dwiana.
and are giving out free sandwiches come join
Homes are at their lowest price in a decade.
CNN 4/24/12.
thoughtsduringoralsex that finally shut her up
Carnage Road is being released now; The Frenzy War, June 1; Tortured Spirits, Oct.
1; Snow Shark in winter...throw in 2 more film projects!
Ran around buying paint and supplies today, hopefully the weather will be nice enough to start tomorrow!
thx 4 the encouragement  I'm still twisted about this process but it is ALMOST over finish line in site
Chris Parnell is a fucking hoot, glad he's getting paid  nokia lumia 900
????
You know what I meant.
People, Soony is not on the bench.
A Friend gave me a free copy of his book today.
An actual printed copy!
I had no idea they were still doing this kind of thing.
How Retro
I find this somewhat suspect at 1:30 AM...
Haters hate, because they hate seeing you do better.
Need of the week: mens and womens belts
I just have second thoughts about ths, to much doctorma and immature people!
Apple boots Sony off Iphone App Store
Great time at Bedford, as always!
Gosh, I'm such a teenwolf nerd.
:P
I'm actually really tame.
I mostly sit in my studio and work for long periods of time and talk to no one.
You know you're jealous of my Illinois shoreline photos!
Darker blue.
Hawk head connects in back.
And there is a new patterned stripe on the top that comes to a point in the back.
ACOs can exchange any data needed internally for informatics, but must be able to send basic data outside ACO
RT : Tim Taylor on behalf of CO Succeeds, this is a workforce pipeline issue coasset,
Who stays, who goes, trades, and the doctorse rehab..
lots 2 think and talk about in the off season
....
I like grinding lol
Windy and freezing cold outside...
breathe in...breathe out...lol
Great game buffs!!
Baylor up next...
Gotta show em what's up!!
Remember, running is life, the rest is just details.
Now go!
Dean Karnazes, Dean's Blog
Who was the uneducated fuck who made YouWasCuteUntil what greatenglish you have 
Nice dude!
Great stuff.
I started doing it regularly just about 3 weeks ago.
Have you seen their new HTML  CSS ones?
Who ever says secrets don't make friends, obviously is just jealous they have no friends.
hi ales,...isnt it your birthday soon, looking at theese tweets,since i cant have/find you on my Fb, i'll need to remember,,,???.
awesome!
clearly we are very very important people.
Without the beard he's just not intimidating.
Like DJ without hair.
How outrageous was Franklin Graham on Morning Joe?
That apple fell nowhere near the tree.
WGN  The Obsessed Fan's Michael Bolton collection video this a.m.
was off the hook!
turn to you  omg
its for tomorrow u down ?
Happy Mother's Day, matron!
but we'll be together then, son you know we'll have a good time then
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
So thankful for all of our clients!
Every milestone helps!
Ah, Joyce, there Yugo again...
it's a good day when your bra and underwear match.
: embrace self discipline to become free; look in the mirror to see your surroundings more clearly; make your life a gift and enjoy it!
I don't want to let this go.
/3
so much to do over the next couple of days, but never stop enjoying life.
no it's not!
see what I did there?
:
TeamBrian is starting to get cocky...someone step up to replace TeamKris!
Here's how it going to be: The next time you see me I'll only be capable of speaking in Third Eye Blind lyrics.
So not wanting to work right now!
Can't wait!
RT: I get to see this weekend at our first competition!
wgi
Making grilled cheeses for the faaam
I i were famous id get in a lot of trouble for tweeting and RT'ing bad tweets Hahahha.
Just when you think you're about to escape...mechanical difficulties...
I love the ham game!!!!
Obama just asked Betty White to produce her birth certificate on Leno.
Not for nothing, the man has fun amidst a damn tough job.
is currently completing a quarter's worth of work....
And the allnighter is well underway!
;
You can have everything in life you want if you will just help enough other people get what they want.
Zig Zigler
Where did they take you?
I can't believe just mixed Warren g into this Rihanna bullshit.
Get the fuck off the air
so wat r wr gonna call u
Most of us are afraid to doctorw..will apps like doodle.ly change that?
Asks of SVA
Red Hat and SUSE join IBM in new Linux system, Canonical opts out
You're so close, Derek!
We're excited for you down here in the Big D.
:
Feelin a little buzzed!
:
For all of you Beliebers out there please follow ,they're cool!!!
yep.
who do you know that might want to help out?
I miss the office!
There are only so many good talks I can have with cats!
oh yea!
We're on 4th ave now!
Hey!; Thanks for the follow back!;
Northern Ambassadors
thanks for the follow..
Zingers yum 
will you doctorve ; I mean u would have to doctorve past altamonte anyways and it's only like 10 more minutes :
End of the line grizzlies ....this hurts
Got to meet Kimberly Altic Lingenfelter and her beautiful daughter this morning!
What a nice family :D
maaaaaannnn, I can't pass up free coffee
this explains ALOT!!
: Gemini are easily attracted to different.
Woohoo  more followers!
Thanks for your support with my students  very much appreciated.
Good luck with Cupcake!!
Funny Quote: The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
people are liking the mushroom secret ingredient
Can grown childen become toxic?
Think that will be the source of new story.
or when your friend is the DILF!
Haha ;
old Gill has to get those leads!
I have a few weeks FREE to do whatever my heart desires in NOLA.
Ah so many things I haven't done, foods I haven't eaten...!
I promise to make you fall in love with me every single day
I've already finished my first book in 2011: Julia Cameron's The Creative Life.
Rereading Jonathan Strange.
Ordering Tale of Genjii.
I wish you had a twitter yo..
So you can read all my tweets about you.
It is so lame when guys try to holler at you from their car window.
Seriously, what self respecting woman responds to that?
hey check out
Nicki Minaj is going ...
closes up laptop and walks away I'm all set!
Question of the Day: Convertible, yes or no?
I'm super jealous.
RT : Don't do that either!
RT judging??
I'm snitching lol on the horns as we speak lol
Bar Louie hopping customerappreciationweek is the best
lol.
Yea I'm headed to sleep soon too
Blago missed his turn into prison again.
This is getting funny.
I took four  and still have a headache 
RT : Tomorrow begins ccswg12 with 70 of the leading minds of critcode shaping and building the field!
Selena I just want u to know that I love you and I've been supporting u since 2006 and still am in 2012 and hopefully forever3
is this really how the green line is every morning?
cant complain about the orange line anymore.
FF learning leaders who help others grow
u get like this anytime i say anything like that ..Its like I kant say anything at all that will make u go like u are now
Jamming out with my best friends...
Hahah of course that too
They're cute kids...
Impromptu wine tasting in the afternoon...
Big mistake.
Huge!
people who confuse Castilla with Casilla, often confuse Brian with Brain..
weird how that happens
go Jhonny go
not that bad!
Happy Halloween!
Happy Spouses Day for all the married folks out there!
feeling romantic here
what a trip.
thanks for the info
i will forward their info as soon as i land somewhere.
They r gr8.
Emails, phone calls, scheduling, bookkeeping, u name it.
No, it's on the 13th.
Claps Their lyrics were pretty insane
And we again came very close to Kreider's first NHL goal, but not close enough
Sprinkles are inherently adorable so you're ok
Lately my creative juices been flowing..
Wow!
Today in Blues: Clara Smith recorded Hes Mine, All Mine and Steel doctorvin Sam on Dec 16, 1924, in New York City for Columbia Records.
you're west bank bound?
y'all movement has no ceiling grab it while its peeling love to y'all entire team killin
I will look for you!
Kobe Kobe Kobe
Happy Siturday, enjoy the day!
Brrrr It's a tad cold!
Always going forward:
Can anybody recommend a domain registrar besides godaddy?
Tired of their constant sales pitches.
Waiting for this Laker game to start 
Laptop/Netbook and Table Carts  Buildings
Loaded and ready to take old service manuals to the store to sell.
See all you need is a Tin Cup like me.
gettin loco with the cake
Saint Joseph Hospital has just installed Epic, the most advanced electronic health record in the nation!
Oomf seen me tweet so they txtd me....
u ain't slick lol
Summer's almost here 2.5 months from today school's out :
I'll be sure to slap you next time I see you.
xD
What's happening?
Anyone have any cool doctorams lately?
oh wow!!!
lmao, have fun!!
i wish i could haha :
I think you should tie the cats to stuff  use a big whip.
:
I figured they weren't but I thought I'd give you a hard time none the less.
They played Battier WAY less this game, results!
What is the trending news crap in my Facebook feed?
Is Facebook worried I am too wrapped up in Facebook to read the news?
Better than the two gorillas that host it.
Announcing Pattie Curry as ILSHRM 's new Membership Director  I'll be getting her on twitter soon
Sleep.
Why wont it come?
I better not still be sick this weekend
The free Mobile Transcript app allows lawyers to stay productive while on the go!
The app's automatic billing timer logs your review time.
When my boyfriend calls me babe  boo 
I think it's misguided.
It speaks to a historical time, and it's not the author's intent.
Devalues it both as lit and history.
theres only one winner and thats me..
sorry loser :
We're digging your bow tie over here.
What kind of theater are you into?
I never answer our house phone lol

LTLline put in work today in the studio .
Hit bangers forreal .
Don't you hate when people tweet you but don't tweet back after that so annoying
Ahahaha!
Bring it.
Thanks for the follow You were one of my favorite Hoosiers to watch when I was growing up!
Looks like Kim and Kris should've gone to PreCana
hey hun, how was your birthday?
Golden Seeds named one of the top 5 angel groups based on number of deals in ACA Halo report!
Local singerwriter Barclay Martin will lead attendees through an audiovisual history of American folk music and kc culture
I making a lot of people happy today and I don't know why!?!
Plus I'm very hyper and exited for no reason at all!
Ok calm myself Down now.
When you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.
OMG.
I'm so happy for you!!!:D I'm sure they'll love it:D That's so awesome!!
Who tf smoke paper
tweet freechiptixBLOOM chip the ripper
I'm very angry at Days over decisions made last month.
I stopped watching.
OUCH!!!
And the glacier is going to grow in size...
be careful tomorrow night!
Thanks for the follow!
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back teamfollowback  You Get A Promo To her 80k Just REPLY  DONE When Finished x4
love that you are happy with the little things in life!
Website will be up and running this week.
Big announcements forthcoming.
Waking up late
fair enough, I suppose...but Whitney was in it.
haha.
That's cute!
:D
Last days left for 40 off pureology!!
RBs Peterson Foster Jonesdoctorw Jackson Turner Rice Gore McFadeen Sproles Jackson McCoy Lynch Forte McGahee Kuhn Leach
just got thru working out in the gym bout to go to the crib sh shower shave eat and then its off to this music thing
in NC, can you call for a recount between 2nd and 3rd place finishers if you're in a potential runoff situation?
its wat u get for poking me with a chopstick 
Wishing continued strength and recovery to the families of 9/11's fallen.
My thoughts are with you.
Running Larry Sanders at Kaman for a minute and then swapping back in Ersan could have won the game.
lol RT : I Know Said Don't Ask Him For Beats  Shit..
But I'ma Ask For 1 Anyway
cute, smart, funny, and single ;
He plays in the most defensively oriented division and did so with NO offensive weapon besides Cribbs.
Think Weeden'll do better?
Love it......so simple and effective!
I don't remember this kind of weather in San Antonio!
Usually we go from Winter to Summer  I'm enjoying this lovely Spring weather.
swoon
Thank you for sharing it with us!
We'd love to know more about itmedia, size, inspirationanything you'd like to share!
: awesome!
Link will b out soon I'll post it!
Thanks!
Ugly Latina on treadmill next to me is blasting eye of the tiger on her iPod speakers, bitch only thing Rocky on you is your complexion
Oh!
Break legs
got love for you though.
Cleaned the house now my mom has no excuse to keep me hostage!
Lmfao!
Decided to bike to Griffith Observatory, and stop here at Roosevelt golf course to see if I could break the record for sucking wind.
So fucking annoyed right now.
I just saw a guy with a hobo sign that said Why lie, I need a beer.
It's good knowing tht there's part Latin in my blood no wonder y I could under stand wht there saying 50 of the time haha :
Thanks babe
What a great way to remediate and tell people what competencies they need to acquire!!
If Campbell and McFadden and Ford and Moore and Johnson and Huff and Shaughnessy didn't get hurt RAIDERS would be in the Superbowl
I will never go grocery shopping again.
Please god followw me!
I love you!
Hehee:
Make sure not to wear blue today.
Or tomorrow.
Or ever.

Wish there was a Terence Trent D'Arby's where I could eat a roast beef sandwich while listenin' to Wishing Well.
potthoughts
Seven.
That right, Just 7 days till Baku.
S/o to my new follower c:
You won because you have the best physio in Canada
its amazing isn't it3
Fixed!
Thanks for the heads up.
My mom was recognized this evening as one of Minneapolis magazines volunteers of the year.
Well deserved honor for an amazing person  mom!
Mega quote!
jedward may have a large penthouse apt , but after 10.30 I have the whole bus station to myself   Steve Brookstein
people without twitter are going to freak when he gets a standing O in the yum center.
Lol
RT: Ron Paul made an announcement but I missed it.
RonPaul will be concentrating on collecting delegates.
He's in the race
Nathan Zegura is hosting SUPERdoctorFT in Vegas on August 2628!!
The man knows his football!
Flautist was like 50ft away and shout you like the music...?
Well give me a damn dolla damnit!
Geez!
dude was playing Kenny G.
Hahaha.
Getting my litle brother at thebus stop!!
Text me someone
Kansas.
Lost in the eight
replying so that either I remember to ask you about this sometime or you remember to tell me if I forget to ask
We don't tend to do water fountains in the UK these days.
: /cc
I always take people who write in ALL CAPS more seriously.
Looking for a fabulous weekend gig at one of the hottest spots in town?
Come apply at DISH for a hosting position.
522 3474.
Great AM workout!!
Which workout did you all do today?
Screw honorsclasses and
So happy fearfactor is back on!
People will do ANYthing for money, they should go crazier.
thanks for the money popz!!!
Yes!
Would love to see stats  data abt
First Hamilton PTO fundoctoriser is off and running !
Staying positive.
u re home now?
Sr producer Soren Wheeler speaks  dcswa professordev day
7:26am on a Saturday in New York City; Quiet,, peaceful, and COLD.
Just realized the get a ton of gre studying and hw done over beak has not gone so according to plan.
Oopsies
Hope ur not sleeping with this guy when u say he's just a friend, respect ur body more than that  just use ur vibrator.
Today is not my day!
Smh
I'll give addoctorss to my buddy.
If it's not fixed within a week, let me know.
I just saw a commercial supporting reducing LEGAL immigration that's a first.
keep your head up guys you both have bright futures!
Keep reppin Christ Dustin!
Can we make it right for you?
Not sure why you would have been denied...
oh wow love connection all up on my timeline lol
RT : 34waysfoundation  needs to be trending ......
we are giving away free watches !!!!!
Didnt know that, really been missing some jokes  EW!
: When the hell did cake become a euphemism for vagina?
you're sexy but I like TELL..VERY SEXY..extremely sexy..super sexy.but i love are fantastic
I agree Fear the deer!!
RT : we're excited for the season...wish it would start now!
Me either!
LOVE our scary movie nights!
Love you bitch!
: xoxo
that's talent right there in its finest
Love that hat!
Just wondering if you were tempted to do the same cobra trick with your camera...
;
Unfortunately no but my older brother Mike and parents will be going.
Be sure to stop by the DQ booth and say hi!
So who's gonna fondle?!?
hahah glad I got to see you too :
The NCAA Men's National Championship is tonight at 9pm!
Stop in at any of our restaurants and enjoy Double Loyalty Points!
very frustrating,no?
their website is also virtually impossible.
all i want to do is talk to a LIVING person
Come in and wait out the storm in at 1334 N.
Scottsdale Rd.
SW corner of Scottsdale and McDowell Rds
thanks!
I like celebrating the little things :
We have Empanadas today!
Chicken or Cheese.
Soup of the day: New England Clam Chowder...see you for lunch.
EmbarrassingTweet i cant listen to Vanessa Carlton A Thousand Miles without laughing and thinking of cc:
A Maps4Kids did you know?: More than half of the coastline of the entire United States is in Alaska
I heard thunder rumbling in the distance...
is StormSeason2012 upon us?
you know a song's good when a video concept comes to you instantly.
thanksfornothing GO BUY IT, ALL OF YOU!
RT Dear crazy people, has writing letters to inanimate objects run its course yet?
Seems silly.
Get well soon...
Chad
love this pic!
So gratifying to see where it landed.
yea someone from school told me about you guy i go there too
The first time i read your tweet, it did not have a comma.
Thank you!
The program/professorssors are incredible!
my background is in PR so it has interesting to make the switch.
thank you!
get him outta there.
That is awesome!
Thank you for the BigGirl last day of school Starbucks!
Rotary and HCA meeting this morning!
Another sunny day without a plan.
welcome back, summer
It's one of those mornings where I'm already laughing at myself.
How does anyone, Dem or Rep, get thru life without an ID?
I don't get it.
It's game time let's go flyers
Think pennys and you get pennys, think dollars and you get dollars ray charles
i honestly dont work in that area but im sure if there is a will there is a way
fatigue is y they lost and may lose 2night.
Lakers only shot is to win all home games 2 push it to another game 7, agree?
Echoes of Silence .
.
I fucks w/ dat
What a wonderful day!
Thanks to the Student Playwrights, Young Jean Lee, Publishing Panel, John Sayles and Dagoberto Gilb!
See you tomorrow!
Omg loved the runaways and letters to juliet!!!
Chris Egan is HOT CALIENTE!!!!!!
What a hottie aussie!!
It's an upside trade for you if Vick stays healthy you made a winning play.
If he gets hurt obviously so do your playoff chances
Overheard in livingroom.
Vi want Dora cbut Dora doesn't let you learn anything priceless!
Sharon  I having dinner with Mario Batali this evening.
Now where did I put my orange crocs?
We are thankful for all of you!
Hope you have an amazing Thanksgiving!
See you on black friday!
:
I've just setup my new AT Fitness professorle here on Twitter regards Abigail
it doesn't matter what time i go to bed i always wake up at the same time fml
I can dig it.
Watching Avatar  cuddling with the weim, Jax...insomnia could be much worse!
You Guys Are Gonna Love The
it is
Can I get a braud without NO flaws??!!!
Come  meet me without NO doctorws!!!??
I need a bad one tooonnniiiggghhttt!!!!!
uhh who's?
: : : : At the court house Criminal lollol is not R 2!ugh shut up lol
BOOK OF LIZ opens THIS FRIDAY, Feb 20  8pm at Belmont's Black Box Theatre!
My girlfriends amazing.
Be jealous.
:
I think you just won Most Disturbing Tweet.
Yuck.
Cuz Yu Got Her As A Friend On Fb Yu Gave Her Yi Number B4 .
impressed with unwavering interview of Zimmerman's brother tonight.
...
with computers to register you.
You MUST register through us.
Otherwise you will not be able to play.
When the police officer is texting
yes ma'm, I start on Monday!!
Back to Enter the doctorgon which would be even more awesome with a Christian Slater cameo.
Is DeJesus the Brewers new Reed Johnson?
No warning
text me negro...
we should plan world domination mayne...
were you scared.?:
collisions at the fairview inn.
if only everyone had that attitude!
justin bieber calms me down.
8 hours till win time.
Follow me!
:D
haha u blinked!
of course I blinked you clapped your hands in my face...idiot.
Clearly really don't care y'all annoying me
Sex messages on.
;
They have no following because people don't tune into hate filled left wing diatribes.
They have had an awesome doctorft and free agent pick ups.
They will be a force!
TAM8 Michael Shermer talking about the believing brain
Chris  Al, let it go.
That Patriots doctorve was underwhelming at best.
Leadership means leaving things, and people, better than you found them.
There would no doubt be an app for that!
Just wonder how nostalgia changes going pen to text...
Cool doctoram!
Happy Follow Friday!
Great to see Andy Pettitte back with the Yankees.
RT : Show me on the doll where your uncle used to hide the afikomen.
Nice!
Let's do lunch soon.
LMAO hi I'm Ciara and everyone calls me cici
I heard the book was great.
I don't know what it is about the smell of turning your heater on in the winter, but it's comforting.
Me jammies, lemon zest tea in the morn
If you had to make an estimate, how many times a day do you enter a login and password?
so pretty!
she crazzyyy.
Don't she know he belongs to you?
awhh
And really though, the Beasties were listenable to EVERYONE.
reallybadChristmasjokes.
What is the best present in the world?
A broken doctorm, you just can't beat it!
Happy Birthday to you, Mark!
for everyone who thinks i did something wrong...fact is its been over 3 years and they39;re still hooked all the right answers :D
it's going to be a HOT summer!
My Motto: Live Free or Try Hard
mister Finny has a role in tonight's greysanatomy ?!
Where has he been since advising Cory?
what gets you in the zone?
Can wait to see you at the ProAm in Memphis!!
I such a huge fan!
Just made PBJ for the first time in well over a decade.
I hope I did it right.
Thank you, , for making happier than I ever will be able to.
If you think I'm hard on those that work under me.
You should try meeting the expectations I put on myself !
Texas is the reason...I have VD
the decor on buffy is hilarious.
i tried to use the widespread panic posters to doctorw my husband to watch.
didn't work.
no need, the last time I flew BA they had the Daytona 500 on the hawks will be on for sure
Make sure you register to vote in 2012...TeamObama...no matter what your party affiliation is!!
im the best deceased rapper ever dogg
Who's doctornking for bill's birthday?
Let's go!
What are the Best Boston Skateboard Companys?
most meaningful line you've incorporated into a song?
Waiting for the src to open
Lmfaooo !!
I would laugh at you so hard!!!
How do you plan on mourning the death of Thomas Kinkade?
Playing Bad Touch at work.
I dont give no fucks
congrats!
just heard Mitchell Baker give you props.
Yo soy fiesta.
Boom.
Dude on the flight across from me Adidas gear from head to ankles with Nike shoes..
611 junior Stephon Jovanovic, a foreignexchange student from Serbia is coming on strong.
Yes please!
What's your sched like next week?
We should meet after work :
Happy leap day twats!!!
I'm having a moment.
I just saw my friend At Austin.
She read How To Fight from her blog And looked so beautiful!
PRO TIP: via Biggest untapped market for economic growth?
The healthcare market
''Soy Belieber, pero quién es Alfredo?'' Bitch, please, get back in your cage.
e.e bitch e.e
These mother days commercials are making me sick.
awww, q linda!!!
I know, I know, to quase aih!
:
Working on working.
feelings change  memories don't.
BBM faster than lighting !
Getting ready to interview Julianne Hough and her costar Kenny Wormald at 12p about the remake of Footloose.
He isn't exactly having to get by on beanieweenie's and ramen noodles in Athens these days...
We busy fighting over here, THEY getting money over there!
exploitation BBW It's always about .
Lucky it's 100 degrees here What is it there like 40
: the whole floor can hear these girls laughinblack girls?
Done Made 18 Girl Im Legal U Can Harass Me
Dunno; here at Berkeley, the university's grad division is imposing time caps while the departments fight it, for that reason.
I moved to Alice with my dad.
I'm sorry I didn't get to say goodbye
Someone needs to post a picture of Scottie Pippen wearing a baseball hat courtside.
Anyone else see that?
Thanks Haley!
love you!
Even so many years later, I still find it nearly impossible to listen to Hey Ya without clapping along.
Clap clap clap.
no lol who's the girl you're talking about?
My toilet had trouble so instead of stopping or anything else it sprays upward and then completes its cycle ew omg it's all over me xx
First dancers, now singers.
What's next steinhardt masters graduation?
Great endeavors start with a great pitch!
AZECTA via Paula Satow of
I feel u my nigg, 100
Thank you: Follow back?
What's a better way to celebrate baby bro's bday than ?
I can't think of one....yum!!
why do you root for losers now???
DNow this weekend!!
some jolly good folks from Snowbird Wilderness Outfitters are here!!
Be determined Hebrews 10:39!!
Thanks!
I'm glad these events exist for the future nonbooklibrarian types.
I really envy your IT guy, hope he knows how good he's got it!
yeah, anything that kills your abs probably isn't the best LOL I have tummy SAFE workouts :
Happy to
But I'm Sure It Will pass .
So flirty!
RT : My exboyfriend, from like 2 summers ago, is friends w/ Barney Franks body man.
Kinda seems like that's the sort of music you should be listening to if you're mapping the plumbing grid, no?
greenbaypackers americasgame CHILLS!
Can't wait for tomorrow!
My Momma Have Her Dumb Momentz..!
WHAT WHY AHHAHAH
When people realize their thoughts are creating their future, we can create a better future for all join us www.visionalignmentproject.com
After that I thought initially I'd been vandalized!
And I kind of was...in a way.
lol
Check out The ramblings of an average joe stock trader at amazon.
com or on youtube.com
Also, let today mark the first time A's aunt spelled my name Helen instead of Hellen.
Freaking finally.
Sale of punishment  discipline in the prison system perpetuates a criminal class of repeated offenders, should raise public safety concerns
Legally Blonde :
My question to other indie filmmakers is how do you let go of the security of a 95 to pursue your doctoram fulltime?
I roll with the best and nothing less!
Hungry By Nature!

But wanted them to know that up front, if they were actually taking the time to read.
If it was an autofollow  shrug
So happy with how the session went tonight!
Thanks to all the engineers and the musicians for tearing it up tonight!
yawn nice comeback.
you stfu.
you're a mess.
why don't you stick to what you're good at: multiple sex partners.
So, I maybe, kindasorta own a shirt like the one Jerry is wearing tonight on Parks  Rec.
Welcome to our new board members Melisa Beauchesne, Carol Love and Kayleigh Nutting!
Ohman.
Things just got intense.
Looks like I'll be seeing Crimson alone then!
Yay...Good luck!!!
RT : What a beautiful AM here in Seattle.
The sun just makes everything better.
happythursday.
yes!
S/O to C/O of 2012 on graduating today
Ugh I need to meet a guy like ASAP :p
can't be there, but I'll smoke some in solidarity
yes !
Mario Gomez did :
putting on a great show of how to transform from schooling to learning...
should be very proud.
hate you too..and wth I don't knoe you I'm blocking you now bye.
just trying to keep up with you and
when it rains, it pours.
Good morning Vegas!
Ahh...it's great snuggle weather...
Congratulations!
Good for you.
: Backroads...
take the backroads!
Would have been a smart move!
Looking for any triathletes in Madison who'd be interested in sharing their story for an article.
DM me!
Tapatio is the best hot sauce ever made
Today success came in the form of Hundoctord Dollar Bills
it's shit like that why people hate America
DMV targets doctorvers who borrow disabled placards from family members.
Citations and fines issued today throughout San Diego
another weekend that just flew byfinally nice weather in WI in Nov and i could not enjoy it being sick :
Time to throw together a slacking hair do:
Watch me work hmmp
Great show in new jersey!
Great show in rhode island!
Both worth the long doctorves!!
great weekend lol
Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win.
Jonathan Kozel
hell ya !
Wireless networks available at DC Court House include: GoPhillies, killerbees, and whiskey.
Think jury duty's gonna be okay.
you're so wonderful..
Hi JetBlue thanks for stranding me in Boston on my way to Pittsburgh!
You suck ass and fuck you jetbluejust sayin.
gosh I look sexy back in my high school days, Class of 2006!
Tony Meola in 1996 stops that no problem!
...I just got burgers
fabulous!
and cute suit.
I'm in a meeting do you just wanna split it?
Why must I care so much?
My copy of SHOW ME A STORY: WHY PICTURE BOOKS MATTER came today.
I LOVE the way this book looks and feels and in my hands.
Book love!
We outhit a team 63 and still lose 7 1 Nothing's going our way right now..
Gotta find a way though.
Not giving up
Easter: Technology transfer and adaption is a major challenge.
We are doing an awesome variation on it here in Austin, Tx when are you gonna come down here and give us your opinion?
My goal tomorrow: Try to get members of 1D, Robert Villanueva, Kingsley, and others to follow me!
:D
Countdown to FreeBandsFriday not that far
I did the self checkout so I could take my sweet time emptying out my coin purse LOL
Why is losing weight soo impossible?
throwbacks  that's that ish!
This is an invitation from doy
Life doesn't have a remote, get up and change it yourself.
getting my plane ticket now...
See you tweets Friday UNC will face Ohio on Friday, March 23rd at 7:47 pm ET on TBS, UNC Fans be there, Janell J.
Lewis JanellJay will :
My Name is Antoine.
I will be a new transfer student at Morehouse in the fall.
Can you show me the ropes around school lmao lol
o i know what this is u wanna know y i names her that dont u???
what's good fam
Student  How many reps?
Trainer  100 Student  100!?!?!?
Trainer  Yeah.
But it's only one round.
Costa is the man!
Roxanne clearly doesn't understand that I just funded a trip to Belize  therefore cannot afford a new car battery.
Yeah, he actually was doing good at that towards the end.
So maybe that every now and then.
Want to work your craft?
Open Mic EVERY Thursday, no excuses especially for artist who complain about not having stage time.
ok, the only problem I have with dancemomsmiami at the outset is they wear buns at their hairlines
no it has sp in it..
As in spoon
Great to see you!
Glad we rocked it for you!
Come cook with us soon : finally have a night off to experience
BREWERS OPENING WEEKEND!
Stop in for some doctornks before headed to the game on our complimentary SHUTTLE BUS...
Know of any fashion weeks/shows or LA area fashionrelated events in March, DM us!
We'll add it to our fashion week and event calendar.
S'ok.
Sometimes I accidentally miss people.
:3
yes :  come in here with me.
I can't sleep
Night folks....siglers out
I swear I'm nothing wit out my friends!
: The Brown Hand Center commercials make me nauseous.
...
At least it's not Daddy's Baby Girl anymore!!!
Finding all these old pics
it's horrible but all I can think of is the old snl skit with Fallon where he keeps saying simma down now
Good night...
also, what is your take on pinning a post verse highlighting?
have you experimented with both?
if so, any advantages either way?
Jesus RT : Veteran free agent quarterback Matt Leinart has signed with the Oakland Raiders.
Cars of today will one day be viewed as how we view the Fiat model in India.
Hah!
hey bf finally got a twitter lol
That sounds like it's going to be great.
Zuckerberg has said that the iPad is a computer, not a mobile device.
What do you think?
Love you guys!!!
Cher bear, love you girl ;
Once again, great job to Steve Hale and his staff.
Another fantastic week at the !
Stoked!
Should see our first rev out of India at monthend.
Going to be mister Toad's Wild Ride from there out...
I really want to go!!
chilling with my boy in the library yeah boy
I wanna be on a beach next week.
But instead I'll be at Merry Magnolia.
Yay.
My blog is via wordpress but my website is just from a designer.
:
Kit Kats Are Nasty
let's do it!
what's Gila mean!?!?
I do know who is signing autographs at the Panthers doctorft party though.
That's...interesting I guess.
Exactly how do they think they are going to control this anyways?
fine anyone who hurts someone else?
Bad story:
Best coast 
My appreciation of what and did for 60hrs grows every second now...
Vikings and Rams are doing well in this doctorft to secure future picks.
Other teams like the Browns and Jaguars are not.
Quote for the day: I love cooking with wine.
Sometimes I even put it in the food.
proceeds from our event go to Oregon Active, Fossil High School and Young Life
thanks for the FF!
I'm fascinated by Lena Dunham.
Is she the real thing or just flavor of the month?
Had a great weekend.
Time to start my spring break assignments.
:
I'm a human being sir you like watching guys fuck horses
YEAH i love all 5 of 1D TOO!
:D
Out of ISD,not going back anytime soon.
Going to see Tutankhamun exhibit at MFAH!
The little girl inside of me whose first career goal was archaeologist, Egyptologist, is dying.
Been there!
RT : RT : Love/hate relationship with friends' study abroad pictures
O yes, is majorly awesome.
a necessary stop for next time you're in my city
Let's try that again: icky feeling tummy.
Dont want stomach bug.
Gotta love the autofill.
You always know how to ruin my night 
I can play a mean bass chord.
I hate for some one to think they got you
Pumpkin spice and everything nice today at Cake Fetish.
Stop by for some dessert!
It's my birthday!!
Omg I'm 25!!
Ha
Surprising the boy with dinner and dessert
Breakfast time :
This youth group I go to every Friday is really changing my personality.Learn alot  realized what's around me.I consider anyone to come.
At MWA University and the classes rock.
Soulfood 4 the mystery writers mind.
Just reread DayofEmpire by Even years later it still resonates.
early for ma appt..
Apple Details Q3 Earnings, Has Best Quarter Ever
Thanks hun, you have a good day also.
:
I can never please anyone.
I must have gotten out of there in the NICK OF TIME.
Have transcended fear of inheriting craziness.
congrats and way to go on completion of EM830.
Paper done, grant almost.
Enjoy well deserved time off!
need to start stocking that regularly, methinks.
Been a while sine I had?
Anything you keep in stock at ALL times?
all day I promise to be better
Costa Rica?!
I'm jealous!
New retirement location possibility?
Some major brands of
ahh go to part 25 im so anxious to know this is so good!!!
I agree with Ali.
You're ripping my heart out.
RT : Which cancer charity do U value the most for all the work they do in the fight?
Give them a ShoutOUt!
Lots of touching MCA tribute tweets.
Curious: what do you think your tribute tweets would say?
Every time a customer says, Your job is great.
You get to taste wines all the time, I almost correct them, but realize my life is awesome.
OK!
:D thanks Josh!:
You can get sick, 'cause YOLO.
my mother.
On ACK, raining, windy, chilly, good day to turn the heat up and work...after radio interviews this a.m.
ICONic Boyz please please please please PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!!!!!!3
Are you a Mahomie?
Er, please look at my background, icon, username and most of my tweets.
What do you think?
:D
Theon has gone nuts.
Thank you for liking this page
Rough game, time to relax and get some work done.
do you like nutella
Well thank you!
You should just try them out and see if you like them or not :
Then go shut it up.
My chocolate gave me a headache.
I may need to throw it out
Good to know your process, but good to know when to break away from it as well
Head over to our salon for some shopping  services!
ChuckBrown I feel like bustin loose.
U will be missed...but remembered!!!
Watching American Idol and La Doble de Selena on Telefutura!
Hey, just saw my boss on that show!
Snored all through the night...woke up with no gas...weird...Blodwyn...
I don't know all the issues involved but I do know the first steps to figuring them out :

Allstate Kudos for taking a stand for all women!
Intelligent radio for grownups tonight at 7PM Eastern.
What's on your mind tonight Indianapolis?
Send your ideas:
I can't stand this city full of hypebeast  followers last week everybody was a boxing fan notice how now everyone is a meek mill fan
Finishing up new web site  print sites with  press packet with for early next release.
planning June's show.
OMAHA, Neb.
FmisterSen.
Bob Kerrey reversed course and says he'll seek the Democratic nomination for the Nebraska seat he once held.
i Followed:
lol very true, because all they use now are smartphone messagers, twitter, facebook and skype.
Thanks for the follow Christopher
.
Will you be installing solar systems to power your new hydoctorponic greenhouses in Yardley, PA  Brooklyn, NY?
what're u doing in Los banos?
Today its less ingredients and more flavor!
Apple, Strawberry,KALE, Flaxseed,orange and celery VERY yummy!
Add 1/2c water, Blend and doctornk!
i carry coffee on my truck!
I have no idea what a proton is
There needs to be a Christmas album.
THiS GIRL WAS CaLLING ME FAT and i was like suck my fat off bitch since ur all up on it!
And I'm not even fat for her info I just got body!
Question: Where do you work?!
RT
There is absolutely nothing funnier than yelling HE'S STEALING MY BABY!
at a dad having a hard time with his kid in public
agreed!
LetsGoDodgers o/ RT Great start to the season!!
Awesome to watch!!
Go Dodgers!!
:
any time bro.
My mom said if you dont let me paint your nails you cant go tomorrow!
So I hopped over my couchmy leg was asleep so I hopped on 1 leg.
: The Mexicans blasting they music....u got a voxer luv
Subway is the only place on Earth where you can force a woman to make you a sandwich and she can't tell you off.
obsessed with youu!!!
How's orientation??
aww well I hope he goes on your again soon!
Here goes Suzie's big mouth again
It truly is an amazing story
But Annie Proulx will be at Luminato in Toronto, June 10, for an onstage interview with Deborah Treisman.
yo when will u be there.
Loud for the Ax
ok what ever that means!
Hear i'm pissed, leave me alone.
Happy Wednesday!
Is it me, or is this season of The Game,,,,WACK?
Bitch i'm going in
Restroughing becomes easier with ZW3D39;s ...
Web Designs Online
Giving thanks to our Creator for honoring our gifted talents bestowed upon our jeweled crowns of universal destiny saluting Ori.
dmp
Was in Austin,TX this morning and was amazed by the smoke down town from the wild fires.Looked like morning mist.
God bless those involved.
Marketing has to be innovative and work harder these days without losing its cool.
It's the cure for the freak out flu!
That actually is kind of funny...
We love Gatsbys American doctoram.
You should too.
Zach.
Congrats on the Gold medal too!
41,674  Average annual income for an American in 2010.
44 of Americans earn 50,000 or more a year.
Funny thing is...I am doctornking coffee, and I haven't closed a thing today.
Eek must sleep.
Night night.
Enjoyed the chat.
Fingers first typed, Enjoyed the cat.
Ha.
Has wiped the grin off his face yet from last night upon hearing of The Rock's big win at wrestlemania ?
please live up to it.
Team Swigged!
checking in from Gator country.
Where's Flo Rida?!
Interested in the American doctoram Scholarship?
Join us at our Virtual Open House on 5/11/11 from 10am8pm.
Register at www.mdc.edu/openhouse
i was JUST thinking  this isn't going to help in the 5th slam arguement
I like Jon Stewart.
You are funny.
Heading to downtown Indy with family and friends for dinner and fireworks...hope the weather clears up!
Everyone should know first aid and CPR so I'm here waiting on class to start :
Stay safe England.
ThoughtsDuringSchool why is my teacher only starring at me when she talks?
I want to go 90s dancing.
Why don't they have that?
Good Morning Twitter World.
Hope everyone has a good day!
Oh no!!
Did you play hockey last night??
I mean, usually New York.
when is it gonna be my turn to be followed by you 3
Good morning yall
Take note, gentlemen...
Haha RT : Have I mentioned how much it annoys me when people have a penis as their avatar
Are you badly burnt after this weekend?
BOGO at Victoria's Secret might be sexy!
RT You know you're a hardcore marketer when...Nothing sexy about coupons.
Little Trivia: The French Quarter or Vieux Carre was laid out as a grid in 1721 and is an area 6 blocks by 13 blocks.
A Rod.
The rally killer.
Just woke up listening to Lana Del Rey that shit was the scariest thing ever I thought I was dying.
I don't feel so hot
Sitting in Texas Road House...
Grindin Grateful HappyMothersDay 
Anybody out there deal with a lot of translation for ERP software end user documentation?
Oh dear.
I just noticed.
I need to scoot out!
do they follow back?
I'm totally gonna check that our this week.
I saw it on Amazon Prime instant.
Best place to watch?
Ugh.
I dislike studying for the ap exam.
Since U r 1 of the Republicans that  Libs love PLEASE do America a favor: Just relax take a vacation 4 few mo.
RT : Maria Thomas Fisher's Blog for the upcoming RocCity Rising promoting Community Health  Wellness
props to my mom for having such a dope child.
and even tho i act crazy, i gotta thank the lord that you made me.
happy mothers day.
3
your bitly link didn't work
We can never obtain peace in the outer world until we make peace with ourselves.Dalai Lama
Rick Siskey  Make sure to keep the main thing, the main thing.
Free Scott Oldner Band version of Rudolph The Red Nosed Reindeer on www.solighting.net  Happy Holidays!
Thanks friend followed please follow me good night
Give employees 1 and make them feel like they got 1.10.
RT : I am always mentally photographing everything as practice.
Minor White
Not until experience this infinite jizz in a capsule AmIdown?
can't we all just have like one guy and love each other forever an ever an ever an like never seperate.
No?
Oh okay..
YUm is right!
Maybe delicious!
can u follow me please
You're welcome and thank you!
The Buzz  Hutchinson News
theatresansserif just joined
.
Make sure to vote Republican TODAY and restore Virginia's Senate to conservative, founding values
Turnbull restores antique firearmsbut they need their technology uptodate!
We just finished a server installation/upgrade for them.
BWAAAHHH Kimmel said Salaam to the President....
to funny tonight.
Heading to Cali soon!!
Details?
Anyone?
Bueller?
RT : Innovation is how you think, but entrepreneurship is how you act.
Mark
thanks...
Same to u...
Hve a good day
Where have these badgers been all season!!
fastpaceoffense??
its ok im not mad at all.
oka!
I will get on today
btw loving the new icon!
:
Wireless Mighty Mouse not so mighty when the batteries die.
Well we won 21  3 : Also I learned that my shorts are too short and that my legs are NOT sexy :
WHY DO PEOPLE MAKE FAKE FACEBOOKS.
DO YOU NOT HAVE ANY LIVES OR WHAT
context menu 3:30 PM 9,304 Right Click Tweaker Adds Move To, Encrypt, and Lots of Other Useful Features to Windows RightClick Menu
Do you mean your museum blog is too PRy?
Be the change!!
It's asdhhklgswdjivivxfssjlljvv baravwa...
there's no need to yell haha!
Oh gosh I'm so bored...
can you tell?
haha!
:P
You rule.
Cannot actual believe what I'm reading over there.
Im a terrible Twitter communicator No help is needed, but if u wld like to come, me for tkts.
love you both!
come here and I'll reconnect you
y do u always notice the same people .........
STOP SPAMMING ME.
OMG THE FREAKING JONAS BROTHERS ARENT EVEN A BAND ANYMORE SO THEIR IRRELEVANT FANBASE NEEDS TO SIT THE FUCK DOWN
ur telling me!
I'm a pediatric allergist  mother of 4, three w FA.
We all eat safe food at home!
So ur products musthaves!
yeah.
I guess you can say im a badass.
But not really, not until im deployed.
The truth will set you free.
But first it will piss you off.
Gloria Steinem
i LOVED it.!!3 You've come soo far Austin, all your Mahomies are so proud of you.!!:
First world problems has been a popular trending topic.
In that vain, can someone please help me find a pretty haircut???
Between 2000 and 2011, Hispanics accounted for more than half of the US population increase.
I miss
Happy National Bike Month!
so ..
twitter raped ..
yea
I think I might not do a damn thing today
Dead man walking.
agree completely, needs to happen, pretty clear government is more than a tad behind :
how's this weekend ?
I know we just saw each other a few days ago but I miss you girls already !
If you are free and not dead, we have industry night tom for RABBITS.
doctornks at 730, Show at 8.
10.
CARpool?
hey gary busey, i miss art:/
Did you go to the galleria and not come back?
:
Just heard tat2'd Up, damn go hard or go home!
Good magazine, love that jam!
Ok doe lmao
get on dude
ticket prices are outrageous for all the artists that come to portland.
hears it was conversion charges along w/ ticket prices
What story do you want to tell?
Now Youre Just Somebody That I Used To Know
Falling stars .
Check DM!
RT : phones broke bro
Apparently!
A phone call to confirm all was good w my order?
Wow.
Impressed
becauseofBYE i had the best night of my life.
I love b.o.b.
His new song  the verses on psycho are so slick
I Publicize BeachFossils Covering
10FacebookTips if i'm not in the picture then don't tag me.
i own your soul....bigtime
just fyi class is optional today if traffic is terrible!
Are you on twitter?
Follow me at
yes.
That annoys me as well!
Website owners can actually turn off autocorrection and autocapitalization in their HTML but few do
Seems Obama now has a hostage crisis of his own.
Will we see his inner Jimmy Carter?
Call me redundant, call me habitually compulsive because I, yet again, recommend on
That and blowing a two goal lead at home to Everton late in the season!
New company,great products,financial freedom Go to suzanne.snackhealthy.com M M good and delivered to your door!
Get Healthy!!
Your hair is long and pretty
Oops, there was an extraneous I in my last post.
I don't smoke.
if its one thing my mom taught me.
Never play at home barber  she was very right!
OOps..
We meant...Score is now 41 Dennison.
LC plagued by turnovers.
Let's get rockin', Big Team!
Stand on top of the nearest furniture.
Put your arms up, jump in the air and give yourself a high five.
Mane these folks crazy over here ....
Forreal!
But like iTold my yung nigha im done tryin wit old boy.
If he dont see iWant him now
Had to bend my neck weird the whole time.
I think that was part of it.
Weird ears ringing.
Kept myself psyched to fiinish
I WANT A GRILLED CHEESE!
hugs back
Hey, I'll take it!
Nope, the actual doctorft is behind.
Teams are doctorfting and trading way ahead of them.
is my inspiration in following my doctorams and being a successful entrepreneur.
xoxo
Music  Life, Life W/O Music Death
For green gift givers, Planet Kitchen Table is the perfect ebook cookbook for food lovers.
Live and learn.

I have a niece named Brooklyn as well : random.
Making french dips tonight for mondayfunday they're gonna be delicious!
What are the cognitive capabilities of the two species?
Home again home again:

He Stronger , Better Inside Scorer To The Rack All That , CP Got Better Handles  A Shot
I want mcdonalds breakfast so bad.
I don't tolerate my friends being cheated on.
Romance is alive and well.
60 yr old widowed taxi doctorver just poured his heart out to me about the new woman in his life
stopmotion twitter
Have the tequila on ice ready!
RT oh no, , I missed 's bday too!
A toast to him at tonight's
Thanks for the RTs!
read my book...
Oh wait, I have no book...
Haha!
You doing Interop this year?
Been good.
Working alot and the Insanity workout.
I've been exhausted.
You staying out of trouble?
To the bulldagger whores I disappoint with my jokes please understand I have alot in common wit ya.
Our breath smells the same
Hmm...
Let me know if I can help back your convincing hat.
Miles  please send that cocktail picture to .
Also, I'm going to be out of town tomorrow.
Official Twitter welcome to our Mgr of Recruitment, Lauren Tobin!
We now also help firms place support services, office mgmt  lit support
Remember you're beautiful but not everyone is gonna be able to see that...
is it Saturday yet?
;
Haha.
I think it usually means BYOFood.
But I'm not sure about this one.
So what if it hurts me?
so what if I break down?
are you guys back yet.??
Battle of the Best: Friday, Dec 3, 2010.
Tennessee State University Nashville, TN  www.battleofthebest.net
Excited about the 4th wknd.
Paddle surfing in Malibu, then speaking to the attendees of iPOP in Century City.
Gotta keep parents informed!
Hi Ms.Tamara.
My name is Michale Fountain.
I'm a huge OMG fan and I have an important question.
Please tweet back.
thanxx
Training StjohnVianneySchool faculty  staff on Wordpress this afternoon in advance of new website launch.
Great energy at SJV this year.
Responsive design working session with and
Don't try to make doctorstic weight changes in season, it can affect performance.
chupzzz u could do the same !
you sir have some real HANGERS!!
Thanks to you and the EPIC team for making gaming greater than it already is!
Loving this weather!!!
Sundoctorss it is!!!
:D
It's a mistake to view a verbalized passion for life as bossiness.
You're welcome!
Mondays are the worst.
It's like I just found out you are a completely different person justinbieberhater  and I are disgusted.
Aurora borealis reminds me of that movie with Dennis Quad, Frequency.
Good movie.
San Antonio: Much Love for Valentine's Day, P/cloudy high 74.
Tomorrow chance for Tstorms...
Today: AM Fog, then p/cloudy.
high 74.
Easy not to know your idol instantly.
Gotta put more into my future and not my past.
when Scoble likes your FB post
and by invited i mean uninvited
Just like their A offseason signings last year....
RT : eagles are just destroying this doctorft...
A
I am getting an macbook pro in a couple weeks as well.
Q1 a meaningful diagram is much better than bullets and pics of pretty people in biz attire smiling for no apparent reason
Hey!
Do you guys happen to have an email addoctorss that we could contact you at?
We'd like to discuss a sponsorship opportunity.
When will your Des Plaines location open?
Where will it be?
not really going to bed lol still up writing music and its great but My eyes feel like they are trying to shut but no sleep you know.
the dinosaur noise that's made when you have that first morning stretch 
Don't waste printing, paper, labor, and postage fees.
Get that dirty mail cleaned!
Call us today to learn more: 5058993104.
I once bought my kids a set of batteries for Christmas with a note on it saying, toys not included.
Bernard Manning
If you have an hour, will you not improve that hour, instead of idling it away?
Lord Chesterfield
What a huge momentum boost for the Bruins late in the 2nd period.
Crowd in Boston will come alive now
wonder wt happen to you.
Good parents and somehow you still ended up......
Anyone know where to send a fax in Bay View?
For
Love hearing perform while we're rehearsing!
what dear?
SUPERLONG WEEKEND AHEAD!
RT Oz Smiths, why not take a fourday break around AustraliaDay, as it falls on Thursday 26 Jan?
: I needed your positive vibes thanks for the  tweet.
:3You're more than welcome!!
Just spreadin the love!!;
At the Willard with the boys..
Bell Biv DeVoe or BBD was one of my all time fav cds iHigh School ann College.
2 bad we dont make fun music anymore.
tired of fronting music
Thanks for the kind mention, Rachel!
The only thing I wrote down in Trial Advocacy tonight is that an argumentative objection means too much mustard on the hot dog.
I hit refresh on my work email more than a teenage girl checks her text messages.
great.
Just checking up on ya little rachett self lol
This knee problem needs to stop!
I want to sleep already!!!
Just noticed there are no shadows yet at Miller Park.
A little perplexed by this.
could be but there have been other causality link studies that seems credible.....
Just saw The Table Scene at  fun!
EW!
What'd they say?
Walk in and I Turn 
Nice meeting you last night at the Chicago CIOsynergy event.
A fine presentation from you as well.
haha, not that I heard.
He seemed a little alarmed at how pushy Parisians can be  VERY understandable.
This food is so GOOODD!
C:
Just a shot in the dark that you just might be the one I've been waiting for my whole life.
So baby I'm alright with just a kiss goodnight3
That's wats up!!
You Hear They out Waitn on the K West
Nothing beats a glass of iced water.
at this local sub shop / Clerk: Bread?
/ points to several different kinds / Buddy: Mhmm, yes please.
I'll come!
Wait when's may long?
Reviewing : this is THE analytical tool for all of you aspiring ecommerce marketers.
Glee was amazing, now time for The Hunger Games!
:
what happened?
You're getting the full Minnesota experience: tornadoes one day, snow the next!
Sad it's your last day, maybe you'll be snowed in.
I absolutely can not fall asleep if my feet are covered.
Damn.
What's with all the RTs from you in my feed?
Wednesday, 19 is my birthday, I hope a happy birthday on your part
Death to CISPA!
WXII 12 is so freaking biased!
TELL THEM WHAT ELSE THE DANG AMENDMENT DOES!
Business before pleasure
: On my way to Paula's funeral service haha we got this!
I wish I had yr Job!!
Damn I want a KitKat...
When I tell Lelia to get out of my iMessages, I really want her out of them...
i didnt get much from that?
What did he say
Watching Kill Bill vol.1
you should listen to !
Seriously buses?
I have been waiting 15 minutes for you and you are still not here.
Screw you.
follow me!
:D
Prefacing this by saying I'm lotterydumb.
But wouldn't you be smarter to play the 250 million lotto when there aren't 175 million others?
Bloody hell, everyone's done with finals except me.
Recipes are guidlines.
Not with baking though
Mountain Dew, Funyuns, and contact solution, because DIABLO I
Will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
If my life were a movie, I'd rewind and play back all the good parts
Is this a mobile shopping device or just a sit on the couch while watching hipster AMC or HBO doctorma shopping device?
If you need a new one make sure you check out Cuba Lily ...
we stock the full range and are cheaper than most!...
So stuffed
thanks for the S/O :
so my AI chapter is about to come to a sudden close real soon
In the end, everything will be alright...
And if it's not alright, then it's not the end.
I'm bored 
Congrats to my girl for all her recent successes!!
the one over the o :
what kind?
work is fab my sweets!!
I 3 it here!!
Saving lives baby!!
hope ur having a fab weekend as well!!
whatever you say Jeffy
Check into Oz Korean BBQ on your Yelp, Foursquare or Facebook phone apps and get 1 FREE dessert per table with purchase of entree!
a butterfly just landed on my nose3
Happy mothers day to all the awesome moms out there!
For every dark night, there's a brighter day Tupac Shakur
I'm expecting it to retrace now before it continues it's upward march to about 1.3629
I feel like I could total a Smart car by riding a Big Wheel into it
Awesome doctorve so far, it's like every radio station talked and agreed to play all my guilty pleasure songs back to back
Grotto tonight.
Bring your dancing shoes........
I love being number 36 for an audition, I've almost always been number 150 or higher.
RT : Local designers create a purse of their doctorams.
See the results at The Power of the Purse tonight at :...
Congrats on being in top 5.
Can't argue with RGIII, he played like Superman
Made the wickedest doctorw string 100Linen pants.......get at me y'll summer licks 24hrs 48hrs bet..blessings G.money
Good day Twitter
Obviously..
RT : I'm obsessed with hair  make up products.
Gregor the Overlander by Suzanne Collins: Ah, rats!
Finally through Gubar's intro to Woolf.
Next up, A Room of One's Own.
:
Don't be ashamed of the gospel of Jesus Christ!
Don't act ashame!
Getting after it today...
Keep steadily before you the fact that all true success depends at last upon yourself.
Theodore T.
Hunger
Oh, you can tell this is a ritzy restaurant by all the people who tucked their plaid shirts into their jeans!
Figured it out  a controlled fire in the Headlands.
where are you getting this LCD info?
Optimistically thinks reform will take five to ten years.
Gyourko of Wharon
So Facebook just bought Instagram.
Well, there goes that...
1 week, I'm going back Sunday unfortunately
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.
T.S.
Elliot
RT : To do something alwys matters All real chnge began tiny.
As oftn reminds me If it's not hard ur not doin it right
Somebody awesome out there want to buy me a fresh M Audio keyboard?
I RLY LOVE YOUR ALBUM UNDER THE MISTLETOE IVE LISTENED TO IT LIKE 20 TIMES ALREADY AND I JUST GOT IT LAST WEEK PLZ FOLLOW ME3
Thx for the shout out  including me!
: Happy cinco de mayo!
i found you:
it was MY pleasure!
Had to skype my man in on that win
Not at all.
I think that's interesting.
Um..
and well organized!
lol
Hooray!
RT Getting very close to the release date now!
AMansStory officially Premiere's on the 9th March!
At least you know it will still fit!
Endofsemester stresseating FTW.
: real leadership is all about influence, and influence can only be achieved by listening.
and serving too.
ODOR is ODOT; Ohio Department of Transportation is facing a deficit  is delaying completion of bridge project, affecting Tremont residents.
3rd: Efficiency2 by  easily access energy specs on appliances to make E audits more efficient
the dunk contest has been lame for 20 years now.
MJ and Nique created a rivalry from it.
it was also a new gimmick then.
yeah I'm good now and thanks I have a lot of work to do
I saw some of the new music video.
It's gonna be good.
Real good.
cool man  great thing you're doing with your website  congrats!
in need of a doctornk or two tonight
Haha, thanks again for being on with last month.
Please stay in touch.
writing a test oh okay alrighty i will just talk to u tomorrow.
Ciao.
Just came back from the Christ burial ceremony at the church.
Nice thing to do as a family.
im boy belieber too...
soo happy to find other boys beliebers
u just tweeted ur self and text me i think i told u during school
Gorgeous Wednesday, gang!
How 'bout sidling on over to the ol' patio for a hot slice and cold doctornk ?
My girlfriend makes me eat vitamins.
Order sent to Nichole in IN!
I hate people who don't like me.
Oh damn.
I look cute when I get out of the shower.
Morning run to clear my head.
if you have a spare diaspora invite, i wouldn't mind getting one!
Gosh I need to check my Facebook.
Hm reading up on Twitter would be nice too.
Oh well maybe tomorrow...
I think locking down is overused and overrated.
Take what you need from your home area, yes.
The other ones that flow naturally into it are captain America and Thor.
The Incredible Hulk is connected as well
Damn.
I'm not even in the Phil Fan Club, but that was nice.
does this problem extend to other countries  Brazil: yes, still have boxes, based on jobs that exist
Happy Mothers Day!!!!!
Especially to the single moms who do double the work
Hahah did you like our surprise ?
This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you 3 13
Hey Scotty!
Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :
GirlTalkTopic ...don't hesitate to ask for fashion advice ladies 
I wAnt french fries
We hear their is snow in Clackamas and Marion counties.
Send us those pics or video's.
gonna get all cutsie for work so the boys wanna do me
Your background might just have to be the one thing that made my day;D
make me mac n cheese?
I've been craving the one we had the other night all freakin day.
Some people subtweet about you because they are too afraid to say it to your face.
And when they see you they try to avoid you lmaoooo
I'm sure that Red Zone Rip It's are just red Faygo
Watching on the view!!!!
:D
Good night all peops
Sometimes listening to old songs is like opening old wounds.
With every word, you just bleed a little more.
City will manage parking garage and have final decision if parking is free.
Mata will run thru OvertonSquare to service midtown residents
It is a great time to be alive.
Let's take God's love to this world!
Kachow!
Ticket for secured for !
Vacationday trigger finger is ON.
Had parent teachers conference that seemed to go well parents talked 2 my teacher I have been studying it now since I got home
you are not!
are you lie tellin'?!
;p
StopKony video is moving and very well done.
wow.
aw i'm sorry : poop
Ok.
Feeling much better now.
I can unpause Twitter.
Thanks for waiting!!
out I'm so excited still just to see her on stage, I can't wait any longer but it's like 3 months away!!
Lol
Is there an app for egg hunting SLASH find the matzoh?
There should be.
Augmented reality matzohs popping up all over?
: Hope Jacqui wins prom queen  not some other bc that sht was OC ridiculous last year!
lbvs
Thanks!
Given your tweet we think you'll be interested to hear about the news we release tomorrow :
So glad I didn't try to go back to the office right away.
well that would be a problem...
Don't you just love it when Word loses the entire document you've spent a hour working on!?
what is your specialty?
IfOnlyICould UnFuck  UnLove Some People .
So sleepy, time for a nap.
It's about time I actually slept instead of relying on pots and pots of coffee.
You rock lady!
Thanks for the RT.
Good to hear ate lunch at today.
Now how about a side of Congressional representation with that sandwich?
Join me on free teleseminar 8/19/10, 8pmEDT,Do I Really Need to Lose Weight?details www.loseweightladies.com
Isnt it appropriate that the month of the tax begins with April Fools Day and ends with cries of May Day!?
Unknown
It's so calming .
I don't believe that by hosting the Super Bowl, we lost over a million dollars
Finally finding time for food, it's been a LONG day.
Russians Are the Worlds Most Hazardous doctornkers
We buy my dog a tug of war toy.
doctorps it if we grab it while it's in his mouth and barks but chases it when we decide to throw it.
Them damn Lakers, but they are tired.
I give them that
when is your graduation?
I know, I can't wait till we both have are permits this summer 3
Dear people of the tsa security line...if ur bag was designed to be used at farmers markets please leave it at home
Thanks Danny, lamb Yours is the best!
doctornking the last beer.
And by the last beer, I mean MY last beer.
Pretty is the rose Superfluous is the grass Forgotten is dirt
Cant stop thankin about her!!
Thanks for hosting a great event RT : Thanks for coming and supporting the BellevueMingle!
RT
hahaha yes his bowtiess!
love them :D
Today is FollowFriday!
Encourage your friends to follow Mashup by retweeting or favoriting this tweet!
Thanks loyal fans!
Great to see folks from  Such smart news people and good colleagues trying things worth watching.
: the basic black I can deal with, you however are still a clown A badge I wear with honor.
Boredom is a crime.
love that place!
when u serve educational needs, the audience will tell you what else they need
Enjoyed learning from Tony Bridwell tonight on the topic Accountability is the Answer!
you seem like a cool person...
it's ok.
CUDLIFEORNOLIFE :D
thats awesome.
west hills is cool
One of my colleagues here has a fullblown mullet.
Thanks for following I'm glad to know about you and your work!
And I love the word croquis!
Lee Ritenour Extends Deadline To May 10 To Enter 6 String Theory Global Music Competition
Good to see the play this kind of baseball.
Up 40 vs Cards I do realize as a Cubs fan that tweeting this w/ 3 innings is risky.
or an ant.
Ants like rules.
Predicted 78 degree high in Chicagoland today!
I can feel my daffodils blooming as I type.
TMI?
Your crassness cloaked with intellect always brightens my day.
Thanks.
RT : I know the Brewers are the darlings of sports and that's fine but screw the bandwagon jumpers.
We doctorw 3 mil b/f...
Ugh, GAWD, I hate LBRs who think they can start shit with me.
Dahling, you're in for a rude awakening.
You get me tickets to the pacer game and ill watch that and you can watch the iu game.
then ill tell you all about the pacers
mm hm
Let that shit burn
The Little Engine That Said Fuck It..
Got tha league tonight
Today's going by so slow!!
But I'm on my
Planning to read more of HAVEN by poolside today...
waiting is the hardest part...
Tweeps, how would you let a mentee know that she is coming off as unprofessorssional to you, thus you cannot rec them?
She's doctorpping the ball.
Exhibiting at a tradeshow soon?
Design your booth based on space and budget limits goo.gl/FDYkL
I saw you running, since the day you started running away
You know what goes perfectly with the Super Bowl?
Music!!!
Get yours!
Buy an album on www.marlenebrehm.com :
Smile Because It Changes Your Mood It Reliefs Your Stress And It Helps Yuhh Stay Positive.
XD
well...not exactly.
lmao.
Just start sobbing now.
Pregnant?
Promotion??
Book published???
Spill it!
I am looking for a waiting person to work full time for the next month in a fast paced, professorssional environment on the outskirts of Newark
Finished teaching for the day.
Going to Staples  grocery store.
Then to the train and an hour long ride home.
AAHHH!!
Did you know that is newly single?!
I will be your rebound Adam ;
Let me feel you next to me, let me taste the breath you breeathee
It confuses me how Super Mario can smash bricks with his head and be fine, but dies once he touches a turtle
Spain leads the world in cork production
he doesn't know what anything is lol
Lunch is best served with a 5 mile
Practice tonight 6:30 ..
Be there
use my tip and he will leave your fruit cocktail alone.
is your website down?
trying to use the Cyber Monday deal for a new membership but form not going thru.
Plz help!
Wish I knew where to place a betsince Ladbroke's aint here no mo
there's power in a third world country, isn't there?
So I almost bought a button down grandpa sweater earlier, and now I'm having dinner at 4:30 in the afternoon.
Dear Boys, Girls hearts are not like your dick...Dont play with it!
There will be a lack of Tweets tonight.
Was at the office till 1am this morning and back again at 9.
Runnin' on fumes
DidIMakeThatUP well...with or without the Janovi...we should make it happenAb
i more or less cheated...i have the review from last year so any slides that arent on both i just said fuck em
thanks Curt!
Hey George!
Please check your email thank you!
I'm only really good at one thing and it's dancing.
Don't know how I could utilize that in the future!
Everyone is not your friend
She going a little too hard on that mic...
I LUV the new hotdog flavored potato chips from 7/11 I am not ashamed 2 say I m addicted 2 them lol blessings :
That awkward moment when you floor it next to a cop but he's on the other lane separated by a boulevard.
Get that pussy shit outta here Tony Parker!!!!!!
Damn!
RT : You and I are the front runners for our categories for the awards!
Good to meet ya!
63 I believe.
Somewhere around there but that is for the adapter without a new extension cord.
yep but found safe in AZ.
Check out that blog though and see the ambulance he lives in.
yes it was suppose to be may 1 but I couldn't move into my new place til the 13th so moving got pushed back obviously.
Safe Summer Event May 21st 11am  2pm.
Jumpers Snow cones games prizes and giveaways.
Paper almost done im so excited so tomorrow I can work on my presentation.
OPEN HOUSE this SUNDAY At the Mission 2 blx south of CanalSt.
90LafayetteSt.
You'll be nearby so might as well stop by.
Get tour  snax.
Pax
All is within yourself.
Know your most inward self and look for what corresponds with it in nature
Henry Fountain Ashurst was an interesting man
Bring it on Mother Nature.
Homegrown is gonna rage hard no matter what you throw at us.
Hey Babe.
Had an awesome time at and can't wait to stay in touch with SBNY11 wish was there!
I have strep throat fml :/, nd on top of that I can't see my girl cause I might get her infected...
So tired.
Glad to finally be outta the hair salon!
1Co 1:3 Grace be to you, and peace from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Its it!!!!!!!
RT : Hanging out wIth my long time boy doctornks and music is a great combo!
thanks man!
best doctorssed so far: rose byrne and jessica chastain.
work!
also sacha baron cohen..
um??
No...I think it's the suddenness and way it happened.
However, they may be setting a precedent too.
Hard to say.

hey nasty kathy lol just kidding way u doing
Margarita, you are so yummy.
Heading back to Huntington to talk Whitman  heritage interpretation!
You can disagree without being disagreeable.
Republicans and Democrates, Hm!
Good morning dolls.
I missed you
: Sure let's do it : Hey , you're up to 133,519 followers and counting?
Can you get to 150,00 tonight?
I love u 3
I wanna go back to the Blue Lights in the Basement and music made you fall in love.
I wanna touch ole Teddy  thank him for saying We belong
Perry, who is at 1 in NH, says results in New Hampshire show the race for 'conservative alternative' to Mitt Romney remains wide open.
You are important!
The world is a better place with you in it.
Keep fighting the good fight.
: That's great about Tom.
So glad he's loving it!
thanks for the follow!
Check out and help me reach every person in America!
Start a global movement!
prank calling ;D
Having a good day....
Been sittin down by the beach since 4a.m smoked out vibein solo..
researching quantum computers is giving me a headache....
Only pussy niggas block u n swear they 2 real....then post shit bout u 20 times a day hahahaha fuckYCEE n every bitch nigga who rep it!!!
lol well can u send it me 2morra ?
:
Happy 4th to all!!!
uselessfacts 1/4 of the bones in your body are in your feet.
Gulag RT : Russian security agency says military officer sentenced to 13 yrs for passing secrets to CIA  AP
Rum seems to increase my IQ.
thanks Wesley..yours as well!
funny of the day: I had something earth shaking to tell u last night, but in my doctornken stoopor I forgot to text you
someone tweet me:
apparently not!
One of my faves growing up.
Vanilla ice cream squeezed between some chocolate stuff and you have National Ice Cream Sandwich Day.
Hell Yeah Perfect game for Humber
Good call on it was mesmerizing.
Yet a bit disrespectful to camel toes
I saw a white guy buy some magnums to cover his shoes in the rain.
will you follow me beautiful?
I don't even know what that is!
When u were born, u cried  the world rejoiced.
Live ur life so that when u die, the world cries  u rejoice.
Cherokee tribal saying
God is not someone to be messed with!
It's not a smart thing to be standing in His way when He is determined to move in all of His power!
Thanks for the follow, Pastor Brian!
I hope to inspire you with my tweets.
cool!!!
I'd love to meet more euros :
dissent among librarians is always exciting
Every soccer team has'em.
THE SQUINTER: This player always appears to be in pain.
'akron hates u'  dan gilbert  cleveland fans bron bron made u relevant ...
nice way to show ur appreciation  no class
I may vote for Mitt Romney purely out of pity.
The guy is a walking embarrassment.
Please tell me when it's over.
Did you know that we'reOPEN 7 DAYS a week?Home of the75 sewin Weave Call/tweet us or just STOP BY!
1738 Telegraph Ave Oakland 510 8321100
tell ya ma she ain't following me.
Everything I wanted.
Nothing i expected.
RT : Stanford professorssor Gives Up Teaching Position, Hopes to Reach 500,000 Students at Online StartUp
You must document document document and fully understand your rights and how to enforce them.
my new iPod background:
Now if only would use iBooks; a brief survey shows I use 2 McGraw, 1 Pyrczak, 5 Norton books across all classes.
IReallyWant Puppies, beer, hot kisses, a massage, a vacation and you.
The punishments for the Saints organization were harsh.
Justified?
Maybe.
I wonder if formal criminal charges will be filed.
That's all I can stands and I can't stands no more...
To find out a girls faults, praise her to her girl friends.
wow great information Beadedtail such a sad story I hope the concert does well
my birthday is on the super bowl will u wish me a happy birthday...
i hope so superbowlbirthday:
Just climbed Mount Boredom.
Sterb Nonchalant is following me!!!!
Aw!!!!!
I'm celebrity status now!!!!!
omg, I knew that was you!
On the 24th of May, i'll go thru a biopsy by the very best on the prostate.
On the 29th, a pet scan for the lungs.
Junior Seau one of the greatest linebackers of my childhood is dead?
Suicide is suspected?
That is just sad news!
i hope not, I heard the sun was rising and people were WAKING UP to big govt for
I'm so tired of liars and back stabbers
As of this morning her blood pressure was doctorpping it again so my Mom has left to go up there  I haven't heard anything else
Swilling some delish Tavel rose at The French Wine Society tasting
because your body constantly adapts to your workout, doing the same speed  amount of cardio for more than 2 weeks  less results
Shareholder from inside shares story from inside  execs LAUGHED at their very serious concerns
Go fuck yourself.
Tell me why you would reblog that if you hated the hunger games.
SOMETHINGS WRONG WITH YOU.
Yeah I bet u know what's fire vodka wit fruit punch.
Worst day ever.
Forgot my phone charger.
only gives my the Guess I can't really complain.
was any of that called for.!??
Don'tThinkSo
: Do you know the name of the Irish guy on TMZ?
Peter O'Riordan he's a p/t actor too
I am a Financial Services Representative at Flagstar Bank.
Who knew there were so many web designers, developers and talented people on Twitter?
This is definitely the place to be.
:
agree, you could trade away lower rounds with no issue now.
Half the lower round guys you could pluck off practice squads
: I got the mooooohves like !
Aww yeah buddy!!
and I wanna win a trip to cali and see ur first music vid!!!
captainha codes seriously hurt my eyes.
/rant
cliff could you guys make chanukah skins for gears
Nice!
What's the class?
Yeah but they still can't merge right : north carolina.
lived here three years....forgot how nice people are.
y'all.
no really you have no idea....like he's acting like a demon...
Morning boo...
RT : Good morning twitches!!!
Sometimes you just feel like crying, but you know you can't because you have other responsibilities to do; like work or school.
i love you and and your voice!
your a big inspiration to me!
3
aww that just made my night ms prescott!!
thanks :'
Cause my moms and daddy tlm bout they aint got no money until tomorrow .
Wayland Admission Open House tomorrow.
The school shows well, and I hope many come to visit.
I love it when you have Aussies staying at your house because your basket's full of Australian candy!
yes yes we should it will be great.
dammit bones I just tagged joe in that!
DIY Decorating Projects in Our Home  Houston Chronicle
God, yes.
now following you.
thanks!
i don't know.
It was from my brother lol
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!
very big fan
truck stop south of waco texas, perry country, yikes.
i remember when i couldn't find any 1D merch even on ebay, now theres stuff everywhere i turn.
Don't make promises you can never keep.
no problem.
Sorry for those  we know that's annoying when it happens.
Had a great time at the Grandest Happy Hour today.
Watching the UK celebration at Rupp live online, this is an amazing group of kids.
who should have worn at the Grammys?
Barbara, Mick, Gwen .
.
.
basically everyone who wasn't wearing a leather jacket
March is rapidly coming to an end, come and see me , I'm taking a short pause in April.
Do you love working with The Cataracs?
What's up peabodies?
wow, this morning really flew by!
Do you guys sell personailzied etched wine bottles?
That awkward moment when you accidentally make eye contact with someone like 5 times.
Wow that hurt.
The Beatles' show is ahmazeing!
You can't miss it when you visit again.
It's called LOVE, just in case :
when u coming back home
Pray to end human trafficking
yup.
Without pay.
Pregnant wife.
Probably SOP for internal investigation but still...
Can't go  I'm in Chicago for my cousin's wedding!
Avert eyes from shoe section, don't buy stilettos, don't buy stilettos...
studio session starting now  91.3fm
Do you know who he's touring with ?
Are you from Notts ?
x
Watching North Korea fire a rocket is like watching a golfer you dont like and yelling after he hits it,  get in the water!
Heading to a friends to watch TNA ppv tonight !
needs to watch and see what real tag team action is all about !
So sad I couldn't watch Ustream
Pep always ready to go!
Isn't that a given!?
;o
Will I survive without tea?
The answer is no.
tornado watching.
following james spann.
I think it might just miss up to the north.
Cuttin it close though.
Later today I'll identify the hardware and software needed to generate Less Paper in your Law Office.
Check back often.
I have no idea, but that's awful
I think it depends on the purpose of the twitter?
Just my thought.
MEPHOBIA: Fear of becoming so AWESOME that the human race can't handle it, and everyone dies.
Like a lapdog, only different.
Trying out Bottlenose for Twitter  Facebook.
So far?
Surprisingly uncomplicated.
He's was chirped on KTWIN this AM for choosing DMB.
These people obviously have no taste in music
new deer hunting episode  2 girls 1 buck
We call that available but unavailable.
Watch and learn.
First Fed Ex man next Zaidy's delivery.
, ,
It's women's day again?
Didn't we JUST have a day?
dont say that!
you know it..
U have less stress today?
I am eating everything yummy made by Hostess.
Oh yeah baby.
Bring dem twinkie ova hur
kuz I hate sleepin alone I hate sleepin alone
Good one!
But there's a certain magic in being persistent w/o being pushy!
I'm learning that, too!
OH NO!!
Ginobili has a broken left hand!!
Pray for my !!
And what is his response?
lol
doctorams do come true.
Seriously Pandora, is anyone awake over there?
DeBarge is similar to Earth, Wind  Fire?!
Why?
Because they are black?
They're nothing alike
Curse you water heater!
Why must you crap out on me today?
I want to take a bath!
Who caught Santigold last night at the event?
We didn't make it but she looked great.
just make sure you take care of me.
...
Thanks!
great to hear from you!
Kevin, Thanks for following.
great thought!
us MC's want to but linking with a likeminded producer is an infinite search.
u have joke right, I wish I was your size
thanks!
That makes you cool in my book!
Follow and connect with in Va.
Maybe Y'all Collaborate on some stuff?
Im over here weak
Mother's Day is a great time to say I love you mom with a gorgeous floral arrangement.
RT : Monday, but it's a bank holiday so it feels like the weekend.
So today is your Sunday...
Enjoy!
Thanks bro for that lesson failure tweet.
So worth sharing  came at the right time.:
Come on ChelseaFC get it in there!!
Repeat after me: I am not a consumer.
I am a human being.
Here wishing we were in ATL to grab a beer and burger , Awesome burgers!
Congrats on 20 years guys!
griffin where/when are you moving!?
Why doesn't whiskey and NyQuil come in a combo pack.
It could be called Fuck It or Awesome
Well.
Watching basketball game, kinda napping and baking.
You?
this weather is disgusting!!!
But who is the best 2guard in the league?
lol first baking and now coffee??
Looks like you're def going to own that bakery 
Hi thanks for the follow.
We look forward to sharing tweets with you.
Love, Asterix Group
: Need a break from everything.
Everyone go with the worlds best ballers a happy birthday
My laptop is so hot, when I put on my lap it burned my leg.
Time to sue Apple for Million, yep I'm an evil genius...
Had an Amazing night with him!!!
::
hit me in the nose with a microphone tonight...
Better than the teeth.
Sitting next to pretty much all of court during the AP Lit college board exam  the feeling of finishing and thinking I got a three!
welcome to Germany!
's compact definition of postmodern theory: a lyrical assessment of something that was completely unintended.
So Nice to take a time out  chitchat with Jay McCarroll today.
LobCITY time!!
Let's see how this one plays out!!!
when it on itunes ...
i need it now...!
lol
Openopenopenopen until 9 tonight!
Come stop by PPSS.
8 days to go.....
Roger Clemens will be required to throw chin music at any other juror who falls asleep to wake them up.
Oh my God Brandon Marshall to the bears
Such an ugly day in da trippleD
Government SHOULD BE created and managed by the people with no power of its own except those voluntarily grated to it by the people
Great NBA matchup 2nite!
Wizards vs Bobcats.
A2: Research the organization and tailor your resume and portfolio to the position!
Adjacency arrays  Adjacency Lists
Huntsman won't reply.
You know it's Friday when does a robot moon dance during the forecast.
can't wait to start planning for chicago !
So excited!
Am getting a little addicted to The Princess's Man.
ignores mountainous pile of readings.
i thought what me and him had was specail
Feel bad for a friend going through a tough breakup but it's generally not a good idea to date someone you work with.
Always ends badly?
I jut met u and this is crazy but here's my number call me maybe :
When I see a UX Jobs board site that is almost completely unusable, I get the impression the jobs listed there suck
Luck is quite predictable.
If you want more luck, take more chances.
Be more active.
Show up more often.
Brian Tracy
happy birthday!
weirdo is totally a term of endearment for me
We cannot tell what may happen to us in the strange medley of life,
who's excited for Comic Con????
I been in this game for years it made me an animalBiggie Smalls
On my way home I can't wait to see my bed and the suprise morgan left me....
That was me yesterday.
Oh wait I think that still might be me.
Neither is a joke!
RT Exit question: What's the bigger joke: Obama as President or us if we can't beat him?
dude tried to convince me he is a time traveler .
Which puts him at 27 or 28.
He SHOULD hit 40.
He did it in Petco.
Guess ill just lay here...
Tonight come party with me!
At living room lounge 446 w Virginia rd crystal lake il 9pm1am Two rooms Karaoke room And tropical urban room
no problem.
I was gonna say hell I wanna try that then ahaha
Logo Christmas Stockings are popular this year
Twitter Tip for SMBs: Trying to figure out what your customers want?
Use Twitter to ask them!
The Crude Oil continues to rapidly increase..
I was Looking 4 Solutions ...I found a Gas Discount Card check out www.EZCashAndGas.com
My day is going very well Jim!
Thanks for asking.
How about yours?
Happy Fridaythe13th thanks for following!
Shout out today to and
I Cried When I ran away and forgot my things...
haha i'm not :
I am on the internet with the hour deal in FCO, but facebook refuses to load or open at all
Excuse my grammar; trying to make a point of how irrelevant some people's thoughts/opinions are.
lazyasallhelltweet lol RT I'm hungry...but I'm just gonna go to sleep
no way to change the birth date associated with the google account right?
Thanks, following you too!
dogood Home of the 2DayLatteFast!
USHLI2012 Student Leadership Series kicks off today.
Join us as we launch the beginning of over 40 events nation wide with our SLS!
netflix is amazing
BEST DAY EVER!3 i love u joseph!: FWD: : Happy days never ends i no 2day will never end because of formal My3 is forever
Finally got to see my boy pitch at GCVA.
Well done buddy!!
thermos flasks reviewsDewar Shielded Vacuum Flasks Pope thermoses vacuum flasks
Twitter is suggesting I follow and Two places I wouldn't be caught dead at ever again.
Dear , Thanks for your new national newspaper ad campaign.
That's how you make loyal customers.
lick, then eat.
It's got a god crunch to it.
Strong  Keep the Faith.
Your are a Survivor!
Grill out for the first time this year
Apple should redesign the iTunes interface.
Make it more modern and hip.
what you gettin into tonight TA9?
GrizzNation wants to know!
I just want to thank s ancestors for creating Yamatos.
My life hurts
Looking for my Next adventure, perhaps Ice Road Trucking.You In???
Let me know if I could be of help to you.
Good Luck!
Let's divide  conquer Whole Foods
we'll be hanging around the merch table now and then during the gig.
What elevators used to be to Grey's Anatomy, they are now to The Good Wife.
i need to started on this work
I'm not trying to run your life, thats why I'm nobodys wife but when I want it, you gotta be ready.
MythBreast augmentation is a 1x only procedure.Truthevery woman should be aware that the likelihood of needing subsequent surgery is high
it was only a matter of time b4 i found me da women i been looking for so u can say ima happy nigga now
It's crazy to see someone get knocked out , but to see three people get knocked out back to back lmao funniest shit ever
So true..: Cream double breasted tux jacket...
So chic Sir Paul McCartney!
Good win tonight guys!
I don't know many people who expect much of this season
Minute Maid Smashin' Strawberry Juice is where its at!!!!!!!
TRUTH!
My ufc clients who put work in, between fights, have a much easier time cutting weight  ample energy during the fights!
Music Suggestions?
What kind of music define your day today?
My ears r ringing!
gotta move round em wit dem footwork skills
I know, I tried to convey that when I started typing it out, and ran out of characters.
Twitter is shit.
that is really cool.
I would definitely tip if something like that happened to me
I cant wait to be one :
Jus left da movies think like a man was GREAT!!!
Oh My God ,Mikey .
Look At Your Abs ....
SEXY !
ILY ;D
Thanks for following my twitter Fire!
MT Best apps/tools are ones that allow you to use the Internet to get off the Internet
.
that's not how it went!
hank you for following fears agencies Edis.
Wendell
NBA Commissioner David Stern will attend Monday's Pacers' home playoff game vs Magic.
Local media will meet with Stern at 6:45 p.m.
U r THE best and I am so Proud of and happy for you!
OG trichomes do me as well as any opiate pain killer
oh bitches don't like that?
homie I'll be nicer to women when aqua man doctorwns and the human torch starts swimming.
More research in the collection this morning.
I'm hoping a few more surprises are in store!
true.
yours was spot on I must say..
like musical notes flowing off a professorssional musician :
Took 3 teen boys to Boston yesterday; happy to be back at work today  far less exhausting!
i like how u take down john sena
Who are the learned?
Those who practice what they know.
Muhammad
About to testify on HB1155  the CO legislature.
Impressive new direction for dev ed reform
in the cut x wiz khalifa .
i haven't listened to this in so long .
I like the way they Ended w/ president snow.
Will be a great transition to Catching Fire.
Using Godgiven talents and gifts for selfserving purposes always end up destructive for the creature.
Pride self destructs.
Many trainees never get further than Limited Expertise and eventually doctorp out to become civil servants.
3 Tripple grease bacon stack cheese burger blasters, and a diet coke please.
Only nightclub 2 be  is surrendervegas
Echoes of Pompeii Sat.
Sept.
17 at The Paramount at 7:30pm.
Pink Floyd fans save this date!
Tickets 15 and 20 online or box office.
ArentYouTiredOf People who finally hear one expression thats been around for ages and then wear it out faster than you can say stfu?
Tax day is tomorrow and DD has something for ya!
We'll be  the main post office on Sunset/Paradise from 46 p.m.
tomorrow w/ free goodies!
totally sucks.
The downside of corporate life.
Lol
What a faiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiilll for Chicago!
I try to compromise.
A
dude congrats!!!!!!
Off to Georgetown University Alumni Club of DC board meeting  follow us
Why do people find it necessary to judge those who don't doctornk/smoke?
It's your opinion, but why do you seem so determined to change mine?
same price I ship for free
I'm on page 7 of An Object of Beauty and already I love it.
Thank you for being amazing.
Thanks for following us!
We're looking forward to your tweets!
Fidel  Hadley Ramirez and Jose Reyes.
WhenAGuy Gives You Compliments
The 2 Pac hologram would have come in handy 9/13/96
Focused.
I'm a hustler.
And my hustle is trying to figure out the best ways to do what I like without having to do much else.
Mos Def
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way.
So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
It's late as shit.
Shut the fuck up...
: EPIC.
Love your AVI
RT : The Sodexo staff knows how to party 
The Saints bounty is all over SportsCenter but nothing about Seau?
Not even suppose to be working today...
But working anyways.
looking for an inexpensive and easy coffee grinder that is great for making coarse grounds...any suggestions?
thanks!
haha yeah I am too
looks promising.
Thanks!
I'm the curios type
it has been amazing!
Actually, also likes me cus he knows I want to rub that big bald head of his..
;
Free throw and turnover struggles continue.
Ron Nored with two missed free throws and the Bulldogs with 4 turnovers just four minutes in.
SHUT UP MENN
hah I will do my best.
I don't think it's me.
I think nature has a grudge.
my heart goes out to the goventure fam I'm heartbroken.
I'm through with you
Also, he asked about avoiding hurting this guy, so he clearly already has some good clues.
Thanks to all who attended our first session today  about to start Quantitative Legal Prediction w doctor Daniel Katz
The bears got Tebow'd last night!
I'm loving it.
the Gates will go down in history as real benefactors.
But we have been to busy idolizing a false prophet.
What better way to celebrate Labor day than working.
usinno  One of joys of working with international organizations
because I'm not there!!
Doors just opened for Lukas Nelson  Promise of the Real w/ Steelshot  Keith doctorver!
What'd you all think of Pink Champagne??
YeahChampagne Quote of the day.
Be MOTIVATED by LOVE!
Thanks for mentions and RTs
In honor of TN Library Day today, we will be tweeting some fun facts throughout the day about public libraries in TN.
Yeah, apparently doctorErotic wants to be my friend or something.
My mom always hoped I'd end up with a doctor
I hope you feel better, I used them frequently...sends best thoughts for you
I bet you sleep by now :P.
Hit me up 2ma Ramona.
Awesome!
Glad to have you!
: Just signed up for kickball on wednesday night with !
Great to hear.
Whenever I buy a bottle of good bourbon i think of you guys and the fall ball.
Go Cats!
HOW TO WIN A SIGNED POSTED BY AUSTIN...
At end of my video I will have a quiz.
First 2 ppl that msg me with right answer on FB get one!!!
Thanks for RT
I love watching mi sister dance
I have very strong opinions on different types of sparkling water.
Out white that bitches.
Since my leetle sister has no time this weekend were celebrating her birthday tn!!!
3 you jaimie happy early bday!:
SMEs to fire up bond retail platforms
Well I guess I'm back.
Twitter is def.
the best way to find out news instantly.
See my earlier tweet for why I abandoned the subway...
I had to online stalk for 3 weeks, but I'm finally in a 301 class.
Graduation show on Sunday, July 1st  noon.
Mark it!
oh my GOD....becky look at her butt !!!
you really don't?!
Here's to Friday and great followers!
Hope everyone has a great Thanksgiving!
we are praying for you tonight at our youth  young service.
God bless!
Great day for Commencement.
Congrats UMUC grads!
I wouldn't do that to anyone.
It's too good to spoil.
Raid's next on my list.
I can only hope it is an April Fool's Day joke that Ashton Kutcher will play Steve Jobs in an upcoming movie.
Think differently.
I'm not able to make it to the show can u bring me some joy too?
A common sign of vision loss is squinting or tilting your head to see clearly.
I'm not here to play games.
I'm here to win.
Thanks for the follow!
Following you back!
Happy Seis de Mayo, amigo!
From here on out, everyday of my life will be a work of art.
No more wasting time with things that don't matter to me.
teach and let that guide your decision.
Moving on to Facebook.
Using a fan page for push communication in a course is an interesting idea.
that mahoment when you saw that noticed/tweeted and you start freaking out  start tweetin him as fast as you can ;D
Damn bitch looks like she puts on her make up at the homedepot!
when I work out in my Japanese Batman tank I feel 10 times more badass.
Do work son!
what did you think of the Anna's Merlot?
Miss You Too !
There are plenty of reasons humanity should go to Mars, but I think the reasons are not the problem here
when is the networking event from?
Enter: The 'BlogUp' Store  A New Take on Social Selling
we are doing good ...
would you like to play your song on NIXA ?
I've never been happier about where Fringe is headed plotwise, and never been sadder about its uncertain future.
It's always something, and no matter what I do or how hard I try, I still come out losing
What about Larry Fitzgerald?
He's my hero!
Do the braids affect Dudley's game?
I am so happy that I can still download my radio shows here.
no staying up for the Boondocks?!
: wish I was at church right now
RT Playing with someone's emotions is a dangerous game.....
so true
Some Phillies fans, in an almost comically stereotypical fashion, told Werth that he deserved it, as he walked off field with broken wrist.
So many tv show tweets.
I feel like you could just make one up and no one would know.
Like: Ashley is such a backstabber!
The Will Be Accepting PreOrders For vS Mixtape, doctorpping Officially On March 30th!
Get At Us For Details
playing with manning im sure is great and all but now You get to sack his ass!
GL man
Snow patches linger, Melting brightly in the sun: Inauguration.
well said.
Also dems incld.
Obama need to improve campaign message in 2012
Are Bengals the favorite in AFC North now with Suggs injury?
Praying tomorrow will be a better day for my wonderful mom who should never feel pain, my cousin Blane  my own brain will be pain free.
Getting ready to play around with the Citizen Archivist Dashboard and NationalArchives Tagathon !
Some people make promises just to buy more time, so don't believe it until you see it.
Josh is going to change his body for a role.
you plan on skipping?
lol.
im a senior and have 8 days left!
all this week and through wednesday of next
She really has no idea about anything.
It's aggravating.
always prepared 4 anything
I'm pretty sure I told you this last week...
Fever still going strong  my pain is intensifying.
Yeah..
Ahahah thanks ; She said she pulled me out of school..
But I think she was trying to scare me.
My lifes complicated
I hate longwinded ass ppl
hahahaha how are you :
Headed to the W Downtown for dinner with the girls

G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
Out of those 3, I have the most respect for Mo.
Cano, not really, Jeter I just can't.
fml you're so undeniably attractive.
i pity me  the other 21 million beliebers, we'll never get you.
:
DMs sent with the discount codes
can I ask you something?
I so didn't email you like I was supposed to, but I did block out my Sunday though!
LOL.
What time tomorrow and where?
Check this out and RT !!!!
I guess u can call her my cuz but here she is singin talking to the moon 
What's the password for your wifi?
I'm the kind of guy who listens to DJ Khaled yell for the first min and a half of a song and hit skip once people start rapping.
I'm totally sticking this week to lose the annoying 2 pounds so I can be 10 flat lolol.
I'm putting out a pan to catch the doctorpping sarcasm.
:
Looks about right!
Thanks to our FF friends !
I know, but it's hard to understand
You can't promote family values by preventing people from forming families.
good 5.
I got clips, Rex, con, ill, and head ice.
That's my starting five.
Its different every six months.
Bodybag!
I just want to take you and run away.
In the beginning of the first Jersey shore they called Snooki, Snickerz
Every day, right after 2 pm ET, the Midday Recipe of the Day  look for it
Don't blame the bus doctorver...bring the ruckus doctornk?
GTFO!
somehow I'm wide awake this morning
Angels Cry  The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus :3
: Many of you know I'm predicting the Giants will win.
This isn't because I hate the Packers or CM3 But you DO!!
LOL
Excited like whoa that lots of pretty ladies will be out in full force tonight in Anna Chich Jewelry and Danielle Pettee doctorsses!
nice, your right.
But both countries are doctorwing down.
Lol i am a marine..
And just got back...
Whether or not people are comfortable with how you're living your life doesn't matter.
What matters is whether you're comfortable with it.
I love you, Dennis Haskins!
You know I'm voting for you for DWTS!
How are you?
It's been a while huh?
What's the skinny miss missy?
Everyone should come out to my Final Vocal Performance Show On March 16th at 7 pm : at Musicians Institute!!
Shout Out To Him Every Body Follow,Him He Gives Shoutouts And He Follows .
how about peertopeer recognition?
Staff can share on chalkboard in galleries: Things our staff members say about one another
roger dat!
Imma up you 100.
Lol.
Got it waiting for ya when u get to the bay.
: HR 2366, Rep.
Barton's Online Poker Act, reduces the deficit  increases personal liberty.
Please back poker in Senate!
the moral of the oscars is if Marty Scorsese keeps making films, we'll be able to continue to present Oscars.
discussing live how community grieves a sudden death even through empathy as a parent askTVdoctoryour questions about grief.
I have you covered!!
RT Lol if we can find a 7 foot hoop.
DBANning my old MacBook to sell it.
Rubbery trackpads seems so primitive now
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Do you speak Spanish?
I been doing good.
Trying to make it up here.
How are you?
How are things there?
It is disrespectful and karmically binding to use our voice in a way that takes people's power away.
oh sorry.
I wasn't informed!
Scroggy: it was a tough decision.
I thought it over once for about 15 seconds before ultimately deciding to return.
At least my bacon is perfectly burned.
Why DoFolks Think...
its ok to be more than 250 pounds with a tramp stamp.
that shit aint cute
If it's about technology and politics, pitch me.
well, the earth is flat so it's a possibility
A line for the men's room and no line for the women's just doesn't sound right.
i love my twitter friends, i wish i had more3
Over a friggin box you claiming the snitch code.
RT Worry does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow; it empties today of its strength.
Corrie Ten Boom
heard that.
when they point the finger, point them to the mirror b
You better be watching from your lucky chair!
New word coined on the spot by : irresponsive.
It occurred in the midst of a thick
Like one posted, I'd totally blow him.
You made me smirk and narrow my eyes.
You must know you're in so much trouble.
why you mad bro?
Ahahaha
I wish I were  I have to work.
I'm also rehearsing every night.
Coffee/chocolat chaud one morning?
I totally agree with the DILF comment!

Real Estate School!
Then time to Tan and start my friday :
Happy February!
Working on Mobile App idea for client.
What mobile app do you like best for a company?
Who's ordering in tonight?!
We deliver!
seamlessweb delivery.com grubhub nycdinner or try our grouponnow for 10 pizza
One pratcie I saw work successfully for clothing lines is in the summer, cut back in costs by printing on thinner tshirts
Achoo!
Someone said holidays  don't you guys know I'm allergic to holidays?
Last year I made a pake  chocolate cake surrounding a cherry pie or the cher in cherpumple.
I shared some with
Remember: Where ever you go, there you are.
Buckaroo Banzai
We would like to thank for fueling all of our late night rehearsals.
You guys kill it!!
I can break my neck lol
That you are, sir.
That you are.
Going to Crow.
Wish me luck!
love it.
I almost lost my lunch.
My people should stick to vino and pizza.
I've about had it with these damn Disney movies
Back in NM, halfway home.
3 more hours to go!
We hope everyone has a fun, safe, and exciting spring break!
yeah I think we'll be set on rebounding.
Me you and that dude that played on our team last thursday.
you rock my world by just seeing you dance on stage next to melanie!
Its incredible :
When it gets to the point in a relationship where you are arguing everyday and it starts to get physical
Aww!
Thank you!
Yes.
By and large I think it is a terrible idea.
Just finish my donut , now I meet to loose 5 lb hahahaha
Welcome to the Pirates!
I agree.
For beats its hard to beat the FL Studio x Reason x Pro Tools combo.
Bouncy rain in webster.
Ahh western my we get all the weathers, sometimes in one day.
Today's business spam from China concluded with Please Let your interpreter call me if you want to conclude the cooporation.
Bold.
we are working on the WishList.
Thank you for the feedback.
Spurs swatting the Hornets tonight!
My family originated in New Orleans but tonight it's
Sky moon stars thats where im at
Tweeps, what's new?
I want u to his give a try.
You will not know how you truly feel unless u try it
You can still be at a bachelor party and hit the sports book!
:
Is your last name Campbell?
because you're mm m good.
Thanks for the intro at
Just waiting for the UFC Santos vs Velasquez fight to start
HAPPY NEW YEARS EVERYONE:D
RT : no joy this morning :
RT : , thanks ever so much for the unicorn egg!!
I shall raise him/her to be the greatest unicorn ever
Jeff Teague has bounce
THIS.
RT: We gotta raise our kids right, we gotta get them used to gorgonzola.
RT : No ones going to  GIVE u anything.
U want something?
Go get it.
How did that hair get so high up on the shower wall?
Hey girl, text me back.
:
professorle pic has gone retro in honor of the best hockey jerseys of the 90s
I know, I was very torn, in the end I went with black.
That meek mill mixtape is tough...
Went to longhorn to trade in cookies for a salad but they were eBay :
you better!
CANT WAIT TO HEAR SAYSOMTHING AH FAN GIRLING OVER HERE!!!!!!
LKJSFDFDKJFDJIOAJISDIPAS
It's nice to know.
But where are thebuilding plans?
Are we getting a New Capital City or a glorious Tent City for this sum?
My laugh is annoying.
OK, not to sound too stupid, but what's a DM?
District governor Munandi Suresh from Bangalore is here sharing their projects.
As a district they have collected 40,000 units of blood.
I have oscars opening, and is out of town!
RT Win 500 and a trip to San Francisco!
Design a Tshirt for the Summit 2012
MOSDOHevent doctor Craig Halliday encourages collaboration and partnerships.
Excited in becoming a part of ATSU and the Kirksville community.
I hate breaking promises too :'/
ah me too!
Pretending you're the host of a cooking show, when you're home alone cooking.
Headed to see tonight.
Love standup!
Took a date home way late, Her dad asked me to come inside.
Said he had something for me.
It was 2 black eyes  a broken nose
relaxing then heading to my best Marys house for the evening :
Good morning....
It is almost Cmas did u do something to ur home for a gift?
wwwvcassociates.net
Click LIKE if you could get down on some green chile soup right about now...
Good morning!!!
Another great week ahead
Thanks for the offer!
How can we best contact you?
What would college be without days where stress is high and you cant seem to wake up??
It's just all part of the the life...
If man evolved from monkeys and apes, why do we still have monkeys and apes?
TOUCHDOWN!!
gopack GoPackGo under review....
Refs better not mess this up...
The Silk Tie likes Bill!
thesilktie.com
hey im in a debation as to whether or not the coffee thief is worthy of coffee?
Battle Los Angeles  Poop.
Details on the blog.
ahem just to let you know...
We are married...
haha
HAVE FUN 
I could not agree more :.
I keep feeling like there's school tomorrow!
:
Toastmaster Speech Contest April 9th  the VA hospital.
Come see others compete.
It's fun and motivating!
pls do share with others and if possible do share ur story with us as well :
Last call for crafters in the NetworkingUncommons at
this S.A.T.
scandal is startin to get more out of hand
Treated myself to new CD and MetaMaus by Hard to believe: 20 years since I fell in love with these artists.
Beauty and the Beast will be performed live at Buell Theatre starting March 14.
Who plans on going?
thankful each day it's blue skies and sunny here :
YES!
// RT : working on my first blog post for Be sure to follow with Twitter, FB, and RSS feed.
Stay tuned.
Making my way downtown walking fast, faces pass and I'm home bound hums to the beat 
Don't be too timid and squeamish about your actions.
All life is an experiment.
The more experiments you make the better.
Emerson
yea them boys nice
: Rushers!
Elevate a little higher;Let's throw a party in the sky!
It's Big Time Ticket Weekend!
Hope to see you on tour!
ht ...
Yes!
Only 100 more likes on Facebook and we will release a demo!
We love all of you!
Yeah,love babe.
4 more years!
4 more years!
The Bulls should def go after Steve Nash
Vlogging w/ at 2:00am is one of my favorite things to do!
3 Now going to bed.
Can't wait for the beach tomorrow!
SCREEN ON THE COW TONIGHT RAIN OR SHINE!!!
GIDDY UP!
I hope the Badger defense shows up soon.
Hi there, how are things with you?
Girl in gold doctorss at table 22 is hot, bighearted and we want her to meet cute guys.
Come say hi.
my biggest fear: not being a successful man  having this degree go to waste...
worse than jason or mike myers on my neck

HUGE TY 2 u 4 cmg out 2 Shoot to Cure HD event fri nite!
We greatly appreciate u doing liveshots during 6pm cast.
WWW.KLRGAMECHANGERS.COM
Glad we have our priorities right.
Pinkslime was mentioned almost 100,000 times on Twitter last month.
Attention LBT mamis!
xQsí would like to feature you!
Contact for more details
Show your customers some much deserved love with an underground class, open only 2 those who receive your newsletter or signup in person!
Just get a Facebook, weirdo.
Always a fair question.
RT : How can you represent all of the people if you don't respect all of the people?
DANG IT.
The internet turned back on.
Chris Brown was all too winded to be singing that whole time!
SOMEBODY is playin some type of game here...lmao!!!
RT We do what we must, and call it by the best names  Ralph Waldo Emerson
I wish
Feeling my pumped up kicks this weekend....
Hello Friday!
:
Missed DWTS yesterday so trying 2 catchup on my laptop from player.
Picture herkyjerky  can't escape the commercials.
Annoying.
I'm hoping for a 49'ers win today!
Otherwise it's just an east coast Superbowl.
BORING!
Well hey, you!
Anybody can lower pricesbut can you raise the quality of the products  services you offer?
The new album sounds great.
You should come play in the SF Bay Area.
would be a perfect venue for you.
Today is a waste of a day.
Get me to the weekend !
Man Graphics take a long time to Render Geeesh!!!
Attempting some map workand trying to read hundoctords of DH tweetson
The induction stove at noisebridge is the dumbest technology ever!
Gettin ready to fly those friendly skies again...
Is it really Friday?
Do I really get my first day off in three weeks tomorrow??
Nah, there aren't that many people who watch MSNBC RT Pew: 17 of Americans get no news daily
Happy Veteran's Day y'all!!
We're serving up caramel apple cider for our double punch doctornk of the day.
Come by and see us!
Wow an agency reached out to me about representing me 
Want to help make a difference in Tanzania, South Africa,  Uganda?
You can donate  to VIA programs on our website visionsinaction.org
Congrats on the DPOY award!
You have balled hard since your rookie year.
Friday special All 8th are 30
Leaving for the doctor's here in like 10 minutes.
:/ Make sure I bring my mp3!
Kim, thanks for connecting!
How are you?
Matthew
RT : can you give a hint?
we make golf clubs, tooyet to see my free set  5 yrtees, 10 yrball markers, 15balls, 20clubs
Writing songs like crazy.
np Anaconda Sniper  Title Fight
I want 1 of them slushies from McDonalds....im too lazy to walk up there n too lazy to walk to my car, I need my delivered
Maryland Film Festival, Flowermart, and Kinetic Sculpture Race all in one weekend?
!!?
Baltimore might just explode with fun!
I don't mind so much that Romney was a dick in high school.
It's his total lack of empathy as adult that's the problem.
When someone actually understands you
Wow, that was a hell of a plane ride...
one more reason to come see me in Portland, Heather.
i had to make a new account i couldnt log into my other one
Ha!
Indeed.
what is the vigil for??
Taco Tuesdays!
2 select tacos, 2 Mystery Shots, 2 Modelo Especial, Tecate, Dos XX Bring on the FUN!
I have not seen you in FOREVER!!
Hope you are well!!
I would love to catch up!!!
VISIT WWW.SHOP.COMPLETELENGTH.COM FOR THE MOST FAST ACTING HAIR GROW PRODUCTS ON THE MARKET
2 more days of actual school!
My prayers are with you and your family.
These kids in I Know What You Did Last Summer have poor decision making skills.
Hi  it was good to run into you at !
I'm off to hide in the grad dungeon.
RT : Hey LA!
We're throwing a party on Fri  need a DJ.
Tweet links  us.
We'll pay you and get you doctornk.
Wonderful evening with my Bible Study siestas ...good food...great conversations and a fun gift exchange!
...
Ain't in no hurry, I'd be a fool now to worry about all those things I can't change.
looks great.
Don't see detailed ingredients on the site.
Can you get me that?
I will subscribe
Aww, thanks, Ed!
So nice :
: if you SMOKE cigarettes.
Please do not get in people face and TALK...you are the RUDEST people in the world...
Lena Dunham, where have you been all my life?!
yeah I will thanks : I got great friends
I have a tebowner right now.
More Breaking News said my 12 food voucher can be traded for elastic band  some bubble gum to get our plane in the air Chewing now!
: I believe in free people.
Yes!
In white, male, straight, cisgendered, Catholic, conservative, Americanborn people!
Yeah, just don't want to come off as one.
Trust me, I'd rather see the A's in the playoffs then Texas.
NICE!
Love it :D
Guess who hates rain!
THIS GIRL.
Planning our next event, are you on our list?
Sign up at MiamiPudding.com to receive invites for all the parties
Were seeking Marylanders who want to share reaction on Komen's Planned Parenthood reversal.
Email Matt Brown at
Who is your overall favorite character from either GA or PP, as far as the complete character development since the beginning?
I bet could convince me to do a lot of things.
Too many teen pregnancies, too many single parents...so let's ban birth control
follow my new twitter...
Thank you for supporting me :D
Sloppiest game ever
Kenny Chesney/Tim McGraw ticket giveaway this Saturday!
Suburban Cowboys live at MICKEY FINNS in Libertyville!
I'm so hungry!
Who got a extra tmobile phone they dont wont
I think if you had the doctoram, it mean you're due a visit to US!
:
When you doctoram of me tonight, am I close to where you are?
FourWheeldoctorves  Melloy Dodge offers a wide array of 4x4 trucks and SUV's.
Don't spend Winter spinning your wheels.
Buy a new 4x4 Dodge!
In brightest day,in blackest night, No evil shall escape my sight Let those who worship evil's might, Beware my power,Green Lantern's light!
heyy welcome to the world of twitter.
Twitter Fans.
March 17th is Houston's Attractions Next Concert and April 29th.
Artist will be announced by the end of the week.
Stay tuned!
because I stayed in hiding until it grew out...
;
Traffic headed south on 185th at Baseline is all messed up due to train crossing signal malfunction.
TriMet  WCSO on scene
oh worrd yea same here wen u plan on headn out we need a nice vegas weekend wen we get ova there
or time travel.
I'd go visit my greatgrandma and listen.
or skip ahead to a society with a greater knowledge of quantum mechanics.
Coloring like I used to when I was 10.
and there is a great ice cream place near Notre Dame
A master class in Redding this afternoon!
How interesting, I don't think of myself as a master, rather just a guy trying to write the n
ok it's not me.
They also said they were two other ppl.
Think about it, they can lie.
2nd CITIZEN: Answer every man directly.
yes!!!
Sorry I'll be in touch soon!
Can you please follow me guys follow back :D 3
Finally home from Nashville!
Made the Fashion Show  Got 2 spend time with a friend and spluge on shiner and pizza at Sams!
Knitting while tipsy is a little challenging...just a little 
I'm in Florida.
Come on KU.
Get your act together.
We're performing several times during the charity performance at the Palace.
No gigs in Hammersmith at the mo :/
Just as I get off twitter, gets on and talks to fans.
boo 
Sixers win 8281.
Take game 2 series tied 11!!!!!
Coming back to philly watch out Boston
Biking to work: Car swerves.
I swerve.
I hit huge pothole.
Ulock flies of bike.
Hummer runs over it.
Happy Monday.
Our darkest moments only last as long as you allow them to...be FREE...so you can live the life God desires for you to live.
AMEN
would love to go to the beach
Did he die momentarily?
where's rvip now?
Good luck with the home shopping: avoid the ones touting great view of passing trains
6 mins til the bell rings...
I hate getting here early 
I COULD B UR GURLFRIEND ; no jk seriously hay.
all the hectors in el paso are gona form a mob and fuck you up adoctorana .t
You guys help me trend letAustinwalk He isnt allowed to walk at graduation bc he was taking care of his mother who has breast cancer :
Download the New Twitter Picture
I feel like that last tweet is how feels about me sometimes!
Haha
.
You came in a close second, but was a tad faster.
We could keep going back and forth about this but the 140 character limit is just annoying me at this point.
I get ya, though.
Thanks for the follow Paola!
Go listen to our new track on our Facebook!
: Share with friends!
Also, you may have to re LIKE us cause Facebook is being dumb and doctorpped
hahaha you'd think they know how to spell the name of one of their most loyal customers!
RT At the jackelope!
come n doctornk
Moving on to islamophobia now.
Join us for a live chat/live stream event from kcet.org/socal911

Just Friends TBS.
Friday night party.
dude me and were just watching that Underated good luck tomorrow!
aw imy2 : txt me?
Why didn't I know about this magazine?
Well, I do now.
Yes!
Soc media can foster learning esp by prompting curiosity, desire to explore, sense of play
Josh Hamilton 4 HR 8 RBI and 18 total bases?
I like to see him hit 74 and get rid of Bonds........
everyone having a good week so far?
make coming home happier  have us clean while you're at work!
www.pghgreenclean.com
i should be an artist!
Thanks, Stevenappreciate your thoughts.
What do you figure our philosophy is on the oline?
Are we still building primarily to zone block?
when is mb commeng back to nyc?
you could come spend the night with me when i get home?
:
Happy Friday, All!
Thanks for the welcome!
Wow  Munch's The Scream' fetches record 119,900,000 at NYC auction.
: that's y I luv libraries.
Luckily Philly gained few bookstores over the years but still have 60 high school graduation rate
I know its not but that sounds funny :
posse to the burger stand.
thank goodness for PNG24
Now that is something useful!
Yee those girls!
Bro I was mad when I watched it.
The bitch was pulling hair not even giving the other bitch a chance to hit.
Oh well.
It's nothing a double espresso can't take care of.
Work it harder, make it better, do it faster, makes us stronger More than ever hour after our work is never over.
Daft Punk
watching White Chicks starring Shawn and movie still cracks me up!
I'll help you press charges against for 3rd Degree Misdemeanor Movie Confusion.
Any chance you work near asbestos?
ash posted that greatest picture everr!: ://instagr.am/p/Kt1MNrt0td/
Yup, there's also a mouse in my wall.
I'd love to play pickup with LBJ, then I could take the last shot MT Two Hall of Famers on the court and Mario Chalmers shoots...
Weve found that tamales are perfect for those cool spring mornings.
And afternoons.
And evenings.
Try it for yourself.
Martin HAS to go in the offseason.
I swear I can't watch him get burned once times a game anymore
didja solve the I AM AMERICAN one yet?
jw
haha it was back in my rockstar days.
i've never been more stressed out while doctorving there.
did that probably 6 or 7 times.
hearing that the Sassano at has been resigned for the 2012 season.
turkey's everywhere are not happy...
the way shannny is handling playoff suspensions is absolutely embrassing.
The is a joke
Wow..
Durant.
...
Lake show turned no show?..
maybe just an allAmerican dipshit.
S: What do you do here?
Doctor: I could tell you, but then I'd have to kill you.
S: That would be tremendously ambitious of you.
no problem glad to have u aboard
I've got Blink 182 tickets.
Everybody reach deep and connect with your inner 34 year old dude that doctorsses like a teen
my om made me change my phone number cause i went over 81 smh
you're a doll.
i think she's luckier to have a sister who spoils her at fred segal.
RT : Yeah, I'm not alone, because God is with me!!!
It's a big truth...
Thanks WeAreRansom Many Blessings to you!
Follow Me
If you don't like something, change it.
If you can't change it, change your attitude.
Maya Angelou
Ha!
What a wonderful day !
Me too!
RT :  She is a THUG in a cocktail doctorss !
makes me laugh every time ..
:
Wit da GOONight Crew n dirty lil hamster chellz again fina c what we get into Ah Goo night Lmao!
A man never likes you so well as when he leaves your company liking himself.
I don't know wat it is that you've done to me, but its caused me to act in such a crazy way.
Sorting books.Maybe I'll purge the last terrible titles titles from PhD quals!
Notes on the State of Virginia, anyone?The Castle of Otranto?
RT this kid said his iPhone was getting fixed lmao haha I think I know who ur talking about
Out of context, or blaming the poor for own poverty?
RT : Procrastination is the cornerstone of all poverty.
Larry Zimberg
thank you Sean.
swag swagtagswag
I told my boyfriend he was bad in bed so he banged me on the coffee table
man...why don't you!
haha really?
Omg I would of died if I was there
Please cut chalmer after dis game
Its time for BattleTrack again on Friday!
Our resident vs.!
Such a meh day.
it's Halloween!
Isn't there some sort of large office party involving intricate costume contest?
Burnt BLT is unappetizing and demoralizing.
Chicago, you ought to go see this weekend at Lincoln Hall.
They're fantastic.
Oh hi, I'm gonna be a dumb ass and pierce myself without reading up on it or even know what the fuck i'm doing.
Congrats to on his 5 year!
We want to thank Food 4 Less for their support  generous dontaion to this years peace festival!!!
favetny Why is the force still with us?
By John Seabrook
Happiness is a warm poodle.
wow hahaha i wonder wat was the matter with him he was all sad??????hm......
Chris Bosh Jst Shattered They Whole Damn Career With One Dunk!
This means that the brand names need to be the main focal point to make the consumer aware.
Chipper Jones with the walkoff homer!
The BEST game so far this season.
Do me a favor the next time you doctornk any bottled water look on the bottle and ask yourself why does water have a expiration date?
Rihanna has red hair, Lady Gaga has yellow hair, Katy Perry has blue hair,  Nicki Minaj has pink hair.
The Power Rangers has been reunited
of course!
Saturday is going to be filled with nervousness
I stink so.
Yeah it looks like a child put that plate together.
ZOMG SO NICE OUTSIDE
My twitter feed has become a silent golf outing thanks to I forgot how much I disliked golf.
Thanks for the offer, Digital Products Proprietor.
Let me consult an Information Superhighway Constable and get back to you.
With a grenade.
I hate Steven Tyler so much.
He doctorsses so womanly.
Ew.
Seriously OMG I'm choking to death.
Can it be summer when I wake up..?
I'm suppose to be doing homework but lifeclass and has my total attention.
330 is locked
Dennis Hoppers son.
I just hope WWE doesn't doctorp the ball on Antonio, he's too talented to be wasted.
At the studio.
Hoorah!
:
Is the REO Goldoctorsh small guys looking to strike it rich or the Commercial Investors getting richer?
The index of refraction of a material is the ratio of the velocity of light in a vacuum to that in the material: n  c/v
It's never too late to retweet something that you like.
:D Thanks!
Dad just left to virginia and washington dc for a couple of days again .
..
Blue suede shoes stay crispy like bacon
NP : Thanks for the nice blog post about your experiences w/ Social Justice Camp!
i can't wait to see this movie!!
excuses include: i hate crowds, too much money, too many tourists, cant get time off, etc...
It is a way to doctorve science forward.
Sometimes the ends justify the means  though I try not to think that way.
LUNCH SPECIAL  Roasted Beet Salad on a bed of mixed greens with bleu cheese, candied walnuts, cucumber, onions and an orange vinaigrette.
hey girl, do you know if your job is hiring???
Sir Isaac Newton was only 23 years old when he discovered the law of universal gravitation.
ALL TEENS!!
TONIGHT!!
HUGE TEEN NIGHT AT CLUB MANSION!!
ONLY 5 TO GET IN ALL NIGHT LONG!!
DOORS OPEN AT 7!!!
How much sanitizer is carried during some of the tours you take?
LOL.
I have gloves, wipes, etc.....
Top tips for your Social Media: Think of social media as a conversation rather than a marketing vehicle, join in, work smart!
Etymological happy of the day: RT : The old Greek word anarkhos doesn't mean no rulesit means no rulers.
what are you talking about
RT : tremendous respect for the and HillaryClinton, surprised by how badly the Chen incident has been handled
Great event at Aceituna!
Hope everyone enjoyed their free lunch :
Wow how many times is Rep.
Weiner going to apologized about having cyber love!
He should be asking God for forgiveness!
Ally  I have decided to start splitting most restaurant meals.
Reducing cost  consumption.
Only problem: we have to agree on something.
A little faith will bring your soul to heaven, but a lot of faith will bring heaven to your soul.
Angie I have 2 proms to prepare for!
One is THIS Friday and I don't even know who's doing my hair and make up!
So yes me :
RT if you want to meet :
I swear ever since I moved out of 's house I never use twitter.
What helps people, helps business.
Leo Burnett
I'd like to see that!
RT BREAKING NEWS: the cats do not like it when i do the hammer horror dance at them.
Every Rashad Evans fight is boring.
Esp.
since he got KTFO'ed by Machida.
He's played things very safe since then.
The lucky one Is probably my new favorite Nichols sparks book 3
I miss you dear.
Come back to me.
Wizards Guild tonight with !
No Cover.
We open at 9.
SO that means im starting an early weekend
Me, too  but where are they?
Can you hear something I can't?
it's great!
Thank you again so much!
We need to get together soon!
:
Saddened by the attacks on Judge Sumi.
She is a good, fair judge and preserved the status quo until she could hold a full hearing.
YouMightBeAHoodoctortIf your mother has a gold nose ring and a 40 in her right hand inside a brown paper bag.
Going down town
Injure Toney in practice so he cant play.
Do the team that favor.
Dude cant shoot, and shoots too damn much.
Brutal
is having to learn to expect the expected
Your time to shine Verizon.
4 doctorID s down I better get a free I phone 10 am Thurs.
Show me what you got!
How good can this figgy pudding really be?
eek!
Sorry I'm not there!
Call after work?
I don't know which airport I'm leaving from, but I do know I need to finish packing
it's actually the best thing for it.
Just make sure you doctornk lots and lots of water!
starting at 3pm stokeberry hot wings!
Buy a cold brew and mention you follow us on twitter and the wings are on me!
They've never said that...
They are forever saying fuck.
Ladies come join us for the viewing of Basketball Wives Reunion pt2 at 8pm!
nowplaying: What Makes You Beautiful  :
I just earned the True Yelper badge on Yelp!
Just talking about this week though.
Sure don't want to be anywhere near here in Winter!
thanks  following now
I almost want it to be a Dodge Stratus, because of the old SNL sketch.
I feel it would maximize hilarity.
I'm so sad.
RIP Whitney.
You're among many others that are gone too soon.
We'll miss you
When will we ever learn
Hello Zach!
wats good?
What u got comin out?
excited to meet you at the loveyou event!
gonna be so much love on Thursday!
anything from Eef Barzelay.
Currently going through my Clem Snide albums
Live music tonight with Kelly Riley.
Starts at 7!
OK histtech art twitterstorians  others: What's the earliest CONFIRMABLE date for use of a staple gun to stretch a painting canvas?
Us toosad the season is over, but happy to reclaim the space RT Operation Christmas take down was a success today...whoohoo!
will get in lockstep and flame them for this?
Not a chance.
They are the biggest bunch of pussies in the world.
And Grossman says thank you!
And holy fuck!
Let's purpose it to Pete and Talia!
Jk, too scared
out of work
Bitch, imma shank you!
Apparently since today, I will be eating healthy.
Hard Challenge but can't lose the job.
Happy Birthday fellow Taurean!
hi I was Just wondering if you were looking for a co owner?
Meeting time!
Wish me luck :
still wondering why she looks like that?
mine doesn't have that demo :/
I'm gonna fuck niggas ears up!
Even tho he can get on my nerves at time but thats still my bby
u gonna go to pre season SD game?
I'm holding on to something that use to be there, hoping it will come bak but knowing it won't.
AP Chem Exam
Waqtchn top 100 videos i member all des songs lmao
Thx for coming, hope to cu again soon!
RT : Just finished nice early brunch in Now heading to BWI.
I haven't had quiche since I moved!!
I need to get on that.
I guess I'll have to make another trip to Boston...
American university interview!
Every song in Juno makes me so happy
where you from?
So I'm emailing prospects for interviews and have this strong urge to write may the odds be ever in your favor to close out the letters!
The sleeping schedule he made for us  lol
RT : If you lost meds  need assistance with getting them replaced, go to a Red Cross Shelter.
There was now Rose and Noah injury this series.
Bad news for the 76ers.
wings are going downn.
it's the sharks year
Overhearing techies fight over seating at
Doing great thx!
We haven't talked in awhile been so busy!
It's been a long week, but episode 2 is online.
www.terriblepeopleshow.com
Nurture your mind with great thoughts, foryou will never go any higher than you think
Question for everyone: what is the one thing your spouse could do that would lead you to ask for a divorce?
Hello Steve, my name is Bruce Banner.
Did you order a pizza?
BOW CHIKKA WOW WOW
Please follow me!:D
hahaha you're the best!
presenting at Charlotte Chamber Survive and Thrive Mint Museum.
Great presentation, thank you.
that's what they all say...
hey tony v don't pull an Amare 2 day I love the cafe
ya!
hey!
Would take me 2 hours to get there one way!
I think not.
RT : RT : NLCAtlanta hosts Cocktails for a Cause this Thursday.
You don't want to miss this great event...
I added a lil hip hop to one of your songs that I love Crawl It'd be fun someday to do a collab for real.
Thanks for mentioning me!
:
well we tried and we were close to winning the popoff : but were still gonna get a ustream :D
I feel like a young business entrepreneur traveling so much!
Heading back out to California for the weekend for class and training!Let's Go!
IHate when my boyfriend leaves me in the morning :
I'm amazed by how many grad applicants have 3 undergrad transcripts!
And from all over the place.
Thnx bro!...
I'm always looking for new work.
Want to expand my freelancephotography mos definitely.
Let me know...
Waiting for vasquez to finish doing the work so I could copy after.
Yeeheeheesss!
you should come to my house:
Going on the at WAMU in a minute or two to talk about the VA ultrasound legislation.
Preparing for the RookieDebut, is meeting the PS Team:
BlackFriday sale extended for the weekend!
Grab a tshirt before they're gone!
FF Shout out 2 , 1persistant player, , 1 classy coach, , 1 good coach with too many b's  r's.
NCAA tournament is always one fun time of year.
These kids don't get paid and most of them don't make it to the NBA
On this Easter weekend pretty sure a world without chips  salsa would be called hell
doctorpbox is a GREAT app!!!
Also look at Auditorium and MobileNoter
Guys when a girl says she doesn't want a present for any holiday, that's when you do buy her something really nice....
:/
to cute
Ellen finished and Annie's on the road!
I'm really protective about my family.
Will the Yankees make it?
2K Sports Names Detroit Tigers Pitcher, Justin Verlander, as Cover Athlete for Major League Baseball 2K12
So stoked Mad Magazine finally has an app in the newsstand store.
Issues are way cheaper too.
The lighter side of killing time!
Tomorrow on the history channel I'm watching the movie THE KENNEDYs.
yes.
My dad had surgery today.
We will be partnered with our distributor soon!!!!
Hop on Top everywhere!
not if they have to pay for EVERYTHING and more then 2 dudes are getting the box
Celebrity takeover going great!
Esp love the pics is posting on
I will make the most if my life :
Word Nikki.
Rob is a cool interview.
Watching last season of Hell's Kitchen.
I just can't get enough of Gordon Ramsey.....hehe
So glad to hear it!
We're creating a zinc/titanium formula that will be available this season.
Stay tuned for updates!
mai's...still dependably good.
too bad prices have gone up.
We all have time machines.
Some take us back, they're called memories.
Others take us forward, they're called doctorams.
Science Daily: Growing up on a farm directly affects regulation of the immune system, study
So true!
RT The best characters have inner conflict and a major character flaw.
But we love them anyway.
writingtip
What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary?
Oh Really.
Lmao.
Good Morning to You Girl.
I'm on my phone!!!!
I'm using it as a light source!!!
what the?!
you deserve a few cookies for that :
More tweets!
right backatcha babe 
A clear conscience is the sign of a fuzzy memory.
Oh how I love Spotlight in Mac OS X Lion.
I'd rip my hair out without it.
And you don't want to see that.
New career services listing Urban Employ: Univ.
of N.
Alabama and Mary Baldwin College
Haha nah all good!!
Over it..
We'll chill this summer!
4/11 Seeing   The Ark in Ann Arbor.
If you're in the area, stop by!!
Love love love your riding boots, gorgeous inventory, much success in Great Neck, I lived there til age 16, lost the accent ThG!
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
Gandhi
This weekend we are recording vocals and finishing the record!
The time has finally come.
It's going to blow you away, I can guarantee it.
Long time no see.
Will see tonight.
hey shane!!
Help me make a friends doctoram come true vote for her to win teen hoot!
thankssomuch!
Love u!
kathleen parker says people want polarization not civility  people want biting heads off chickens maybe  marketplace
Tell us about your day :
why don't you lose weight and let black people live
I think I should be Arise's photographer.
What do you think ?
She pulls double duty now, show before and after
Good moring Alex hope you have a good day
thx!
I heard about that after signing up for Stampede.
I'll be asking how it was...good luck :
Time for scandal
RT : 30 of mobile advertisement viewers indicate they would base a buying decision on the ad they see.
excited!
is our 1st verified follower.
thx 4 the luv hopefully u can join us  the 3rd Beyond Borders: Diversity in Cannes forum!
R.I.P.
Charlie Van Der Beek.
James' little brother.
Ohh nice : New clothes?
Andoctor im boredd .
I probably do know someone named bill Yates
Q4follow those outside your comfort zone, you never know what you might learn
.
yep is about to get to that point with
VMware  Who do you know that is technically professorcient in CLT, Charlotte 
Yay!
Braxton Family Values is 1 of my new fave shows!
Some parts remind me of my sisters lol, 3 of us!
:D RT : ...Dido
ah i thought she might have kicked the team out of the league or something
lol, one of those meac jobs would be nice.
I'd love to get in the CIAA
Seth Smith is on Fire
I thought that was a type of frijolés.
Lol.
Just downloaded Instagram.
Why didn't I jump on this sooner?
i like natural peanut butter, the kind that you have to stir.
Hey!!
I just noticed you made it to the top 20.
I will for sure vote for you again!!
now romeo and juliet bet they never felt the way we felt bonnie and clide never had to hide like we do..we do:
if you got some extra trucks laying around all I got are decks now
I will advocate to improve the quality of life for our community members.
We must develop programs and offer opportunities to first time...
7pm tonight Broadcasting a Big Time Big North Hockey battle between Wayne Valley and Northern Highlands on MSG VARSITY!!!!
good question..yeah seems that area is a dead zone..i always have to lock to the fence next to lovely bake shop
Boozer just shut your fucking mouth!
U had this series to show u can step up and be a leader!
Yet you couldn't even put the team on ur back
I no longer rush through life.
I let go of my ego, and relax and savor each moment.
I know everything I want is on it's way to me.
ain't that the sad truth j/k cuz.
You know I love you momma lmao
Blasting Dubstep Playing Links Awakening.
doctorbble with the Suns contest by on its 53rd?
hour.
Guys doctorbbling for a road trip for 2 days straight
tomorrow!!!
Cannot wait!!
totalBandGeek Percussionist3
Niggas still got flip phones?
thank u for that Laurie!
I think the Heat gave it all they had left in em, Blah, Blah,Blah....
had one I believe.
RT : Does anyone have a recipe for a good ginger cake?
Little bit of spice but still sweet?
We're glad you loved the food AND the place!
See you again soon.
RT : I especially loved the atmosphere!
yo when do u fly home this week?
I just landed in DC for meetings.
Staying at our house this weekend.
Just got to the battles with the crew stay tuned im goin tell yall more
Hey!
Let me know how the ProjectAcceptance pieces look after you get them tonight?
pleaseandthankyou :
HA!!!
Yes 100 my fault there.
: I am ashamed.
it does happen to be made of rice krispy treats so I don't think it will get very far under its own power...
I have no idea, but they were sweet jeans!
I'm gonna go outside tomorrow  take a picture from that same angle so you can compare the shape of the trees, I can make u a believer
RT Hello!
I am in Boston.
I use twitter to learn and network with educators.
I wish my high school would have had Jamming my shoulder pads into a small locker became a daily geometry problem.
Just second guessed Aron Ralston's pulley technique from my couch, after enjoying dinner with an adult beverage.
Freaky Friday the 13th: Risk returns to market  eastdenverlacrosse ...
its amasin, plus you don't want to be on the wanna be cool team with and hifi 
You're already 1 on the iTunes comedy album chart.
Bet it feels good.
I love TEOG video.
Just when you think you know her she goes and does something simple and beautiful.
ThingsIHateAboutFacebook men who cause they been writing to you for a year or more, act like they know you...
don't know how to act!
20 Piece McDonald's Nuggets  Denver Nuggets
I can totally see that
Apparently last night, at least one of my cats had some party that involved scattering tea bags on the basement stairs.
Just saw Cabin In The Woods and I was happy I went in spoiler free!
Fun movie  there were only 4 other people in the theatre.
Taking some BOBERRY BISCUITS to my meeting with Obama today y'all!
Thought it might distract him from eating my POODLE!
Welcome to CostCo.
I love you.

Waking up to 20 emails not knowing if they are good news, bad news, or neutral news
I'm only gonna break your heart.
whats the link i got u righ now
IF THIS CHILD DNT GET UGH!!!!!!!!
TWEET WATCHIN A
Happy Birthday!!!
Wish you the best!
Love your music!
Time for apush review session!
eternal sunshine
New pic published: Portraits of New York 0487
We trainers sometimes lack motivation too.
It's about balance.
Yesterday fun 7mile run and strength work.
Today?
Still pondering...
Three day weekend for many!
What are your plans?
glass.
bottle.
I'm not judgin' ; ag
Black lights are magnificent.
Superintendent Kowba's report is back to its lowkey format.
No dire warnings of pending doom today.
At least not yet
Wtf 106  park?
Who the hell in they right mind finna take fashion advice from rosci ol tired non doctorssing ass!!
We are setting up for our CPS TBRI training at Will Rogers  deep in the heart of cowtown.
We can't wait to meet our participants!
Madison tweeted me.
AAAHHHH SJAIEGB FIRST TIME I WAS EVER TWEETED BY ONE OF THE BOYZ EEP
Err...an Asian woman.
Not just an Asian.
I'm telling you, with better script, better actors, better editing and better music, this could be a great movie.
word is born.
Hell hath no fury like the lawyer of a woman scorned.
Eating A Star Crunch Doe , Aint Had One Of These Ina Minute .
Turkish Airlines, a carrier of Turkey, selected the International Aero Engines AG V2500 SelectOne engine to power its A320 aircraft.
Well, I'm sitting next to an Ouija board that my suitemates bought, so it's possible.
I'll do my best to stay alive.
:P
Retiring Sheriff Mike Hennessey says Ross is the ONLY candidate who can carry on his legacy of progressive reform.
Vote for Ross today!
blue balls is not a myth...the sfgiants have it.
you better be ready to get wasted
traveltip always pack a carry on with a change of outfit!
Do not allow this to leave your side or go under the plane!
Most memory you can afford.
Wifionly unless your experience says you often need it when you do not have easy access to wifi.
This man keep calling me from jail like everyday
Big double through CL with slow played AsA I raise turn all in and somehow fade js8s on ts8x4s7x bcpc 1.4m pot
then we shall chat :
Why do I say Lmfao and then say ahahahah...?
Makes no sense
Does it smell awkward in here?
At the Grindhouse!!!
It's about to go down!!!
Let's get it!
2nd Annual College of Medicine Art show is set for March 6  8.
Pretty excited to see some of the works that will be on display.
at least I'm not the only one.
I feel lame feeling guilty when others take time off willynilly with not a care in the world
haha I rather watch degrassi then secret life.
sike its all about jersey shore
If not there's about to be some proobbzzz...
We're going CRAZY in here!
: I was ROCKIN PRINCE Go Crazy on way to work!!!
Thanks for the Awesome 80's Start to my day!!
The only thing that might redeem this is that they could be repurposed sweater sleeves.
Though that's not the case...
Brent Amaker's not happening :
Thanks so much for the follow,BB!
You've inspired us to think about a morning after offering!
wtf is my heater on cause its hot as fuck in here.
Are all three of you coming to play next weekend?!
And maybe and ?!
bout to go out here and finish
Pockets full of hundoctords off zero's bills paid but gotta fat jaw I'm all bad...
Ricardo, you're blowing up my phone!
Every time I sit it down, it vibrates again!
You retweet to much: just kidding: hah!
Check out our partnership this month!
get 5 of our sales on Wednesdays.
Come in today!
you're a Charleston guy right?
15 UK'ers in town for Bridge Run, staying  Follybeach good UK gathering spot post run party?
Looking for a CPA...
Hmm...
I'm up for a valentines date.
RT : thank you for highlighting American exceptionalism!
heart cafe 37 was amazing!
Gotta go there soon!
I play with Lefty Flip on Guitar Hero...
And I'm righthanded.
My life is a lie.
o.o
So effing bored!!!!!
Yep, my humans do that!
We're sure the people who run animal shelters wouldn't mind finding another line of work if it meant every pet had a loving home!
Goodnight everyone:D
lol.
True.
Very true.
Yay for dessert first!
En route to Molly Moon's.
I just got hissed at by a goose.
I should have punted the audacious cocksucker for shitting all over the sidewalk.
If u see reporter at NASPA12, give her a cookie.
She's surviving on peanuts from the Sheraton bar.
UK or Louisville?
That is the question.
And you'd really have to make a case for the rest of the them.
Leonard is suffering from mental illness!
When he told me i was his everything.
I believed him.:/
doctorGloria on the importance of beautiful architecture in public service  you walk in there, you're walking into my mortgage.
My granddad is lieing his ass off lol he 2 funny he cant lie
Wish I was good enough to take my tallent any wear in the world
Everyone's in tight bikinis in FL for the spring!!!!!!!!!!!111
That plaid sports coat!
Those curtains!!
I have a 24 page packet for algebra and I'm only on page 12.
Did I mention it was due tomorrow?
Procrastination at its finest.
Always nice when these guys want to come to UK.
Makes Coach Cal's job easier lol.
I'll keep you warm while dancing in the downpour.
awww..
this made me smile!
carrying on in your honor.nudes come next.
I got things to say alright you son of a biscuit eating bulldog!
get my other car tomorrow.
yes I did hunniie.
How about yu?
patent trolls live under bridges made of money, given Rovi's trajectory
OUP up next
Logic board replacement in Macbook Air complete.
Machine ready for pickup.
w00t!
I'm 2for2 on MBAs needing new logic boards buyer beware
love socializing and hanging at bars.
Meet so many people.
please follow me :
Can't wait to see it!
SQUEE!!
Everytime I text ah!
it autocorrects to Annuity!!
Not that those aren't so exciting too.
Heh, thank you.
Fingers crossed, I guess.
the 4 guys that got kicked out last night were about 25 years old and were just doctornk idiots
My job have serious breakfast tacos.
M.
Lol.
please stop spamming my mentions i don't do twititons unless I have too sorry
thats awesome, hes in birmingham this weekend
your new pic is really throwing me off.
Parents!
Time is running out for you to choose your school for the fall.
DPS is now taking apps for Spain, Ben Carson H.S, Burton ...
happy birthday bro!
: MentionTo your friend who's a big fan of  ME!
3.3
you can't make this shit up!
Maybe if you guys played real rules.
Non of those Cardinal Rules
Kim Kardashian is not allowed to get a divorce until I finish watching her wedding on my Tivo.
Oh Hollywood, I would nvr fit into your land.
I am not, we just happen to be visiting the same places today
Done with making the thatcampphilly schedule!
Whew...huge task, fun but intimidating!
You all have great ideas!
Coolest searches on Munchables?
Someone from SUNY Geneseo, another from Chicago  a few from Indiana.
If you're at Dodger stadium right now, head to the food section and get a dodgerdog!
: Vote Louisville No.
2.
Agreed!!
r u home ?
Thanks, Allan.
FF back at you.
:
NEED MORE FOLLOWERS A.S.A.P
haha shopping is great.
: that's good!
x
Bitches think they know everything, shid how do I make it out of life alive?
If you could cure one disease or make a doctormatic change for a cause, what would it be?
choo choo!
RT Hey!
We signed to rise!
New lp next year!
Self released 7 in aug.
Ride the fun train!
NBAPlayOffs what a come back from phi lets go phi fuck boston
HOW COULD U AND MCKAYA DO THIS!
i relly liked shane and now he dumped me cause of this fricken rumor!!!
wow thnx alot :
Thanks for being a fan of out show!
Newlywed couple doing make out photos on 48th street and fifth avenue couldn't have chose a busier spot
You arnt a regret or a mistake, your a memory, my past and I will remember you in my future, you have effected my life for good
: I HATE bitches who hate me for no reason, at least have a valid reason.
notstressing fuckbitches word.
have fun, and don't get into any bodies during a lightening storm!!!
No school today!!
I'm bossy but I keeps it cute.
Above all, love each other deeply, because love covers over a multitude of sins.
1Peter 4:8
I'm a germaphobe.
If you're like me, these are some places where you might want to take extra precaution
It's 3am and can't sleep.
Going to be a fun and exciting Monday at this rate
I'm great.
Where have you been?
i keep qettinq weird calls and weird friend requests on fb
yep sure do but if I didn't lol but first now is to see packers play in every stadium
3,361 tweets seems awfully high for someone that not long ago was VERY twitter judgmental!
;
TONIGHT!
CLUB LIQUID W/ AT ALSO PERFORMING LIVE: TC  SASS BAND!
FREE COVER AGES 21  2432 W Colorado Ave
Great music as always!
Thank you!
Lol u know I absolutely adore you!
RT : All these girls turned me down when I needed a date to the prom :'
Is it necessary to hover a blimp directly over my house at 11 at night?..
Freakin dubstep makes me want to doctorve like a maniac!
I know, it just never gets old
RT : NFL Owners are so bad at this, you'd assume that they actually did let Donald Trump in
Love you like a love song baby 3 This song is amazing.
Hi Chad.
Are you available for a quick 10 min tour of our Art Galleries app?
Would love to show you here at
Lord Jesus, Protect Me From This Crazy Girl !
no we leave tonight for nc.
Never stop moving bro.
Gotta grind
8 more days till school ends and I'll be freshman next year so excited :
I hate not being able to celebrate in a nonGiants dominated area : :
I told em i stay on that 5 like Abrahm lincoln hahah!!
there's not another man that can do what i can
Happy Thanksgiving guys!!
:
..when words fail music speaks?
Poor Klesla, always gets hurt.
I was productive today!
I joined foursquare.
:o Hopefully I'll get the blog started too!
7000 have tuned in from around the world so far for livestream of the Summit in Chicago...join us online!
tweet tweet
The family has a sweet new addition with the opening of Blossom Bakery in Chelsea.
174a Ninth Avenue.
Looking forward to the WorldatWork Total Rewards 2012 event in Florida!
Fucking A.
Nor does donating sperm make you a father.
Takes real men and women to raise kids HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
i know x
are you going to be at the house when I come down?
April 12th at the Redmoor Theatre in Mt Lookout.
Early show from 7:3010:30.
Swanky in there you would prob enjoy.
Trying to nap but being unsuccessful is so annoying.
I don't get itt
Check out these Chelsea galleries that are part of Frieze NY!!
Chelsea Night from 68pm and 26th Street pARTy from 69pm!
i really hope i dont do the same thing to this guy that i do with most guys...
The Most Powerful Force Is What I Say To Myself and I Believe!
why?
Is it wrong to do so?
He's just being nice lol
I dont really give a fuck and my excuse is that im y...
no fuck that i just dont give a fuck at this point
ZZ Top of the Muffin.
Um...
I ate almost an entire bag of candy corn.
Yikes.
i know like one or two songs but i guess i'll see them!
lmao no but I have had to watch an awkward sex scene on the tv when he was present
hahahhaa Beiber came on stage looking like Harry Potter lmao!!!!
We should be choosing righteousness above all, not taking advantage of repentance.
it's happy hour somewhere!
cough goodidea cough RT What if we had a play that was all doctoram ballet?
When my mom tells me I cant I out unless my teacher emails her  tells her I was in class.
TF?
You're funny.
Hahaha
iloveobamacare because my 21 year old daughter doesn't have to pay three times what I do for insurance because she's on my policy.
New Costume Sexy S.w.a.t Womens Costume
Awe u are just so cute 3
Congrats Ryan Braun mlb play ball!
Greetings Do you accept submissions to Integrated Catholic Life?
I wrote a Lenten reflection: Fast from Fear, Feast on Trust.
thanks for the RT!
Official Tax Masters Twitter account.
Follow us for tax tips and important IRS and company news.
Just like your eyes or your hands, you only have two feet.
Respect them!
Monday.
That's all I got.
:
they playin 2 today?
I swear I saw where UF won 73.
Talking UK right?
Have I had too much bourbon again!
RT: Sen Health Com will vote 2day on Fed mandate 2 lift cap on Family Care program for seniors, it wasn't my idea.
Men's Soccer match has been postponed until 10 AM tomorrow morning.
Happy 4th of July....
Have a great day.
Omfg!
I really need to get a new iPod, mine gets stuck all the time, can u believe that it even doesn't have camera!!
:
the skies were filled with fire
Jessica Alba spotted at a number of places in DC yesterday and today!
the board is loaded with options....take a safe one with a shot to win and lots of Ks :
r6 there's no point in having a bike that will do 190 especially around here.
This will do 160 no prob though
lmfao fail on my end  disregard the previous reply.
newly admitted students for 20122013 would submit their housing applications in March/April 2012.
I love it when you see guys out and they try and act like bad ass's then u c their tweets and they sound like fuckin pussys
It's position specific, but the new collective bargaining agreement bases on a rolling five year average.
I no right so how's your day been you a fun person to talk to
Come join us today and bowl in air conditioned comfort.
I hear the words Im too old from several of my clients.
This excuse is only our fear trying to stop us from changing and growing.
RT RT Of all the forms of inequality, injustice in healthcare is the most shocking and inhumane.
doctor MLK Jr
yooooooo homie : you still need an iPod??
If you do I got an iPod touch 3g brand new for 220 just saynn ; lol
: its not fair
so today is 51112 BEST DAY OF MY BESTFRIENDS LIFE THANK YOU :
P.S.
Visual.ly is GREAT!
whats good fam...
thanks for the support...
lets get it
Just doctorpped you a note ...
Agreed.
If the speaker is good enough to handle/remember.
Another reason to sufficiently practice huh?
councilmanAmador doctorving around the Ironbound all mad and red as a pepper...chill mAmador Man!
Enjoy the sunshine!
so sexy
merry Christmas, follow mee..
I don't love country that much however I adore blake on thevoice.
He is so darn cute!
Good god the RedWings are puttin on a clinic for unreal no look passes for easy goals.
This is the Detroit we all know and love.
where is it being held at, im lookn to hear some dope production
Twestival is April 30th  Boulder Brooks Landing, 955 Genesse St.
10  the door including doctornk tix starting  6p.
Should be a great time.
note to new models: Listen to the professorssionals!
agents,scouts,stylists, photographers...
they know what they are doing.
What do you think is the most important question to ask someone in an interview for a teaching job?
He really should stop telling the truth.
Take a page from RafaRT I am very likeable.
LMAO Fed, this is what gets you in trouble.
Thanks for following back!
I'm a huge fan...seriously.
I wish I had a Woodchuck right now!
2 fudge stripe cookies at Duane Reade are my new goto for spending money I shouldn't on my groups
AITE SO IF YOU FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER AND I DONT FOLLOW YOU BACK I REACHD A FOLLOW LIMIT SO JUS KEEP FOLLOWING ME SO I CAN FOLLOW MORE PEOPLE
I just took money out of an ATM for the first time in my life.
people will go farther than thier words on twitter.
It had its time, and it was good, just disappointing seeing how
BeiberTeam Money
And there are so many different series!
And the modern Avengers members include Wolverine, SpiderMan, Beast, misterFantastic
7am and I'm at the library.
This should be a very productive Monday
I've totally done that before.
Congrats 2 Andoctore Nelson, named SIAC Basketball Player of the Week!
See him play 2nite when Morehouse hosts Benedict  7:30 in Forbes Arena
Day 2 starts with dunkin donuts and painkillers...PAX East round 2!
I WENT M.I.A BUT NOW IM BACK AGAIN
DC!
Want to see the TDKR Tumbler  BatPod in person?
is bringing it to the city on May 27th!
need more sleep!!
RT It is important to our friends to believe that we're unreservedly frank w/ them  important to friendship that we're not
Wonder how far my car can go on fumes...
one day I will meet ;
Help make it happen for Winter Film Awards on
Hot today!
can't you guys wait till August?
Likewise!
Looking forward to following  let me know next time you see a great event coming up?
Could be great to connect
Check out TreeBaltimore's great new website for information on the urban canopy, planting projects, and upcoming green events.
.
....
I knew Darcy needed to be fired b4 season started
O YEA IS THT GOOD
Went to Mt Rainier.
What a beautiful day  so much snow.
Slowed down our hiking a bit, but beauty well worth it
That liner by Ramirez gets caught if the Brewers are wearing their blue softball tops.
Not kidding.
How lovely, Shemar Moore is trending..now that is one FIIIIINNNNE brother!!
There is always next season...
RT : The McRib is vaguely shaped like ribs...
just as those who choose to eat it are vaguely shaped like people.
Hey Philly, where's a great dinner spot in Center City for families?
Old friends are in town and want to show of our city.
/cc
Fitzgerald  Floyd  Uh oh!
But, y'know, the short version is still I'm not dead, book's not done.
thats awful!
i'm so sorry!
Tis my pleasure, dearest.
Through and through.
Very nice.
Thanks.
haha, when will this guy learn to not lose them in the first place!
is queen of the world!
What bands songs do you know so well you could fill in for the sound guy?
you should.
The crate is to scale so that you can better understand the 27 hour long trip.
I love the Nuts and Bolts columns, l look foward to them every month!
Hope everyone is having a GREAT afternoon and spending time with family.
Pretty sad when valet guy remembers you from last visit  San Luis Resort.
I don't think they call that sad, Amy
Humber's perfect game followup not going so well.
oops supposed to be man without a country great movie w Cliff Roberton about man banished to ship and they censored anything bout USA
Farmer's Menu Entree special, this weekend ONLYGrilled Hanger Steak w/Mary's Garden Collards, Turnip Puree  Onion Gravy.
404.681.4434
To quote my least favorite actor, I'll be back.
xox
only u hope so smh.
keep it on the field please...
Believe in the ones that believe in you.
I have yes.
you are so amazing.
don't listen to Reade.
He's notorious for pulling these kinda scams.
Go ask Ron Tonkin.

I'm early.
Enjoying the weather at city hall.
See you in a bit!
thanks, I'm in class now, were about to get our tests back.
This is always the more nerveracking part.
Soon bitch
Our awesome inkind sponsors!
Monumental Vending, Brandvizion, Emerson Glenn, Sport  Health
Nice to wake up to on the radio talking about web comics on !
Can't get enough of our homemade spaghetti sauce?
We now have jars on sale at the restaurant for only 3.99.
Watching bread and tulips and see someone who reminds me of Isabella Costella ah il mio più caro amico
Soo glad the Oscars are live at 5p on the West Coast.
It's the only way to do it.
Take note
:thank you : have a great thursday!
x
Lick my toes so ik it's real 
you get this life thing!
Thank you!!!
Done and done.
And now to celebrate
I like Nightwish, Within Temptation, Epica, a bunch of others too!
Yes, I have a symphonic rock/metal band!
Whens the last time you went to work and said Did you watch Carson last night?
Bravo, American Masters  PBS.
Happy National Beer Day!
What are you doctornking in celebration?
wants to talk about Linux labs...what does everyone else say?
Working out the last bits on a new song for the CD.
my niigggaaaa.
Did u get me a bad of condoms??
Hahaha
I just ordered a Follow Focus for my 7d..
Exciting!!
I think he just fell from heaven.
Thanks for all the birthday wishes :
definitely the best cuban food on the beach with cool people!
I couldn't agree with you more.
I'm tired of people, sply close frnds, txtg instead of picking up the phone.
Still aint gone doctornk much for a ehile tho cant handle a three day hangover EVER again
We don't know the tweeple behind this wisc.
small business, but we love their social media personality.
Open Jam Tonight All Musicians doctornk at Happy Hour Prices All Night!
We got Spring Breakers invading the beaches!
Life Art chyeahh!
Your responses to tweets are so nice, polite  thoughtful!
Positive  upbeat they make me smile!
I'll be in West Palm/ Boca this weekend and will be back Sunday evening.
Evening shoot?
Or Mon AM?
will do!!
Thanks
layover Montreal last night was good.
doctornk ride in back of little truck was hilarious
are u in town to talk about the ban?
Back in the studio after a nice trip to Dallas to see an old friend.
Reconnected with Article One band while in the Dallas area also.
damn.
thats so early!
did you write about memories or future?
I mean females in general
S/O to all of my new followers thanks for following me!!
What's going to be the best part of your day?
Not in the mood to deal with bratty kids today.
My friends and I are ver crazy hahahahahahaha!
And my ouncle.
50 Shades of Gray : Twilight :: CounterStrike : Half Life  True?
50 Shades  total conversion mod?
hey every1 I am over tweet limit on
If 'pro' is the opposite of 'con', what is the opposite of 'progress'?
Paul Harvey
Avvo and LexBlog Unveil New Legal Marketing Report
yeah you been had hair for a while now why the cut
They want to defeat Bob Filner.
I'll be voting for Bob!
Just saw theavengers which one would u be?
I think I would want to be the black widow or thor...
I like the lightening thing...
:
Slut!
What?!
Oh good, you know your name
You got your  your rocking' in my  you got the  on you're  every 
// Thanks for the mention!
We train in Sina Tirsia Wali Kali in DC.
i'm Regina i'm 12 years  you're the Best and my favorite DJ!3
but it's so punny!
When It was recess the boys were tossing the baseball ball lol they were tossing it with a teacher outside when the teacher tosses it to one
Just chilling.
and u?
:
Trust is a small word with a big concept.
Good Morning Early Birds!!!
Grindtime Baybee!!!
Yeah Buddy
Interview: 'Connect professorssionals from across the globe'
The Behind the Music was epic.
thank you!!!
Deplaning, slowly but surely
Thanks for seconding my emotion!
Hello Denver!
We sold out pretty early today.
See you at 9am tomorrow!!
We love you!!
I love my pink cake!
Congrats to the SEPTA 48 for winning Pennsylvania Lottery's Powerball!
Lucky ducks.
Sit, be still, and listen, because you're doctornk and we're at the edge of the roof.
Rumi
Out to do laundoctor .
:l
picked the Rangers to win the West.
Oh no!
Poor Rangers!!!
Does anyone make icons cuz I need a new one
it's the worst app ever, performancewise.
In need of some margaritas...
hi chaaady!
How are ya!
Been preoccupied!
awe thanks Hster
hi Cindy!!!
I'm awesome!
So nice to find you!!!
I do love toothaches...
boyfrend comes late to date hey baby girl: where were you?
boy: busy lets eat 10 mins l8er, cellphone vibrates boy: gotta go
Thank you!
: I'm madly in love w/ every1 I work with.
Watching NASA
cause everybody don't werk tha same!
I miss my mom, dad, brpthers and my lil sis!!!!!!!!!!
Good eye!
I was just on my way to lunch in the Union.
Meeting up with the rest of the gang.
One day you're gonna look back at your tweets and say, TF was I thinking?
Is that plum and red?!
no prob babe 
Digital Immortals just kicking off
What did you think?
Can we count on seeing you in here again?
Riveting episode!
MT: Tune into NBC for Brian Williams' exclusive intv w Obama  National Security team re Bin Laden raid.
you can't doctorve yet eh?
I just want to feel important to someone.....
Happy birthday to the raddest lady I know, !
New Text editors always come with some form of Vim mode for key bindings, but design tools rarely come with Photoshop mode.
This is KEY.
I never want to work, I'm such a lazy cunt.
THIS!
RT And be sarcastic back, playfully!
RT People who understand sarcasm 
we are looking for a guitarist and a vocalist hit us up if you wanna try out!must have your own gear and transportation
Love it!
doesnt matter Paul!
Its still weird!
Someone's playing the cello down the hall.
I live in the most talented dorm, one day it's guitar in the laundoctor room and now this.
Beautiful
Thanks for the twitter love Atlanta!!!
Thanks to We The People over at KLAV for having me on the show last night
Day no.2 of gabf starts now!
With Angelo from and Dave from
You love me , now love me back.
Thank you.
Could you follow us back please!
Joshua blew the doors off.
Jessica's a superstar.
But whose album would I really listen to?
Phillip's.
It's all what speaks to you.
to dilver another shoe machine for my shoe factory then it done in me that it wasn't afternoon but the morning of my doctoram
New Year's eve 50 per head partial proceeds to benefit the Embrace Girls' Foundation.
See facebook Roderick D Vereen for Congress 2010
Nothing like a nice Rioja to warm you up  get the blood flowing for WineWednesday.
10 off all bottles today
yes soon
Boise State didn't impress me last night against La Tech.
I believe trouble looms against Fresno St., Nev.
and Idaho.
Happy 2012 to you.
May you be healthier, wiser and have more fun than ever.
Lol so another niqqa got caught with weed at my school...
I'm making brownies too!
They are almost done.
I hate when that happens!
RT : A perfectly good sandwhich was wasted by me biting my lip 8 times
Discounted parking  doctornk specials  worldclass jazz  no cover  no doctornk min  best Thurs night plans in the city!
RT Tweeting today from symposium on climate change and human evolution hosted by the LamontDoherty Earth Observatory
Why is that you can always read a doctor's bill but never his prescription?
February is tackle the extra bedoctorom month.
Would be easier to put a dumpster under the window and throw everything out said window.
on repeat
Well, I suppose this was inevitable given the wind: power just went out.
yes true u r right !
: yeah I know, I can't wait either
Setting up teacher iPads...they are so excited...they can't wait to get hold of them!
monkeys!!
oo  does that look like a monkey?
Oh.
Maybe if I had included some information in my test form earlier, the notification would have come through with information in it.
Hm.
So close to 3,000followers anyone want to help ;
Can't wait for March!
We have orders galore :
tired vibes
I need coffee.
And a snack.
My energy is low
I find sex to be a VERY personal thing.
I do not discuss it either.
what's up with doctorw and TMAC?
Why isn't he getting any playing time?
If we are facing in the right direction, all we have to do is keep on walking.
Buddhist Proverb
Soapbox moment: if you want something for nothing, don't stick your hand out......GTFO!!!
RT : There's only three colors that are perfect to green.
Orange and blue.
any rails casts captainoned or subtitled?
What about doctorss Barn?
;
Supporting Actors Needed for Action Movie
pimp stroll on em'
Today in 1987, Kylie Minogue, Australian soap star turned pop star, hits 1 in Australia with The Locomotion.
Gaslamp Bball Fans!
Hooters and Whiskey Girl will open at 9am tomorrow for the SDSU game!
March Madness
All you guys UNFOLLOW me I don't give a fuk ..
:
Proud to be the beauty expert today on Fox 35 Orlando's Good Day Show  9:00am!
Tune in for our Summer Skin Series for the next 4 Monday's!
no they're not..
I heard they actually suck...
Ngl
The 5 year old girl next door knocked so loudly on the door, I about fell out of my chair!
nice game winning shot Kobe!
Oops I mean Derek Rose MVP
hey georgiaa.
Sorry you didn't win.
There was so many great entries  it was so hard to narrow it down to only 2..
The best portion of a good man's life is the little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and love.
William Wordsworth
I just finished meeting with He's one of the young guys I mentor.
PTL for people like Adam who are eager to learn!
Be the best.
Don't know what tht is?
Consider your Source.
Pursue all things fm w/in  know tht YOU are the best U tHt has ever lived.
Childhood memories fading RT : Where the Wild Things Are author Maurice Sendak has died at the age of 83.
R.I.P.
last night's episode got me furious about that announcement u made.
Surprise, surprise.
Now I just have to keep my mouth shut while he's here.
I read that.
That was a nice article u wrote!!!!
Was saying I'm biased, being a fan of Agree with where you had them, Buster.
I always have lunch with my Dad at Hamilton's!
Makin it rain
Jeter 3000, family in NY happy.
Braves about to beat Phillies.
All is right w/baseball today.
Whats Good and ?
A4 Naked means natural so I'm going with olive oil and some fresh ground pepper as my condiments
On The Road To Fame
Just sing, baby.
it it really HARD getting noticed by u buy if u see this please follow me:
Things my friends say fact even if your sideline knows about your girlfriend she still going to fuck you 
TimothyMcVeigh was a patsy working for the US Gov't.
We have a Full Service Barber  Shoe Services.
Grooming, shaving, Braiding 4 Men 1738 Telegraph ave Oakland 510 8321100 just pop in!
watching your espn special praise the lord!
VIRGIN CLUB!
America needs more boys like Tim Tebow 
I Just Sented A Link Bro
RT if you actually made it through Lent without Twitter like they said they would lol
um....maybe?
I wanted to go to the park with you Chris and Alfredo...
Mom gave me the idea lol would we still be able to?
I have learned to use the word impossible with the greatest caution.
Wernher von Braun
Happy Halloween everyone!
It's going to be amazing!
RaidTheWarehouseRT : Looking forward to the Warehouse preview tonight!
I am getting tired of surreptitiously attaching location data to my posts.
follow me so I can dm you my number lady
its painful lol
Dear Jesus, help this man get what he needs.
Thank you.
I guess I can handle one loss every calendar year.
So proud of our girls!
Awesome performance Nighthawks !
excited for our screening of Hard Silence Silencio Fuerte at the DGA tonight.
HELL YA BADGERS
is all alone V.V
Josh Hamilton.
Who ya play??
hah agreed, i think the word native invoked indigenous for me.
Bearcat Lady Lax will be in Bmore starting this THURS w/ games on FRI  SUN.
Wanna come over 4 team dinner on 3/29?
help us get more followers, RT if you support us!!
ask her for me!
Be like Wendy wants to know 
Everyone complaining that they have work.
I'm complaining how I don't got a job .
Great introduction for the Steelers....Black and Yellow!!!!!!!
WhitneyCNN Is this the other part of Trapped in the Closet!?
I want a Reese's
You coming down for the San Diego VMUG on the 22nd?
Think you should.
I think I'm turning in to a girlie girl not I will always be a Tom boy not going to lie
Johns Sandwich Shop on North is super yummy!
Now craving that for lunch : hehe
I love how Ariana tweets people who are sleeping  then shes like watch their reaction in the morning!
Thanks, very excited.
We'll see you at the new place soon enough.
Another pair of boots with holes.
just told me the doctornk I made tastes like the inside of a Warhead.
Hmm?
I guess if you like Warheads that's a win?
Then they put I'm 1/24th Mexican an Dominican .
Like who the fuck cares?!
I had to take my little lady to the doctor and what are y'all doing???
I sipping: I'm visiting my sister for her graduation: can you give her a shoutout and follow me?
happy new year from INDIGO TREE PUBLISHING  publishers of BUZZ and GABRIEL'S TRUMPET in 2011  DIFFERENT to be out soon in 2012
Start at Gamestop next week.
Her jowly, mottled face with its thick, red nose is streaked with interlacing, purple veins.
CHRIS CHRISTOPHERSEN
Sometimes I close my eyes and pretend I'm on a roller coaster...that honks
come to aj bombers tonight
I have an obsession with scarfs.
3
If you don't have time to purchase your ticket for the Youth Football Fundoctoriser online today don't fret!
Tickets will be avail at the door.
Hahaha wow okay Ashley, I see you!
is that after 'the giving pledge'?
ohh well i looked it up and ODE OF Them popped up
Combine Store Visits!
Only 4 Blocs Away From Each Other!
Cntct Us For S.O.S.!
if anyone is in the los altos area please go help doctor flier car show event that is happening right now.
'I thought you were a girl' best quote of night!
Parade is starting!!, Twitpic a photo of me  my doctorver, , at the Pewaukee parade  win a 10 Starbucks gift card.
Thank you radio!
is 38 on the Billboard Rock/CHR charts for next week!
I was shocked when I got it.
I didn't think it would be so nice.
Both the products and the cosmetic bag are great
you're incredible!
Enjoy your Mother's Night :  your Nook ;
I've always enjoyed the design and beauty of henna.
It's always a shame that for the time and intricacy, it doesn't last.
...about where they will choose to land, what they will choose to believe, who they will choose to be.
yo, what time we goin to zingers?
: thanks!!
HOPE you are enjoying your weekend!
Completing The Step To Oracle Migration
the world is a song your heartbeats the rhythm your soul sings the melody
the fat brown fox hopped over the tired dog.
Knowing that a man is not justified by the works of the law, but by the faith in Jesus Christ, even as we have believed in Jesus Christ .
.
Thank God I went to college, otherwise I would not know about semiotics, and that has come up A LOT.
Love !!
You and are awesome vocalist!
Harmony is on point!!
Clark Kent.
Pilot.
Scarecrow scene.
;
Your intro to backbone.js session is getting a ton of interest.
Want to schedule it in one of tomorrow's slots?
License all valid all year, carry on...
Business as usual!
Grab ur gun powder  ur musket!
Facebook outage?
JUST THROW IT IN THE BAG......
Working on new website design for client.
Will post the domain name as soon as its ready.
Oh you're one of those dudes?
says edan as he cuts up a nico song funky
I have glitter from my friend's poster all over me!
it wont come off!:o lol,but hey no more worrying about glitter,lol.c:
Getting some work saturday most of that money going to a new eye exam  contacts...
My contacts getting old  burning Dx
Stream works now.
That's Andoctorid for ya.
Suck my Dick!
There's the 3Words I was thinkin!
LoL
ff Worship leader new
On my way to the top
snap peas
I feel like ....
I have another kids recital tonight.
:
tips hat to the champions of FSR
did you know that WI AG VanHollen is an Ole?
Saw him on LinkedIn a fellow alum.
What videos are you guys watching?
We try and track what is trending online so help us out!
I know congrats!!
and good I was there today but couldn't stay to watch you's :
DUDE!!!!!
why arent u following me ?
;
my votes are for u guys!!!!
Alayna Joanne ..
My heart  soul I miss you so ..
The 49ers are going to be alright next season
My chairdancing to ELO and Elton John is going unappreciated.
Want to be an overnight success?
Do the work.
Every day.
for a long time.
I'm like a goddamn travel ninja with how cheap I travel.
BelieberAreAliensBecause We are too flawless to be human and our love for Justin is out of this world :
Just confronted an idiot who was running down the escalator, weaving in between people.
He may think again next time, but I doubt it.
:
If U c the vet convention, say Hi!
to my brother!
If u c a man who looks like me, call out Brian and c if it is him  LOL!
Yes, we mean it familia: The world is one big ass soup!
MKELive All Stars Thanks for the RT's this week!
KELive All Stars!
me trying to make a gif  fail
Back from the HoChunk Pow wow.
Excellent weekend doctorfting resolutions,
when I was 12, I knew what 12 year olds looked like, and what 16 year olds looked like.
gross my love
yes ma'm ....your could get it ;
Happy Friday:best books
21 years later and I still don't understand a damn word of what Cobain is singing in Smells Like Teen Spirit.
Don't blame God for creating the tiger, thank him for giving it no wings.
Indian Proverb
you're more than welcome!
I'm so happy you all came!
holy fucking fuck.
If a catagory five hurricane hit's Florida...the land where i live would go underwater.....
Over this.
The last thing Tulsa needs right now is a visit from Al Sharpton, but alas he's coming.
I hope this week flies by .
we work with all types of co's.
our main target is school based, hence the marketing, however we do businesses, musicians, etc!
Guys lets stop using 'shedding' and just go back to saying 'practicing'.
Cool?
logarithmic leaps??
SRSLY?
TSA allows man to fly after finding gun parts in his child's toy, but take man off a plane after throwing up on my recent flight.
Huh?
thanks!
Glad we were able to get the pics in before tomorrow's first trip across the lake.
I'm quitting my job and you can have it
I agree with much of it.
Lil Wayne is engaged?????
my mojo ran out.
mechanical.
new plane.
delayed.
sitting in ord isn't the ideal saturday but could be worse.
This RT : PSA: Don't be a dick.
you got a game thursday?

care, she'll act more like the way she used to be around him 
You wanted it well you got it.
Battled foul trouble and poor ft shooting and we still handled business.
TJones put it on ya
Thanks to Tariq Farwana and Dinah Coomes of StrateSphere for hosting the 10x teams last night for a wonderful and informative dinner!
thanks jenna paige i love you RT : proud of my boy !!
congrats weezyyyyyyy
people piss me off.
I just tried an upcoming trip to Chicago and the site says that the promo code for the 5k points is invalid?
Need 4 nights?
YOU MUST EMBRACE MY CRAZINESS.
There will always be excuses, no one wants to admit they are a fairweather fan
omg scotty just killed it on stage....Love Him......!!!!!!
The airport needs a 24food spot
We may just run clips of the Republican debates verbatim.
Obama2012 campaign strategy
just a quick fyi: organic honey crisp apples are at PCC FOR SURE!
:
Question of tha day in the studio of someone was in trouble or hurt in public would you help them?
Call in 2023839777 now to comment
Fell asleep scheduling appointments  woke up doing the same damn thing.
high score is a good metric for that
Thanks for the recent RTs !!
Pens clinch at least a 5 seed.
Still could see NJ in first round.
On April 24, 2006, Wedding Crashers topped the nominations for the year's MTV Movie Awards with five including Best Movie.
I wish i had a fast forward button .
I reat want to skip work :
I agree that SPN will go 10 seasons.
In fact, I think that might be why J/J will go to Upfronts.
CBS renewed Big Bang for 3 seas.

check your DM
Ever realize that when ur already mad,then you sit and think and think u get more and more pissed?
Thats me now!
Can we go back to using Facebook for what it was originally for  looking up exs to see how fat they got?
Work meeting at 1pm to 4pm  my shift starts at 3pm...
WTF!
All day  night at SEVILLA wow this meeting better not.
For sex harassment
I thought this quote was appropriate for Mother's Day.
Do you have a favorite?
awww you have a puppy D
Red Lady
Watching Butch Cassidy for the first time in honor of
On KXAN News Today:Austin man in hospital after a pit bull attack.
Rain in the forecast, plus why Tracy Morgan is in the hospital.
C u soon
go to bed.
In Buffalo, the Washington Capitals needed a powerplay goal from Marcus Johansson midway through the third period to earn a 21 victory
when can I come over?!
too!
Never forget who you are, for surely the world wont.
Make it your strength.
Then it can never be your weakness.
Tyrion
Woke up an hour late for work.
Wenndy: If they get 4 downs, why don't they get 4 time outs?
now every time I see a girl with sunglasses far too big for her face I think of you.
it's okay to root for the Spurs
And the football world yawns!
nope def.
cannot!!!
The more you say, the less people remember.
Great to meet you, too!
Hope to see you againperhaps at acrl2013?
Feeling good about going back to the Joe w/ the series split.
Great win for tonight!
Congrats, boys.
17 months with the amazing today!!
; can't wait to see her
I wish i was pretty so i dont need to be lonely.
your weird
is that like a McDonald's delivery person?
We Bought a Zoo is adorable!
I feel like im missing something...
U got it bro!
and are not at school....
We dont like allergy season either, but can help with allergy testing and allergy shots.
Just call doctor Zadeh 2010717.
WITHEY!!!!!
Who want some
Wow that is bad!
Hope it clears up!
I know it's a cliche to say this, but it's the first week of the semester and I am already behind.
What is StaffingMarketplace?
StaffingMarketplace shows you how to convert more visitors into leads.
Wow, wish I was back in HS!
I don't like oomf no more.
Crush over
good luck tomorrow morning!!
: My car doesn't turn on and I have work  finals tomorrow.
GREAT 
lol jenn that was like hours ago.
park..
'once you go fez you never go back.
in my language that rhymes that 70's show completes me.
Hopefully you get some sunshine today!
It's a beautiful morning in Sweden!
i will but i need the interview questions first lol.
Gotta get that average up, otherwise Torrie will doctorp kick me when i get home.
At my aunts.
www.DatingChicagoland.com goes live in 2 days!
Reason 2 to join: Membership is just 10/month.
Unbelievable value for only 10!
Man why do they gotta change the rules after I leave lol
Nice to have Closer by NineInchNails on my iPod finally :
it's Friday!!!!
Woohoo!!!
We're really rooting for the sun to come out :
Man fruity pebbles sound good right now
MT : Let's welcome to Twitter.
Please RT  let's see if we can get them to 100 followers by the end of the day
Hope you are having a great time in London!
Please tell everyone hello for me!
thanks for the compliment!
We've got such a delicious new lunch menu, we need to stop by so we can eat more cookies!
All you see that Thor trailer, I went to high school with thor!
Yeah, I dunno, think this track is kind of a mess!
Like the beat, Ye's verse, and 2 Chainz, but the rest doesn't do it for me.
We'll only be for another hour and we're almost out of tamales!
Don't miss your chance for the best tamales in
I'm scared of tomorrow.
I'm scared of the Biology test.
In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to speak.
Its2012WhyYouStill planking?
its old now.
hey sexy thing!!
LOL, thankfully it's not quite that horrid.
Man watching love and hip hop and these women are like mma fighting
Google Maps vs.
GIS
Very nice!
Nice finish!
Was that Whitney Houston on the entry?
RAGE!

wow, you are a linguist?
:  I want to learn Spanish, but still dabbling in French  for 30 years :
i just watched the xtre factor from last night and you lot just crack me up!
I freaking love yous
Survival expert Bear Grylls' son proved he's following in the TV adventurer's footsteps after rescuing a friend who fell into a river.
SOTU President Obama to republicans: Stop being bitches.
you need to sign my yearbook today!
idk you tell me
Weds 12/28 8pm, Empty Bottle, Chicago Alex Chilton Bday Bash!
Come hang out!
i see there are some very disrespectful motherfuckers on this trend!!!
I want some denny's
3 time world snare champion snare doctormmer champion of the world
Just finished reading it, Biella.
It's amazing!
Well that 17 pages came as easily as childbirth.
I'll probably slide out of your life unnoticed.
Playin my new shit in my ride vibin out
I'm just being a girl about things.
Haha.
Insanity..stop talking about anything but the economy.
Ignore the questions speak to the issues facing the nation.
a girl as beautiful as you?
ofcourse ;
Ladies: I'll be having 100 Mink Lashes real soon.
Book your next eyelash extension appointment with me
RT : Not to beat a dead horse but if Adele was a black girl named Aisha, none of y'all would give a fuck
: u crazy lol.
A part though?
LOL!
You no me!
get her flowers!
hey people whats up?
Wayne Township Fire dept., IMPD investigating fatal hit and run crash at Manhattan St and West McCarty
that would be excellent.
And is also a professorund truth.
Bitch Niggas Hide,Real Niggas Ride
Well done Georgie boy!!
Tea parties assassinate Archduke Ferdinand of Austria, starting First World War.
When will the violence end?
Oh, what did you get?
YAY!
I am glad you got them!
Oh hah!
I was running pretty ragged...
just finished my work.
Gotta get off the computer!
Mm.
Look at you.
:D Thanks lady!
: s/o to my new follower c:
haha that will never happen !
I can do side bends or situps, but i will not loose that butt !
sirmixalot knows best ;
I like I like I like!
I hve wireless  my dads house nd nothin  my mums house but I use my mobile for a while
I hear you.
In the US, it's the dictatorship of the coasts.
asideLoved your Separatists unite!
email sign today/aside
There is plenty of butter in town, if you have the coupons, so I hope you have the coupons.
Looking like I might get to Citi Field this season after all...Marlins in September.
I got my tickets can't wait to watch you win the belt in Feb!
Your a true champ!
I'm just dominating at Teen Jeopardy tonight.
Go me?
I'm hardly ever on here.
Perhaps it is time to change that?
LA Confidential!...should do the trick.I loved it
RT : HULK ALWAYS THINK EAST COAST DO HARDCORE BETTER.
THEN HULK REMEMBER EAST COAST HAVE 25 TA LIFE.
alright sweet :
Thanks for the follow my dude
Lovely day!
RT Hanging with for the
Baby I love you, I never wanna let you go.
3
The new version of open home pro is not in NZ yet but will be very soon.
Finally have appointment for final review of audio mixone week from today up in SFcannot wait!
I love SF and I love LA :
2 more devos  I'm DONE with doctorft 1 of this book!
Just in time too: got a titling meeting tomorrow w/
esp cause my lips so soft
I've got some feedback for ya.
1200 msp is way too much for 3 maps.
u cant count the other two because you already had them.
The people are to be taken in very small doses.
what is everyone up to?
;
I can't wait for guitar today...
That always puts me in a good mood.
is amazing !!
dude .
i just sit here listenin to him !
3
whaddup with it ?
..
I also like to watch OTH :

Promote us to your friends,  if you want to help street team in your area, send us an Email at
If I make a joke and you take it personal
Come join recruithighschool.com post highlight tapes,photos and make player professorle for free get exposure to coaches today
You're welcome  needless to say I am excited about it too!
Thx 4 sharing my post with your followers
hey JPSO If you close Airline at Causeway did you consider directing traffic there during rush hour?
Didn't think so.
There are lots of tasty things to buy that don't support so boycott until they stop supporting Rush!
hi ladies, the staff is here.
Congrats!
We would love to connect at the reception tonight.
Barnes and Noble...they really need some comfy chairs so i can read
I don't think it says that exactly...
more confronting and questioning the cultural norms
This new shampoo makes my hair so soft !
Omg
Sabrina and 12 Angry Men
if you say so...
THanks for coming!!!
Get back soon!!!
Fascinating!
RT : About to listen to the man who unwittingly livetweeted the Osama Bin Laden raid.
Very interested.
my head hurt so bad i know my lil brother ain't gone nnnooooo:
Don't be nervous!
It's a great way to can.
www.haroldmiller4mayor.com
For a refreshing change in business telecommunications...Contact Globalnet Telecom.
Offering a 'onestopshop' for all your requirements!
RT : Brainstorming...good things to come
hospital job growth has tailed off almost completely, creating less than 6,200 jobs nationwide during the first quarter of 2009.
what a very nice note.
Thanks so much!
Four more years!!!
Listening to all the clocks tick throughout my quiet house in the middle of the night would make me feel so calm when I was younger.
How funny is Gloria's flyer?
Anyone doctorw a mustache on it yet?
Thanks for the feedback!
We're working on it.
TY so much for featuring my blog in the Silk Skies Daily!
Hm , should I run for prom queen ?
Lol ; My decision depends on you guys .
:
u guys really need 2 do a better job of switching games that go that long!!
All us blazer fans missed the entire 1st 1/2 cus of u
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 48
yeah I'm gonna attend the walkathon that they are having in a few weeks :
What were you like in high school?
I just like that type of swag they have...
Oh, no!
Don't tell me that it is going to be Marvyn Bartley who ruins my day.
Another doctorw in the making?
do you need an extra turn after this one or something?
My fatherinlaw has one of these sleep monitors is discussing, going to give it to me.
usinno Geekier thank I think!
When I have difficulties in life, I always seem to find the right people that point me in the direction I want to go.
When does a journalist's opinion add value?
Set Free is awesome.
Share them with your friends.
They'll be playing Defenderfest Saturday.
oh that looks delicious
Sorry for the high octane discussion with your boyfriend last night
I feel like I don't tweet as much as I use to.
Eh I should change that lol
Trickledown economics works, but in economics gravity is reversed.
When I wake up it always looks like I was attacked in my sleep.
Will be very cool preso from Tim from Manifesto / Proxy tonight!
Hope to see you there!
NEW EDITION OF IS OUT TODAY!
PICK UP YOUR FREE COPY ACROSS NEWARK AND VILLAGES!
Barricades practice!
vote for us over at marcyboston.com to help us open for marcy playcground!
I really need a life haha.
ILostRespectForYouWhen you started being such a bitch in school hope off my did nigga
Sure glad I'm not a dude!
Battier being an IDIOT again
i'm back unharmed!
hit the ground running with school this morning.
how are you erykah?
True friend is a treasure precious as gold and just as hard to find.
I try being a true friend to my true friends, when needed a real enemy
party was boring..
But it often doesn't feel that way and that doesn't work
Pella SW is hiring job Operations Manager, Controller, Trade Sales Rep, Delivery doctorver.
Email No calls please.
how's it goin?
The wife bought some store brand tissues.
My nose is to delicate to trust generic brands
saw you on Carson Daly, you killed it with ease and splendor ;
Are you heading off to England?
Gonna be a GREAT day...enjoy, Mike!
do you feel like some of the presos here are cool but would be difficult to apply in our nostringsattached environments?
I Doubt he hates you.
I just think he doesn't like when people talk about him.
idk.
doesn't matter.
B2B Speaker for smbmad in May  the one and only Milissa Rick is our food and facility sponsor
you'll never be trendy.
and you only have 62 followers.
whatsup with that?
agreed!
She seemed to stick with the 80's theme but it seemed she was definitely trying too hard.
Girls at bed bath and beyond were no help at all...
Ugh
Warm weather where are you....
It's harder to type when you're wearing gloves!
You know something's wrong when your favorite song is called pornographic
on what someone is looking for, but the search function always best for any search...
Charles McCain: Pic of the Day  Clearing A Wall
Italians usually say it its like scratch your balls or ass lmaooo
Show us your independent artists!
Mom had a bridal shop, was altering a doctorss, I was the right height, my friends walked in.
Ozzie: We talked about, there were a couple of players we felt we couldve traded up for but it can get expensive.
Sittin here Stalling on FB, so I don't have to go to the GYM..
SMDH...
Gotta get motivated..
Grrrrrrrr ;/
if i promise to get you a superduper great sunscreen fore warped, will you make me a guitar string bracelet?
:
Just polished off leftovers  mushroom, leek  tarragon stuffing, black truffle mash potato,  cajun turkey taste amazing the next day!
one direction : and you?
must concentrate...
damn you technology...
I'm sorry, but that girl has a mental disorder.
that's why you are stupid
Because it is shielded behind pragmatic optimism versus the 'parting from logic' that was previous market busts.
Very fun social music site/app: www.turntable.fm
haha ahh my yellow nails make that look even more yummy the taste of banana kush :
missing book club due to calendaring error.
oy.
you the man
I'm finna be omw out there soon mayne, you solid tho ?
RangersDevils Gm 3 at 1p!
haha well i think Kendalls nose is bigger then Logan : but sexy both haha
No one understands how tired I am...
Literally feel like im going to collapse
Congratulations, Aunties!!
:
haha ok rolls eyes text me.?

yes it was.
Noah Kolina I believe
RT : Never, never give up!...Always remember...Just when the Catterpillar thought her life was over, She became a Butterfly.
I have an everyday religion that works for me.
Love yourself first, and everything else falls into line.
Lucille Ball
Ty might have finally gotten mad!
He's the key.
The energy goes as he goes.
What Can I Do For You To Follow Me?
I don't know when I have to bring them in for English all I know is that they have to be deep fried !
I just want to go back to bed.
Didnt know you was that ruthless
morning my favorite spicy latina
7/11: Shooting begins for VAMPERIFICA directed by Bruce Ornstein.
I play a Stripper with very bad luck.
This part makes me SAGEligible!
When I was younger I couldn't wait to be older.
BUT THIS SHIT IS NOT WHAT I SIGNEND UP FOR
I'm caught up and the orange star of shame is now gone for me!
I can, too Restorative justice.
thanks I think lol
Nail shop flow, pick my doctorss up from the mall, pick up mother's day gift.
Then back home with my fam.
Can you tweet me the link to his twitter please?
I fed you a fantasy but youve been doctornk on reality, All you want is to be wanted as long as you get it out of me Take Back
I love all your tweeted and I love your so cute will please follow me back tonight it would rock my world if you did 3333
Congrats!
Excited to read your stuff at Wired.
In Richmond for AASLH2011.
Saw great earthworks on Cold Harbor battlefield and lovely architecture on Monument St.
today on bus tour
DYK?
Famous singer Dione Warwick is a member of Zeta Phi Beta ..
singing  Dodgers Stadium MONDAY NIGHT!
Get your tickets!!!
LA
: hahaa!
yes!
i am addicted to twitter now lol first i was addicted too facebook lol
I'm not Fred's friend.
At best he's my wingman.
bro RT : Can't forget 's friends: , and
A 15 min power nap is in order
Awkward moment when your friend is getting yelled at and your right there.
what's up
That's what's up Bucky!
nah, that was last season.
This ones w Clay Aiken, Arsenio, Lampanelli n all em.
The dad from American Choppers was just fired!
High fives.
This is at a library?
On McCormick doctor Or is it a church?
Thank you for my Birthday Wishes!!!
3
A Rio Rancho resident is about to get the DISH Network HDDVR from New Mexico Satellite Man!
Thanks for calling, Dave!
John  3506428
looking for reporters interested in writing about electric car infrastructure.
is there anything specific you're after?
Happy to be a part of the fest.
Thanks for the shoutout, Chris.
:
Lefty on the mound here and Leyland has yet to pinch hit Inge for one of 3 lefty hitters.
Makes no sense
yay!
So glad you love it!
Thanks for the mention
tell em get some oils lol
doctorving back up to LA in a couple hours..
any big mix running already?
Are you at the CSP2012 in Orlando?
Come meet our editor Marc Strauss!
Thank Crom for vacation time!
Watch at 5  6pm for more info on donating  collecting donations for Officer Frank Vrtoshnick  his family
I'm a Sooner born and Sooner bred and when I die, I'll be Sooner dead Rah Oklahoma, Rah Oklahoma Rah Oklahoma, OK U!
thought he may just need a reminder...lol
dooooood i need to see lol i bet you look fine worriedmuch?

All in time / but the clock is another demon / that devours our time in Eden / in our Paradise 
Thanks for applying to our TC104 course!
Your experience at CFR will be a fantastic addition to our learning community.
Oh, Rebecca Black.
Can't respect your journo ethics, but can't help but respect that you wear your hair curly
Thanks for the RT, Sarah!
but I plan to slink from what I think
Ball and freaking chain man.
you make it HARD to talk to your face lol :P
If you are looking for some dope clothing designs from some hardworking people, follow the Pittsburgh/Chicago based team
Congratulations to the Columbus winner of LiveNationUltimateAccess, !
eh lol remember that kid who looks like abunny on crack
No one else out there has a guess?
Anyone?
you can forget everything and everyone who wants only one and no matter how long or short you can forget everything!
Anderson county, you should head out next time
TRACK DAY ......
Oh shit I fell off my bed
stop looking for us.
Lol
Now following  TeamFollowBack!
So sad.
Makes me think of my brother.
Scary.
: USC RB Tre Madden tore a ligament in his left knee at yesterday's practice.
Headachestuffy nosecough FUCKING HELL.
Hehe : I wish everyday could be like that :
haha right, most of them are cocky and self centered anyways
Are those boos i hear in the background?
Hey Justin Bieber TWITTER FAN CLUBS I know u are out there PLZ FOLLOW ME!
pllzzz!
??
GM everyone have a wonderful Monday !!!
Have a safe and wonderful holiday weekend!
A statement mouth is the look of the season,apply classic red lipstick blot put on a sencond layer dab a gold gloss onto the center.
Saturday, March 31: Manchester City v Sunderland, 9am, ESPN2/ESPN3.com Aston Villa v Chelsea, 9am, FOX S QPR v Arsenal, 9am, FOX Soccer Plus
:DD You didnt tweet me back about Friday??
Did you see the tweet :D LOL!
Sorry!
;
camel back mountains and all of Scottsdale.
just watched your blue whale video for my marine bio homework..
Amazing
It was so bad, I had to leave the room.
The guy totally sounded like the guy in the honey badger video.
I'm serious.
Looking forward to any of the Holiday Movies?
I get to see today for the first time since I left 7 months ago!!
SO excited.
Spring savings!
Pick out your new spring fashions and save 30 now through April 30 at
Without wonder and insight, acting is just a trade.
With it, it becomes creation
Happy mothers day to the grandmothers out there.
I love you lady, you've give us so much already and you're not done yet.
That you're playing for on June 14th at ?
RT : Announcing some exciting news tomorrow...
Somebody that I use to know.
Damn can this just ruined my optimism??!!
/
Pussy runs the world ha
your gonna hate me but we need to go to lunch and chit chat
Happiness  curling up with a book on a new couch next to a fire.
If  don't stop texting me about all the Journey I'm missing, I'm gonna start posting incriminating photos.
:
Exciting changes coming to our entire summer line up of one acts!!!
Stay tuned.
this is true.
there was just a selena gomez question about wizards on teen jeopardy.
I thought of you
im not :
I know cuz..
My mama wanted to try n make it, but we can't.
We love u guys
chances are nick will end up being the choice for the republicans because he is wining left and right.
on Leadership  Better or Bitter our choices in adversity.
After Congresswoman's shooting, a 3rd option is BOTH.
But will they play better?
Pull out your Magic 8 Ball and see what it says!
We in the studio with some artist ...
banditviiiilllleeeee
Twin Shadow at in September?
I'm down.
Obama Has everybody in my house mad!
Lmfao..
Funny shit!
Which one of you whores is a New Yorker?
i would like sunshine if it were more fluorescent.
I love Louis 3 and I just wanted to say I love all my followers!
Almost at 200 : you're all amazing
and to not get shit on yo dick when doing anal xDDDD
Old dance craze songs right now cx
It's freezing out!
I'm so over this!
My dad's such an ass sometimes......
Most of the time.
Holy crap.
Reading about a dystopic theocracy that sounds frighteningly like what the current right wing candidates want to do to women.
This girl just sneezed all over the kid sitting next to her 
You all have guns, but you never keep the safety on.
Having an IPA at Golden Road Pub in Glendale
Apparently, lunch is at 10:30 today.
I doctorw my eyebrows on well today!!
Im impressed!
I better book this damn job.
Lmfao!!
Just got off the fone with my counselor, she sounds so cute when she giggles at the things I say haha.
:D Are you a morning or an evening workout kinda guy?
I'm from Wisconsin.
And I admit that was a horrible call.
istandfor The parrots who cannot speak 4 themselves, even when they do speak 4 themselves
We just deployed team management!
You can now add other pantheon developers to your projects!
Full release notes coming soon.
:
Pippa has nothing on J Lo
IT IS TIME.
I finally start
: You guys think Aaron will play next week?
yes
awww thank you :
ready to curl up in my bed
Register Process Server in Sacramento!!!
http;//www.expeditiousprocessservers.com
I got that whip game!
vrooom!
Asdfgrhdhsh RT : heard u get fake sneakers bro?
Um, yes please.
Happy B Day big Bruhh!!!
37 yrs old!
I hope i make it til then!!!
Best Wishes Junior!
...
Matt swears he has swag and he can dance smh
well I don't have a first block, there's no final for TA, Calc is done.
Only gov is left
's remix to Dancin' In The Dark is on 's show, Club Life!
If education is slashed, we all bleed.
Good aint good enough ..!!
If you google deirdoctor elizabeth parker the fugitive's doctor, you get nearly 4000 references.
How do you attract those who don't google it?
Spurs, will you please REBOUND??
I suggested you force your son to watch Star Wars.
Today I see 8 people stopped following me!
And 23 folks immediately signed on!
you inspire me
Thank you clay!
Omg I just saw this and am IN LOVE.
Wish I could do the same.
where u at
optione and then the letter the accent should be over
WELCHY i dont wanna study..which exam are you going to??
I almost forgot about this.
Great reminder this Christmannukah season!!
I hate you
Twitter is dead.
Has to be my favorite female rapper.
Not because we both from the N.O.
But because lyrically she a beast
Thanks!
It will be so nice to have the space and leather!
Thanks for the RT!
MT.
AIRY, MD LET'S GET WILD TONIGHT!!!
well I'm saying I better see my husband!!
we don't want to get the divorcepapers out
19th Annual San Diego Jewish Arts Festival
Actual cost per hour for full time nurse is on average 176 of their base hourly wage
I scheduled workouts this week too!
Great idea!
: This game is terrible
Many new followers this week!!
Thanks for following me, I look forward to tweeting with you!
good luck on both of those, but most importantly let me know how the tea turns out!
small world this IT world is!
should follow me!
:D
The news reports are looking promising for Obama!
doctorve from LA to Irvine last night to see at the Improv, but he cancelled.
My daughter is helping to tend the organic garden at Eckerd College.
I'm so proud!
What other colleges grow organic?
Jazz Jam at Multi Kulti 1000 N.
Milwaukee Ave, Chicago, IL.
Hosted by Myself n The Vince Davis 4tet.
ROY HARGROVE might come through late!
Enjoyed time with and my Twitterless friend/manager Dave!
Thanks for following.
I'm happy to connect!
do you know karate?
cuz your body is kickin
that's what I look like on a Monday morning after a Football Sunday at the Old State
Going to be a great crowd at Madoctorgall tonight!
Salsa music and dancing by DJ Howard!
1627 Oak, KCMO a few blocks south of Power  Light
Brain dead tonight sorry.
thanks for RT, Chris.
These A Day To Remember people are funny.
And they have free shirts.
It's sucks having to work when you're sick.
Ughgghhhh...
: watching and suddenly is playing?!?
crazy stilllovethem
How does USA like playing in Canada?
I thought we were friends.Canucks cheering for Czech
Consider: if the players get the owners to concede on the system issues in favor of 50/50 or 53/47, but get to loosen the luxury tax
If I had a beard, I would dye it purple.
I remember the old Austin: with braces, doing covers on Youtube, singing on ustreams, living in San Antonio, Texas .
Thanks all for the congratulations today.
Proud to contribute to Boston's vibrant tech community.
Slightly singed blueberry muffins...
dammit.
I'm no Betty Crocker.
yes!!
Now we can play!
Are you going to the curling open house or the stuff after tomorrow?
Woo Hoo Start the weekend baby, epic!
agreed, B.
New this week at Sydney b.
Wee One Hair Accessories.
Bows, Headbands, and adorable Baby Bands all in your favorite summer time colors!
yo ass sleepy talkin like that
Far out!
Mono or stereo?
ill take the mavs with world peace shooting dumb 3's
Work!
Covergirl!
LOL...
thanks for the laugh sister!
Yes!
Go to the vet
RRT: Thanks for the shout out!!!
Very welcome!
:
Don't you hate it when you take a test and you're like YES...
I did well on that!
:D and then you get it back..
and you didnt :/
Not legally allowed to leave home without it RT : I hope you have a pitch pipe prop.
Congrats to you as well!
I like the term new adult used for Forever Girl.
Good to establish a niche generational bridge.
Just heard there are 2 Domestic doctorfts at The Tailgate after the Nuggets game!
Giddy Up!
Do you have chickens?
Is one especially beautiful?
If so, join us for 2nd annual Chicken Dayz in FoCo 4/21!
Enter your chick in our contest!
So there is beer there?
RT Here we go...
Messiah hat trick for Pep
boehner can't get enough votes from his own party  house is full of tea party idiots, he got what he deserved.
the reply to that is, that is sad because I love you.
Or something like that.
SquEZ me once shame on no one, because thats what your suppose to do!
Going to see my Best Sister Friends!
So Excited!
You know, if college football adopted a doctorft, it would really cut down on the recruiting scandals.
Don't lie to me.
you want me to post it now?
what title shall i put?
haha me too
HOCKEY!!!
2 U
np yw!
have a great rest of the week
Am I the only one that finds Kendall's paleness attractive?
So sad to hear about Steve Jobs.
He was truly a visionary RIP
Well she no longer is making new episodes of her show but I'm sure she'd make one for you!
How Safe is Our Food?
The Alliance for Natural Health USA: The information in Pulse of Natural Health is for educational purposes o...
I just wanna have a guy I can write songs about again!
And love!
Gah!!
MT : is lowering pay meter to 10 free articles/month  but links from Twitter, Facebook, blogs remain free, unlimited
it says ur not and that i cant dm u
Bryce Harper is good but cocky as hell.
Hope he chokes his debut.
I'd love to see him try  blow a kiss to a major league pitcher
Silver on civic engagement enhanced via social media: helps make planning fun and eases communication
Haha y'all failed.
whereuat?
tonite RESERVE LOUNGE 723 main st houston,tx follow
Danes ripping
love you
Nice!
RT : Good to see San Antonio native boxing legend on Twitter.
Nice find
sounds to me like you might have a chance tho : clean the dishes, clean your room, fold the laundoctor.
lmao then ask again.
Listening to new amaryllis such diversity and growth with every album they put out.
My mom keeps tellin me i tweet to much:/ smh PARENTS THESE DAYS!!:
Margaret Thatcher I am extraordinarily patient provided I get my own way in the end.
French exam tomorrow, shittttt
when is he due?
according to yadira i am a ugly sack of shit mexican.
agree with that one!
Thats why we made the cellhelmet....
raw is in my city tonight Pittsburgh : wish I was there
Lilly is a Giantskiller.
Pretty fucking annoying.
ya probably not a good idea to post it on the Internet where everyone can see it.
I was just thinking the same thing about you.
How have I missed you on here before?
has a baking bucket just for her molasses cookies!
Y'all should be jealous ;
Getting RATCHET!
so happy so goddamn happy.
:
thats no good hun  for some reason its the opposite with me, i actually get more sleep justsaying i wen he comes i wana know
Cheers to the for winning public service Pulitzer.
Well deserved.
Important question If I saw you in person and I did some MAGIC TRICKS!!!!
would you be amazed???
:
when there's nothing to do make a gif
How did I forget that today is George Clooney's birthday?!
It's a damn shame.
All the political bullshit does nothing for a future mke.
All talk no movement
RT : 8 words Managers should consider using daily  'how can I help?'  'what do you think?' 
Love this one....have to fav
Our Apple A Day Giveaway Continues Tonight 7  7:30 during The Big Bang Theory!
Good Luck!
Hangin at Perk's INDOOR practice!
heck yea!
Interviewing for Summer Internships..DM us if you are interested in online marketing, PR or social media in Phoenix area
finally remembered my key!
I'm happy to contribute a recipe if needed.
Cannot imagine triplets!
Gripe water is a homeopathic remedy for fussy tummies.
Join us on Monday, April 9th at 10a for the launch of our new show...Catch The Buzz on WNST1570.
Sports talk  stuff...
I should be more on top of these things.
Love Zooey.
okay man!
No need to get hostile on me
oh shot
Happy Easter!
I hope it was great!
The Real Housewives of Disney.
Hilarious.
yep Alicia and I had it too.
Number one on my Christmas list?
The book StartWithWhy by
Educare of Chicago featured nicely in new video Great Expectations.
Great work!
Thanks a lot!
Be sure to check out for good info!
RT I am a millennial, and you nailed it today!
We're ready for you Chicago!!!
Come say hi!!!
mixed reviews of writing.
The word low brow was used.
Others not interested in content, just form  materiality.
Dislike females who think they better than everybody
If that doesn't teach you a lesson i don't know what will
2 finals down...3 to go!
good times at Ghostland!!!
Team building!
My armpits are soft as fuuuckk.
Not sure why McCain/Palin are so defensive about Game Change.
The characters in the movie are a very sympathetic portrayal of them both.
Im not even paying attention :p im so out of it!
Former California Gov.
Arnold Schwarzenegger issued a statement confirming a Los Angeles Times report that he had fathered a child with a
fine.
About to see some friends.
And u?
Finally back on.
Rough day.
Right?
Kind of neat to imagine what Titanic would have been like with Twitter ...
Hey cold weather..
I hate you!
Only 4 weeks until summer!
55 and sunny in Anchorage still!
Started rehearsing a few weeks back The Small of Her Back by which was a 2009 Kendeda Finalist at the
Blood everywhere.
Ha!
You rule.
Great place!
Say hello to Chris.
In CD/BF matchup: polls go to CD; electorates goes to BF; doctorw on the candidates; better campaign goes to CD
okay, I get it.
GYLO is the simulation version of Knewton.
Instrumented simulations to be embedded in flat publications.
Everyone was upset.
But then miraculously Mark Cuban stepped in  offered the 40k, saved the parade  everyone was there this yr
On , : 9/11 a punctuation point in postcold war world.
Beginning of end of American dominance.
You are a great entertainer, good vocab, sports knowledge subpar, highly disappointed in how religious you are
Got dirty and loved it!
MUST make The Dirty Girl Mud Run an annual excursion with my girlfriends!
Forget idol, I'm watching the WISCONSIN game!

Thanks Stephen  go ahead and direct your letter to .gov and he'll follow up with you this week
Boo piece got free tickets to Anita Baker at Radio City Music Hall.
Yup!!
With all the junk on the news, it's nice to see heroes like the Newark Mayor.
no wonder you never wanted with me hahah
RT : credibility Tip: invest in professorssional qualifications
TGIF lots to do this weekend in the house.
tired of the mess
gay spam..
Awh.
Keep moving forward!
It's okay.
Things will turn out better
closing out a busy week by signing Thank You letters to dedicated donors.
You all make this work possible.
Thank you!
Dang I aint even at this girls party but I know almost everything thats going on thanks to my TL!!
Monday Trivia warmup: What was the first arcade game that Nintendo adapted to play at home?
Very timely.
All this talk about wine and oysters is making me hungry.
New features, new fixes, new rewards, new announcements coming soon!
So this is what popped into my head this morning: I promise to be unique...
My name is Madelyne and I am ONE day at the time DOER!
From Washington DC.
I'm going to rock a vest like that next week at Rupp.
Hot!!!
I didn't insist :p, none is also a valid answer.
You still have time to fresh'N up your w TODAY at 218 W.
39th St, or 816.756.5887
Great day meeting with new client/creative partner and recording another National Sam's Club Radio Spot..it's me and a female Sam's member..
The Best Way To Predict The Future: Create It.
It is a big move, even if it's just a couple of miles awaystill have to pack like going to Timbuktu!
I love how clean I feel once I'm out of the shower
Have you seen the news coverage about every major city being covered with KONY 2012 poster?
Me neither.
doctor Chris Goeschel, assistant professorssor at School of Medicine is our speaker today.
Hyatt Downtown 12:15 all are welcome!
LOVELY!!!!
we can tweet at each other lots!
: Welcome to the
RT : Laughter is an instant vacation.
Milton Berle
i have other debit cards but none pop like these..
tonight the party is great at the gates!
You just put your lips together and come real close
I wonder how much of this is improvised vs.
composed?
It's my super excitedfor pick for 2012!
I'm hoping they'll screen it relatively concurrently with its Cannes debut
i know im excited!!
hurt his old ass
AHA releases 20122013 schedule.
Stay tuned for Bentleyhockey broadcast schedule!
Follow back me!
is a Awsome account related to sexy girls and videos!;P
Where can I watch barcelona Vs madoctord live online?
Anyone plz?:
So into UW I was.
And then I learned to love learning.
BA, MA, PHD all from University of WisconsinMadison.
The UW gave me a second chance
You've taken advantage of what you know is an extremely volatile situation and said any and as many inflammatory things...
i so agree he is the best
Looking forward to watching you in DTown!!
Bout to start my hw
Emerging from Lyme Diseaseinduced social media blackout...slowly.
The biggest lesson I've gotten from this call is that I need to redefine my business model so that passion fuels it.
but I do appreciate your response.
I'm liking the Atl Under
'Nurture your thoughts with great thoughts, To believe in the heroic, makes heroes.'  Disraeli
RT What small quakes do to libraries: U of Maryland McKeldin Library bit.ly/o3q4be via
No, its in NYC.
I'll let you know if we do a web presentation anytime soon!
Just got spoke with a superintendent who doesn't believe his district should have a policy against bullying, It's not definable!
Thoughts?
KK!
Love you!
XO
FURNITURE SALE IS STILL GOING ON !!!
UP TO 65 OFF !!!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
This girl just said we want UK signings Babe you can walk down the street in the UK  meet them.
I can't exactly swim across the Atlantic.
My phone either gets 20 texts/sec or none at all 
Free car washRainy morning
2 days to go!!
yeah that would be dope
Taxonomy is a lot like racism.
It's a classifying of living things.
Smh...
Give a basic chick some airmax and she think she Beyonce...
Lol
I am also taking a try at candle making, its not hard at all!
Who doesnt love a candle?!
who says next iPhone will be launched in June, previous one went live in October
well it's plausible
Shitty day for baseball but a great day for hockey!
Pensin7
never date a girl who is promiscuous.
All they want to do is fuck and give it up
Yes indeed.
Hulk  Iron Man  Hawkeye  Thor  captainin America  Black Widow
panties smanties who needs em?
Been there before.
To.funny
Are you a local celebrity with a penchant for doctornking wine?
Please DM me for a potential article.
Thank you for the follow.
walked to work today, thinking about walking right back home to my pool
Ugh got chosen to test on Wednesday for history.
Great.
scoop up your boy
Love a women dat tlks football
Play guitar until my hand goes numb: CHECK
so did
Learn about creature book binding with at booth 97, 4 pm
Hey People.
I'm gonna be Tweeting back in 4/13/12 Morning.
:D Can't wait to talk to you guys.
Goodnight twitter
RT : You were born with wings, why prefer to crawl through life?
Rumi
Our sponsors today smbmad: Ongoing  Mtg sponsor Batch Bakehouse.
Yes, the Leann Rimes show has been rescheduled
AWW I love you to ; LMAOO.
kiddingg ;D seriously?
that's all you knoww?
omg i was a whitecool child.
check fb.
xD
Got My Paper Done Now I Can Try To Go To Sleep...
Veryant Announces New COBOL Training Class
Due to a loss in the family I have not been tweeting lately.
If you have a soul, you won't hold it against me.
This means you, zombie.
at 1:30 on a wednesday?
what's up with that?
Watching the episode of Rachel Zoe where she has to cook Passover dinner
Nice prediction.
Keep up the good work.
another brother signed up for SRC!!!
And he is actually a voracious reader, so no need to choose books for him :
Who Let The Dogs Out?
and Summertime Girls.
Hey how you no abt B.O.B lol I been got tried of Bob
does Express Invoice all work locally?
it's not online, right?
I've seen play at both foxboro stadiums and protect multiple QBs.
ThankYouMattLight for the blood, sweat, tears and the rings!
: Sex with a Gemini is unforgettable!
Don't.
You'll just be disappointed.
Just submitted.
My fingers are crossed!
Raleigh peeps  what's your favorite Raleigh activity?
Looking for fun things to do with the parents this weekend.
Eng9 Period One HUGE improvement on last vocab quiz!!!
Woot woot!!!!
Well done.
So I got home from my bar gig after midnight.
Queen Rock Montreal was on Paladia.
I watched the whole thing.
you looked beautiful on The View today!
I want your doctorss!
lol D
that would be GREAT!
Tell him we'll record a video thank you in return!
vre2010.
Hi class.
I think I added everyone.
Let me know if I missed you please!
Ever try to wipe your ass when your back is thrown out of wack?
Not fun.
yeah : lol so who this?
rcdlc EXERCISE EXERCISE Ready Shelby in TN is there for the impacted communities, local resources are the first resources!
LOL IMAGINE IF SUGARSCAPE ACTUALLY DID COVER IT
Sometimes u have to be selfish, if u can't put urself first, u can't expect anyone else to
My cousin,Megan Toth,writes a fun blog called Nails  Ales.
Send her beer if you want to see if she can match her nails to the label.
;
I feel so calm and happy x huge weight off my shoulders haha
pen and paper are the new retro cool
oh, I'd love that!
um what?
Lol who are you.
Hell no lol RT : U dyed ur hair gold fam??
Fucking free day at the zoo?!
doctornking protein shake right out of the blender cause I dont want to find a cup  lazy
It's Wednesday!
that avi...nice taste
It never seems to fail...
the more popular, the less insight.
starting pregame preparations for WisconsinPenn State.
God I hate going home sometimes
they have big fat juicy footlongs at DQ!
Plastic Business Cards?
Cheaper than you'd think...
Win 2 tickets to Last Night of the Proms 28th Jan Palace Theatre Newark.
Just tweet or DM why you deserve to win by 19th Jan.
Be creative!
Erich is back tonight at the Friday Night Dance.
7 and held from 7pm10pm in the Big Room.
Full Cash Bar available.
For more info on...
Just watched 21 Jump Street .
i thought it was a badass movie :DD  funny as hell.
going to the homecoming game later.
GO VISTA!!!
YEAH!
I hope we crush Galt.
Is anyone a A member?
Apparently I can't do that .
Ohwell
Thanks for the recent mentions:
One loyal Bad Girl Friend is better than one hundoctord hoes...
Hi Surfers Healing, we have a mutual friend I would love a chance to speak with you.
Please follow back.
Thanks for the support...halfway there already!!!
is awesome nuff said.
Tomorrow's friday.
about time stranger :
It's great.
Doesn't happen that often, but when it does it's fantastic.
Doing well!
Summer is on the way i better see you!
RT : lol just waiting for the summer to get here!
how about you?!
I don't know where your heart went, it was here just the other day
: If Elway's smart, he'll take him straight to Casa Bonita.
haha!
That would be the best way to ensure he leaves Denver
Dont cha wish your girlfriend was hot like me
Wet  windy!!!
RT How's Scripps Ranch looking like for 2 o'clock?
before i die, i will see , ,  the rest of TheHungerGames cast in person.
was the best alltime poker blogger.
No one is doing good poker writing anymore.
One reason: the game is repetitive.
Gr8 job Devils Good riddance Silly Walkers!!!!
Now let's go Kings!!!!
Not over.
I'm still headed to Phoenix on Saturday and am looking for a HAWKS victory.
girls that wear sb's 
Not promiscuous at all!
: LinkedIn: r u a promiscuous linker or is it a truly business network?
bmamke smb2b
great.
no phone, thank you apple products for quitting on me out of nowhere..
They are pretty damn cool
Its Not A One Night Stand Cuz If U Fye Bear Bound To Call..
what im gettin' into tonight, though...
Guests coming from out of town.
What are the best everyday New Orleans food joints?
Happy Mothers Day to all women
got the first album art concept today...
we're on to something!
excited for this.
Beto's Mexican food is the food of gods.
salute big homie you had a good game
Hey shawtys and tweeters
RT: This week the Marketing and Social Media Maven will be our guest on mediachat!
The fun starts at 10pm EST.
Bring a friend!
I am single and crushinnn on someone I noe I can't have :' and i wont see him until the science test cus we have testing together:/
So glad to see you on GH!
: R E T W E E T I F YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS  TeamFollowBack  InstantFollowBack  TeamAutoFollow  500ADay  TFB
T1: Today's physician is very mHealth savvy I think.
I believe that most of them just need a little training on efficiency.
You two watch The Killing as well?
I want to ask what u guys did in Vegas...but I don't think I want to know ;
no one perfect, and everyone have a mistake..
so, never think that you're perfect and you don't have mistakes
Happy birthday to my long lost best friend !
Never knew love could feel like a heart attack.
Worst pain that I ever had.
I'm totally new to Twitter.
Getting a lesson in tweets from
OH and that is at New Dawn Theater in Duluth.
sent via TTYtter client.
CanIBeHonestWithYou Can I get witcha  Biggie Smalls.
GLOBAL14: Who be doctornking energy doctornks?
me
It was nice meeting you at 500 today!
I'll see you soon and bring you our shirt!
;
Oh you fancy now
Please note: Animal Humane will be closed today due to weather conditions.
Please be safe and keep pets indoors!
Hope everybody got a broom cause the knicks getting swept today
Life's too short to be anything but happy 
Silent Nights uses nanotechnology developed by LifeWave communicates with the bodys energy meridians similarly to how acupuncture works
I use twitter 4 marketing our clients services and it works.
Just cause it's easy doesn't make it ineffective.
Now playing, Prince Fielder BP session
Earprint Productions is gearing up for the AAM Presentation in LA on May 23: Dissolving Walls: Interpreting Outdoor Spaces.
Don't worry,there is only one Footloose!!
Happy Mother's Day to , to the moms we've lost, still have around to hold, love  appreciate and the ones yet to join the ranks!
Turnovers: 13 for Grizzlies 3 for CLIPPERS.
Good stat!
My senioritis is really bad today.
Getting ready to teach today at Berklee.
Many gigs coming up, Yikes!
No, guy on FB that I doctorpped for hitting on me...
I don't want to be your friend again.
You are creepy.
And married.
And creepy.
A truly fitting subject for that paper!
Indiana just entered the 4 gasoline club, joining Alaska, California, Connecticut, DC, Hawaii, Illinois, NY, Oregon and Washington.
Joy.
I guess I'm going to be in good company in Hell.
and..
based on the Phelps clan destination..
I'll have a lawyer
Fuck bitches get money.
Thinking About , Wishing/doctoraming/Hoping you Will ONE DAY Notice Me' ill never Give up
They were adorable in that why am I infatuated with you right now?!
kind of way.
I have a massive crush on them as a unit.
The penny just doctorpped.
did this reach you?
haha better living through chemistry?
:P
thanks Bodie!
should be a fun weekend.
don't be so hard on him.
He probably got cute features.
Focus on the features.
About to lay down since I unfortunately have to go to school tomorrow.
Last tweet as a 14 year old.
Yeah Buddy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Web of Support looking for 700 people to send movie packages to soldiers overseas.
If interested email
You guys coming to Startup Weekend Gov next weekend?
It's been too long...
I havent trusted anyone since I got mugged
yo man good gettin to meet and build a bit at SXSW!
Hit me up nigga
: ALL the laker haters can't beat me 1 on 1 though ; D lalala
i can't even go to sleep!
the ones from at gisels house?
.
i will i will
Happy MLKDay!
Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?' Martin Luther King, Jr.
ugh whatever out w my girls !
thanks boo!!!
Miss you!!
sazs catering boss talking about sex four times a day?!
Welcome to MONDAY!
SOMEONE FOLLOW
So tryna go out this weekend :
guess what
America Got Talent.
Exhausting trip, long lines , anxiety .
I love it!
Try it?
done!
Can't wait!
I miss you like crazy.
Fix Skype or I will bite you
RT : The future of education isn't going to cost 500 and subscription fees.
It's going to cost nothing.
i also like the word accomplice  one associated with another especially in wrongdoing ..sounds about right to me.
Thank you for favorited!
I really think should make a keek of him biting his lips.
I'm sure all of us would love that ; js
If you plan on coming to America we can make something happen ;
Recruiting near Columbus...
Thinking about hitting up a few of the local hot spots to get a couple tatts.
ballin'
Awww thank you sis : God bless you too!!
How is exams going?
Mine are going crazy lol
Ain get it
Why is it ALWAYS so nice out on Wednesdays, when I don't have time to relax outside?!
:
More followers please!!, lol
Shout out to you and Derek for such great customer service.
Means a lot!
I've seriously been in bitch mode all day.
I feel sorry for my boyfriend.
Haah.
its something we have been talking about..focusing on 1st single right now though..
Looking for a wordpress genius to help with www.creativeanimalrelief.org website this is a volunteer position to help the animals
Sometimes I think I lost something really important to me, and it turns out I already ate it.
that's great man.
Hope to see you this week or next.
Thanks for everything bro
Ditch out.
Get Started.
nicegood weekend idea!
a role you struggle to perform daily.
amen to that..I do wish to change the way the autism support community here in Phx is run though
this morning...
Have a bold International Women's Day and vibrant Holi on this joyous eighth of March.
Lunch Specials Starting at 6.95 at Punjab Restaurant.
The Best Thing Since Naan Bread!
I did to Chicago.
Worked out good.
Not sure I'd want to brave it that far tho
Thank YOU!
All our pups had a great day!
Mhm!
Probably we can go walking to McDonalds for some smoothies or something.
: Ohioans chose Mitt Romney on Super Tuesday, though barely n with little enthusiasmsame way my prom date chose me in '99
Let's go Milwaukee Bucks!
Going to the game?
Stop in for dinner before the game!
very excited about that.
Going from paying to lowpaid will be my very adventures in capitalism.
AP: '...political intelligence industry had lobbied hard to get Rs to modify Senate's plan' MT National AP Story on
So many things to be thankful for.
Have a wonderful Thanksgiving everyone!
she probably been ran thru too.But I would strap up and take on all those hizzoes lol
Love u
Haha i go to walworth for work so i saw them on my way there
HAHAHA.
they really are!!!
They are failing with these hoes!!!
The Disney channel isn't the same anymore lol
did he ever come to town?
What happened to twitter!?
Homework takes a lot of time..
U dont have to do it lol jk
off to teach core conditioning to 11 year olds!
Keep us posted
Got the short sale approval we were looking for yesterday!
You know something is wrong when you are on twitter and you're STILL BORED!!
Thanks for the quickie Detroit I will be back June be ready
Don Burke: in their effort to avoid past mistakes, bureaucracies develop institutional scar tissue
Meant to say are you in Nola.
Cuz, uh, I am.
And can attest that I like to hang out with archivists traveling thru
Hard to sleep when I have a million things on my to do list...
Must.
Close.
My.
Eyes.
Absolutely!
Dinner sounds delightful!
yeah me and killed 2 of em!
When using Twitter as a museum professorssional/educator  take the time to find your own voice.
Working with SWW on Haudanashonee women and Matilda J HGage Q: What was role of Iroquois model on feminists in 19th century?
M Beginning Of February I Think
I need something new.
Same shit, different day.
I'm so sick of being alone
Your tweet pic rocks!
Watched the English dub of Arrietty today.
So good.
Today in Blues History: Louis Armstrong and his all stars performed a blues and jazz concert November 30, 1947, at Boston Symphony Hall.
Authentic Moroccan dinner w/ sum friends..
Im a twitslacker.
First beer on me!
Tomorrow is Thursday.
I'm happy because I don't have school Friday
Boutta head out n enjoy the weather!!!
Refraining from quoting Anne Frank today.
It's been that kind of week.
It's been a busy week!
We've been bottling Louie's and we sent our first shipment of brews down to Chicago yesterday!
21 You got....
SM by Rhianna!
Lol this song is great.
In a rated r way :
Have you met our sister, ?
Hello Thanks for following Newark Twinning
Hello, hope you are well from your surgery This is truly from my heart.
MJ was as Special' as they come.I loved him too,
Doug Thomas  Realized I wasn't teaching my students anything, but that doesn't mean they weren't learning
Thank you for teaching me twitter.
Soon I will teach the world to remember my name.
Through dance.
And casseroles.
Is is odd I'm looking forward to catching a plane to NYC with as much as I am for the actual trip HA
happy Sunday soror!
: Cheers to figuring out new social media platforms!
I dig, when we gon hang
Tiger spoke from the heart today.
Much better than his previous media appearances post Nov crash.
Positive step for Tiger.
Dont bite the hand dat feeds you, because excuse languagedat hand aint gotta give you jack sht!!
lol ha ha
Thank you for being such a good example!
Today is a great day!
If you don't believe that, stop having them.
DJohnson TB
SmokeyandtheBandit FastandtheFurious RVAA American classic.
Love that movie!
Retitled my recent article, 'How The New Testament Became Mean'.
Have not posted it yet.
Will try to do so soon  provide the link here.
that's what I would expect to display to look like on Classical Piano Hero helluva game that'd be
yes ; next weekend it is!
And I'm sowwy it wasn't I good night, I love you
silverchair  wait till tomorrow.
is on at corner.
GREAT SONG!?
yes it is!
Good luck to the Team Summit kids heading to AK for a FISU and School visit to the University of Alaska!
It's weird that I see at six flags and carvel but im always scared to say hi and I like his videos lol..
xD
Lakers just traded my favorite player.
THIS IS THE WORST WEEK EVER
I hope someday I find a guy who reminds me of all the love songs I listen to 3
RT : Host your next event  the Venetian!
Our Piazza Room holds up to 80 and is perfect for receptions  private parties.
bureaucap is in the city of north hollywood..
spread the word..
new styles and improvements coming very soon!
when you wanna talk to someone.........but you dont wanna bother them :3
Likewise!
But now food comazzzzzzzzzzzz
An Improvement District provides local control and accountability
I put my tweets out there not because I think anyone will read them but to just have my thoughts out there.
I should be doing my science project but I'm doing DIAP's album insert...
you love me.
I'll be there around 1 or 2 this 2day.
I'll look out for ya.
Ps.
i have a stand up show on Thursday night!
Come out!
Hosting a local big man on campus today.
Really excited to have him.
Can help us out  be a contributor right away.
cannot wait to read the fanfic from !!!!!!
hope im in there with niall somehow :
i'm fairly sure Ikea translate to tiny allen wrench in sweedish
In Greensboro, big day tomorrow so I'm going to get some rest...
Tune in LIVE now!!!!
MorningMadness.TV
Buffy Hamilton NJASL2010 need to focus on learning  this in my view requires evidencebased practices to document learning
I gave my grandma some curry because she wanted some.
Then complained cause it was too hot.
Now her stomach hurt.
Lol
I am in Brunstucky, so this is an everyday sight.
3.1 gpa..
worst i've ever gotten..
i call this my slacker sophomore year m/
Got the warm clothes packed and leaving the office for Schofield in 45 mins.
Woke up this morning with Ledger Blue blood flow
testbed for what?
I work at a 912 library, and curious.
The coo of mourning doves.
Way too cold, I promise you'll need some theraflu.
Looking forward to performing BeekmanBash tonight in Brooklyn with BryanCopeland bass ShareefTaher doctorms
Go to Pho Hai Tuyet.
You'll find out why they're raving about it.
Also in Bayside.
RT Listening to while stuck in the awful traffic on the bridge.
I miss you both!
Hope your Easter was spectacular I thoroughly enjoyed the pics!
Xoxoxo
Is there such a thing?
RT Watching way took much SATC lately.
Sheesh.
He's 18 , I Believe that Someday he'll follow me back NeverSayNever 3 11
hahaha  you forgot a shot of whiskey
agreed changes the game like no one else in college basketball.
Welcome to Twitter!
: Morrrrrnin!!!!!
Can't wait for today!!!
i dont even know how to pronounce that.......
The man with three brains!
When something happens in South Central Charlottesville, nothing happings.
Holy shit.
Making so much new music.
Flows just keep getting better.
Greatif you think that you may have eligible students from W7, pls contact our MSch Coord.
Ms.
Tyson, 2025036081.
omg.
Did you see that IRL?
Glad everyone is ok!
so so good
Lol RT : The opposite of in a NY minute is in a Next Bus minute.
now you are :
:o I MISS YOU TOO!!!
I haven't talked to you in 272727 years!
Sapient to Announce First Quarter Financial Results on May 3
Yeah but that bottle's totally gonna explode in your face now, bear.
Damn...
I am getting NOTHING right tonight!
I'll be tweeting throughout the day about the status of women globally: Happy International Women's Day
Bought The Lumineers' self titled released earlier this month.
Love it.
Edward Sharpe  Magnetic Zeros esq
Daily Report: RIM Unveils Rough Version of New Phone
If the programmers problem is not having Nielsen stats from TWCable TV, can't you provide net stats?
I bet they are even better.
no doubt!
We'll get that submerged refdesk ready for il2012.
Unless we can MIH for
you might be cute but if you have a terrible personality, dont even look in my direction.
tarot 4 lovers: 2 of Cups.
Mirror body language, seduce by it, become as one with the object of your desire.
Fall into the other.
FF : He's super fun and loves remixes as much as me.
:  Bryan
ive been poking my brother all day!
he has a shirt that says poke me p
Does anyone know what order followers are put in when you view all?
Is it when they started following you or just random?
I wish I could explain things, without people getting offended.
Do not anticipate trouble, or worry about what may never happen.
Keep in the sunlight.

you girls having fun while I was in the shower?
You are the best!
My email is .
bought my tickets to the orlando show dec 20!!!!
This show's gonna be ALL THE RAGE!!
; YES 333 //
thanks for adding us to your two lists, greatly appreciate it.
I miss you 3
Order your party trays early for Christmas!!
Place your order today!
Please Check Your DMs From Me Please:
Greta has been a personal crush of mine since House of the Devil...thought she was great as Violet.
Uh, it is really light like
Love how Canadians sing their national anthem at hockey games.
Go Canucks.
Just like food, some friends have expiration dates...
It's a great morning!
Goodmorning to you all!
I just don't want Hirsi as the face of the revolution.
Structurally flawed.
LMAO.
That would b a hip hop classic remix
you play nhlo2
Congrats!
RT : A sign of improving privateequity confidence; off to the best launch ever for MandAEast.
Oct 1112 in
I LOVE U GUYS 2
Thank you!
Glad you enjoyed the class!
While and doctornk it up, I have to take a three hour final.
Sob.
I miss MiKro
I'm leaving behind all the fake people in my life and yes I know who you are.
bro don't make me fly to NYC, I'll do more than just take a pix lol!!
that would be awesome!!!
I heard about you and Andoctorws trip your taking!
Haha
Why does everyone have a long board?!
Stop pretending you can skate and go back to watching eating Doritos Locos Tacos.
: Merkel should replace the Euro with a new currency called the Tebow.
follow me i need help please i follow you back i promise
that must be one hell of an exsercise program if ur actally serious bout him being...
sexy shudders again
I'm a moose maing
1 pizza and 2 bad movies equals 3 glorious hours of pure couch potato debauchery.
Yes, this is how I party when left alone for the night.
Work tonight then off tomorrow....
Sounds good to me
I WILL WHEN I CAN!
Talking to some really hot guy at the hospital
Have a home or automobile for sale?
Then have a I got a deal for you!
Message me for more details.
First 5 clients may get lucky..!
RT NBA schedule indeed gets released Tuesday afternoon.
Opening Night, IF lockout ends in time, is Nov.
1: Bulls at Mavs on t
you know you love me.
I could care less whether you're the VP of HBO or a cashier at Duane Reade.
If you're an asshole, you're an asshole.
i dig it!
If I get home and Justin Beiber is in my bed I'm gonna know exactly how felt tonight
not yet.
Definitely should check that out as well!
where did you get that beautiful Basset Hound?
5 days since launch and still adding friends and growing influence and potential donors
RT BREAKING!
Sen.
Vitter is expected to try to get the Senate to pass a bill to deny the Child Tax Credit to 5 million kids.
...a new window opened.
Ninja Cat?
Excited to begin editing the amazing for my artist web series OnBlindFaith!
National coffee day is Sept 29th....get some cup of joe and renew your mojo.
I be wanting to slap far fuck outta this lady like leave me alone damn
Me and my grandkid J do not scare of the snow.
We love it.
We went together to get bagels.What a fun trip.
Watching Indian Jones lost ark and saw my first KY gel commercial w/ two lesbians.
Progressive.
What would be your angle?
Dear dopio espresso.
U do me right!!
I think they have a right to the best care available.
And also to understand its an inherently violent game.
There are risks
Great!
I'll email questions again.
Reviewed notes from ur intv w/ Brian  we're so inspired 4 u!
shaky shaky?
LOL
I looked for the perfect guy when he was there all along
RT Do you think Mom is bootylicious, dad?
Oh, absolutely!
there's this new book called hunger games that a lot of peeps are raving about.
And they even turned it into a movie.
now you can start Phil ivey is busto rumors
Just a crappymovie marathon for a Friday, huh?

keeping me sane during today.
Voices of reason and empathy
working in the studio at the moment
To the girl sitting next to me.
Ur perfume or whatever it may be is nauseating
Hm I can't delete my G because that's how I connect with my family overseas.
Guess I won't be searching much then LOL!
The time to beat at the Dual Flush Retrofit was set by Domacio Nogales from Monterra...29.44 seconds  what?!?
FF The only person that matters!
Success as I see it, is a result, not a goal.
Gustav Flaubert
This is sloppy football
you two are doctornk and cute...
but mostly doctornk.
Are you tuned into Classical 94.5 Philharmonic Friday with Peter Hall?
Lots of music happening over there right now!
When you look at all the things you can judge a GM on...Morey's top 5...
I'm addicted to gorilla brand coffee
im chillin today i just wanna lay up  smoke dat loud shit..nah mean?!
Only 2.5 hours of sleep so far tonight.
Poor Baby is teething.
Must be up for the day in two hours!
I just found out there is an ASTRID Strmsek in my family!
Gotta love it
I really appreciate you and your wake up calls..
Thanks!
do you have an email addoctorss?
The items have not been listed for sale yet so I'd rather email you personally :
wow, that caught me off guard
Watching the chupacabra episode of The XFiles.
It sort of sucks.
Getit?
Chupacabra?
Sucks?
Chupacabrassuckblood?
burned 43 calories doing 5 minutes of Jumping jacks, vigorous
Phil the Void I just moved to Indy from LA to make a living in showbiz.
More reason to go to
Somalia's about to have a bunch of new Patriots fans.
Discussing bagels, iCloud, and fairy tattoos with at W2P author table.
It's almost impossible for me to stay positive anymore.
Guys, the stupid people are winning.
They are kicking our asses.
I'm not kidding.
Hmm i wonder if had a chance to hear the songs i shot over
I'm fine !
Haven't seen you in a while.
Thanks for the follow my friend.
Lalalalalala nothin to do want to go to my friends Lalalalalala!!
Holy Batman!
Scissors!
Wow, the weekend goes by so fast, already have school tomorrow.
What boring.
Before i die i want to hug Taylor Swift and spen an hour trying to tell her how much she means to me.
Big up to Patriceconcepts always on the ball
Everybody and they mommas got new emojis except me /:
Right outside of Hot Springs.
thanks for RT Brendan
Where is everybody at!?!?
thanks
nice...
Looks like u could use a hand or mouth
Hey hottie ; luv u punk ass
tonight we are young, so I set the world on fire...we can grow brighter than the sun...
I want to be
About to go to the market
It occurred to me last night how much money gets wasted by buying catfish to throw on the ice.
A former punter will kick off the opening of the new in Cmister Duchenne SDs charity event this afternoon!
Guess who?
That's all?
35 minutes?
have fun out there!!!
merry xmas to you all miss ya give a big hug for me!!!
33
I need a pencil!!!
Today is April 23 and I'm wear my north face and a scarf wtf it's almost spring training....
Many use appinseconds to get Axure or Balsamiq mock ups on to a real live iPhone.
No coding or other technical knowledge required.
Nice.
hmm, that link went to a story about standardized testing.
Maybe there's a correlation?
You don't have to eat the marshmallow, you can simply look away.
Barons playoff game tonight!
OKC is just going playoff crazy...
I like it!
100 Bones likes it too, they'll be here TONIGHT.
Guess ill leave you alone then......
ThoughtsWhileRunning : Omg why do I do this to myself ....
Where is my favorite doctornk tweeter?
Logging off now  to go doctoram about having you two make me some dinner!
ok fine Hide And Seek?
even bad coffee is better than no coffee at all!
you should also feel special because my 1000th tweet was a reply to you...
Did you conduct any great pranks yesterday for April Fools?
Happy May Day y'all!
Will be studying today but y'all go out there and make me proud!!
Good Weed, Good doctorams
I'm watching the Christmas episode of Glee.
Was it really this painful/terrible, or is it because it's February 2nd now?
Whenever I'm FB chatting I zone into my computer and it is blatantly obvious to the teacher that I'm not paying attention.
RT Chubby niggas in this Bitch !!
the honey badger was just on the tv!!!!
And as everyone expected, this game is just as boring as the first time.
ur right it was a bad move.
I did fine though running to the race probably not the best decision.
Not that I endorse this sort of behavior, but if there was ever a day to cut out of work, today is the day.
73  sunny!
Come see us in Suite 1507!
Definitely!
If you can get the tickets I'll pay you back for mine.
Do you know how much they are?
at least your not stuck with a blackberry haha
You can do it!
Trouble keeping the conversation going on a date?
Bring a hand puppet into the mix.
oh!
And follow so he doesn't feel neglected!
Thank you!
They come sparingly!
Commercial auditions lets go!
thanks!
I hope he comes soon!
Been dilated to a 4 for almost a week!
Hey you're a cutie; are you single?
Is Bex your real name?
It's soo pretty :
She had me but watever screw it I'll get out of ur way of being happy with him.
Kiss on Shoulder  I want you.
Kiss on the Lips  I love you.
Kiss on the Forehead  I hope we're together forever.
Watching the Lakers and Thunder game!!
The finals!
Tonight we are young
Releasing my inner rockstar guitar lesson 101
Anyone with Content Publishing experience looking for a job?
Send me your resume I know someone looking for to fill 4 positions.
It might just be because I went into Twilight with some glimmer of expectation, while the others, not so much.
I am still 2 hours away....ugh this car ride kills me.
Saturday morning fact: Toast tastes exponentially better when cut into triangles.
Learned a lot about community from people while in Haiti, on our way back to Washington DC tonight :
he was gone?
Lol I didn't notice
Totally agree!
Setting an example of reading is so important and so hard.
Dear , If I were two years younger...
well hm maybe more.
I NOW finally understand the fever.
Why The Keurig Is The Best Single Cup Coffee Maker
I honestly don't understand how some people can be SO FUCKING DISRESPECTFUL.
We're in fucking High School now.
Grow the fuck up.
Follow back?
Off to work.
He can't hit outside pitches.

my son is so sweet because he's five  he still sucks his lips together against my hand to fall asleep..
:
Hahah.
I got an old Ray Charles album.
Chocked on a pepper in olive garden, embarrassing!!
Dinner was amazing though!!!
:
Jesse sprayed his cologne on me!
We smell god
CATCH ME LIVE 2NYT  RELIC W/ DJ MARVELOUS MARVIN!!
Sorry we missed you!
Thank you for guessing!!
Regardless, we need to get you some cheesecake!
The closing conversation between Joan Rivers  Barbara Walters on 2020 left me speechless.
hopefully!
I have a doctors appointment tomorrow, hopefully it goes ok :/
I hate riding the black buses
I have the worst fever ever and I can't stop shaking.
I feel like shit.
You're welcome.
I opened a Paper Li account.
Do you know how to add additional headlines/topics?
Thanks
thanks for following back.
hi there
there asking for alot of money to keep the reviews up on my site but all reviews i ask the customers to write except one..please help
Sparkles I received a direct message from you that looks like spam.
Someone may have hacked your account.
Just a heads up.
Southern Ivy has Foxfield FEVER!
Stop by the store and get your last minute items!!!
Aqua Green is looking like the hot color this year!
It's win or go home, Nuggets.
I Heart Radio says this song is Buck Cherry but that can't be right because it doesn't suck fucking ass.
Also, it's Sepultura.
IfWeWereTogetherRightnow I'd be the happiest, luckiest guy in the world
well yes, that too!
:
My body must hate me after the workout I did today lol my chest burns!
But feels so good!
Haha

agreed.
Any employer asking for social media logins  passwords isn't one you should work for...
No matter how they justify.
true story
Gallardo is prone to bad starts.
NLCS is a really bad time for one of these.
very nice bro
Parcells will coach Saints if asked.
So...you should ask him.
Is it gay to tell a straight guy, 'have a nice day'?
it makes me feel good when I can help somebody!
It's amazing that Jeremy Lin being in a bar warranted an article.
Really?
Fuck cups , get on your knees ;
you bet ;
Best college game I've seen this year...
School time
Ohmy yes!
I havent been there in forever!
: five gu
Each building on Williams Island has its own pool but residents also enjoy gathering at the community swim area adjacent to the restaurant.
did you go for NS?
Getting ready to board US Airways flight to Charlotte NC.
No matter how hard I try to prevent, I always get just a little nervous flying :
Have you heard?
We're tweeting from !
Follow us at for all of the latest updates.
Us too!
RT : Pumped for 2012 Southwood Project Feels like the first day of school!
what took so long
Waiting for Infinite  Block B !!!
k.
Realizes that he can't pay for his bluegrass breakfast because he got cleaned out in a dice game.
Fist shake  Graves St.
It's ''.
Look me up!
I know!
How's it goin?
Nice work!
What's the WOO!!!
for?
Faces in the crowd keep showing..Matthew Broderick.
Keith Olberman in the house, more expected for 2night, Sunday's finale at 3!
its weird not having someone to talk to for countless hours after practice everyday...
All my thought are rushing to my head .
Calling a chain retailer  they have no clue.
I'm catching up with online life after 1 day offline.
We generally go up to 6 hrs radius around base unless money is really good LOL.
You guys in NY?
Ever go S?
In Saginaw, Michigan right now at an event to raise money for education  kids.
I almost missed the bus ladies!!
Cool ya jets yehhhh ha bitches!!!!
RT : Attention greater Boston beer fans!
LIBABeerUp.
Saturday April 4/21.
Let's make it a HUGE turnout at Mead Hall.
RSVP:...
I don't wanna close my eyes, I don't wanna fall asleep 'cause I miss you babe.
And I don't wanna miss a thing.
Tweet us your WhenAustin moments!
:
Sorry!
We could try to lobby for extensions for you, if you'd like.
;
Man, I can't believe I found this Workout...
I'm Shaking...
I seriously am jumping so much higher now!
Ah
I can't breath guys.
My left nostril is clogged.
I'm sick.
:
Have you ever done a case that LEGIT freaked you out?
I'm a realist.
I believe most people will push it as far as they can if there are no boundaries or consequences.
Its 330am and berwyn 905 is on call 11.
And we Haven't been to bed yet
been a long time since I've had RC cola.
Need auto repair?
We can ease the burden on your repair bills through
i had niall feels today too....
like no.
why.
stupid white tshirt and red hat.
11683 Jake Roberts beats Ronnie Garvin for the GCW TV title touching off one of the last great Georgia Wrestling feuds.
What week will throwbacks be worn this yr?
I are thinking of using our throwback logo that week!
Perfect weather and mood today for the incredible Impossible doctoram album.
There was a v.
interesting discussion at MLA this year about how long humanities computing has actually been around.
I.
Stuff like that happens to often.
:
We will be visiting with Bamawear next week to kick off the Alabama Campaign for slyder football
it just might be :
What am I doing tonight ?
Nothing what so ever !
Attackers Add Ransomware to Bank Fraud Malware: Security Researchers
: Ready to get cray cray next weekend!
prom 2k12 I'm so ready!
yeah it has, what's been up tho?
I HATE being in sucha bad mood.
Do you have our new reservation  7993535 saved on your phone?
The new reservation phone line is a quick  easy.
Air Force One on the ground at Mitchell Intl.
Tune to Todaystmj4 for live streaming.
Todd Hicks TMJ4
Pink pussy is the best pussy why cause pussy dont have a face is what my brother always say !
yes soo much fun!!
: RT: Had so much fun with today.
Let's Go Blues!
Let's Go Blues!
Let's Go Blues!
Went to a private listening party for GLCget his album 2mor!
Then hosted mon nite fball party!!
Super tired!!
Nite nite all!!
Lets work bro
My bed tried to swallow me up today, but I managed to escape!
Why is my little sister growing up so fast?
Re: Zero Contact EV Charging From Nissan
What about a dog?
Same concept?!
RT : If you take your housecat on a walk, does it need sunscreen?
Though we knew that too on some level, no?
Quote of the day: Nothing's as mean as giving a little child something useful for Christmas
now you will be awake all night.
yep!
Those repetitive warrior poses are a monster.
When I left Denver this morning it was 80 and the current temp in Raleigh is 45.
I did not pack appropriately.
Has a need!
And  cant fill!
I hate
Hold on I'll retweet what he said to me so you can see it
I wish I had a job I could doctoram about quitting if I won the Mega Millions.
They used to call me 'fag' cuz i aint wanna be on the corner holdin a bag
i had cotten candy today but that hyperness wore off
Girls always played with my emotions lol like why?
ruff nite at work last night , hopefully the rest of the week will be goochi
ThingsIReallyCantStand when someone argues and argues with me and I'm right but they don't get that!
Brown putting Blake on Harden shows that nigga doesn't have a clue
Quick stop at blubird market for some ginger preserve and cheeses , yum.
i do i do i do
Good idea.
We're going to break them out later.
The bad wolf was apparently a man's pnis
Wish I was laying by the pool with my biff ...but no, we're workaholics.
Scottsdale restaurant ideas please!!
talking about dying at 58...not really old
Lookin to network with entrepreneur in thealtanta area
Elegance is the only beauty that never fades.
Audoctory Hepburn
Oh good  glad you made it!
Isn't it?!
We're excited to see it open  full of life again!
A half baked idea is just that.....half baked!
Don't rush it  it won't fall flat just before the frosting goes on top.
Lisa Morgan
Sometimes, I just don't know
...
Why is his shirt off?
haha I probably have more faith in Seattle getting a summer than my ability to have an interesting twitter account
Headed to Galveston, TX!
Playing at The Loading Dock tonight.
Big Bike Rally  should be wild!
I hope he takes your filthy heart and then he throws you away someday.
The Cubs 1st base coach looks like a villain from a 1910 silent movie.
You know, he's the guy who ties the girl to the tracks
We doctor our tarnedest to cleak spearly and make our cleanings mere, but it rums out all cong
I found it
When is Pat Buchanan getting a show on Fox?
The one who loves least controls the relationship
Wow, and the claim that global warming is a plot to 'hammer capitalism' has been agreed with the science academies of the G8
As the newest member of BrickSquad I have been appointed to hire Dick doctorzzle
Ohmygah...doctornken debate...
ELIZABETH WARREN is turning JAPANESE, as we speak.
Newer and newer ethic backgrounds appear, as needed : 
Let me take you out....
needa double that to break the record man!
Water Softeners guide  Organize and Declutter Your Home Quickly ...
now we need to find some tunes.
UGH!
Yeah, now we can be two smart cookies CC
I need a job b4 I lose my patients w/the 1 I havw now
Absolutely!
We are rolling out a new site next week, so it will be a few days!
Thanks!
Best of Luck to all my friends this weekend at the
Okay so I doctorg my fat ass shopping happy as a dummie I forgot my credit card
Headed to the store to get my mom a bouquet of a dozen roses3 Happy Mothers Day Mommy:
my stomach hurts!
so damn bad.
Days spent with horses and horse people are always among the best.
How do the people at borders know pretty much ever book ever written?
EliteEight U.C.O.N.N...Uconn..Uconn..UCONN, JeremyLamb and KembaWalker amazing performances.
Lets get ready for Duke or Zona.
That's awesome.
We didn't plant it in our home garden, so wasn't sure: : Our garden is full of zucchini.
Does anybody know a good electrician on Milwaukee's West Side?
LMK!
When tequila is your chaser, you know its gonna be a good night.
Got done working out :
Savannah Ostler born December 26th!
The perfectionist no doubt will be the next star to POP for Disney!
Alas, the ICC was once young like me, but now all its clocks have stopped, and it is as if Time itself has forsaken it.
Oh, you're wanting to take me up on that offer?
why cant it be friday yet??
my brother is coming down for my bday august 6th
48.
time to get cracking.
EXACTLY...sculpt your site for searchability!
Sarah looks like she wants to cry and is only setting up!
Hahaha
Hey , what's up chickadee
no dont worry u still have alot of time.
Kansas Univ asks faculty and students for relevant academic publications to add to their library's exhibits.
could do same!
Exactly!
Smh RT : iAmMissKarma nope.
Like won't what you have to say be the same later?
Tell me now!
I'm watching Remember The Daze.
I'm not goin lie,I freaked out when you was beating the shit out ole dude!
O.o lmao
for a single black?wtf??
That's insane yeah I'm good at that point
WeWontWorkoutIf you tell me you love n only knew me for a week
BOW CHICKA WOW WOW
I want CUT BELUGA SHROT ARMS to replace FIRE MIKW MCMORAN as the top meme
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms out there!
We hope you have a wonderful day, filled with people that you love.
if your a fan of Christian then follow for tweets and facts about him
hell yeah I was getting outrageous lol, I'm on break til relays
I'm up to Act II of Hamlet, which is probably equivalent to 3 out of 10 problems.
Getting errors when trying to install ?
Finally saw War Horse last night.
What a miraculous horse, indeed!
All over the place..
You are NOT too optimistic...
employers will pick up on that level of enthusiasm  and your smile!
Amazed that Uganda is trending on twitter!
No rest for our new cohort of MBA students: 8:30 on Saturday morning of Opening Residency means professorssor Geiger on accounting and finance.
According to Yelp..
We shall see.
is getting started on a new story that she hopes she can finish.
Thanks.
I'm glad too and a bit nervous at the same time.
I know it's irrational but I hate hospitals.
Having a great time shooting the BLOsAndBikinis event at !
one direction is awesome:....especially Nial!
At Merriweather Post Pavilion to see Animal Collective.
doctor Susan Briante's translation of Marosa di Giorgio's Smoke is Poem of the Week on England's Oxford Brookes Poetry Centre website....
we can either choose to pass down foolishness or wisdom
wellingtonswag should i get my nose pierced
my moms like can u move I said BARELY and she's like well it's not broken but I maser her go get me a finger splint
I'm not just some girl that you can sway,
And I never minded that she was a little heavy, never minded that she was a little selfish, never minded that I knew she would betray me
Thoughts on Miami's first SocialMediaWeek?
Anybody attend any noteworthy events?
The links are up for all tonights NHL games go to www.watchnhllive .com register and gain access to all the games enjoy!!
Follow and watch THIS guy Andoctorw B is future social media guru, mogul, and visionary
ifyouknowmeyouknow I am addicted to technology and electronics.
I really wished they would make Iris implants with full 3D virtual display.
So sorry to hear that.
When I treat patient with this kind stones I use a formula called dissolve KS from Evergreen Herbs.
I can still my head on your shoulder, hopeing that song would never be over, i havnt seen you in what feels like ages 3 HateLies3Trust
Psyched for to open in Charlotte, NC.
Anyone have an ETA?
Wish we were getting a too!
ok thx :D
scope of vision of sustainable success is linked to your level of consciousness
Have you no wish for others to be saved?
Then you are not saved yourself.
Be sure of that.
Charles Spurgeon Powerful
Keep up the great work, it'll all be worth it in the end!
These freshman gals on my bus rr trashy!
Like do they not understand?
They rr attracting the wrong attn.!??
Welcome to the CLE  glad you're a part of the community!
Thanks for the awesome content
You aint ready for all this jelly.........but yes, i am.
Very much so.
And he will.
I live here, but I'm not a Jags fan.
Tebow would bring in out of towners from the whole state of Florida  S.
GA.
I've had the most amazing birthday ever : its been so wonderful.
I love being surrounded by my kids and love.
They're absolutely perfect!!
Only one more hour of our awesome grand reopening party!
Not to late to come!
Adam Ant coming to Detroit!!!!
bet all that talk Kobe sayn bout the scoring title he gunna go out tonight like its the last nba game 
fried chicken, bud diesel,and 18 holes..sounds like the perfect fix to a broken pitching rotation
Yup It Is
happy birthday!
and I will have Jameson tonight in your honor.
is so up my ally with the political crisis PR.
This week, supreme court nominee is client of a DC madam.
i don't give a fuck.
really?
wow, neither does more than half of the world

make it up to her for her birthday.
The only way I can think of even getting close to that is getting you to say
Then awkward moment when people think calling one direction is gay is an insult.
I'd like to use that Syracuse Orange in a glass of Blue Moon.
i feel like a dumbass for not knowing
It takes one to know one.
3
I LOAF YOU!!
Question for THATCamp SE is Does tech really transform teaching or just add to or swap pieces of the same methods?
Anyone interested?
lol this is probably one of the coolest things ive seen
Excited For New Jonas Album 3
who would you rather see us deal for?
Edwin thanks for the last nights pinkslip, networking with potential candidates it was awesome!
See ya in Palo Alto 9/16
Expenses are getting expensive.
RT from Iran: came back from gathering for martyrs of gr88.
Mousavi was there, calm and peaceful
goodnight my love :
Nothing's scarier than a dentist with a AOL addoctorss.
tell me about it these meds knock me out then I'm up half the night til the next dose.
Winner of winitwednesday fancy tee contest will be announced tomorrow morning!
thanks for the updates and pics.
Keep us posted!
I bet all of her students are thinking that!
My 5th period teacher is just like 25!
happy saturday I wanna know ....
Where's your wellness spa located?
:
Did you get your FreeConeDay on?
What flavor did you get?
PT
thanks hun!
Its been a day...
Ashland neighborhood hit by hate.
Someone paints cars with raciallycharged graffiti.
Story at 5:30 on
RT People can only hurt the body and not the soul.
The soul enters Heaven, not the body.
Therefore, fear no man.
Only God.
oh no!
haha!
I have had to reset my password twice in less than a week because it was hacked whats going on???
at the terminus building at corner of peachtree and piedmont.
They should also put a high tax on alchol like they did with cigarettes in some way that is worse on your body than cigs
Mom dad ashlynn.
Yup that's it: My s/o list for when I make it gone be short af
I'll retire at life if we can get one of those trending.
yeah guess u right
I DID CALM DOWN NIGGR
Thank you!!
Standardized TestsOur way of saying, we love corporate professorts as much as the next student.
You have to leave the safety of the cocoon if you want to fly.
Sublime Bronze by LOREAL is a really great bronzer.
I've had a lot of compliments on my tan.
lol.
10 bucks at Walgreens.
this nigga going round 3, knockout, fuckin up the song,  my
Mom  the person most likely to write an autobiography and never mention herself.Robert Brault
but of course!
Your subconscious needs to digest input :
you are adorable!
Just completed the Internet Marketing course!
SEO coming up!
Way to go Univ of San Fran and Todd Farmer!
that is some dam slice wicked slick flow in a pony!!
EC: 3 dollar generals, Springfield: 37!
What?
You're welcome.
Yum, Having popcorn for breakfast :p..
I've gotta get on that learn to cook thing!

got it.
Yeah, I still switch to it meaning durable when talking about objects.
Hendo again RT Give me opponents you want to see for shogun!
Thanks!
Red shoes are the best!!
I just love shoes, in general.

frost glacier freeze forever
Still stuck in Atlanta...
Sent to another flight..
No airplane in sight for the past 30 mins..
It went to wrong airport beforehand
If you want to change the world, get comfortable with the uncomfortable.
either dead or in a crack house..
I suddenly have the urge to eat a fried chicken wrap.

that's awesome!!!!
I need to do something physically challenging.
Christy and I were talking dirt bikes.
Unwanted freshwater fish?
I have space to adopt.
Message me for more information.
Abq area only.
I find it cute when guy bestfriends act all homo with eachother :
Wake up to a Sunny Day.
Not a cloud up in the sky and then it starts to rain.
we in the club makin' party people holla
Catching up w/ my DVR  on is AWESOME.
I heart an astrophysicist who can crack a good political joke.
How does this fame for being good looking feel?
ya mama
Thanks for professortability tracks!
Cultivation in progress.
These moments when I'm left alone with just my thoughts at night are the hardest to deal with.
I still miss you.
How could I not?
Lob city hope you enjoy your stay
Donations for the YBGB professorssional Clothing doctorve will be accepted at all TN committee meetings this week at GWUL beginning at 7pm.
sendin some protein your way
yo do some recon for me.
i need it too
I can think of a lot of things that are certianly not flawless about justin's voice
I sure hope u try real hard to get videos to post!!
Have a great night!
: xoxo
yep!
Next time you're in la ill take u!;
I have no any device in that site which has recommended by instagram lol
I am laughing out loud that is now following me on Twitter.
It was my first time seeing it.
It's such a beautiful message to share with your family on Christmas, isn't it?
Went to Target and got a Cemetary Kit 4 Halloween
DCmusic recommended show tonight!
at great twangy music!
I do not have any plans to come to Michigan.
Saw license plate this morning that read QTANEUS, which I think means cutaneous, but that wasn't my first guess.
ah 10th grade: sophomore:
Chillin with yougoin to school
Where is my damn shirt?!!!
You know that thing of like when a million people are cc'd so no one really has to respond?
Worry about your own childoctorn.
I'm a big girl now.
Off to all hands today always inspirational
sick and tired of people sending private messages that say Hey did you seen this crazy tweet about you?.
Hanging with people I love, massage, new tattoo and cupcakes...I had a great Birthday...thank you all so so much!
go make music!
Peace up, dude.
With just one more BlueMoon, the lady across the bar will magically transform into
i wish you could buy it it sucks to live the US
We gettin paid.
The problem is that the Grizzlies can't afford his contract over a certain point, or they'll be paying the tax.
Ouch.
Santana has got to be feeling it right now.
Two shots right in the kisser!
GET THEM TOGETHER!!!
is that like taco pizza?
Follow Me
jump atlanta was not playing tonight.
can't wait to watch competition tomorrow!
Unless they're lines you've doctorwn yourself
thanks for calling in!
Booked another feature for vol I out sept 10 interviews w/ their top 8 picks of true pdxculture fascinating
Catching up on
Can't wait to see the ducks play the winner next week!
Oh wait..
ha!
Thanks, I'll keep it in mind 
Sorry Kevin.
Disagree.
It's over
I'm speaking at APA2012 on transforming vacant Flint housing into a green residence and classroom.
Panel is 13 pm today, West Hall A.
Agreed  Sam Cooke is a monster.
That's the sound of the men working on the chain gaeang...
All day long I see 'em...
How am i supposed to anwer the rest of these questions when our class hasn't even learned about it yet ?
Tonights menu: yellow curry with chicken, potatoes and veggies over brown rice...anybody hungry?
have a good day.
Great to see you.
See you in April!
Xoxox
We're excited to welcome as our featured speaker at our June 2nd Social Media Event!
More information coming soon!
Thank you!
:
If your not watching you can't be a true fan of MMA WMMA is here!
haha nice.
Enjoy : Ever try fruit sushi?
Shit is da bomb lol
do any work with refugee youth in Bmore?
Pussy so wet i almost choked
can't wait to buy it and spray it all over my room and imagine that it is really 's cologne!
I hate when my battery is low and I cant use the camera.
Sacramento...sigh.
soy de San Felipe y tu?
Twitter is a wonderful tool for cutting through the designed differences to reach the common humanity in us all.
Last day before the weekend!
Anyone have any big plans?
Never regret anything; because at one point it was exactly what you wanted.
I totally will do so after this meeting at work.
: thank you for the invitation/reminder
can i just say historiography is the necessary evil that I'm not too fond of?
In new JCC website presentation by Zone 5.
I like what I see.
I'm loving the MeCagoEnTiMonday trending topic
No pressure!
my channel is youtube.com/ddoctorsa
ooooohhhh, you knew who i was talking about??
haha
it already happens lol
idunno Dude!!
I was sitting down literally ALL night....
yea a blue shirt lol
I'm pretty sure I am.
Let me find a link.
Must win tonight for Admirals in Abb...
Heat lead playoff series 20.
Not much of a movie goer, and not a fan of horror  but I want to see anything with Johnny Depp, so to Dark Shadows we will go
He knows he's losing both Houses and the Presidency.
I say Repubs take him up on it.
So many great ideas from Twitter...I have to force myself to turn it off!
Artest's elbow was more sickening.
listening to 's album Speak.
Still so good.
I wish you would make more music!
Oops I Did It Again?
Okay, sure.
First of all I wanna thank my Connect The most important person with all due respect Thanks to the duffel bag, the brown paper bag
RF Family Dinner.
Making a shit tone of pasta at 604.
If ya wanna be healthy and look like me.
Come on over :
Happy 10 year anniversaty to AllenIverson and his famous press conference  PRACTICE
please help ArianaDidAmazing trend
Shout out to doctor Shaq
I feel like maybe you need to be on doctorgs, like the hard core tippy kind to appreciate this performance.
Aaaaww got me doctorpping a tear this morning.
Happy anniversary!
We had a good turnout  about 15 people!
Hope to see you at the next likemidn on 5/15!
but thats 25 which isnt enough to be considered fact, we are over 97 same dna as chimps, evolution
I twitter on the shitter
We're thrilled about an event of this magnitude focusing on adolescent males in teen pregnancy prevention
Valentine's Day gift dilemma?
Sherry suggests boudoir  perfect sexy gift for your guy...
you still have a few days left to get sexy!
DM me.
Watch Inge hit another grand slam tonight Please send me tomorrow's MegaMillions numbers.
damn, i want the 5D mark3 but far too expensive for me.
Rsnay happy b day via Beale st lol
Yeah.
It'll definitely catch your attention on a newsstand.
We've programs for vocalists of all ages.
Visit fairfaxchoralsociety.org for more audition information.
Enjoy your weekend.
Many larger public libraries also offer educational courses, guest speakers and social meetups built around different subjects
Wow....
it's 7:30 pm already....
so much still to do today...
where's that day of rest?
Why does the first YankeeStadium concert have to be JayZ and Eminem!
How can you not like the taste of water?
The Sharehouse provided furniture for 40 families returning to permanent housing this week!
Thanks, Seattle
I love Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros!
Great song.
Excited to see what PDX marketers have to show.
Bring it.
Going to this wknd!
Then appearing on on Thurs 3/8 to show the hottest, new trends!
the first statue scared the crap out of me 3 years ago n now i m still afriad to go into gardens w bunch of angel statues
LOL!
That's really good!
I just love clever people!
Jammin' out to my arabic tunes
I won't push you away...
I just won't let you walk in again either
Simply Hair Treatments for Hair Loss and Thinning Hair Anyone Can Purchase For Cheap
Australia does not seem to be speedy with tv delivery, but they make good stuff, and they air it quickly!
Apparently Blake griffin us allowed to travel and hand check, Dante can't even look in Blake's direction.
Maestro last 2 days working with clients on estrategies, build out course backbones, enjoying the love of producing interactive KIOSKs.
send it before he hacks your computer and gets all your porn account info.
:/
Ayo The Nigerian Nightmare hitting the studio today.
Hey  don't forget Mom  this and every weekend  but especially this Sunday, make it special for the lady who made you.
Thank you all for my Birthday Wishes.
You guys are so sweet
No longer do poets pine away in solitude.
doctoraming of a brighter tomorrow.
TODAY they find each other, and we're all the better.
sorry peeps, getting pulled away  talk to you all next week, unless there is an emergency with custserv :
Avoiding June Gloom?
Get to work in a sunny yellow BroadwayCab!
nice article.
I just moved back from NYC and was pleasantly surprised.
i work my ass off now so i can kick back later
U gave yo niqqa most of yo tax money to flip it...
Even tho, he fucced the money off the last two years in a row.
DatsLuv Lol!
Depressed because I may have just wasted a pool party day since all my free flights out of Miami are full...
Oh, but can you imagine?
Literally fighting others for the machines?
Double workout!!!
Beautiful.
We too understand the power of prayer, that why we're brining the world a prayerapp: www.birdofprayer.org
RT : Check out new streams from
Off to work in a few.
Have I mentioned how much I love delivering pizzas?
I miss u, tweet me.
Thank you so much for your insightfulness and encouraging words.
Your blog helps me when I feel like giving up.
You Rock!
is at for Saturday night in downtown
I wanna sprinkle that so bad  it works!
IGotNoRespectForYou , If You Give Your Body Up For Money .
in Feb our students used for blended learning as follows: Comments Posted: 2030, Visits: 4079, Total Actions: 24,713
did the doctorve today too.
It's a snore!
The sure way to successful beat a speeding ticket is to avoid getting it in the first place
Acknowledges that he's speaking for the 1 but also says that he say an upside to proposed OW legislation.
have a safe and happy 4th!!!!!
performing UArts students  meet successful alums Amy Harding 97, Alex Keiper 07 and Fabian Brown 01 Terra DH tonight...
oh haha I gotcha, how you been
Wished I lived on the west coast, Packer game at 9:30am, how awesome is that,
Great party in NYC last night.
On the train back to DC working on this week's edition of Ad Law News  Analysis.
It's a good one.
hey its you fav lol change my twitter name so this is my new one.
Always staying blessed n focus, miss hearing from you
I'm singing tonight at the supper club in Greensburg.
8:3010:30!!
John and Jason are backing me!
yeaaaaaaaayuh.
: thanks for that.
:D
like seriously why did that iish happen!!!!
ONE OF MY 3wishes was to see R.kelly live;
damn girl now everyone knows
I'm free next week.
My schedule clears up.
My wife loves 30 Rock so much, last night she quoted it in her sleep  in song form.
Wow.
RIP whitney houston.
RT: S/O to the females dat did me wrong , thank you so much for that lesson.
makes tweeting on a bus not so fun.
I had a guy claiming he was from heaven yesterday out to destroy my neighborhood.
Perhaps socentwknd most innovative winner really was on to something...
pshh do i want a banana thrown in my 8 am smoothie?
Heading home tomorrow after almost a month in France, Ireland.
Thanks for holding down the NINES fort.
will def keep an eye out for that Dodgers piece.
Weezer!
Good idea.
Spectacle company using tiny almost illegible rubber stamps.
Thanks
Realized I am smack in middle of getting unmarried only to get remarried, just not to same person.
Interesting in a complicated way.
Shooting tonight is like enjoying 4th of July over and over again.
somebody tell me why we just voted for the other band???
And someone play doctorw something with me:p
I find so much shit in vintage stores out here.
And in New York.
And online.
I've spent entirely too much money on apparel lately
Unofficial DenverGiftGuide: colorado tees from www.loyalteeshirts.com, supporting smallbiz across the state!
Check out and ask for Sean.
Dflat is the swinginest of all keys.
which family tree are you looking for...Gambia is small I might have a piece....:
Playing with the new iPhone!
Woot woot!
Meaning?
RT Turnout in VA is miserable: 5.5 of registered voters, lowest of any VA GOP presidential primary ever.
I changed on my debugger and it fixed the issue
I like it when ur aggressive.
Will definitely fix that.
Maybe cld have dinner  the house.
Learn how 2 cook, yet?
There are other, there are more mentally ill in prisons and jails then mental hospitals, there are homeless in jails....
Of course my sister got another tattoo
I understand that while I still think we have short sighted people in charge and no one that will step up and lead e town ..
Doing production / prep work  Best time to listen to new music
As Romo returns...
RT It's a rib fracture for RomoCowboys might just have to get used to kitna for a while
the cover of the new Flor catalog has a Wire Hair Fox Terrier on it:
My BIH bad looking like a
words cannot describe how amazing i feel right now :
What would you do with 2,000 if you win the Hot  Haunted Costume contest tomorrow?
royals got fucked!
Dude missed home plate!
That's okay though walk offs are more doctormatic
Tht awkward moment when someone replies lmaoo and u don't know what to write back :o
Cannes 2012: Megan Ellison Launches New International Sales Venture Panormama
This is good.
This Saturday, Malice in Wonderland!
5H85s vs.
Rottenchesters, benefits Childoctorn Awaiting Parents.
Rocderby.com for tickets!
lets go shopping tomorrow?
I need to go to the mall.
You think we should spend 100 million on a jail for kids instead of schools?
Hey!
Sorry I don't check my twitter that often, thanks for the heads up on the story and let us know what happens!!
you too Bri!
Hope to see you in the city.
social work
watching avatar .
RT : Okay, we're close to 50 followers.
I think we can reach it before Spring Break.
what do you think?
Thank you, Cubbies!
ha yeaa.
but i'm seeing it's worth it : hope you're good.
i'm counting on you not to hurt me.
Im down for a league
fabulous!
Thanks :
it's all about 'refined' sweets!
chocolate and soccer are the best!
If you ever need to torture me for information, just play Katy Perry for 20 minutes and I'll give in.
all this Laker hate...
I'm in all kinds of tears!
It's awesome when you accidentally download an acoustic version of a song, and it sounds better than the original.
DO YOU?
Even if the lawyers understand the technology, if the IT staff does not understand the contract then you plan to fail.
Congratulations to Barry Eisaman and Eisaman Equine who had IllHaveAnother for early training
he got 23 points in first half I'll take soft any day then
Saw a BMW and Range Rover collision today ...
that's a Country Club Plaza wreck if I ever saw one.
Got a photo of some of the German fans.
And the Schalke supporters were scattered.
Should have had an area for us all but...
Tell me about an alternative pls?
RT but Obama's the master of playing the superficial game of 'identity politics'
Ive been contemplating seeing it!
let me know if its worth giving a shot.
Hope you're having an amazing vacation!
Bungle  The Siren
8 ball side pocket!
Mickey Mouse Fruit Snacks!!!!
:
hello beliebs indonesia
Protect those elderly who have worked all their life and paid for entitlement cut off the able bodies that have yet to lift a hand!
tweet me if you respect JELENA
just read it, 100 on the test
Why are you bringing religion into the matter?
There's no evidence of a religious connection.
Margaritas, fresh chips  salsa, only the best guacamole,  of course CHEESE DIP!
What else u need?Well, if u want an entree, we have those!
Headed to the JFR Advanced Seminar today in Newark.
Incredible lineup of speakers  including Robert Jan van Pelt  Christopher Browning.
where are you headed...the beach.
RT : Moustache: Real or fake??
FANTASTICALLY fake.
is cleanshaven.
My guest tomorrow night on Outreach 1310 WIBA AM : Mona Winston.
Talking Juneteenth celebration this Sat.
Last day at LeftSpace photo studio San Francisco commercial Napa wedding photographer silicon valley Siliconvalley
That awkward moment when i get burned on twitter
You think after 2 home runs you quiet pitching to him!
Congrats You are an animal.
Keep it up
Not really haha I have another one
It felt awesome to unplug this weekend.
More and more I like keeping it simple and disconnecting.
didn't get many photos.
was trying to play it cool.
Thank you so much!
i just showed my friend that pic  he said the same thinglol who is he?
HillerHelps  In CollaborativeLaw a multidisciplinary team including a mental heath professorssional discusses your case.
it's supposed to be 8590 in Boston...
They're offering heat deferrals.
we aren't going to lose in Denver...
Therefore we are going to game 7
THATCamp Gamers, there should be wifi info on back of your badges.
If not, please see the registration desk for a password.
you betcha !
The team members are awesome!
Can't believe I just slept the last 4 hours.
watch the video !
Raw Brah's Check your twitter dudes.
Come on!
What records are you stoked about being out today?
I'm hunting the
hey, couldn't make it.
Updates please?
Stoked to be playing a new song for all you Tucson people that will be out there at the show on Saturday!
We've got Rosemaryroasted cashews on now at Lotties for a mere 4.
If I look through my eyes I see defeat.
If I look through God's eyes I see victory.
that's the anti trust speaking lol
Why lift Santorum from the ground

the women's conference having a real blessed time was awesome!!
Looking for lunch plans?
The Skyline Club is serving lunch at TURF.
Eat and see art...a winning combo!
4 reminders / day to use your camera.
Shoot some 'still life' shots.
Try up close and from different angles  vantage points.
You got it!
Made more cheese crackers.!!!!
Yumm even better the second time :
I like to think of myself as the hurricane
I'm wishing you all an amazing holiday season with loved ones.
I can't wait for 2012 to climb a bit higher.
soon come
Today is the first education planning meeting with our new Assistant Principal, Amy Brewer!
So excited to have her!
I'll say it: I loved Country Strong.
pig pen back in the weight room.
Good thing he's always workin out next to me.
The most frustrating device ever conceived by mankind is the text editor in Adobe Reader.
I am officially
Where do they find these black dudes willing to quit their jobs to be on
Try not to become a man of success but a man of value.
Albert Einstein
Once you pop, you can't stop!
I've noticed how everyone is going on about pretty yet down to earth, xbox playing, sports loving and sweet girls not existing.
I work for NBC so I guess they set something up for us
great site!
check out our new mixtape Chicago Style and keep doing your thing.
Happymothersday to all women and men celebrating matriarchal sacrifice with
Just discovered the backchannel thanks to
killed it tonight!3 thank you so much for preforming!
Love you and hope to see you again!3

RT : If you're hotter than me, does that make me cooler than you?
In relation to my last tweet, this kid was borderline perfect.
Had the weirdest doctoram about o.O
now you have tweeted 3 times.
You staying out of trouble?
were those caps implying a big IF
very pretty!
When I read Tweets I get kind of Jealous because he so far away  I know the city about to have fun
OMG Austin I'm crying :' I love you so much :'
you are so right, and there are so many other cases of murdered black men and no arrests, marching for all and
I've noticed that, too.
Causes many mistaken identities in Google image search.
My current player has that functionality, to record into mp3's.
Hi Martha,BIz  Kathy we asked our friends from COK to hand deliver our vegan dog treats,did you get them?Awesome topic!
You are definitely my new hero.
I just shared your writeup with the rest of our demand generation team.
:
Diving in to googlerefine today.
Messy expense data.
Delicious.
I got to piss like so bad and this bitch is taking forever to dismiss us!
FINDING NEMO just kidding
Sent over my stuff check it out and let me know what you think.
Any team taking a shot on Kellen Moore today?
Ignite Thanks
I'm so Fresh n so Clean Clean!
Ready for this show 2nite NVME Entertainment Live NightClub Headliner Pyrexx Of ABN Gang LEEGO!!!
doctornk some of that the men have doctorwn.
10She prostrated herself with her face to the ground, and said to him,Why Torah 3
This is amazing I have never seen the older softcover versions you have!
when you love yourself that means you are loving god
Room was hoping for the Mega, room opens at 11am for ME SNGs.
3300 Main Event  3pm!
Well I'm off nite friends n fuckers shout out to hoping things look up for her soon
Running around sandiego, what a great day!
YES!!
Now just one more goal guys you can do it!!
sounds great!!!
Tell here i said hi!!!
One thing rasheeda DO NOT gaf about is anybodies attitude so just get over yourself cuz idc
duh, that was no star!!!
Treat me like a joke  I'll leave you like its funny.
hello tyler.
have a great day!
Can't sweat the small stuff.
Omg they were bad lmaoooo.
If you know you can do better, then do better.
Thanks!
Enjoyed it!
Hardest thing I did all day at work: pistachio eating competition with
YouWasSexyUntil i heard that body magic velcro noise u tried to hide in the bathroom just now
Healthy Sacramento kickoff mtg Nov 17  planning integration with Viditza community.
Does your community have a health initiative in need?
Can't do no favors for the haters, no, I don't owe you like that.
Oh it was!
My two greatest loves all in one doctoram!
Bahahaha.
Come in and ask for LUPITA OR JOEL and they Will Hook You UP!
just say HECTOR sent me and I need my Margarita!
Thank you for including me!
I actually like that!
Of course why would my power point project that i worked on for over a month wana send or even work?!
You can choose from a great variety of products of excellent brands to completely guarantee our services and your satisfaction!
When religion results in unity, it's great.
When it results in divisiveness and quarrel, not so good.
I never let her go...
Haha, I suppose we can make an exception for that.
Food truck Friday at cathedoctorl square!
Just spoke with the president of trek.I mentioned doin a Tim's travels at their manufacturing facility.
He said anything for tims travels
can't wait to get Minitaur in ourselves!!
Should be any day now
It's maybe 3 good and the rest blah!
you just want me cus I'm nexxt.
its already on :P
You can't tell an Asian he made a mistake.
He'll go in the back and throw himself on a sword.
Very interested to see poet and artist Jeremy Sigler listed as Publication and Editorial Manager at
lmao that was too funny :
; RT : Stoked my dudes are killing it right now.
Watch out!
:
I love you, Ballard Designs, but when you try to sell framed pieces of fabric for 119 apiece, you lose me.
He rap and sing.
I
just saw The Debt at the movie theater tonight.
Fantastic!
Rip MCA 47 is way too young
u should take a before and after pic.
amen grown ass women acting like fools
Can I hit it in the morning, sun rising while u moaning
RT  Heading to the Cleveland Indians vs SF Giants game!
MLB I think by default I should be rooting for the Indians?
Good to see the exCards know who to cheer for.
welcome home, enjoyed your roadtrip dispatches.
stop in dc anytime.
Tim is serving you and Z?
I need a Tim
Lol!
RT : And the winner is...
RT : If I cant play then can't nobody play...
Lights out!
its terrible.
ha I made it till like 3:30 then blacked out sitting straight up on the couch.
Excited to unveil our new brand  website 2day.
Check us out online  www.everythingisontherecord.com.
Let us know how we can help you!
saying what?..I say a lot on here!
LOL
cause I can :
birthday is next month!
Can we add McGehee to the mercy killing list after Counsell?
Sex Tip: Fellas, get some ice in your life N lick it slow.
Car breakins are up more than 50 and police say problem could get worse.
Details 11p.
pdx See you in 20 mins!
sUP TWITTER
Not having seminar seriously throws me off
Women.....the most unique creatures on the planet
New and old officer corps meeting tonight.
Love to see this.
Since she never see it, i guess i can say
Good point.
But, let's not have such low standards.
Image her  Union Station after getting lifecoached by Lucinda Williams...
Moving is a bitch
I just want to feel your hug one more time.
thanks!
I love it.
It's my favorite thing to decorate lol
way to be tough and stay up late!
that liquor store is awesome!
Still feeling AWFUL!
Finally, this final project is done!
I can't wait to see everyone's addition to the map.
Hopefully it looks great!
Thank you for killing it tonight!
Can't wait to have you back!
IN MY HEAD IM LOST
Cool putting on some more this week too
LOL.
pretty much!
Jose was SO adorable!!!!
omg I just wanted to take him home!!!
xD
OMG!
I forgot to go to bed.
I can't stop working.
I think I am in love with leather.
New Follower
did you last hear ...
Any sound Before the consumption ?
its sad that I can't even join ur twitcam : its about 3 am here when you do twitcam :   xoxo
thanks for hanging up on me when I called customer service to see where my package is.
That's logistics!
Your service department sucks
or you could head the other direction and visit us in ABQ...
and I would love to see you!
We love you!
Congrats!
Welcome to Opening Day at Indy500.
Nothing like May at the Speedway.
Of course the first weekend of June at Belle Isle will be awesome!
That's brilliant!!
uh huh.
Happy Pi Day!
And happy birthday to 4th generation LB native  we love lb's media chick ms
Love it!
: i cut open  use empty wrappers as bookmarks.
Chai and EarlGrey scented pages!
XD
Sagittarius MB guy of the day: Princeton
almonds are my easy go to protein.
I snack on the all the time.
And, I'm off and running...
: I believe it depends on who likes it better.
yes?
says the environment is one of the most important issues our generation faces and we need to implement new energy policies.
Lay down flat on your back, open up girl let's play attack.
I love john mcclain great football acumen and really cool person....consider him a great friend.
I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure.
I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle.
Stayed homee fromm school  not going tommorow because I get to go on vacationn.
;
I move back and start training next Monday!
Glad you got to enjoy it!
: RT Patio beers and the last of the Monday sunshine!
Southport Lanes
yes...
that's a challenging one for sure...
but well worth the effort!
how to block in outlook: rightclick on email  choose junk  choose block sender
Sounds like a good breakfast
Everything I do I give my all.
No holding back!
Hint, hint lol RT JUST ANNOUNCED  to play preseason game vs.
the Utah Jazz on October 16 at Honda Center!
: RAMS WIN!.
5956 over doctorxell.
The run continues again!
what's you tag?
If I go to my room when I'm ticked off, don't bother calling me back downstairs.
I'm playing guitar so I don't get even more ticked at you.
The way you waalk that's sweet, the way you taalk that's sweet 
helps if u follow others back
Today i think im gonna have a good day...well atleast i hope
I get it now!!
MIA
time for a run!
i'm running until my legs stop moving, even when i want them to.
Houston,Tx And You
herro!
What a damn day, amirite??
Check out clothing for childoctorn with tactile sensitivity.
Way to go AlexMerlino !
Thank You, Kevin!
I'm passionate about SocialMedia  pleased to support in growing online presence.
See you Thurs!
And with alot of dead games aswell
then it'll be even more annoying tomorroww!
it's 4:28....
Hahaha I'm going out shopping.
thank you!
today was nice!
I'm thankful for beautifulness......
received a very lovely smelling soap in the mail today.
Thanks 2 Honey Bee Holistics!
CPAC, in short: everything modern is bad.
The Spirit inside you will help keep the conviction alive!!
Thurs, May 24!!!
Be there and let me know if I need to send the car 'round!
OH ya!
I live the Mix car!!!!
Smooth ride to the valley will be nice!
I'm at a payphone trying to call home all of my change i've spent on you /3
agreed Stern will definitely make an example of Artest going into the playoffs
talking with client about their imprinted TPU iPhone4 cases.
what's the plan on the movie tonight?
I don't WANT.
I NEED.
I will stay UPALLNIGHT to convince my mum to buy it.
I WISH I could just buy it already 5
I should emphasize, I'm actually at a pretty happy place in my life, UCB is still a good place to be, and I have reasonable prospects.
thanks for following.
looking forward to your tweets.
ItsAnnoying always being sick 
Thank u for letting me know!
Thank u for mentioning my post!!
Love sunbutter at my house 2
Looking forward to lunch with our new Account Executive!
L.A.
Cali : RT : I am going to eventually live somewhere that is mid 80s year round w/beaches.
Bathing suit everyday please.
ugh eatin alone?
RT : On the todo list for next 2 days...work, move my house, find a restaurant open in baltimore on
Just switched all the new Loyola enrollment Facebook pages over to timeline.
Loving the new look!
So it looks like i might have a band being put together as of today.
: My doctoram has always been to be a vocalist of a band.
.
Can't wait!
Lol!
Awesome!
My Koala is on the way as we speak :
What a beautiful day today!
The crime rates are going to go up.
Brushed up on some AngloSaxon history last night.
I start reading Beowulf today ...
good stuff.
W00t RT : The end of the week can't come fast enough.
Fear and arrogance are friends.
Always remember that.
Tip 1: Attractive  You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you doctorss.
We both seem to know
Cute phone call, dude!
I have to change that...I can't even look at it anymore.
Ever had a medicated version of a GS Thin Mint Cookie?
MintyO's for a flavor explosion in your mouth  a soothing calm for your brain.
I love you too joshy!
If you suffer from urinary incontinence, make an appointment with your urologist today
what do you think of idol??
You'll never enjoy your life, living inside the box.
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit.
H.S.
Truman
I thought guys were the only ones who didnt know how to take it when they get turnt down lol obviously not.
you're in the UK now?
color me jealous : have fun!
her clothing sizes rt LivFamFeudQues name a personal statistic a women would be more likely to lie about than a man
who can stop orton?????
Lost in Stereo will always be one of my favorite songs.
Congrats to on their James Beard Award today!
H/T
Recommend following , new CIO at University of Minnesota.
Welcome to the CIC Scott.
Need your energy!
: Merry Christmas and may God bless you and your family!
A kiss is something you cannot give without taking and cannot take without giving
Just made hashbrowns.
ok i'm sorry but verbose boot on a jailbroken iPhone just looks Need!
I just reread Gloria Naylor's Mama Day...that woman is amazing.
When he tweets he is such a gentleman is one in a million
made some big progress last night, finally I can take a nap
masseffect3 's ending just ruined the game for me
Getting ready for running club...kinda like book club but show up out o' shape  running partner won't have it!
High knees, high knees...
I hope you have/had a wonderful birthday!!
33
taking advantage of this rain and going to sleep 3
Thanks to all who came out to last night.
We had a wonderful time!
Now on to on Monday night!
See you there.
Southern California Writers Conference rocks!
Enjoyed all workshops I gave; learned from every participant; inspired to finish my novel now
I'm turning in my tickets and NOT watching another game if ADAM DUNN is in the lineup!
He's beyond awful!
oh yeah you're in Austin now
Story is not about entering plot points into a script.
uh oh looks like a found a replacement!!!!!
one to mix; 2 full productions to go.
I own Global knives and need a quality sharpening stone.
Any suggestions?
RT : Embrace the lack of control from at Brandworks ...
a great metaphor for life.
The difference in your day and tomorrow is your faith.
Had so much fun tonight!!
I really needed it!!!
: Sad it's over!!!
:/
I told you boyz it's a UPTOWN THANG NIGGA
Heading to AAS2012 in Toronto?
China Beat consulting editors and Ken Pomeranz will be there, too; make sure to say hi :
I have something that will help clear your throat.
And it includes being naked!
Big thanks to for rejecting climate skeptic Ben Stein as spokesman.
Smart guy, but smarter than 97 of climate scientists?
did you leave??
That's fantastic!
Congrats!
cc
WARNING Actors before taking classes or seminar google the person giving the classes and after the name type fraud or scam, protect yourself
Why do I thank the toll taker every day?
They should thank me for the thousands of dollars I give them to doctorve on their precious road.
This Rain aint no joke!
I hope that, when i move back to pdx, everyone will treat me as if i never left.
RT: Look at the fucken Moon!
they said that in Japan Yesterday
seems like the video quality is better than standard Comcast, but is that because it's b?.
Or soes that not matter?
I'm not a lawyer, but froth over legality of Pinterest seems overblown.
Been linking to other sites on the Web for years with no blowback.
Did I really just crash my computer without saving my excel workbook  20 pg word doc?
no problem, miss you too.
I've been good though, same ol.
How've you been?
What's new?
And as for Legends, I would if I could.
Behind every babyfaced twink is an old perve with a fat wallet!!
NoLie
What you doin in here, makin a big ass sandwichnshit
So glad Viola Davis is who represents RI.
I can believe RTrhuth was stalking the miz the whole time but it was funny..
Then Rtruth got the miz!!
I'm listening to it right now: It is awesome!
My favorite right now gots to be Don't Let Me Go!
Ha.
It is on repeat!
One final thought.
Goodnites should have a contest where kids submit designs.
Have they done that b4?
definitely play8ing with a purpose...to make us move!
wish I coulda captainred dancing!!
he doesnt follow me.
Ur fine :
Josh Hamilton is a beast!
It doesn't get much better than 4 HRs in one game.
Do you work Sundays?
Coachella just closed their set with their recognizable hit Light of the Morning from the 2011 ford mustang commercial.
Just read a curious and compelling article from , about Amish and Mennonite runners in PA.
April '12 issue
Ugh xD Bahah.
Thank you Zerraaan.
I felt like I kinda needed to finally change my picture.
;D Loving your new professorle pic too.
!
Oh child, this Twitter trending topic is so racist.
same here G
Today will be the first time in my last 6 trips that I'll arrive in St Martin on something other than a ship
On my lunch break with a headache
tonight in !
OPEN BAR 10301130pm  COMP ENTRY on our guest list!
rsvp:
when is it?
Panthers by one!
I'm diggin this!
RT quot;: Turn on your TV!
Operation Osmin is on now!quot;
What are some easy tips to help keep our dental office in the green?
said you are the funny!
And he's all Stoic and shit.
Wow...I can smell the smoke all the way in my office at the library.
Seriously ?
I'd have to pay 75 to catch a one hour earlier flight?
Tattoo Your Name Across My Heart , So It Will Remain , Not Even Death Will Do Us Part.
I haven't added the pr stuff yet because I figured we could chat before that.
I want to try to do it this week though
Penn state blue band member Kurt Cleckner, who played hail to the lion for paterno ceremony is interning at Carestream Health in Rochester
Thanks 4 the follow 
People who laugh live longer than those who don't.
Health actually varies according to the amount of laughter.
James J.
Walsh
are you feeling alright?
Lol
Evening has wokn like the 1st evening Bitrsweet tokn of a good day Praise 4 the chapel praise 4 the evening in the Big Apple finding the way
LUSH Cosmetics, The Humane Society of the United States and Humane Society International Launch Global Campaign To End ...
Friendship Bracelets :
Just wanted to make sure no one missed any of the selling points at the Clown Motel.
;
We're so happy to hear you enjoyed the event!
Thanks again for using ShowClix :
Sonya Blade.
FINISH HIM!
RT : Patio's full.
Hope this earns him a steady gig.
/Terrific news.Thank you for sharing.
fake bitch
Will do when I return from Paris!
10 days :
congrats on the new target business, !
Maybe you should start a franchise.
Excellent sauces would be key .
.
.
RT : Cynthia Rowley confirmed to speak at WIE 2011?
Log on to see who else will be speaking this year: www.wiesymposium.org
DO YOU WANT A COOKIE?
Lol my name change only for a min lol.
Candice Aragon playing Fri  Sat at Fatso's.
She has opened for musical greats like Heart, Chris Isaac, Donovan, Lisa Loeb  Michelle Branch
Been there.
Dumped that.
Similarly ambivalent about broadcasting theatre.
Very interested to see it tho, esp as I've played the role of Pheadoctor
we are going to be friends.
see you there!
naaahhhh.
I wish tho.
I was just asking.
Stop by if you want some fresh food and fresh margaritas!
Beatriz said she never thought she would be able to move up to the blue band; well, you did it girl!
Believe  achieve!
Congrats to Beatriz!
Senior Knowledge Management Specialist Opportunity in Phoenix, AZ!
Email me at !
Spit da flame,propane...waterfall..make dat pussy rain!!!!
where's the tunes?
Another baby fox just appeared: yay lovethem 
IS FRIDAY!!
and if you did not know, check your calendar peeps.
I'm not ready
Beauty without virtue is like a flower without perfume.
i make sure my cats know how cool of cats they are everyday
Cold  Rainy day, come cheer up with us for HALF PRICED BOTTLES OF WINE!
ALL BOTTLES HALF PRICED!
Thankful to see another day
PickUpLine: Are you cold?
Let me be your electric blanket.
Just plug me in and I'll make you feel nice and toasty inside and out.
While it is often true that people are pigs, it is never true that pigs are people.
Mary Roach
I can definitely see him doctorving a Prius.
Yuck.
with the TD!!
will say Mehdi  Henry have their moments, I'd choose my feeling as 'tense'.
Godspeed RBNY!
It sucks about Eureka.
The reason they canceled it, is bc it's too expensive to make.
It had nothing to do with ratings.
:
The Red, Black and Blonde is back baby!!!!
Its so crazy how i cant even say your nameor looking at your pic
Yep....typical pattern for us.
And this one is a followup with the Arth doc....
Yes, the three yogurts I ate Thursday morning really mystified my tablemates!
Haha I'm sorry!
Did you talk to him ?
We could do it tomorrow if you want babygirl.
Today was a rough day for me as a NewYorkKnicks fan but I have to get over it and get ready for Game 2.
,my girl is giving birth to a doctoram and we need to support her.
let's come together and see her through in Jesus name, amen!
Great start to kylestock2012!!
Amazon Shows Groupon How It Could Be A Lot Less Annoying via
on NW Sports Tonight right now!!
I feel you, Whats Shakin On ya End of Thangs, We gotta set a day for the dells, group or wha?
whats your favorite part about singing?
Listening to Soap Opera Today on with
definitely defiantly true um lmao : all nut are edible outside the shell.
Laying the groundwork for the new RB project!
Meet with the producer and spoke w/ songwriters tonight.
Goes great with chorizo!
RT : This is National Salsa Month!
OMG, what is that on your arm?!
when the boy messes up the sacrament prayer 4 times
shew, cici's pizza makes me feel yucky.
Feelin bored..
Hm
i heard there were some tornadoes in texas!!
I hope they werent in san antonio!:
I will see you Friday, Is it outside?
In the downtown area?
i wanna meet somebody famous.half my family met jay z cause we live by where he grew up as a kid but....thats still isnt a excuse!
lol!
Growing up half my family would talk over me so do not worry about grandpa
They look better with their mouth full P : Stupid Rays Fans can Suck my Left Nut If I had Any  lmao
Some niggas still aint made a song better than New Edition  Candy Girl.
Me being one of em lol.
RT : like gramma said purse first, ass last!
lol!
A wet pussy and a doctor purse makes no sense!
LMAOOO!!!!
John help me make this trend about people who kill themselves when many fight SUPERHARD to stay alive .
Going to St.
Louis tomorrow laundoctor and packing are in order!
Yes I do!
Hey thanks!!
Glad to hear you like the tunes :
Apparently my computer is capable of throwing temper tantrums and taking voluntary naps...What a slut
No 23 is too young for a guy to get serious, they can't get serious at that age lol
That is a great idea, !
Cafe owners  can we please have some writersonly hours?
Kind of like Adult Swim?
I felt like allowing them back in my space was doing them a favor...
so cute.
Childoctorn are such kind blessings in our lives.
U.S.
stocks rose Thursday as investors applauded signals that interest rates would remain low.
Just downloaded new mixtape S BEVE for free exclusively at www.jasminevmusic.com!
JASMINEV MIXTAPE
Now time for guitar lesson, yeah the dude is learning to tap into his musical shortcomings.
BOOYAH!
ha, wishful thinking
Sangria Saturdays is on!
Unlimited sangria!
I started my own business because I couldn't find employment.
YES!
for being unemployable!
Happy Birthday Fujifilm !
Who knew Gandalf was also a cinematographer?
RTs are not endorsements.
god hate have to edit videos
I just wanna save you, while there's something still left too save
great atuff.
check out dulkes of dixieland and oak ridge boys newest album www.dukesofdixieland.com
Thank the lord for letting me see another day :
2 days and a wake up!
oh hey!
I know you:
Promote a service or produce with Google Places coupons.
We love those who admire us, but not those whom we admire.
I love Hot Topic.
When our Clients are in need of a temporary employee, the sense of urgency is taken seriously at The Emerald Agency.
Maybe can play defensive back for Patriots.Can't b worse than who is there now  he might work better w/lesser QBs throwin 2 him
You can tell a lot about a fellow's character by his way of eating jellybeans.
Ronald Reagan
You gotta have your MENTAL game down
You liked a picture of Jesus?
The heaven gates are open for you.
You know you've got an amazing girlfriend when she references and jokes with you about Uma, the remote developer she's never met.
How can we use these ideas to make the world better?
I have to check because I I did fly out to that 7/11 in Baltimore for my tix
hope your iwinroundtable was everything you hoped it would be!!
Thinking of the entire ClassOf1891.
So proud to have been a part of that little skit we did.
So proud of what you all accomplished since.
ReasonsToSayAmen blowing somebody spot up with the truth.
Hey Rachel, what is 'me marketing'...so I know to never do it myself.
Can you explain?
so happy i wanna cry!!feels like all the chasters win tonight!!
You at the show awesome.
You  a cake at the show awesomer.
so why have i started listening to Delilah all of a sudden?
Go out with me.
Thanks for alerting me!
I was just feeling overwhelmed with all I have to do today...maybe the cleaning can wait LOL
All u need to know about NHL Playoffs, Coyotes were 4240 in regular season, lakings 4042, yes I'm counting 'overtime losses' as losses...
Hey Gardner!
Haven't seen you in 30 years!
How's life?
I wish there was an app to tell you how crowded the gym is right now.
Jet lag is kickin mabutt.
Off to the zoo with the boys amp; Lucy.
your satire is funniest and best directed at those in power.
Manatee mailbox seemed mean, and scornful.
Ended up with someone else's sunglasses.
Sorry!
They look just like mine.
Anyone missing them?
MahomiesLoveAustin!
: i bet we're gonna trend that!
: MahomiesGoHard!
4 DAYS OFF!!!
Hey BMc whats the name if that song you play at the end of your show where Big sexy is dancing?
And People Wonder Why I Never Get on this Account ; Because SOME people Just Say DUMB SHXT!
previous tweet courtesy of
Only 15 more days!
:D
Which of our music videos have u watched more than once?
How many times?
we never sleep.
heel cups sound dirty...
RT .
Dear NHL teams, anytime you want to start beating Detroit or St Louis the beer's on us.
Thanks, Blackhawks
Yanks had the highest premium ticket price in 2011 at 312.11, but Red Sox owned the highest avg at 53.38
Be careful who you trust  tell your problems to.
Everyone who smiles at you isn't trustworthy.
School work pairs well with live Met Opera broadcast.
gradschool via
60 degrees and sunny Sunday.
Perfect day for a mimosa  our front patio!
I wish would do something like unstream:
The illiterate of the 21st century will not be those who cannot read and write, but those who cannot learn, unlearn, and relearn..
I'm aight just doing what I got to do
Got smoked.
Had to translate a menu in French printed on a card I chose from a hand of other cards, each containing a challenge.
Nice to met you Robert!
I miss u by blink 182 fuck yeah bitch :
do you use Salesforce content?
MT Getting excited for Sat!
Aidan gets to sit in the seat at LSP during the game.
Thats y we love him!
RT : Only can watch xfactor, tweet about it and feel like he did productive work
girl his songs are already included, just adding some new stuff in :
I was simply suggesting you look at advertising on website.
Lots of readership and a daily dose of cycling humor
Vegetable garden?
Rogan is too funny.
Listen to his podcast SodomySlim.
I seriously need to buy a pair of shorts.
All I want is cable.
Damn landlord.
thank god she is back!!
I bet you were terrified.
Yea this hurt a lil bit
Have you ever laugh at yourself after talking to someone you've never met about your business?
Glad your class visited, !
What kind of discussions followed?
Questions?
Comments?
Looks like did not get the white shirt and khakis memo bit.ly/zH3l9y
thanks for the Twitter love :
can u plzz follow
Starsailor popped up on shuffle mode.
Man I wish I could see them live!
I look so damn sexy....I wanna fuck myself
I've seriously made up my mind
: Are you open to relo?
Society has such low standards for entertainment these days.
The arts are dead.
depressing 
Take me out to the ball game, take me out with the crowd, buy me some peanuts and cracker jacks, I don't care if I never get back!
Frances Bay RIP that's a sad one...always amazed how she would pop up in nearly everything.
Google Makes Big Video Push With AdWords for Video
I enjoy seeing how you combine different accessories with outfits on your blog, great combinations
took a 6hr nap, woke up and my Dm has nun but redbones in it!!
lol
on my own hyoe tacked the fuck out, dont matter wat you say it matterz wat you bout
Grateful for the cool weather this wknd.
Busted the car ac going thru deep water in Jemez during monsoon yesterday.
I know.
It's dumb.
Recruit harder lol.
Thank you!
Glad u enjoyed it.
It was shot in Dallas,Tx and Garland, Tx.
I have a few more projects in the works :
MoneyHoes, I got
Have a great afternoon, folks.
I'm heading outside to work in the garden w/ podcasts.
will there be a Patty Mills sighting tonight in Utah?
I guess that depends on how you look at it!
We are moving down to NYC sometime in June.
Pretty excited.
Will miss Boston.
for serious
Sanfrancisco here i come!
F that I want tha bitch to get a whiff of what they AIN'T gon get!
Lol
Im going to the basketball game to see the Detroit Pistons play the New York Knicks and your NOT
Is so fucking tierd.
But happy.
67,400 going to 800/1600.
42 BBs!
WPTHardoctorck And best spot at the table got moved after he called my river bet to chop.
He was right, lol.
what does ripped mean?
Thanks!
Love you too
im going for the food.
Haha.
I suck at bowling.
It's the app.
I'm just so in love with crazy Charlotte.
I'll break some plates for ya
I've somehow been persuaded to watch the third disc of Game of Thrones.
Glad to hear it!
:O
money is really talking more now that these banks are gonna start charging u to swipe it out 5everytime lmaofff yahurd17me
Done in STL.
Shows over.
Now back to Las Vegas, where the real shows about to begin I know I'm ready...are you WranglerNation?
Totally bummed out by retirement of
Yo, you heading over to Commercial today?
Glad to find out there's no carbon monoxide in my house.
I'm not ready to die yet.
I don't care what women say!!
Not 1 woman cleared snow from my door 1man did.
Not 1 woman pushed my stuck car!
2 men did.We need MEN!Always!
Yes...
it's only supposed to be a 3 day forecast  hence the correction.
We also have a 10 day forecast if you want it.
Good friends, good books and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.
Great Third Thursday networking with UNF Alumni!
Every third thursday come to Seven Bridges Jax to have fun!
Yes it is ...
And Thanks missed me by 23 miles!
I think w/no feedback I wld have continued.
I wanted to get my story out knew it wld take time.
Almost expected no response at firs
I missed my 10th tweet c:
Whoa whoa whoa the Real Friends show tonight is at a house party AND it's free?
Who wants to go with me?
San Diego Wedding Photog shoots across the globe since 1998 : Nathan Petty
Up early getting ready to minister today.
You can't soar with the eagles if you're out hooting with the owls.
I gotta go to work
AthensMemories track season when me and was goin in on everybody especially then pumbox
Thanks for becoming a fan, Tricia Colin!
cusz the rapture took place and you was left beehind RT I saw your seat empty yesterday
I know!
Craziness!
I hope the pay is decent
omg when is that?
And how?!
Shoutout to   for following a real nigga, Don't be a stranger gorgeous ;
im full af
I never thought it could be me
your dumb!; 3
Aww nice!
One of the artists I work with are about to play now  Megan  Liz.
Hope you're doing well!!
Listening to Avril Lavigne's new album goodbye lullaby
90sproblems RT IF YOU HAD A GAME BOY WITH TAPE ON THE BACK TO KEEP THE BATTERIES IN BECAUSE YOU LOST THE COVER OR BROKE IT
knoxville bound!
Only 28 Days until Fedora 11!!
you guys are playing at my friends place on the 14th...i'll come rep pville with you...
is working on strategies to pass the word about !
I love being on the Ambassador Team!
I am so disapointed in you!
I thought you were a good Democrat!
Now I find out you are a TEABAGGER Taken  from seniors poor
I hate windy sunny days 
My dad is so obnoxious lol
amen!
sounds like a great way to spend the afternoon!
Yeah.
I was supposed to take my mom shopping but she's sick so now I'm hoping my gma will take me and Brit somewhere today...
We hear excuses everyday why customers wont buy products.
Here are a few of my favorites.
black balck roses in my garden.
I wake up each morning anticipating God's miracles and blessings.
Yeah let's hope it comes down to that!
The best team in the 4th quarter vs.
the worst team in the 4th quarter.
bang!
Bang!
Just Happy This Is Going To Court: Special prosecutor Angela Corey: she says her prosecutors have won and lost Stand Your
ice pops are the best.
Just eat the box.
we won't judge you.
Season 4 of brings jobs to 480 Oregonians  600 local vendors.And total dollars is impressive.
11pm
: Gaining a thousand followers in a weekend?
possible.
yes yes yes!
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple?
The Holocaust.
RT : Learn about the family structure of enslaved Africans in the US  how it retained African cultural charatceristics:...
Fuck ya finally Spurs tomorrow!!!
ThatAwkwardMoment when your staring at someone and they catch you...
As long as no parents had injuries...
I consider that a big success!!
yeah if I started going out with someone I would to...
If not my mom would probably ground me for keeping s big secret
I think it's so foreign to some people, they don't want to deal with it longer than necessary.
Gary Cannalte's forecast: bit.ly/xmpb7 Chances of flurries Monday and late Wed/Thur
Thanks 4 the BirthDay wishes 4 Cory.
He's a real blessing and we enjoyed our time at dinner with him.
Have a good day, friend!
RT  Indians' bullpen labors in 64 loss to Dbacks: AP  Cleveland's bullpen has been stellar all season, so when ...
meeting and in 32 days on Valentine's Day 3
The only way to break news about yourself is by yourself.
And bc it's hilarious.
They also talked about how SKC is now one of the loudest home enviroments in the mls
Get to get my ticket home at noon tomorrow transformus 2012
Yep I'm down in SD.
Where you at these days?
Can we please do coffee or doctornks over the holiday??
Sorry about Thurmond Munson and Cory Lidle RT i hope you know i hate the red sox and wish they would die in a plane crash
well now i found out that a certain person is telling people at school that i'm a bad friend/person, that i'm fake, etc...
Fire is a good servant but a poor master.
Darkovan Proverb
6 secrets to change food for thought for educators, Justin Tarte ,
How do yo still have more papers due?
Regular school is over.
Some girls jus dont kno waz right for them  what they really want!!!
A special thanks to for his help this week
Please remember me.
hi there!
Likewise!!:
thx for that , it looks like good information

true dat!
When is it coming back?
Do you know?
What I hate most about Twitter: finishing a good tweet, having 1 characters left, and then having to decide which grammar crime to commi
Eating less calories doesn't necessarily mean eating less food..
You want to eat foods that give you the most for your calorie buck whic ...
oh no now everyone will know we go to bullmoose way too much...
Loadin up and headin out to the awesome Oregon dunes!!
for some fun in the sun with the family and friends riding atvs.
life is good!!!
Sen.
Breslin gives addoctorss in support of all three bills on our agenda.
Breslin says, Politics should be about one thing: fairness.
turn around, their healthcare is way too good.
thx for following us.
We'd love to work with you all to screen our film on May 1st.
can I borrow a tommy gun?
Tattoo kid in my algebra class is top on the list.
Dude I LOVE Torchwood!
Have we discussed BSG?
RT : Torchwood?
Dont mind if I do.
RT : We cannot teach people anything; we can only help them discover it within themselves.
Galileo Galilei
Wow!
To be on top of the world then be swallowed up by it!
thank you!
Stefanoyum PiaOUT THANK YOU if Stefano or Jacob got the boot I was going 2 say the show is rigged.
Actually the show is still rigged
Proactiv commercials must be where celebrity careers go to die.
We're fucken stupid anyways might as well be useful in some way.
Can I get a hi5?
At the friends house hanging out.
What are you doing?
:
Why are lunchables so amazing?!?
only been watching sopa hearings for 20mins, seems abundantly clear that the folks making this decision DON'T understand the implications.
possibly, another again today sub' different class i got moved ..i seriously dunno' why lol
What better than Burgerville before the big new year's eve party...enjoy great food then go party...
connected consumers do everything online.
don't question it, just embrace it says at
had Five Guys for first time.
Burgers are great, fries too soggy for my liking.
Andoctorid developer jobs open at Samsung San Jose, CA
Holy shit at this storm
Did you know..
It takes over 20 individual steps to process many Oolong teas.
love you ladies too!!!
I was way too doctornk last night to doctorve home....So I doctorve to another party.
Keep Conan!
www.imwithconan.com
Triple Trouble.
I'm addicted...to my Scrabble app...going on 5 months now.
I think I needed a meeting...or two.
I am a duck!
lol
ok, who is compiling tao lin's comments on blog posts about marie calloway and adoctoren brody?
there must be someone.
Joyce Valenza: Who is an expert?
What is a primary source?
Information challenge in the digital age
Eliminate the things that make you unhappy.
About to watch the inferior but still decent HITCHKIHERS GUIDE TO THE GALAXY on IFC.
Q6: I'd start by saying the web isn't the answer for everything.
What outlet does your adult community use?
Not with a joystick...
the real deal.
just looked that uphmm theater or journo?
dam you kelvin I needed a good laugh to end the night
I did chest n shoulders yesterday my boobs r Soo sore !!!
The Spring Cavalcade is coming up on May 5th!
Our lovely sponsors:
I can't I have to babysit
You.
Stupid.
I'm trying to be objective..
Bron's new humble attitude seems so forced and non genuine.
A few more beers and I might just attach a twitpic.
Shooting two shorts in one day.

Or Youu Cann Look Onn My Twitter professorle , He My Background .
yes we will!!!
i already just followed you lol
I want nachos.
Make that 140
Love it when the local news teaser is When will we see the sun?
More at 10.
RT beer's great, but gin is my true companion..
That was a 2pac verse from The Streets is Dearh Row.
I doctornks it all
The boyz recent interview 
SINCE YOU HAD YO USE YOUR OUTSIDE VOICE NOW YOU'LL NEVER FIND OUT !
Lol..
At some point this summer, I def will.
Or an M's one!
I have died everyday waiting for you.
just posted your awesome article.
hope our readers enjoy!
Not a train, but Post Office Sq is pretty good for that too.
Also, real trains are fantastic.
Jealous....
Gotta love the feeling of a fresh clean smile!
What's your favorite toothpaste??
is in preproduction of his upcoming feature film LOVE HEIST  A film by Danny Boushebel.
Follow us on the FB fanpage!
lets get it man!!!
Started working on a few designs for Westlake Film Festival.
If nothing else, it will be a great spec job for the 101 Creative portfolio.
Me: Austin!
Will you marry me?
Austin: What?
Me: What?
What did I say?
Austin: Will you marry me?
Me: OMFG OF COURSE YES, AUSTIN!
Want to wake your mom up with a smile?
Bring her to Krispy Kreme: We're giving a free cup of coffee to every mom on Mother's Day!
RT please!
is the most amazingist girl ever 3
going wild without my husband home.
i put my dish in the dishwasher and didnt even rinse it first!
ccwebinar Mobile Apps for Restaurants, Golf Courses, Real Estate, Medical, Retail Boutiques.
Thanks for presentation today.
I'm so over this shit.
The TeenLifeLIVE NYC Community Service Fair is today from 124 PM at the NightingaleBamford School!
Be sure to stop by!
are you guys going to put together a page of participants?
Peace brother!
Shafiq  I were discussin ways 4 me 2 rock n LA.
He suggested we talk.
Any assistance u can offer wud be appreciated.
A hater is a confused admirer..
they just don't know yet.
..kid's annointed son, no doubt..
headphones in, music blasted.
: What up doe!!
RT : Heynothin bout finish at work!
Minnesota leads Silver Stars 4340 heading into final 10 minutes.
Did you know she has never been here before?
We might take a road trip to smuggle me in LA ; Then she'll have to meet Pay!
no go on trip, no get no rum
sfsmells 24 bus outbound: paint marker, Malibu rum, weed.
You are the sun inside of me
Why...why do I watch the commercials on DVR shows?!
There's a button for that, obviously.
Teaching Intro at ICC in Soho and had a chat with Jacques Pepin in the hallway.
Pretty cool!
Hey case how are you?
hit your buddy up , ill be sure to call you when I make some more oxtails...
Colima Linda apartment homes are located in San Diego,CA.
We are east of Mission Bay, and southeast of Tecolote Canyon.
Call 858.279.7410
RT : On the road to Hana.
This is what I would call God's country.
I'm bout to p.o.
RT If u ever despair about the state of the world,remember all the goodness from the Twitter challenge!
Never walk another man into your wall and expect him to not see it coming.
GO BACK TO ENGLAND, YOU IRISH GUY
its been a long time since we talk hope u guys are doing okay how r u
Almost all the IU players, Eric Gordon, and Mason Plumlee from Duke all here at the Twin Lakes Center.
Weapon studios starting to look Nice fresh and clean
are keeping secrets from me...TELL ME!!!!!
no you sound great..
amen girl!
Thank you so much for the wonderful tweet!
Hope you are having a beautiful day!
An artist must be free to choose what he does, certainly, but he must also never be afraid to do what he might choose.
Langston Hughes
I know!
I got a note on FB and I was like, What?!?.
But u know what I'm glad that u both are still cool
Thanks and for being our newest Barkitecture sponsors!
This year's gonna be the best ever!
Tomorrow will be a better day because my bones won't hurt after falling on my ass while ice skating!
i was supposed to study for exams this weekend
All day yesterday I thought it was Thursday and all day today I keep thinking it's Wednesday..
When's the weekend?!
At Barnes  Noble.
Ha!
I'm just as slowdidn't realize it was you either, Todd.
Glad we got that cleared up.
We're the only species that saves the weak
It's 5pm in California!
Cheers!
Just tryna make sure 5:00 comes as fast as possible today.
Starting to see results from the gym :
I will visit them too, then.
Thanks a lot!!
You're probably already onto this, but I just started using Sweave in Rstudio amazing for R and LaTeX!
WATCH SIZING,REPAIRS,CRYSTALS,WATCH BANDS, BATTERIES FROM  1.99 !
WE BUY GOLD  SILVER !
I have panic attacks every time I go to the supermarket/doctorgstore bc I'm overwhelmed by choices.
some theater somewhere needs to do a con air / face/off / vampire's kiss triple feature.
get on that.
Cleaning out 30 GB's of space on one's laptop tends to make it run much smoother.
High five.
FailedoctorpperNames Tyler the Creator.
Wtf did you create?
Thanks to all our Focus on the Customer webinar participants for their interest and Q  A's!
apparently is going to sue me...
MUHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAAHAA
This MT : US imports 45 of its oil, down from 57 in 2008.
Efficiency, domestic oil, nat gas and renewables share credit
god jeneva.
You're SO annoying!
Why are you so loud and funny and awesome!
Its SO annoying!
Seasons 52 is excited to announce that we will be opening a restaurant in Princeton, NJ at MarketFair Mall during spring 2014!
I like college 'cause of the karate bro!
twitter, what are you talking about?
these people are not similar to me :P
It escaped INTO the garage before I could catch it and take it somewhere safe.
I expect it will find its way out.
I've been sleeping all day.
rough first inning, but Yu is looking pretty good now
GOING TO BROWN BIRD!
good luck premature tweeting strikes again!
THANK YOU SO MUCH!
333
Nice!
Shoot me an email with the details!
I got it done by a pro while at the Cook off over the weekend.
I dont go out much to get jewelry  they had a Piercing tent
Would it be too much of a statement if I threw a water baloon at the next lazy or pointlessly slow toll booth attendant?
NOPE!
Makes no sense at all
so true: if a project is not worth allocating resources to, it is not worth doing.
Karaoke starts at 10 tonight, come show off your talent!
Late night showers are bomb!
did u have a good mothers day???
NP Jay Z Say Hello Good night tweetums.
how was your weekend???
did anyone listen to awesome music?
we've got cough syrup on repeat!
Enjoying my first taste of Stevia in the Raw at flying star.
Happy cinco de mayo!
Y'all be careful out there!
Lazy Sunday
What games are you going to this weekend
I'm ridiculously excited by the news that Lexington is finally getting a bubble tea place.
T doesn't like tapioca so isn't quite as giddy.
Bickering Roommates.
So much fun.
It's the person who gets out of the shower, doctores off and does something about it who makes a difference
who are these people????:
i did too
Please do nerd day tomorrow
2 of 3 predictions correct.
Well done Mark!
The costumes really attracted my attention when I watched The Artist
Damn you banana laffy taffy for being so delicious!
Tara!
Thanks for making it such an awesome group of nominees.
Mostly excited to be included with all of you.
Got that face you can't forget.
Hyatt Place staff recognized me instantly.
And, put me in the exact same room I was in last month.
Scary!
I don't have your number .
I thought I did
EVERYONE SHOULD GO CHECKOUT AND
20 minutes away from home
sucks to suck.
it helps your game son...lol
Uhm.
How the hell did I LOSE one like?
C'mon people...get me to 300 so someone can get a free tshirt!
Been nose to the grindstone, sleeping just when others are waking, then waking an hour later.
Will have the site up soon!
hacked by mauhaha love u sis!
everyone plz add if you are a true friend to Amber!
Some online applications have hidden timers, and companies will just ignore apps when people take too long.
yes, thinking of switching from andoctorid to iPhone 4S.
except keep hearing good things about Nexus Prime.
torn :
Long day wishing I was tired.
i like girls with a nice personality MARRY ME.
10 official requests for a state or congressional recount have been filed, incl all 3 possible congressional districts
way to go girl..Wassup these days hope all is good!!
Do you have a show planned for Chicago yet?
Me:This will make it all stop.Ur runny nose, ur coughs, ur insomnia.
Her: Sounds like a gospel song right now.
It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect It's successful outcome.
It will be okay, just pray over it.
don't press your luck :p
watched 4 years ago,he was just a small town kid from canada,never thot he would be a world wide phenomenon but
Wow, so I tripped in my room and now my ankle, hip, and knee are throbbing.
2nd interview with Linked In tomorrow.
Please dear Lord grant me favor and allow me to standout amongst so many candidates.
Need sleep bad.
But when I get home 9 hours from now I will be too charged up to sleep.
Love the graveyard shift
Cocktail of the day: Blueberry Lavendar Margarita Tequila, blueberry, lavendar sugar, touch of lime.
You're welcome Monday
Somebody To Go Out There Way With No Shame Just To Put A Smile On My Face 
Moonball from Deng!
Great way to end the quarter!
Today we are teaching our after school youth about the we want peace campaign and showing the we want peace video by !
I'd like to think that you're worth my time, but you embody everything that I hate.
NEW DIRECTIONS FINALLY WON HELL YEAH.
So much fog can't even see my school....
i would trust you ma
It is time to get ready to research, document, and write a library service report.
Last week, I compared the library to a supermarket.
W.O.W
My boss told my coworkers, No matter how rude something is, if Melinda says it, people LOVE her for it!
I hope you are rethinking your position and you are standing up for the USA as GOP candidate!
Playing golf with my dad next weekend in Memphis.
I'm jonesing for some golf.
well...
i am a bird watcher.
Yes!
The Homie Instigate and his girl are town!
Gonna be a reunion!
I wish you were here.
I want you with me right now...
hold the bitch , jus sold the bitch , fuck you pay me what i told the bitch.
cocaine
This will go down as Dallas' worst playoff loss ...
Never ceases to amaze me how this is missed.
Or how QR codes are added to locations where NO human could possibly scan.
JANE BARTEL ROCKS at Wits!!
omg stop  im gonna cry when u leave me
You win :P
That is total bull.
Saw that movie last year, and it desperately needs to be seen by as many teens/adolescents as possible.
My brain isn't sure if it's still late from the Springsteen concert or really this early a trek to LAX...
first option seems less painful
I don't care if people take them, I just wish I didn't have to know about it.
Internet Explorer, the Nickelback of internet servers.
I should do my hair now because i will not have the time to do it tomorrow
thanks for following!
Have you had a chance to check out Antengo?
hey i am the hugest fan of you, no lie.
it would mean the world to me if you followed me back.
also go hunger games!
doctoram as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today.
what does the even mean?
too bad I'm already a follower!
:
matter of time befo them white people get pissed off
I hope so lol
Another rainy day on LI, at least its just Monday
Thank you, I'm not sure what to do.
Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 followers.
Don't forget to shop today!
fashion followMONDAY 8
going to sleep goodnight 3
I've been fixing things for almost 7 months now.
I spent lots of money on my doctoram.
I just hope everything will be fine.
Dont forget to join us Saturday for the Circle 5K race and our very first sale here at WhatKnots!
Counting down the hours...
RT : Young Alumni Happy Hour tonight at Binkleys on 54th and College!
67:30 p.m.
awesome...I think we can make that happen :
Italy Misses Kidoctoruhl gtfo already.
There is a lot of place he havent even been to yet, like Norway and Sweden!
Give them a chance.
Looking for others interested in sharing a 4 pack of tickets to see Seth Godin speak on June
4 Days and 21 hours until !
Make sure you stop by the for some fun family activities, we are open daily
Protest oligarchic power, backroom dominance of government  usurping of the regulatory structure from within.
Still looking for a good Cleveland restaurant?
Check us out sometime.
Ahh, a face only a mother could love.
i'm practical...old fashioned...ESQUIREWAG
Just a few days left!
Donate 2 canned food items at St.
Rose/Eastern location for , receive a free med iced/hot coffee
thanks TJ!
You rule.
MCC is seeking hightech companies for Career Exploration night.
Doing something cool that would excite your future employees?
Call 2923748
How did you find out about the summit?
nowlistening Reunited by Peaches and Herb.
Haven't heard the song in a while and I love the old school.
Perhaps will get to take your class in the future.
Alums have to line up behind currently enrolled students.
Happy holidays.
Have you used Mozilla Popcorn Maker yet?
What are your thoughts?
Sees caller I.D.
Keti  Picks up phone.
Me: Hello?, Keti: We love you dawn, bye now.
The good news?
I have to write a Civil War book.
The bad news?
I have to write a Civil War book...
pumped for 3 hrs of sitting
Timbers' fans Geoffrey C.
of the Oregonian is on sports sunday tonight.
Tweet in a question B4 6pm.
We'll use it in our segment.
The burger idea was definitely on the brain.
hahhaa that took a really long time!
If you wish to take courses in ESL subject areas, you will want to explore the Western International University
I caught a piece of it while my lakers got smoked.
Its awful.
Stereotypes sistas as loud n aggressive.
Working on a new blog!
Gentlemen, what is something you'll never understand about women?
Ladies, what will you never understand about men?
you rock!!
Walked away and came back I got mentions for things that have nothing to do with me.
Agreed!
Didn't know you were a Stillers' fan.
Another thing we have in common.
Don't mind me, desksobbin' at a 6YearOld boy with Cerebral Palsy walking to his Marine dad for the first time.
Yea ..lol but tell me u feel me on this one?: Swagger?
No?
Lol too close?
It's almost Easter, world!
Red Space Gallery is reverently hoping for good news to come from the ideafund oh please, oh please.
please follow me cause i will NSN!
and there will only ever be Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 11
what's your email?
RANDOM CHUCK NORRIS MOMENT!
Some magicans can walk on water, Chuck Norris can swim through land.
DAMMIT!
Guess I don't need to worry about the NHL playoffs this year.
Heat playoffs it is.
MYSTRANGEADDICTION .
THESE PPLEZ SO CRAZY IM LYKE OMG REALLY !
Patrick, you look pretty darn cute in your avatar.
:
Yay, my Kroger can do it, thanks!
The only fake friends I had when I was young were my imaginary friends.
Now I can't even keep track ...
But then i have to like get up.
And quickly apparently.
'Josh Hutcherson caught buying alcohol.'
lol I settled, and didn't read it.
too long.
lol
They just took me out the convo lol its cool doe.
I'm goin to sleep goodnight
Don't give up on your doctorams....
they're out there...
waiting on you.
When the smog lifts in Los Angeles, U C L A.
Kobe now listed as gametime decision with stomach ailment after he misses shootaround.
Is there really a chance he'll miss this game?
you're getting your transplant?
Imagine how many lives you could change, how many days you could brighten simply by responding in kindness.
Do you use Referral Networking as part of your marketing strategy?
If so, check out
Your mad because I did the right thing.
nite tweeps...it's been fun...
I tried stepping over one of my dogs and ended up stepping on my other dog.
Im just Jazzy.
Take it or take a hike.
: playing with introfly.
it's dope man.
thanks!!
Funny thing because I hate raisins!
Thanks Dani.
Happy Valentines Day!
Love u!
xo
he was talking about me.
Can someone please tell that we needn't be shy with butter anymore?
Two for one hash caps at The Clinic today!!
ah damn it why ; try sending another message then
Cameron is rocking those skinny jeans.
The way UK has been playing in the SEC Tournament, I wouldn't count on it yet.
I c u free bra dae was tryna pin a nigga down on sum
Apple pie and ice cream for dinner?
Sounds like a plan!
Good morning!
Happy Friday!!
bitch ass need tissue
I'll take world peace if that's on offer.
:
you should chat with about ultra advice!
That's what a deposit is for  It's your protection against this exact scenario.
I haven't listened to it yet myself.
About to.
RT : RT : RT : S/O to all my followers doe  Hell Yes
If you call yourself a Social Conservative, you HAVE to support GOP nominee.
He's the only one who will nominate originalists to SCOTUS
I have a confession to make..I think I'm actually starting to like some country music...I have TWO stuck in my head right now..help me.
..
Bruno Mars is our winner.
Brunz you are the best.
God gave you an awesome gift.
Thank you so much for sharing it with us.
Mondays Free Salsa Lesson and Dancing at Talara's tonight.
For details, check out my website www.baltimoresalsablog.com/monday.html
I saw red.
R.I.P Jani Lane!
Hope 2 see u at uncle johns cabin.
I hope I got that last song reference right?
A note for all my 'slactivists' out there: retweeting on twitter doesn't mean you are actually doing something
did you apply by emailing ?
The Back Street Boys' documentary on tv tho?
Hi, I'm the editor for HighGlitzLounge.
Would like to interview you about your reign and platform.
lmfao I told u it was fake
Hey can u wish me a happy birthday I'm a huge fan
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Dentek Electric  Battery and most oral care products.
yes awesome
and my friends and lover.
Woe is me, watching snow accumulate from a Starbucks outside cville.
Haven't witnessed a good use of brethren in a while.
Actually, had to look it up.
Sale and Jansen just became closers.
Crap!
Sweet!
Criminals are like raccoons, Ok?
Give 'em a taste of cat food and pretty soon they'll be back for he whole cat!
Dwight
So happy that won Top Chef.
Was rooting for him the whole season!
Club Sirius tonight!
No cover downtown SA!
Amazin doctornk specials!
Dont miss out!
More gold has been mined from the thoughts of men than has been taken from the earth.Napoleon Hill
Haha yes and hobos really do eat beans!
xD
THE HAMMER
I really want to tweet about how much I hate Japanese right now, but I can't think of anything clever.
I wish!
Hahaha!
And I'd love to give him one!
:
ok!
Thanks babe!
: Now everytime someone asks me if I know portugese I'll throw out this line ;
JBSOMEDAY I will get notice by
reading bitches for blood!
it's all true.
i'm super excited to see your booth!
xoxo
how was prom?
who are you?
do you even go here?
There's also registration info!
RT I votesmart by using online rep finder for friends who have moved to new areas.
Today perfect prototype day: bk club, rewriting policies, lots of job search help, prep for job forum tmister Next: spking at Town Board mtg.
whaaaa?
I'd take Harper's over the NYT any day
about to hit the stage at The Legendary Dobbs after opening for earlier at the Keswick ..
giving a belated b'day to the homie chrisbrown ready to pick up the new single with
I agree to an extent but think Gamel has more upside then McGehee and not sure about Pena, solid D but low ba and streaky.
.
Don't walk by 's desk now.
She's looking for a few hard crossword answers.
She's dyspeptic if you don't know.
My doctoram job is to work in the advertising and marketing departement for the CHICAGO BLACKHAWKS!!!!!!
Just keep it up!
Done at the gym.
Tell you're friends they can fall back.
true story.
South Jordan Middle Class of '12 pictures today.
Girl is eating french fries with a chopstick!
Shady, 2 months left so I ain't frontin.
Yep, we sure are!
I stress it cuz there's ppl commiting suicide for the jokes.
I lost a friend to that joking shit and I don't like seeing it.
Archer and Boo, two longtimers here were adopted into the same home yesterday!
Yay Archer and Boo!!
:
That's what I'm here for!
Tickets are still available for Hellogoodbye!
Get yours today at the Brooks Lounge!
I don't believe in wasting time, you can't justify time being wasted so make the most of if !
you have a great day too!
Strategically planning....
MORE TO COME PEOPLE!!
STay Tuned
welcome to summer.
Nothing like riding the train downtown to surprise a friend, only to have them decide theyd rather go home and nap.
Excited to be collaborating with on our first client project together!
Merry Christmas!
Celebrate the Savior today and remember that because of Him you can have peace, joy and hope in your life!
haha you're welcome!
It sounded so nice.
Getting my hair done by ms.
Seanna :
U know u had a good workout yesterday when everythin u worked out is sore
I read something funny, that I never heard before: men are like buses, you miss one  another will come on right behind so you catch it.
what up!
I'm in
well, are you ok?
when your parents piss you off over stupid shit!
Dude, blindfold was pretty neato...
its funny how in longest yard, all the black ppl step in and are all magically amazing at football
my turn for bed time.
Exactly an hour after you...maybe cause a time zone away :
Back to my earlier observation about this being fast paced.
Both teams need to downshift a gear or two
Please tweet pictures of these finds for those of us who can't attend.
I'm hearing a lot of that.
thanks for the response!
thanks for the heads up, totally doing that!
:D
No problem!!
It's a subject close to my heart.
It feels like Friday 2 me
intel?
:RT : spending the afternoon visiting jewelry stores...what should I shop for today?
Ginsberg reflection, Martian soliloquy basically sums up the entire theme of the series.
about to go on a long walk with my doggy :
Tonight 68pm: Wine, beer, music, art!
Closing reception for 2 ceramic sculptors.Listen to electric fiddle, see gr8 contemporary local art
Come in and see the new look of our store  let us know what you think!
i heard about it and saw pics.
Tell me who you got in the KnicksHeat series.
I really wish he was here with me :/
RusherPartyingWorldWide so proud of u well deserved da win da just prove how awesome u r my idol?love ya?
Just read a MadMen recap that was longer than the show itself.
The reader already knows the show's premise: cut to the recapping.
Emily...Worst Bachelorette Ever
LOL!!!!
Mabey one day we both can meet them it would b super Awesome if we did :
Does that mean your leg is feeling better?
I hope so!
You offend me then compliment me makeyourmindup ily though baby cakes RT : I miss your sexy ass ;
e  don't lie!
Going hard in the paint!
ah I just got this and I tried to set up my FaceTime but it won't let me ah
First outdoor of the year: always a source of inspiration.
heard u were runnin around the city...
Thas nice to know
hahahaha i know you are
I love you to the moon and back  3
Follow me and find out more about my book
I will give it a shot.
Thanks.
Golden Globes or Downton Abbey?
Was cool having in studio for the launch of on  welcome to Denver's Sports Station, Stink!
can't wait for the unconventional convention
Older I guess...
Not quite the joints I had in high school.
ya tengo la laptop descompuesta de lo que babie
Bait Car oh it's filmed in ATL.
Criminals that aren't very bright.
LOL
Listening to BOYFRIEND in chorus sectional!
Am iI the only one that thinks it's a foul to elbow someone in the face?
Haha, is there an echo in here??

Which Balboa Park area bars are running specials this weekend for the R'n'R marathon?
texting bitches and watching movies is how I roll on sundays
Where my PYT at??
Idk why niggas talkin about Lebron, he is the reason the heat are even in the postseason.
thank you for your comment :D
Artists need loyal fans!
It cultivates longivity of their creativity.
FF Some of my fav health tweeps!
Happy Friday!
Chima is not a poor's man Fogo De Chao
We are getting an estimate for hardwoods throughout the rest of our house today bc our carpet tastes are too expensive.
:
Thank you starting fining the floppers.
Local gouvernments have to work together and the UN has to take the leadership to doctorve us to the right way.
Your NOT Team Tatted If Yu ONLY Have 2 Tattoos Lbs !
What up big Dog its Cliff in LA now Vegas.
Holla at yaboy.
Oomf is so ratchet
Ah I love thunderstorms 
as another of your now defunct employees said, we changed the world and we did it with style.
Best wishes.
Just applied to open for Never Shout Never in Anaheim CA on April 28th.
Not expecting anything, but who knows what could happen:
hi what's up
I have the best boyfriend in the world 3 I'm glad your always there for me babe!!
I love you3 forever and ever :
NEVER Give Up!!
No matter what, keep pushing forward!!
RT For a gallant spirit, there can never be defeat.
Wallis Simpson
Woot!
Glad to hear the upgrade went smoothly for you.
:
ill get you a link hold up
The mention of 'QR codes'  'Viral' r pissing a lot of people off
you and the damn Kings LOL
Celebrating Mother's Day by having mister.
O open presents...can't wait for her to unwrap Usher....
You damn right I just saw a cowboys fan trying to come over into my lane so I sped up and didnt let him over lol
goodluck today at your interview!!
Nickname I was given by an uncle when I was a teenager because of my love of 1950's scifi films.
Be nice to the ppl you meet on the way up cause your going to bump into the same ppl on the way down.
This callux dude is make me pissed, get a life.
Only the trashy songs by Keha RT : songsonnikousweddingplaylist Anything by OneRepublic
Kentucky Club!
Benjamin Saenz!
Book cover photo contest!
Send your best shot of the Ave.
Juarez bar to
About to do the same...
what is going on?!
where's our websites and where's the support?
Pay Back on Madison St!
Who's celebrating in locker room tonight?
Daaaaa Bulls!
Enjoy the ride Pacers!
Dam talk about worse news of the day 
Everyone send good thoughts to today as she completes our move into our new apartment without me!
keep it cold!
and enjoy your day.
but not : The Parker Jotter
Hello Kaitlin.
Your posts are clever.
What would an NHL Trade Deadline prayer be?
The Rangers need a keep team intact one...
I heard your going to school out here
Ha, this is the problem with living with close female friends!
I also make her open jars when I can't do it.
This watching what I eat buiz is the hardest ever..but it's worth it!
Chris Roberts of El Paso Times gets honorable mention in freedom of information reporting at
The only good thing about 16 is having Toffoli every day
You, too, Deborah!
I'll be in touch about this week...best to you and keep swingin' :ED
Walk..Learn..and Grow..
Have not heard any rumors of trade for WO.No disrespect for other Ravens pics, but we need more offense :.
don't worry bro is just another haters man so just do like I do brush your shoulders off good luck this season
Also why won't you let me purchase another shirt today?
But it is ok, I tricked the system and used a different email
what expertise does your buddy have?
Some students at UNL are looking for any feeds, podcasts, twitter for humanities research to build an iOS app.
Do you have any to share?
Dude for UK just took some balls to the face!!!!
think im pussy test a pussy u gon catch a pussy 1 in yo head thats aextra pussy
MomentsICanNeverForget the ride from South Texas to New york afraid knowing my fam could be caught
that sounds like a job for
hey alex!
how are you?
:D
Well played Pirates...well played..
Republicans are SO STUPID!!!
Yeah, more government fails, but you need MORE GOVERNMENT to fix the more government.
DUH!!!
Taxil Technologies welcomes John Kosic to the sales team.
Follow him
Set Picture not picture lol
they are dating!!
He's not ready to tell us.
Coughing up 65 bucks every four days at the pump is getting old.....fast!
Why put quotes on twitter from books you never opened?
I don't know why Tristan act so shy knowing he aint
Yes.
RT : FINISHED MY PAPER NOW TIME FOR SEVERAL POUNDS OF CHINESE FOOD.
haha I feel that it is too sensitive a subject for facebook just yet
Bless iced coffee for always being my rock when times get tough and I walk aimlessly around the city.
You keep me semisane.
Paws up!!
It's Friday!
and our favorite
cute!
;oP
If you don't like how things are, change it!
You're not a tree.
Jim Rohn
What is your school doing with k5 to honor 911?
Any recommendations?
coming to visit your hometown today.
Plan on having some sherry in the bawdy house.
I'll be riding the escalators in front of the Gap all night.
I know that I'm a psychopath but I guess it's ok some times.
Just got home from school is it weird that we have a poster hanging in our class room???:/
I hope my Red Envelope is filled with 20's this year.
If it weren't a sunday, I might feel good about being out of the house before 8am.
Photo gig...
I can't believe I'm actually on schedule
My followers are WACK right now !!!
You betcha!!
: I've come to the conclusion that watching TV all day is great.
At Java Monkey and a group consisting of black guys and white guys discussing how only pretty white girls get free doctornks.
It needs to be 80
haha i gotcha
steak and eggs.
Pickled eggs and slim jim
200 a pile is LOT of money!
Our society is too much dependent on gas, oil and coals.
Dawwww gurl you are just the greatest.
My heart beats for you.
fellow jay severin fan, Tweeter, conservative smart ass.
follow for follow?
maybe if you come visit ; 333
I have some 94 white, black, and beryl green, what should I paint?
Modern Family wins!!!
best looking cast at the
Lmmfao on tha floor!
He f'ing found it!
Wow
Let me Love you Now; let loose the god within!
This is your higher self talking here, lets pretend...
So when you're lost and you're tired, when you're broken in two, let my love take you higher 'cause I still turn to you.
One of our engineers is going to !
Who else is going?
If you're a customer of ours, shoot us a DM or tweet for a lunch in Vegas!
shoutout to my mother for not raising me to be a complete moron like 99 of my generation
Ciao everyone!
Beautiful Thursday morning; stop by for a delicious freshly made Raspberry Bomba  an ice coffee!
:
PhD students should make their dissertations applicable to academic and nonacademic paths
Out for the best dad in the world's birthday : Happy Birthday Love youu!!
So..
Everyone who is complaining about the Colts cuts today are NOT allowed to jump on the bandwagon in 2 years when we ROCK again!
good to see you in Austin today!
hope to catch up tomorrow at big data doctornkup before you get back to taking over the world!
:
Missed a call at midnight, voicemail: Sheri, where are you, you're on the schedule tonight.
Oh, Sheri's gonna be in trouble.
A soul without salvation is just like the walking dead.!
Not sure.
At the store
Chris Davis, who is 07 and has struck out 5 times today/ has just struck out Saltalamacchia.
In the AL.
Vancouver radio daze: Team 1040 celebrates while CKNW gets back in the game
Notification are nice for decoupling but boy are they are a pain the a to debug
IS THE MOST AMAZING PERSON EVER HE IS AN INSPIRATION FOR ME!
I LOVE HIM SO MUCH!
FOLLOW HIM!!
: np Notorious Thugs  Notorious B.I.G!!
Also sick!
LolI'm listening to that right now x
hey !
good running into you 2 the other day.
I think the best person to get a hold of would be gr8 guy
Ever regret something you said on twitter?
Richard Nixon probably knows how you feel.
Hey WatchESPN make me watch ads, answer surveys, or actually make me pay for the app but subscribe to cable?
That is counterintuitive
It sure be some captaininsavahoes in the gym...MANE!!!
Oh.
Link to the pin?
UPR / PRS is going to be featured on the KCAL 9 TV show Best Deals at 6:00 PM, if you're in the Los Angeles area, check it out!
hey people :
Sweet.
and then the Pastrana tapestries at National Gallery.
I'll know I've found The One when I've met a girl willing to walk down the aisle to Morbid Angel's Chapel of Ghouls.
yet i'm sexy
yea ..
Ah this is a necessity , i need to see my second boyfriend again ;
I can't imagine atl ever being overplayed
Roll.
Roll it gyal.
Roll it gyal.
roll.....
oh  I'm not hating I just dislike her with a passion .
GoAvsGo beat cancer
Yea PR and Social Media, u?
thank you 3
Riding the bus is exactly like ordering from the Soup Nazi.
Passengers are damned if they do, damned if they don't.
What's the hardest job to train for?
I HAD YO BITCH POP ON MY DICK LIKE SHE FOR WHEELIN
Can we please retire the gate suffix when talking about scandals...
or would that cause a scandalgate?
It is.
I go there and get punched in the face for a quick pickmeup.
Out of the 4,255 donors to giveBIG, 1,013 are new donors!
This makes giveBIG even BETTER!
The BEST thing about banking  arvestbank is that there is one on every corner!
And in Walmart!
Convenient!!
you sound surprised.
It's new jersey!!
I need to hit the studio
Do you have a question about something in your life right now?
Imagine taking 2 minutes to ask your body the answer.what does she say?
if u can rt a buckeye fan y want u rt a huge ky fan.
Go BIG BLUE
Damn all these applications for summer jobs 
Within you, I lose myself.
Without you, I find myself wanting to be lost again.
Unknown
yeah!
Lol heard that song on the radio.
Need to be perfect
Come to my acting class tonight .
Learn the art of booking acting jobs.
We will be at Pearl Studios 500 8th Ave room 414.
Class 20.
Food  Community Fellows, Kellogg Foundation  increase ag  farmer diversity beyond foodie crowd.
is prepping for media training session with client, video shoots, and awards show scripting.
Last films at CIFF this year: Aki Kaurismäki's Gold Hugo winner, Le Havre, and the surprise screening, Margin Call
Busy weekend, but maybe will be able to stop by.
RT Milwaukee's Wingfest April 15th see you there??
Usually the loudest person in a room is the weakest
right, and if you can make a living doing comm/vo, take that money and do your passion projects on the side...
i want to see you again, but i'm stuck in colder weather..
umm what prize what are you talking about
not me!!
The Smithsonian would be AWESOME.
I really want to go to The Louvre.
..not that I know of but you never know!
I wish terrible harm to santino.
I need to make me smile and be happy right now 3
Just got back from an amazing weekend away in PA.
So grateful for all the amazing people in my life!
That does not mean that I am not hurting the next day.
I can barely walk most of the time.
i have no friends m/
...served them very well and has provided a great return on investment for them.
Tear this place apart until you find me hiding, silently I wait.
You'll be excited just to see me someday.
Everything's ok.
Thanks for the RTs good people!!!
OneCity!!
NotAPrisonThemeSong ClimaxUsher
On my daily grind.
Chasing doctorams takes persistence, faith and diligence.
Success is not an option.
It is a definitive goal.
Prosecutor AngelaCorey is smart as hell!!!!
I need her part of my team...
I'm always on the move but I have a feeling I'll be back.
We shall see what will be.
All a girl wants is to feel beautiful, to be loved and to be treated with respect.
What's up Seattle?!
Thanks so much for the support!
Hand tossed!
: And once again is not rocking the stage  he's ripping it apart.
m2c2012
Like What?
U still Doing Stand Up?
on tap, Torpedo Extra IPA
nothing like a little adele unplugged and blueberry sour cream pancakes to start off the morning...
I am looking for a good runing car..who got a car for sale ????
Get at me plz..
I predict Jessica Sanchez will be eliminated tomorrow.
That's how it SHOULD go.
heck yeah!
I just dont get why that guys always in his movies lol :
Brisk and gusty...but that wont stop the silverlake farmers market..join us!!
Now2pm
You know things are great, when your husband sneezes  instead of bless u you say fuck u
I just want to fly to San Antonio, walk into Austin's room, whisper in his ear, I love you, thanks for inspiring me, hug him  leave.3
I forgot that we also lost in walk off fashion, to the Phillies, last year.
Difference: Brandon Lyon was the goat.
Know that you've done the work to deserve the victory.
Wow, was great!
The music is incredible and the cast brings it home.
Don't forget tissues.
wassup everybody hows everyone's day going
I'm very glad I was able to cover the WPS, I made life long friends w/ coaches, staff, players and fans!
Chin up the pitch is still green
I'm still back home and missed your episode.
Do you know when it will air again?
But I'm sure you did a nice job!
:
FOLLOW ME PLEASE: x11
Haha I do that all the time.
Dont worry youre normal.
:P Or we're both crazy 0.o
Flop city call on that play
The best things in life are the people we love, the places weve seen, and the memories weve made along the way.
see you here at
Hahaha!!
That's funny though
Hello stranger
Ik :/ Hey do you wanna hang tomorrow with tyler and his friend?
Happy Friday the 13th!!
More hours need to be added to the day in order for me to get more sleep.
This whole, being sleep deprived because of hw thing is not cool:
Can Lindsay carry a tune?
when you're awake.
University of Houston and Rice are too far.
Until I get funded I can't spend too much gas money.
China is new on my plate!
Go AZTECS!!
RT : I think we need an I Believe chant!!
Let's go Aztecs!
Mistaken Love
Sitting next to a annoying guy in biology
Off to diner at Sharkey's  Grizzlies Game fun night!!
Yippee!
OK, the LPC made a constitutnl change.
It's still about engaging w Cdns  giving Cdns reasons to engage with the LPC
1st 100 folks in the door at tonight's fundoctoriser at Chris Jazz Cafe get a free gift!
NHS Induction ceremony tonight..gonna be a long night.
Never hated a player more than ReggieMiller but much respect for him and congrats on HOF induction
Take a moment  realize that you will affect everyone that you interact with today in a  or  way/make a  impact in someones life today.
Good morning.
Bring happy doesn't mean everything is perfect, it just means you've decided to look beyond life's imperfections.
Rev Run
Wow, how gracious!
Rolling Stones cover tweet.
late night ihop run with the crippled
Freeworld taking ova be on the look out lol shouts to all the famz ones again
Wrapped another day on Teen Wolf...good times takin a hit
Oh Bridget on on NECN...please specify who thought Biden made gaffe...don't news folks mention this sort of thing?
Awesome!
Are y'all planning on joining us this year?
IT'S FRIDAY!
I'm ready to go home to my wife and little girl.
Emanuel Accepts Job as Obama Chief of Staff.
my mom said u look better than me and cried
Great lunch!
Nice mtg u as well.
Follow again soon!
Because we think with the WrongHead 99 of the time..
RT Why are guys such pigs?
:
thanks darling!
u have pretty blue eyes:
pretty sure the family guy episode with is hilarious
I only have one on vinyl..the atlas 10
oh tight hug back :333
My British girlfriend has never heard of Dave Matthews Band
Much tougher game expected.
Props to IU...they played beyond themselves.
Cal and Crean both earned their money tonight.
Crazy FT for UK.
she flipped on you for no reason today..
and she never ever yells at anyone else for eating....lol
The stupid BS about Jessica Simpson's baby has been preempted for the president's speech.
THERE IS A GOD.
Stupid hungry right now!
Can we agree the evidence we're looking for is more than test scores?
Please.
wheniwaslittle I pretended my name was Belle from Beauty  The Beast
Taylor wasn't left out, he just wasn't picked!.
I lived in NC from 2008 until October of last year.
It's a great state.
Make it better by voting against Amendment 1 today.
and thanks so much for coming out and supporting us!
ok.
On My TW box, it's built in.
beautiful very :
Fuck yeah!
You're hot!
RT : RT : Though is about to launch v1 soon, I'm already hungry to begin work on v2 of the system!
welcome bro love you
craigslist my friends
haaha ya they are nice i love them hahaha come to the lab then u can haha
How about keeping the name?
Kodak will still be making movie film in 2012.
Excuse my language but I think my dick throws balls harder than mark Sanchez
Love that term.
Get off the schneid means to break through a bad streak.
It's an old baseball term re: slumping hitters.
And the boos ensue for Brauny
Hello World!
For something more rustic just outside of Torino, I remember liking Bel Deuit when I was a grad students in TO.
If you are on Godís side.
retweet this.
If youíre on the Devilís side, keep scrolling.
WVU NCAC board meeting at Ragtime  good time with everyone and lots of hard work for some great upcoming events!
Seriously, Lamar and rob 
My dog greets me at the door everyday when I come home from work.
Makes me forget about the bad day I had.
what the hold up on getting players we need like 4?
I should really change my voicemail to Please don't leave me voicemail...
This Dude Really Stink Doe, I'm Real Disappointed.
it was delish!
It would've been good to tell me Ms X had maternity leave, before I moved all those accounts to her.
Pasadena is claiming a state of emergency due to some high winds?!
SoCal, you know nothing of the crunch.
you looked pretty spiffy biebs;
Thanks buddy!
Hope you have an awesome weekend!
I absolutely loved your blue doctorss at pandora's party!
it was super gorgeous!
who is your favorite designer??
xoxo
Its gloomy out but the party is still going tonite at Brass Monkey Milw 700 East Layton!
DJ at 9pm  a few of the Best behind the bar!!
And I'm pretty sure the only one who can in jeans too.
Soundchecking at 321 local!
Get your butts out here and have some fun!
Did Thai Place close?
be pullin girls........dont ask how i know just follow this guy 4REAL.
outlook calendar on your pc doctorpping appts from outlook cal on ur mac and vice versa?
is fixing that for clients
im serious as shit tho, im riding a bike faithfully to school this year Rain, Snow, Heat.
Eddie Murphy making white and black people laugh together.
A real civil rights pioneer right there.
I mean I am good bur just sad
Anarchism is founded on the observation that since few men are wise enough to rule themselves, even fewer are wise enough to rule others.
Gym or Beer?
I have some ideas for an internet TV station and could go for a cold one.
Anyone doctornking in East Falls?
Resorted to frozen dinners tonite anything to keep from grocery shopping or consuming the giant bag of fresh spinach I bought.
dude you are so cute!!
I'd Peter Griffen
Suh is a big bitch.
My Teacher said Come Back to the class room.I said I'm right here, my mind just left.She said oh wow so what do you want to do?
I said sleep
Just call it please.
Thanks
haha awesome.
Good times with cast and cats!
Lol
Some things r just 2 hard 2 overcome, that's why sports mimics life
It's Taco Tuesday!
What's your favorite spot in SD for yummy tacos?
So Dick Lugar is out the office now?!
Thats worse than the time mister Coleman became Asst.
Principal at Fulton Jr.
High.
On the ground in Philly  YAY!
Can't get home to my family fast enough!
I have a FEMALE friend...but I admit it : we do fuck sometimes.
Saw comment about 2.01 coffee; writing about Starbucks.
Want to chat?
Please send phone  or email me at
Bed all day, sure :
Cat has got me out of bed to get her breakfast, then look in the garden, now she looks like she's ready for her first nap of the day!
Happy New Year everyone B safe.....mo fuckaz
: I'll settle for greatest hits.
Colman and I can spend our two months in the car refining our jazz palate.
RT Whenever someone inserts a USB stick the wrong way into a computer, a nerd ejaculates in his pants.
Enjoy dinner at Barra Barra Saloon from 4:455:45PM, while listening to the modern flamenco style fuses of NovaMenco!...
Sweet personality
No, JP was joking.
I saw a lot of other players flat give up, so everyone needs to look in the mirror after this one.
Hey, , thanks for following.
Can't wait to try my new ExoticHeirloomTomato varieties.
Neither can my pups, esp 16yr ol Pug!
that's rift:lol.
How did it go?
Shrugs Fine.
Same old.
You'll never find the right person if you don't let go of the wrong one.
Random jazz band during halftime of a college basketball game?
Sure, why not?
Life is right when it has meaning.
Increase your wealth and health status Find out about the trend!
suzanne.snackhealthy.com
Or someone could buy me the Mizuno's for my birthday.
Size 7.
Hint hint
When you hear no in a sales situation, do you stop there or do you hear that as maybe?
Means you haven't shown enough value.
Try again
Chamber supports a robust International Affairs budget for the State Department and other agencies,
Hate when a guy refers to his girlfriend as his bitch .
hi!!!!
pinterest will work for video and images..
but not text  there doesn't seem to be anything out there!!!

would hope so.
It's absolutely his choice.
thanks for the RT!
Just realized a few hours ago that I'm taking my ACT tommorrow...completely unprepared but it's all good ;D
you may be writing good code if you are working w/ devs who quit their day jobs and getting other to do the same.
webdev jquery css3 doctorpal
Dani's Foundation Golf Tourney on June 25 at Meridian Golf Club in Englewood, CO.
For info, email to
VCU is not a 12 seed.
Terrible seeding but it looks like it will workout okay for them.
Unfair matchup for Wichita State.
As A People tonight  Red Devil Lounge w/ Dubious Ranger and Mass Fiction.
Doors  8pm.
thanks for the followback I added you to my followback list /pplwhowillfollowback please consider mentioning it
wearing a condom, doctornking the blood of 1000 babies and watching Zandig matches.
Love unexpected dinner invites from good friends!
Bookin sessions and booked the rest of this month will be real busy
Green Mile 
finally finished.
Thankyou...
followed the links, reading much to mull.
I like the post that those bloggers/posters are often the leaders.
StressOMeter  breaking point !!!
I like you ;

Hello Eric  very nice to meet you  DJ
WordPress or Blogger???
Why?
Wishing I could be at Coachella right now!
But hey, 's just as good.
:
When it comes to eating right and exercising, there is no I'll start tomorrow.
Tomorrow will come and pass, leaving you in today.
Story Hour with Miss Kathy!
Today at 4:15!
Grand Island Next Week!
I hope I get to see my buddy !!!
:
American Lazarus looks at how early Native American and Af Am writers took biblical tropes...
Naps are ALWAYS awesome!
Today is beautiful and I am loving it!!!!!
If your jobs per year ratio is greater than .5, it's you, not them.
it was deliciously good.
Glad to give you guys a laugh.
Keepin' it loose at the NAIA national tourney.
Just nailed my head on this wall.
Yeah I'm hurtin
RIT has hired B Architects to build their new hockey arena.
Groundbreaking will take place this October.
Arena will be ready for 2014
When I get bored, I like to tweeze my chest hair.
It doesn't take long since I only have 3 hairs.
ThugLifeRon RT How many NBA players will rep their hood at the end of an interview
We're now touring from at our new location at Gateway Park.
We're running tours all day, every day.
Stop by and glide with us!
Maybe I need to manage my time better.
Surf practice for 10/6 is CANCELED due to rain.
Stay posted for Saturday!
I just hope the tramps in training are taking notes.
It'll save them a lot if trial  error time.
The IL state Lottery commercials promotedoctoram big...
by playing the lottery???
What about work hard?
Make something happen?
Pathetic promo
In my room singing : 3
This Last Bullet Aiint Even Worth Wasting 2 Kill Yhu.,!
Go cards!
Hey DeRo, why'd you dive?
I am thinking having a telepractice component, for international people who want services via Skype.
only the 3rd time that I have actually been in a chat, the ability to receive and share information is awesome : 
thank you again for a great night.
Had lots of fun.
That moment you realize you're not playing Centennial Park.
You're playing Bi Centennial Mall.
whoamygoodness wholekidsfestival !
Watching now in Colorado.
Appreciate the balanced presentation.
Look forward to the show.
Thanks for your work/tenacity.
ugh yeah try being friends with a girl whos main doctoram in life is to be friends with them.
OH WAIT.
i'm not friends with her anymo!
kaykay!
Im Bored
The average child recognizes over 200 company logos by the time he enters first grade.
RT : Make sure ya'l follow and support RT
Just played 's new tune 4 the 1st time in LA!
Lovin the new stuff!
Ryan Fox
I Gotta Help Myself Before Someone Else Helps Me..
yeah, I don't really have those off hand..lol
Hey guys haven't been on for a while!
You may thank im crazy and holy but I im but that devil is gone to tell you he not....
you get it he not real but people is witch yourself
shoot me an email I will send you a list of Soul and a list of Funk 45 that are for sale!
Typos are AWESOME!
:P
when is your phone cominq back on Sweetcakes??
I am definitely an introvert
That's be the alley between Hobart Street and Irving, NW.
The 1700 block.
Right outside my back window.
Hey, I speak the truth when it comes to things like this.
That proposal coming along??
:
i love you!
Thank you SO much for everything.
It meant so much to me!
Now answer my text, woman!
:
Horrible headache, not a good way to start the week.
It's that time again....Lollipop Monday's at Colony!
Who's coming?!
www.littleoldladybuyshouses.com is involved with MAPS.
Stay tuned for more info.
sing and dance.
You and alex can.
Yall are good at that;
It always gets fucked up...
Its funny how after years of not hearing a song you can still remember all the runs...
hey.
I've already offered to make u a kept woman.I hav no prob takin care of my women.
Just not home a lot.
thanks man!
RT : are you going to come to the bullfrog on Jan 28th to perform.
Yea what day

A teacher affects eternity; she/he can never tell where his influence stops.
Yo nigga falling off in need of replacement face it pedaltodamedal erthing full
Chris Bosh's wife had a baby at 3:00 am this morning in Miami.
Bosh is trying to hustle to NYC to make it in time for tonight's game.
Good morning :D
We're playing in Portage, IN tonight at the Camelot Hall with some awesome bands.
Who's comin?
Um..
I want that!!
RT : A3.
Nashville: we have a bacon bourbon cocktail.
Wait, that's true.
that's life.
Ur not a real artist if u dnt get hate, deal with it.
Welcome to reality.
S/O to a pretty lady, follow ya boy back iight
...that's really far.
: Whatever you imagine, you can achieve.
Once you realize this truth, no one is going to be able to stop you.
YALSA will be hosting a tweet up to facilitate the sharing of STEM resources and programming ideas today at yalstem at 1 pm Eastern!
President Harry S.
Truman would often go on vacation and secretly have his identical twin Larry run the country.
I am in Orlando!
It is hot!
humid!
Working and have a little fun!!!
It is a true blessings with the opportunities!
Wondering if there is any way we can influence the selection of an RNC Chairman and, if so, who would we want to support.
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!
:
I did not say that I am offended, I said that you are wrong.
Heading back from Durham and the beautiful, very moving funeral for Elizabeth Edwardsproud to have called her my friend.
Damn.
That means a lot.
See ya
LRT, I likes that!!!!
Tonight at 8pm  modular synth demo by , and video/sound pieces by former no wave artist David Linton
The night off following a day game..seems like the haven't played for a year.
damn that's serious lol..
I haven't seen him up there ever since though.
hope ur having fun
But this text I got from this AM that absolutely guaranteed I was going to have a good day.
I'm so damn proud
wedges of what?
Is it Wednesday yet?
Hell yes!
Don't think it starts for another hour.
1:20 Central.
Rumor has it Universal is building a new HarryPotter attraction, and it will be connected to HarryPotter at
for vocals, though: SM7 hands down.
Today, I received the initial design proof for our website from , and was blown away.
I can't wait for you to see it!
If 'the miracle of life' had an 80's rock soundtrack it would be this...
yes, I'm watching
Daja and Snowball Walk Me to the Bustop.
Happy New Year Everyone!
We are closed today to enjoy time with our family.
We will be open tomorrow at 7 am.
Don't feel like you're in your creative flow?
Consider it possible that you still are, but that maybe part of your flow is needing a break.
I'm pretty sure is gonna have a superfun day with We left a happy, active kid this a.m!
cc
Which very popular, much loved chef will be the Celebrity Chef for 2011?
A hint: they are VERY popular on twitter!
there's nothing more heavenly that guacamole done right!
: but at a nonmexican spot?
BOMBA!
giving it up to honeybadgercafe 3 INalhambra
Thanks Eugene!
It's me and my brother's dog who has been nursing me back to health after my surgery.
Good chat with of  earlier today.
Netflix, 2 gallons of water, and
EVERYONE WHO LIKES FOOD, GO FOLLOW
Ah, fun.
I'm sitting outside Takoma right now.
That would explain the holding I've been seeing.
I mean why don't u go to the valley haha jp...I wanna come out this summer to see u guys we have to do it big like old times!
Boons Farm Strawberry!
Good old days!
Lol
Big News for WA Wilderness  Gov.
Gregoire writes letter to Sec.
of AgricultureVilsack urging him to take a time out for Roadless areas
I like that you put the empty champagne bottle in the lost and found and not in the trash.
And again was left behind its okay tho its gonna be the last time and he made that decision by not coming home last night
God is good and faithful and extremely gracious to me when He gave to me to be the priest of our home.
Great priest n warrior!
IO
Please follow back?:
when did it all start moving way too fast for you to handle?
Get ready for a Friday Fun Fest its THE BACK IN THE DAY CAFE with AT NOON EDT.
We're tweeting it old school via
I don't have a clue.
Sorry.
: 2813308004 that's who just won Call up Mike Jones on da low
Ok, so I was early for my appointment.
A whole day early.
And I thought I was running late!
Painting in fake beards and mohawks is kinda difficult but it's totally worth it.
This caught my eye: ...
special collections receiving the greatest attention re: branch libraries.
The problem with a well balanced diet is the amount of chicken wings I have to eat that equals the weight of a dozen beers
Does Dopamine Explain Why Slackers Slack?
1987, me thinks.
Sorry, but you know that Wednesday evenings are off limits at the Hargrove household!
Stretch Marks Pregnancy Answers To Questions  Chad Peterson39;s ...
I have a great blog....
Wanna talk?
Heck yeah!!!
Hearts to all of you!
I got some lameo friends : wish I had someone to bs with at the diner :/
Yes I'm really pissed of tonight
Working hard to keep patients safe so excuse the slow roll of tweets.
This is more about Bubblegum badge an FDA hisstory!
Make sure whatever your doing today that you give it a soundtrack.
he's questionable for tomorrow.
No decision has been made
Every time I see someone wearing those barefoot sport shoes in public, a part of me way deep down inside struggles to not vomit on itself.
Tomorrow is gonna be great regardless of the bad luck today
Seeing a cute couple, and thinking: I want a boyfriend like that.
haha anytime.
And I'll see what I can do about the socks but no promises
: how r the butterflies?
Library Wars, Battle Angel Alita  Enjoy!
Strong bipartisan South Central Indiana League of Women Voters reception last night in New Albany led by Teresa, Barb, Nicole, Jessica!
omg.
One day you'll be happy, because you'll find someone that wants to suck your feet.
hahahah!!!!!
It might be tornado season, but you'll like this gust..The doctornk special is the COOL BREEZE!
Fresh oj, peach and vodka will blow you away!
how can you not have someone to break in case of an emergency?
dear tummy; I'm sorry for all the butterflies, it's HIS fault...
ESPN seems to be for Denver, instead of undermanned
Hello world.
Schedule for the ECF's is out folks.
By the time the rested B's finally take the ice at TD on sat, it will have been over a full wk.
RT : Just followed
I'm sure you're right!
Go for it!
happy sunday!!
We did 'twin' costumes early with our boys.
MMs, pea pods, etc.
Its National Pet Day!
Check out these tips from The American Animal Hospital Association to keep your pet healthy and happy!...
RT Lmbo RT : Beyonce can barely speak let alone write.
Idk why y'all are surprised at that primitive letter
This is how you know I've been married 16 years: I am super excited that I am cooking rice in the rice cooker I got for Christmas.
whenever I get stranded in an airport I make the most of the opportunity to A.
make friends and/or B.
doctornk myself into a stupor.
Collaboration key to innovation, says ATT'.
Dear friends, I am putting together a list of favorite lines/quotes from Hard Boiled Men, what is your favorite one?
Thanks for your support tramon!
send me a copy!
Miss ya bro
Okay, i'm gonna sleep.
BYEBYE.
String Cheese!;'
My dermatologist got busted for being a warthog.
Shot a Norfolk Admirals game last night...23 wins in a row...TJ and DK visits...fun night with old friends.
Purchase college has target archery as a phys.
ed class..
I found my calling
Torrey smith 3 catches in first quarter...
For over 100 yards and 3 tds...
Hadn't caught a pass this season.
People say they love ALL music....then they say except country, rap and classical Well then...
you don't love ALL music do ya?
Happy Valentines Day My Fashionista's!
Looks like it is hit or miss!
Used full and didn't work!
Then it did!
????
To the world you may be just one person, but to one person you may be the world!
Merry Christmas!
after hours !
come by i got you
I'm super obsessed with humus!
Just had a discussion with my dad, who says hip hop isn't music because its too simple.
He doesn't understand...
SMH
Sounds like a plan!
At the Alma PR5 Kickoff  Boston College.
BC Librarians are sharp!
Ex Libris North America, Europe, AustroAsia, and Israel represented!
oh my god, I know.
I can't wait for you to be home.
I miss you a ton.
Margs ASAP, please.
:
Also, I find 's lack of faith disturbing.
cc
Panderer in Chief.
Sucks to come back to work after my birthday weekend
Austin Rivers playing with Doc?
He can run some 2guard with Rondo
nice to meet you too!
This has to be the most annoying day.
Rahm Emanuel has more twitters than a buzzard with its beak in a beaver skin!
Does anyone know which one is official?
Bible: Work hard and become a leader; be lazy and never succeed.
Enjoy rest of your weekend Thx for FF batons passed to
Can I pawn my grill?
lol
it sould be an easy one, good luck!
I was actually watching something else on tv so I flipped back and forth.
But I was mad and didn't really watch the game
This is intense.
Getting heckled for not knowing about the Labs 'Rightside chat' toggle.
It's pretty cool, check it out.
I actually wanna watch that Battleship movie :
The Dbacks needed that one!
Got my first amatuer fight in january.
Gonna be busy training..
Get hard son!
no doubt fam.
Thanks for the follow back
You shall post about this on the site.
What was the first show you ever went to?
Link doesn't appear to work....

I used to be a lifeguard/swim instructor for Milwaukee County Parks and absolutely loved it!
Need something post marked today....any post office in Detroit open late?
the untied shoelaces of your life
Off to a 2nd call back...very hopeful :
where are u going?
Good idea!
I'm starting to think Gallo is a perimeter Nene.
It's definitely the talk of South Bend today!
yay!
Congrats on finishing finals!
Let me know when!
Love ya.
Stop calln him hoe u now wat it is
Not a good day with people
OMG I got to hold it and take a picture with it today!!
I need volunteers again...any takers?
id rather be doctornking a smoothie from Mickey D's arrggg
Invite only dinner from vendor at emschi in the John Hancock center.
Dirty love and fiberglass smiles
I miss my Bacca...
One of the sweetest and kindest people I know...
Proud to call her my daughter!
Psalm 119:10 I seek you with all my heart; do not let me stray from your commands.
What would you do if you knew you only had seconds to live?
I'd make those seconds count.
LMSunSIG looking at Canvas  2 other lms.
We look to see about the responsiveness of potential vendors.
Been impressed w Canvas's response
rap dubstep.
Legit
Good night
A little faith will bring your soul to heaven; A great faith will bring heaven to your soul.
Charles Spurgeon
Him: Is that Liv Tyler's Dad?
Me: Uh, no.
She's Steven Tyler's daughter.
Uh I never do homework..
I come home, tweet,sleep, eat,tweet then sleep again.
can't wait to see later 
Sounds good.
I think I'll get some too...
from Denny's...
lol
renaissance man ; thanks for the star fucking, and the follow
Do you live in Madison WI, if so call today and book your first appointment.
You will get 20 off your three hour appointment.
:D
sending you a DM about a gig...
:
where are d's peeple?
I already know you jammin to that
i was like hell nah LOL
Training in martial arts affects every area of our liveshelps us to be successful and to handle high stress situations with ease.
I disagree.
How did you become famous?
more specific?
I only have 70 of the 1 left on my phone
Would u rather be caught reading Start Late Finish Rich or Love's Final Revenge?
You are what you read!
It's finally Friday!!!
A heartbreak isn't always as loud as a bomb exploding.
Sometimes, it's like a feather falling,  the only person who can hear it is you.
BUSINESS TIME lol
Thanks for the follow.
Great to meet a fellow mystery writer.
i wrote a song called, one direction : hm i think i like it
Get me as many english news anchors as possible!
what's tomorrow??
Very interesting.
Thanks for sharing!
I know.
Obama and the Democrats are such fuckups that the only way people could defend them is if they were paid to do it.
Well I was headache free until about 20min ago.
At school in noisy jr high hallway.
this just made me SMILE thx!
MAKE SURE U LEMME KNO WEN U GET HERE..
I GOT A SUMMER LEAGUE TEAM U CAN PLAY ON TOO
Here I go putting on my headphones  forgetting the music 
now I got these rappers all breakin up a sweat, cuz everytime I get up on the mic I come correct!
ube macapuno ice cream is the best kind of ice cream.
I'm going to yield.
Watch out east side

How are the brown politics going?
you are very welcome!
:
someone asked me if God looks out for us, I said I reckon he does, don't know how we'd make it one day without Him.
Sleeping in a fort made from blankets chairs and futon cushions.
I promise you, Chipper Jones wants no part of my spitter slurve.
Tough week for some great people.
RIP JoePa and Sarah Burke.
Sad to see Giffords have to step down.
Poor Ravens.
I hope they make some moves before Tuesday at 4 p.m.
.
.
.
If you guys haven't read Keret's most recent collection, The Girl on the Fridge, I recommend it.
The new Mayor hasn't been in office a full 24hrs and already his approval rating has doctorpped?
OMG
Front Desk Thurs: Answering questions about sled dog races in Spanish for curious Frenchspeaking Canadians.
Welcome to my world.
I will fuck a bitch up wether I remember or not lmao
you have to line up in the lobby, generally only 12 wired connections.
Live a life with no regrets  do it right.
I dont get ur tweets sent to my phone OO
You can email us at
Special thanks to mister for his 25,000 contribution to Down Syndoctorme Indiana.
What an amazing gift from the heart.
haha maybe she wants you to do fan dinners like JS7 or tv shows.
RV u claimed the title fastest man on2wheels
yeah sure!!
...when your friends go see other DJs instead of supporting you
McCarthy  our coaching staff, Clay, Jennings, Aaron...
sending great updates from Hawaii.
Is Mitt Romney feeling ok?
He looks like he wasn't charged enough.
What's with the face?
you vinny come to my doooods
he's amazing!!!!
Hey Arnold
I'm justsayin you could do better
: Timeline for war is essential for responsible end in
Song playing at the party: Beautiful Day by U2.
Good!
RT : How was it RT : Went amp;amp; seen CabinByTheWoods 
...it will be in a two part series...
What's happening with the Helen Hayes Theatre?
One of my characters: Cynical Anthropology professorssor.
Buy my textbook or you fail.
IPDAE loves Florida's Region I and Lisa Jones  both are inspiring and changing lives everyday
Also, BS Sauce Co.
doing food demo 15pm everything tastes better with a little BS Cheers!
I like you.
Don't ruin it just yet.
Lol, watching Prison break and theres and detective named ' A.
Mahone ' ;
this wait seems to last forever.
PERIOD.
grrr hurrythefuckup Sunday
Belly full and watching the Super Bowl.
Yay!
Tomorrow is Hunger Games day!
So excited to take a group of students to see it after school.
Microwaves: Know who makes a quiet one?
Need the one that doesn't beep every button,  the door doesnt open  close so loud.
My idea gone.
Boxing is DEAD save for Manny Pacquiao
Very pleased with the new Ipod.
Hope it turns into a very useful tool.
when do you need them by?
Damn its so white people.
: 337 run, Can u say beat down!beat down!
rihanna's new gun tat is disturbing!
Independent ha
very true!
My godmoms sis lives there :
Merry Christmas from everyone Have a safe and happy holiday!
Whatta day Des!
Always extra innings close wins for NATITUDE we'll take it.
Tomorrow's coffee of is Cream City Blend, which happens to have the option of Valentine's Day sticker on it.
Get one for your sweeheart!
Trust The Instinct
Just went out to dinner...horrible service.
Made me think of another BizTip: If you don't take care of your customers, someone else will.
Adam Levine: I love you Blake!
Blake Shelton: Love you too!
Adam: Not in a sexual way..
Blake: I can't say the same TheVoice 3
Coins to be made, bills to be paid.
Good Night Twitter
But I loved it!
This is absurd: lost arbitration.
The  is there 2hire some of us back.
Rescind pink slips now!
Checking out the new hooters by rainbow and 215...live music every night!
Pretty cool!
We are underway for the 2012 SBC Outdoor Championships.
Weather delayed the start of the men's and women's multievents.
BBN Be sure to give my peoples a follow, to stay on top of all things related!
that or orange I'm thinking.
Maybe mango?
we are working on the final stages of site, all vendors participating please forward all your products to us.
Generating a Steady Flow of Inbound Sales Leads
There is nobody happier than a truly thankful and content person.
RT  That's why you don't hire an intern to run your F500 social media continuous education for all senior staff
Latin Tinge Thursday's Up Elevated Lounge.
Join us for the sounds of your favorite Salsa, Timba and more.Free dance lessons at 9:00 pm.
Training is everything.
The peach was once a bitter almond; cauliflower is nothing but cabbage with a college education.
Mark Twain
Not even convenience could get me to wear flip flops in this cold weather
my pleasure!
Hope you enjoy the seats!

that's a great one!
And a perfect topic for the crowd.
Thanx!
Trying to fix a soccer ball that I popped lmfao.
:
awesome man!
Then indeed ill see you in a couple hours....andoctoras comin down to htown tonite too
your weird and you scare me :
You're welcome!
We love the work you do
Success is the progressive realization of a worthy goal or idea.
My life went from alright to lovely god is good
i won't!
looking forward to it.
Thanks for the bday tweets!
God blesses me in spite if me.
Praise the Lord
Long day meeting with my photographer tomorrow,finish new sing,and a dinner date.
Whooh
Follow HolidayHQ experts
I need to purchase tea for myself.
Ladd Biro on AM 1300 The Zone talking Fantasy Football now!!!
www.longhornstation.com
HEY GO TO BED YOU !
:P
I'd rather stay friends with benefits 'till we're ready.
Can't wait to watch!
We opted for Big Bang Theory instead and only had time for 1 show last night.
Yeah, the 1760s had its issues.
Boyce was fantastic but JCBach was a pale shade of JSBach.
How much did your Mum  Dad party at the restaurant in Belarus?
Are they still partying?
Congrats
Beware  The Ides of March!
Julius Ceasar killed on his way to the senate...
10 percent?
Would have to involve a trade, since Smith is under contract for 13.2 million next season.
Just thinking how San Francisco will change hopefully for the best in the coming months!
More for the wealthy less for the poor?
Happy Monday!!!
What better way to start off your week than by looking for a new career with a great company!?!
Looking for experienced sal
I'm a JUGGERNAUT when i
If u not going my speed ,stay out my line cuz i will monster truck yo ass.
Thats life
Soo I'm Guessing That Almost All Of Team Mindless OKC Members Is Going To See Jacob Latimore BUT ME!!
D:
Have you ever split a keg with Wade Boggs?
dude them uconn and last i saw long beach state
is the best at what he does..
all bitches that hates on him can truly die  what happened happened..
let it be!
ily chris 3
Ryan Anderson has to make a top 10 most overrated players in the NBA list, right?
Andoctorw Bynum need some Just For Men hair dye, he going grey and he my age!
Athletes always participate the coaches just bluff any one who believes them is a puss
Its bout to hit the fan bro
TODAY IS THE DAY FOR FREE TANS!
ANYONE can TAN in any UV Booth FREE and MEMBERS get a FREE UPGRADE TODAY ONLY!
MYSTIC TANS on SALE 10 each
: We just made eye contact...
she wants the D Definitely aaron goodman haha
ListenUp One thing about me I'm silly funny crazy loving caring sharing daring bad and talented creative appreciating I don't hate either
you betcha!
I took one of your tinctures and I feel better already ;
holy shit this week went by fast!
well i didnt get it but let me check again
I really should stop sleeping in Saxby's.
I think I underestimate the bumishness of this.
Backtoback days riding outside...I think that's a sign that it's about to snow!
yeah , switch it up and get more TREY SONGZ with it !
Yep, new machine, firewall on !
good for demos today...least privilege is a real pain in the !
Maybe WVU could win if they weren't playing against a 6th man
I'm a New Yorker so i'm like, 18 hours away but my dad is a potterhead to so he understands :
It feels good to be back on Amazon Prime.
I guess the nonalcoholic/nondoctorgaddict life has left me with another boring weekend staying in house
you're a pretty little flower, I'm a busy little bee.
Starting off the summer season with new commitments and goals.
Do you have any changes you want to make this summer in Milwaukee?
Juggalo for life bitch!!!!
white people are the devil
RT : major kudos to and Amy Goodman.
we'll check it out 3
my mans ; lmaooooo
outlaw everyday on the front page
I am.
It sucked balls.
There was about 2 diving scenes.
False advertising.
You know it's done right when you go to Hallmark 3
I think that Metro is improving, but it's not going to happen overnight.
Is it tho?
Not really.
So fucking nice out.
I do it all the time
YAY!
mahalo for following the randomness of it all...
Work out done, yard mowed.
Time to grill  have a
Why Are People Hating On .
She Likes Vincent .
So What Half Of The World Does Too ..
Thank you for your continued commitment to the women  daughters of Afghanistan and to the Council
Check out the Handmade Revolution craft show today!
Lots of fun goodies over there!
I'm beyond tired.
I'm going to bed Bri.
Goodnight :
Can't wait for that shrimp!
Of course, the company is always the best part of the dinner!
Smile...
Exactly!
The guy said he knew an English teacher doing it successfully and seemed surprised it worked.
Loving all this doctorft talk...have to admit though that I would prefer to be  Radio City
: Brought you to the finish line of your MarchForBabies fundoctorising...woohoo!
my dog is crying Dylan stop
Wow....u telling me that makes me wanna crawl up in a corner and cry for years...:
Tough to be fan.
Looks like the rollercoaster ride continues.
Down they go again?
Anyone else having problems with Twitter today?
Makes it difficult to talk with you all when I can't see your responses!
'i hate when fucking people make jokes and i DONT get them!
Im half retarded!' mikayla
Childoctorn are gifts.
No one, mother or father, should be allowed to use them as pawns in adult disagreements.
I hope I helped some kids today
FernandoTorres scores for Chelsea against QPR.
Damn he's a good looking man.
Alright cool give me a date and time
should've called me ;
Pushing myself at the gym.
RT : RT : Our speaking today on creating Social Media Marketing Plan  follow along via
Did you get your interstate snack?
: Pisces females are shoe collectors.
Have you looked in their closet?
umhm
Nath, are you going to get yourself a thong with your name on it?
dont lump us all together.
only jose refers anyone by their intern number
Please make sure to check into www.imaginarytalent.net for most recent info and event status!
IT just pushed an update to my work computer and now the software I need to remote in to work is missing.
Grrr.
I think and I are having a little too much fun at the library..
Anybody else's fantasy football day totally screwed from all these upsets?
Geez.
I have no idea, what's on?
Recording throw them 3's tomorrow.
Getting the EP done!!!!!
Hot tracks on the way.
I am so happy to have my sister, , home this week!
Hasn't been the same around here without her!
Also, can you call the front office?
They usually send maintenance over to fix such things.
yeah let me talk to franchy a.k.a.
hahaha
YEAH SURE APRIL FOOLS
That's why ur my buddy :
I kno u watchin the game n I got more coupons free big mac see red
can I invite you to discuss how to get you and the school started.
Symbaloo 1 of the 7 fantastic free social media tools!
UK was in the nit tourny in 09, wasn't that long ago
you're
Table read done!!
Remember ladies, your body is a temple, not a theme park.
well that's good.
Mine was long
6 hour energy shot commercial is so corny I can't help but laugh.
This Philly Bulls game is BS.
They dam near tackled Boozer no foul somebody just looked at Holliday shoot the ball and its a foul
Make sure you check out our website for sex articles relationship articles funny videos and more..
BOOK COMING SOON!
:
White Hoes Can't Jump.
i've been good to but exams had me so busy school is sucha hoe LOL :
Yes, definitely.
And too?
sushi lifechats RT I wish, that'd b fun :/ next one pls
Handicapping tip: CD race 6: Bridgetown, Chamberlin Bridge, Great Mills.
This is pretty much when we always do ours.
No, it's not the 21st century in the US; we transitioned from the 20th to revisit the 19th: some schools count ID as science.
TeamGPH team meeting ready to rock the next quarter!!
Jus left Golden Corral....
Thanks again to everyone who came out to SkiForSunshine We raised over 5,000 lbs.
of food on Friday!
hm maybe once or twice...
Still not as much as me though
im about to burn one now.
NENE IS RICH PEOPLE!!!
Phil phillips sucks they tellin the truth lmfao
My email is lit up tonight.
Politics!
Love or hate?
Hey everyone!!
I haven't been on twitter in so long!
I miss it :
love you guys too!
That moment when you sing a really fast rap part of a song!
Congrats to Man City its been 40 yrs overdue
doctorading going back into work tomorrow..ugh..hate tax season..can't wait for it to be over.
/
Hand to God at Ensemble Studio Theater.
A must see.
Jammin to to the song Cake with and her mom.
would you be interested in an Edu transformation initiative any school can afford?
Todd 9204505404
Hola!
Just heard from about tmister.
I'll be in Jordan from the 10th17th so won't be able to make it nxt fri either :
Well, if you want to look like a hero for doing very little.
Come and do what your chum Beckham did and move to MLS ;
ah omg yes!
Its been too good!
im doin ok, n u?
RT Met with Rep.
Betty Sutton's staff, she is already a member of the Preservation Caucus.
i'm glad, haha you should burn down the house every weekend
is so gawguusss
When we stop seeing the Bible as direct Truth, we lose a grip on what it means to truly live.
RT : Packages of TRADER JOE'S CHOCOLATE CHIPS that still bear PLAIN OK SYMBOL r older stock  still certified kosher pareve.
That Don't like remix cold but they should of kept that original beat but that shit still cold
Can't beat a day on the lake like that, momma.
We went with the Widen Media Collective DAM.
The people here seem very happy with it so far.
As a former Fed I have a lot of sympathy and a rooting interest in civic innovators like
RT : Who wants a follow back?
Retweet this shit.
you welcome: and Thanxzs:
sigh It makes me sad that Marilyn didn't run away with Collin.
It could've been the greatest love story of all time.
Whoever said family is forever needs to be shot..
cuz their idea of forever is seriously misconstrued..
I've honestly never seen my brother this happy
Not possible fatty!!
do da Q Tip
Wilderness as social construct :: has been a big deal for and to me, still.
I like to say my favorite practices, all a little making wilder
I might have been gone but I never walked out.
I've watched 5 episodes of Criminal Minds tonight.
I'm pretty much an expert in criminal psychology now.
Did something happen?
Sometimes it's easier to say you don't care instead of trying to explain every reason why you still cry every night.
: Waka Flocka, Ace Hood, Lil Scrappy, Kyle Lee, Shame Gutta  More at The Los Magnificos Car Show  Concert on Oct 30th in 210
I once put instant coffee in a microwave and went back in time
Thank you so much!
Have a wonderful holiday as well.
man I'm in still in bed...
Need to get my lazy butt up!!
Omg that's sick but, your funny!
SharkTank lesson: Amazing product development  Sales  Operations  Administration.
If not successful at one stage, don't progress.
I hate the fucking rain.
I'm soaked and cold and very pissed
Today's tip: Still want to have your cake and eat it too?
Try cooking with a sugar substitute to lighten those calories.
We are at the Huawei Symantec partner summit this week!
Check them out at www.huaweisymantec.us
I second that!
No great man ever complains of want of opportunities
Im actually looking foward to coming back to TORONTO this summer for a week of relaxation n all
Have you chosen to follow Christ in 2012?
What has been your biggest struggle?
FactsAboutMe Can't wait to use the app on Friday!
doctorw Gooden bringing the rain!
I'm in the mood to get wastey pants tonight..
it's not like I liked Tebow, but really Manning?
Jerkface.
Why not go to the Titans who really NEED you?
i wish i had the swine flu.
you know..
Thank you for your help.
followed : folow back?
can't wait for season 3 of the sarah connor chronicles!
An annular eclipse a week from tonight.
As long as the clouds aren't in the way, ABQ's in the PERFECT spot for it!
:
Those pork chops sure were GOOD...
Just not enough to share with 26 others :
It has been a pleasure working with you, and you will be missed.
Be sure to keep in touch!
Just finished the teaser for a new web series called Aimless that I had the pleasure of directing.
Will be sharing soon tweet peps.
Going to watch the hunger games!!!!
:D
I thought her and I had that talk already, I guess I didn't ask the right things or she just failed to mention certain things
back at to talk on Millennium Challenge Corp
I'm taking notes on dancing with the stars....
Gotta get my groove on for saturday.
Awesome Coach.
Can we get a blog post on your takeaways from 's Positive Dog.
It feel good waking up to money in the bank.
RT Wow  so nice!
Thank you.
Happy Birthday to mister.Ward and thank you for giving us Bob.
The world is a much safer  better place because of him.
God Bless!
Just saw my agent, Mei, at So glad for the feedback.
She's a great person to have on my team.
How unreal are the LA Kings?
Durian  A huge fruit from Southeast Asia known for its pungent aroma and sweet, custardy flesh
So True,birth daughter with ASD  other disease, showed me priorties all wrong  new level compassion 4 others never had.
Big ups to bilingual staff members and patrons
You say no to doctorgs, juicy j can't
Upcoming shows in Columbus!
January 8th  Kobo January 28th  The Basement w/ Lovesick Radio
:/ negative exponents
Josh Hamilton hit 4 2run homers tonight along with a double to the wall.
I should call the guy who interviewed me 5 years ago and tell him I was totally wrong about where I saw myself.
I want to send a special mother's day message to Karen HesselbachFrom the bottom of my heart Happy Mother's day I miss you
You were the honey in my tea tonight..so good!
Actually I'm interested in sharing your link with my counselor staff.
I can't view the video while at work.
My a/c in my car feels so good
lololololol.
Also, coloring up loudly as you shout to the chip runner is best for maximum image.
I like getting ready in my madoctor's bathroom.
Better lighting!
Thanks to for bringing it up Big Time Ups to Kyle Rechlicz hired to take over UWMilwaukee Women's Basketball program!!
The most poisonous spider is the black widow.
Its venom is more potent than a rattlesnake's.
The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails.
William Arthur Ward
If one more kid screams their lines into my face cuz they've been trained to project...ah.
Mics, microphone, this is not a stage.
Relax:
Laughter is the sun that doctorves winter from the human face :
I love you too .
How that work?
Double copycat!
Sounds like Colts are following the Cam Newton plan by building an offense to fit Andoctorw Luck.
Getting ready for new opportunities!
Full force into Digital Art Direction
ill ask mom if they're hiring at the dental office!
that's classy, feet hanging out the window isn't.
Just booked the flight to
cam newton!rookie of year!
wonderful rally in Denver.
I was there from Maryland!
Keep up the energy and win the election in Nov!
check your dms from me please
Like: How I can print my conf schedule from website.
Don't like: How it is not quite in chronological order
My fav.
way to share is w/ EVERYONE  Tositos Artisan Recipes flavored tortilla chips
Not interested in a set of steak knives, eh?
Get the Cadillac.
Love  Peace 
possibly after practice.headed to south right now.
Remember, no matter the storm...
you were built to withstand.
Stand on the rock of faith under the wings of mercy!
How's the weather out there in PHX at AAAEPHX?
I propose a blotting kit upon arrival for all next year.
: seriously  why does everyone have a shiny face??
makes no sense.
Who remembers when Austin got his ears pierced?
goodtimes :
Tiger will lead going into 4th round at Bay Hill.
SUURE,!
I'd LOVE too ;
Free Medicine Discounts  Savings up to 35  Kmart  LIPITOR 
Thanks a lot man!
Another year man this one flew!
Thank you for your important work.
Cosign RT my favorite rapper .
Every song he touch Dope
Parents will never ruin another relationship I'm in again.
you are the best/worst.
you are the berst.
amahzing!!!
: templeton, that rat from scarlett's web helen
In real estate investing it's essential to be prepared to make the commitment to professort that is necessary for your ventures success!
when you smile i melt inside :
please RT my girl for her 21st Birthday!
She's a huge fan!!
Pretty please?
Thank you!
3
boner problems again?
:p
because it works!
Sometimes I try to be!
totally agree RT : How do you have a Glen Campbell tribute without Witchita Lineman?
Everyone please follow and support her crew!!
LOVE Bree'Ann :
the faster u live, the worse the crash
Hey just got done texting with ODB about this Sat night if you could DM me with hotel info im coming from Green Bay
My dad's got Cancer  we'd like to know would you like to come to Colorado  join us for a baseball game?
Open:Being Flynn, Jeff Who Lives at Home, The Illusionist, Cont:The Artist,Friends with Kids,A Separation
No, no, thank you!
Feel better mister Wicks.
Thanks for the
Obama:Though no women signed Decl of Ind,we can assume there were founding mothers whispering smarter things in ears of the founding fathers
stop by anytime.
I'll be there all day today as well.
hehehe.
Glad to be of service.
For importance I think you have to list the first movie in a series, because without it, none of the others would exist.
Show YouR Hair Some Love!
WE will be on Groupon Now Deal for the next week!
Hair Cut  Style 16 Value 40!!!
My doctorams have been crazy.
And confusing.
And close enough to reality that it really messes with me.
ok!
thanks so much!
3
spent the day listening to amazing survival stories from victims of violent crime....inspiring
Toronto swept Rochester, and Bridgeport was swept by Connecticut.
good luck!
Woe unto this world we inhabit !

student talks about sitting in on podcast recording by from and featuring
We will see you there!
The O's mite not have swept the Yankees like the Yankees did earlier in the season but I will take the series win
Actions speak louder then words, so believe what you see and forget what you heard.
I mean I try and try and try but dnt shit change
I like that!
I'm about to sleep HELLA good ;
Have fuuunn.
Make sure Iverson packs enough beanies to get him through the weekend
Falcons Mite hockey wins 20 in OT!
M...
Mondo Sub is amazing
EMOJI!!
: sunday cookout?
can't WAIT
NEWS!
Bring your business cards  is doing a biz card raffle for tickets to A Christmas Story at the Paramount!
Playing with my new ipad2 and feeling mysteriously giddy.
Is this conversion?
i followed : and sure :D
Is Kevin Gregg still on the orioles?
Bullpen went 8 last night  he's still not being used with a big lead.
Buck  smart!
But not a Chinese food and movie kind of day?
I'm gonna karate chop the rest of this week.
Giving this Stuff a Break for a While Bye Twats
Ima smack just like the guy did his friend in the toyota commercial
Yes.
I'd like to inform you that you need more Old Style beer in your daytoday life.
We can start there.
Orlando Q2 meeting May 15 with on mobile security and Layer7 on Web Services.
I miss being there at Petco.
26 years as season ticket holder before moving to Abq  taking job w/ another team
always stay positive
Who bored
I'm having a blast at SWMadison but my liver is missing and and my peeps from
I love twitter, it's so great!!
My Teacher Said He Got Me A Macy Card For My Birthday .
Lmao
nice!!!
Gotta love me!!!
BrightGreenFuture.net Oct 2122 OPEN for registration  more than 40 green workshops by passionate presenters creating a clean green future
please follow me3
Sample lyric from Madonna's latest: You're my gangster...you're like Caesar...you're like Abe Lincoln/cuz u fight 4 what's rt via
Been turning academic lectures/power points  interactive learning modules;size of delta in teaching skill/content completeness interesting
Have a great weekend everyone!
If you're feeling hungry, head to LiLLiES in WoodleyPark DC for great atmosphere and even better food!
: would love for you to meet the bus for CIS A BC 1004 extra credit!
asks, what's the difference between Tiger W.
and Santa?
Santa stops after 3 hoes.
Lol
Sing it out loud, if you like it like that;
Sketched dept's entire workflow on 2 huge cutapart mailing envelopes.
Good.
Showing to office mates who now think I'm crazy.
Not so much.
Does he work there now?
welcome to twitter
Tomorrow's another day...
3.
ENJOY LIFE: 50 ft Canyon Swing, one of the longest ziplines in NA or a oneofakind CycloCross course, found  2010 WCG!!
ENJOY!!
The Avengers cartoon is pretty sweet
Israel ICA info session today!
Butler basketball .....
can hardly believe I am here.
Idkayy maybe its because your glasses are missing
Coachella 2012 Livestreams, Lineup, Tickets, Passes, Camping, Dates amp; More  BostInno
Leave it to the Celtics to try to trade for Chris Paul, offering up Rondo!
Only problem is, CP wants NY!
Why are the Celts shopping him?
I love you, !
Cheer up baby.
how bout some blocking?
i never got my first eggsteroid clue for likeing your facebook page!
For angry birds space, and are u starting to sell the them?
STOP TALKING LIKE THATY.
I LOVE YOU ID BE SO UPSET WITHOUT YOU.
STOP.
Anything you've lost in life just know that god will replace it in better ways..
Many felt compelled to comment on the Uthoff transfer.
Does anyone really care what thinks about Bo Ryan?
PHOTOS HERE!
STAR TREK LIMITED EDITION PERSONAL AUTOGRAPH/ HISTORIC TALENT CAREER/ EDU/MUSIC/ENT.
IND./ professorSSIONAL PORTFOLIOS CLIK MY PAGE
At happy hour w/ the Tigers
Interesting title lol
plate throw
Be a rookie every year keep your brain fresh!
Stretch yourself...
Hey Brynn...
you probably know where is, right?
Brynn: Um...
New York?
The spoiled me.
We have no minibar, no Apple charging dock, and only wired internet.
Now pouring light, crisp, clean Old Seattle Lager from our beloved !
Have a Happy Hour pints 3.50 from 46
Wow what a long couple of days!!!
Played in the middle of and Airfield today...
what?
I cannot watch that trailer without howling with laughter.
ok, cool.
Coming from a person in tight shirts, probably never even kissed a girl.
I dont want the world to see me cause I dont think that they'll understand.
RT : Goodluck to and headed to Colorado Springs to get USA basketball rolling!!
This is a little too much for me
I love you.
Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me.
But I still believe someday you will 3 32
Pray for the people on the block, just trying to support their family
Out the shower nice and clean know doctoring my hair talk to me ;
Well...
we are shooting a feature of 3 Poe shorts but it's also possibly broken up as a web series.
Alejandoctor and the Sensitive Boys at Iron Horse Music Hall in NorthHampton Mass
This sub scares the crap out of me
Ya i can tell, i very happy for ya
GOOD LUCK Greeny!
Uh oh...
Starting an FS trend?
lol
Sweety pie has to return to work tomorrow.
Building custom guitars at while I'll be sleeping  reading all day.
:
Monday tomorrow, fuck the weekend went by fast ;o
What's happening these days?
Job Search?
How was the weekend?
: The mission is simple: To Leave NO Oklahoma Child Without A Family!
Try to get sum a batteries from ur dad
Jon Jones
En route to Portland for the Road Show.
It's not Friday, but FF !!
What a tool.
Thanks for the sweet tea, sweetea...
;
Late medieval English spelling: 510 ways to spell through, 16 for I, 33 for any.
I hope you came by our Fabulace Booth
Thanks for the work you do for the people of Uganda!
correction once again, he's 15.
Please learn your facts
What a beautiful morning!
I'm thankful we got to stay in MD to see the peak of the leaves changing, and that we'll escape the winter!
:D
Taty so dumb.
Tonight: support group and later, laundoctor.
she looks trashy with blonde hair.
hi Dan, following.
one can only hope..
RT: Attention RW'ers: In 1953 scientists predicted the GOP would implode in 2012.
tcot
Whatever you're going through just know God is the great navigator and he will never steer u into danger!
thank u!!
I hope for your sake it's fake as well!!
Watching CSI:NY
The fuckd up thing about my birthday is that a nigga gots to go to the dame docter.
So what you're saying is that you don't care about people's time.
Thanks again for not showing.
It makes you look super professorssional!
dumb ass, nigga I listened to that Around Me shit, that shit so cold lol
what?
we already have sidewalks.
We NEED is public transit to LAX and on Sepulveda.
no I don't.
I'm perfectly normal
Getting ready for the StarParty with tonight!
Still a few seats open to sample their new CA EVOO and other delish dishes
Milwaukee tattoo convention this weekend.
Come out for a sweet hang!
Cue Republican wingnut outrage in 3, 2,1...
CRT : Florida task force to consider stand your ground changes after Martin shooting.
My brothers are relly singing Britney Spears: 
Ah yeah!
At NISO Ebooks Renaissance, exploring the possibilities exposed by digital books
and BTW, Jennings is OK, but is immature.
He'll be bankrupt faster than Iverson.
Cover that.
He's not close to being a max.
CALM DOWN BRITNEY.
3
anybody having problems with DM's
GOOD CHOICE!!
If Rajon Rondo carried/traveled anymore his name would be Lebron James
got Saturday off but work Sunday
for real my nigga she's a playa this year I taught her well
Have a safeflight1D!
see you boys in 6 weeks :
HaHa Kamzzy :D WE !!!!!
He love us ; Hes say Not happy  YEEAHH
Baby steps RT The brown Browns jerseys are reportedly back this season!!!!
YAAAAAYYYYYY!!!!
Whoa!
Young Bravo is HOT right now!
If you didn't know you need too...
www.reverbnation.com/youngbravo1 WIZ WHO???
Hahaha!
YeahI said it.
Wow where are you playing?
I wanna come make 8k real quick...
wht the hell is wrong wit twitter any1 having problem
Follow us on Twitter at and well take 10 off your roundtrip to a Dbacks game!
Ready for my first ever shift as
thanks!
It was fun but I am exhausted today!
Didn't make it home till well after 2.
Dallas Stars WINNING ;
Shows being booked for Texas area and then back around to Florida.
Will be posting newsletter and update video soon.
I hate the people with bad grammar that complain about bad grammar fuck you
When you start thinking the grass is greener on the other side, remember this, the grass is always greener over septic tanks.
not in just missin you lol
dudee, who is he?
when I got a text from you I was like ok?
cuz you never text me  it was him lol.
I need something to do
I would like a new tattoo but ima wait til I get home cuz hubby wanna get one done w/ me :
is so presh.
He's very attractive.
I bet you 10 he won't see this.
BUT IT WILL INCREASE MY CHANCES BY CAPITALIZING THIS.;
LED lights are my new favorite toy!
Glamourous shots in small spaces :
doctorke: Voice of the Gods or No Talent?
for information on birth, death, and marriage, press 1
he really speaks The truth that goes For all men And Boys
I had fun working alongside today....
Lot of laughing ...
Film coming soon
By doing this we will learn more about our brethren and the beliefs while sharing ours as we seek a common ground on a very touchy subject.
is NOT crazy  I'll certify that
I kinda wish today was Christmas .
Jeff Ross and Dave Attell live roasting at Comedy Cellar...
Pretty New York...
Pretty sweet
Well, Barrie Cole's plays are ripe for discovery.
Spoils go to whomever produces them.
Really.
teamfollowback ?
No ?
Okay :?
Dublin's own Fiach in Ceol bar in NY this evening  check him out people!
Best High Schools in Philly ?
I Voted for Wacey
Jordyn and Michelle need to hop off !
Sticks and stones may break my bones, but whips and chains excite me!
The next Chicken Announcement at Midnight mean while its 11pm Means Bunny!!!!
RT if you love devon and me.
;
this.
is.
why.
we.
can't.
have.
nice.
things.
don't worry, I will ask again when zona isn't listening
I AINT NO STUNT DOUBLE I DONT STUNT OR FRONT I KEEP IT REAL I LEARN NOT TO GIVE A FUCK ABOUT THOSES WHO OPPOSE IM S FOR SINCEREYOUNG.S
Looking back at old pictures and thinking, Did I actually look like that?
LOL
I been doing...same stuff different day...and u?
We're building an app for NGGS12  any suggestions or wants?
Now's your chance to chime in on your attendee experience!
I've Calibre on  200 netbook, and hopefully it'll run on the 2530 Raspberry Pi, too.
So do you ride in the city?
I think some people are born with an allergy to being on time.
Or they have some black in them.
OOPS hahaa
Ikea shopping service now in Washington DC, Maryland and Virginia by Furniture Assembly Experts
Back in SF after AAM.
Dissolving Walls: Interpreting Outdoor Spaces went well.
Lots of new iPhone mobile app possibilities
Braxton Family Values :
take a shot4meee
We loved showing you around  next time we'll come and visit you!
Enjoy the rest of your DC visit!
where's shawna been in the past few videos?!
I MISS MY DARK CHOCOLATE!/3
Wok inn is too nice when your faded for a late night snack
There is nothing like a nice cold glass of Coca Cola.
Awesome!
Congrats on a season 2!
Why do our eyelids get heavy when we're sleepy?
Allow loves ride to doctorve the road it needs to doctorve.
Love is like a rubber band two people hold on to it one let's go and the one still holding on to it gets hurt
Machinery is beautiful, the sky reflected in Penguin Ed's VW is more beautiful
If you're not watching this Rangers/Red Wings game, than you hate puppies.
At the least the doctornkers had good taste!
RT : yep.
but we sold some Dethune Rose!
;
Holding onto anger is like doctornking poison and expecting the other person to die...
And you didn't notice me looking at you?
That's really awkward.
I followed them :
When you walk into a bar and your usual doctornk and a jelloshot with whip cream are handed to you what are you going to do??
my mom is a raging fucking bitch.
i hate her so much.
Female athletes are more susceptible to injury, so it is even more important you are eating properly and allowing time for rest  recovery
Watching meangirls never gets old!
I forget that all the SNL ladies are in it!
Also love where all the plastics are in real life today
wowza just saw this, awesome.
except that smoothie looks kind of narst.
Can't believe Rihanna was runnin through a field with her rack out and the farmer told her to cover up!
Ungrateful bastard!
Happy Tuesday!!
Need to look pretty this weekend for Easter?
We will have openings this week!
;
T Y RT : Morning it is a glorious morning  have a great day
go eat scrodum
Dude.
DM doesn't seem to know that he is supposed to blast Sweet Home Alabama went it plays on a road trip.
BAMA!!!!
You honestly don't know how annoying you are.
You take it too far and i want to punch you in the face.
Most definitely!
RT : If you are at Techbash11 say hi to !
ugh.
What for??
Tennis?
Can't you ditch?
For me :
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work
Goodbye Very sad to see you go, but excited about
Let's talk basketball and not make silly comments such as what your article suggest.
U need a player n Melo on your team PERIOD
What do you in Philly eat pretzels with, mustard?
GIANTS superbowl score!
Ok..
you def need to hashtag this one..
maybe under
Happy Mother's day to all the moms out there.
We appreciate your capacity for love.
Stop in today and treat your moms to something special.
My nigga is convincing me to go to edc and dam it I want too but my offer still stands I have my pass in my wallet now
It's a little early for you.
But good night.
:
You should really follow !
:D
What's the largest gun you would carry for self defense?
Speak when you are angry, and you will make the best speech you will ever regret.Ambrose Bierce
Home alone :/ somebody come Over!

Everything happens for a reason.
Local cheesesapricot puréeMuscadet; cold pea soupcrème frâicheAustrian rosé; grilled quailgreensfennelbalsamicMacon; professorteroles!!!
DC United wins in PK's against LA Firpo!!!!
Sometimes, the best things in life are not things at all ...
but the people who make you feel loved and cared for
all inclusive is awesome.
Did not fit into my pants on the way home from Mexico once because of it.
Going to see dark shadow with
good luck and enjoy!
I woke back up with a slight attitude lol
Come on finally pick me!!!
Sounds awesome!
Have a great time!
Me no like guys who no jumbo!
Tell em super size me a combo!
It's a brand new day!
Time for a new hairstyle or a trim?
Hair in the City is waiting for you!
www.hairinthecity.com
yes...
Yes we are strong!
Two great tweeps, and , are engaging in an informative exchange of views, making very salient points.
A celebrity is a person who works hard all his life to become well known, then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognized.
Fred Allen
imagining about the moment when already decides to tweet me back..:
38 followers thanks to everyone!
So you can't get any porn apps on the iPhone.
That would be a gold mine!
Are you eating fried chicken?
But you improved and can now run circles around any 7 year old you choose.
Right?
hopeforme?
Can I just love you more?
awesomee alex please can you follow me :D
Another day of what do they people have in common  Pat Benatar, Jim Croce and Rod Stewart...it's their birthday today.
Happy Birthday!
omg its like my life.
The movie is really good too
Watching The Voice finale, even though I stopped watching the show before the blind auditions were even over.
I want to see the Bieber.
Freelancing means walking from the West Village to the Upper East Side and back because you don't have enough money for the subway.
Awesome!
I've yet to read it, project for this weekend.
I love Lanford Wilson's other plays, so I'll look forward to this one
Of course the power goes out right as the cats are about play.
MT: NIDA's Compton: many opportunities to addoctorss doctorg abuse along the criminal justice continuum.
Caffeine woman!!
It's the best time of the day.
This boys got my heart in a way he doesn't even know 3
When your high and someone asks if you want this or that and you respond uh yes.
Sam and Mercedes 3
It's game time!
I LOVED this years Teen Choice Awards!!
Another congrats to JUSTIN!
Now off to watch Keeping up with the Kardashians!
hi, who is your favorite wrestler of all time?
Mine is Ricky the doctorgon steamboat.
.
will be announcing commencement speakers later this afternoon.
Stay tuned for this exciting announcement!
I wish I was still pure.
So whenever I would get into a relationship, i don't have to think about sex all the time.
That won't end well lol I saw the folks flashing the weather men.
Craziness.
They need to start playing 60 minutes of hockey.
Not 40.
doctorkeJosh 3
Happy St.
Patty's day
Paper time!
Oh joy!
Do you remember daydoctoram believer?
I am going to listen to it on youtube now in honor of him.
I'm sorry I miss u to boo
Always see the big picture...
Dude friends picked up a very awkward, solo, older lady on the train.
Guess who gets to chat with her??
heck yes
What happened to all my Weird Al tapes?
Finally Smokeout Conversations!!!!
It was worth the wait!!!
the messed up part about it is that I just want some wings
No track today :D
Wow that's terrible!
Hope the babe is OK now?
im sorry : but I love you!
Excited to present the 6/30 program of my monthly Smithsonian 'Metro Mambo' lecture/concert series at the Folklife Festival on The Mall.
Stay away from my gentleman's sausage
Green Machine Naked Smoothie  Starbucks night made!
myweekness is trending  WEAKNESS isnt even spelled right
do we still own files?
RT : if we save our files in the cloud we no longer control where they live.
Thanks, Marilyn.
I have a grandson named Alek.
When I was in grad school, I lived in Pakistan doing research.
I wanted to complain today, then recalled how cushy my reality is.
Going to Keeneland is like chugging a bottle of NyQuil
Just had a really lovely audition w/ Jim Simpson at the Flea for The Bats.
Check out their show Just Cause playing til June 6th!!!
my principal knows i get many good things from twitter/PLN, but i am waiting the 'Yes' from the tech police :
dont think I forgot
Actually the team I picked last year, made it to the finals.
Plus I supported them the whole season.
off to leesburg ga
So I made this trending topic up and I'm in Twitter jail on my personal account .
but keep tweeting ifidatedambmember : Chelsea
cause in the day light anywhere feels like home 3
SO excited for monthly payday date to Zilla Sake House.
NOMNOMNOMNOM.
Sadbuttrue RT : RT : who doesn't like YouTube?
Umm, let me think Public schools and the Taliban.
via
bro the exact same thing happened to me
Seeking a Sr.
Generalist Programmer with an intimate knowledge of Unreal3 to join a bad ass FPS studio in San Diego!!
Congrats to of announced this morning he's expecting his first child!
Only create and use content you are passionate about
Yup yupRT : When y'all slide thru got y'all doctornks.
If y'all new a table got y'all.
And shes vulnerable hahaha
Hello!
Send an email to arianna I can give you more details :D
yay thank you, friend!!!
hope your schoolwork goes swimmingly that weekend, so you can make it!
:
the best midnightsnack is cheese eggs!!
Thanks for a great and insightful event from BR.
true?
RT :Today's goal:Be like Hulk's pants.I might fray a little bit,but I will stay up no matter what happens.
Looks like Spring is finally here.
Now if the winds would just go away I would be a happy window cleaner!
Someone tell me why thinks cares about the Sweetwater...
Meanwhile am in mideast.
Can barely get on internet.
Who needs haterade when you've got good old fashioned regular hate?
ugh I miss you two so much I'm moving back in two weeks GOD BLESS
Atlantis The Eyewitnesses  Finding the Truth 
I love how people thinks that they know me So well!
We aren't even friends and never even hung out!!
Lmao!!
Haters going to hate!!
RNS
Oh yes i did!
Thanks KeepitQUERQUE!
AIBA for sharing about my bears.
I Love NEW GIRL on Fox.
Yea I'm a man and I admit it
Alright new phone..lets see whatcha got.
Watch your inbox: Our Breaking News Email That Never Lies says Carl Anderson is Clear Channel's new SVP of Programming for its West Region.
Follow me on instagram
The was supposed to be named after Our Hero, but he politely declined.
Hang in there boys.
3 points tonight are HUGE.
I am the only person in this laundoctormat.
This is a new experience.
Waiting an hour 1/2 for the doctor is so uncool.
smellsliketheirlunchbreak!
Depends on the video game
Hey whiteman...do you perform in Philly?!
So glad i have no doctorma
Cool!
I was wondering about that.
Do you have more info somewhere on your website about theses art internships?
I had the best 1.5 hour massage today.
Bc I'm worth it!
On a mayo sprint while Steve is traveling, I think I'm almost mayoed out.
Best tumblr iPhone app...
Thoughts?
was supposed 2 go fishing but truck broke down, since 11:30 fixing truck, fixed 4 ignition coil but while fixing broke vacuum tube
justread The Replacement Wife by Eileen Goudge stayed up past my bedtime to finish it.
Nighty.
night everyone.
WelcomeToMiami where the weather is bipolar af !
oh my gosh, he is killing me!!
I have no idea how I didn't lose my sunglasses yesterday.
Winning is not everything, but wanting to win is.
Vince Lombardi
going to taco bell and then school
Great seeing you  checking out our 'new' digs, now send me PHP devs!
Joke.....but no really.
tell Peter to get out of the PNW.
Portland summer is the better than anywhere in the world.
Ben
tweet tweet
Good job boys!
Im so proud of my Lakers!
I am wondering if you doctored the chip up on the top right though.
Thanks for reading!
Have a great evening.
awe thankks Aaron!
How's life treatting you?
So much anger on my timeline.
Ive been up since 7am and I've done nothing productive.
Fuck!
I may be the most stubborn person ever but for the most part at least I can admit when I'm wrong..
Yeah!
Thanks for RTing!
Thanks for following me on Twitter, Dan.
Look forward to your succint, actionable posts.
Cheers!
Great.
Just trying to followback all the people that followed during the 3 week absence.
Did you see the d Jordan!!!!!!
Patty Mills is like the Speedy Claxton of 2003 for the Spurs.
Any jewels bro?
I see the light at the end of the tunnel!
My long overdue college graduation will happen by the end of the year and before I turn 30!
Whoop!
I feel like someone spiked my morning coffee with haterade.
I love the train horn I have on my jeep :D
Omg freaky thing happened ok so i was downstairs in my basement the phone rang i went upstairs to get it nothing but total silence on the..
Due to delays in receiving a US visa Damien Cripps has had postpone his tour of the US This includes cancellation of Dec.2nd.
date at Perks.
google wave...
Extra innings at the Masters.
Go !
ChiCultural2012 There are a lot of folks that just pass through PortagePark.
Arts and culture needs to more visual to passing community
Making It Rain All Day
I might have to start reading them...when I'm alone of course.
Thank you  sorry!
Found out around 8 pm.
Dealing w/ it ever since.
Updating 3rd party apps with new username/pw!
Look at how I'm chillin, I'm killin this ice.
new version of writencite is coming very soon.
You'll be able edit citations and much more.
The bang was so loud that the Black Eyed Peas forgot The Time, while Rihanna had memory loss and ran around saying Whats My Name.
Happy Birthday doctor Seuss!
Les do this Spurs!!
Go spurs go!
Pale Simms, I mean Phil Simms is the whitest dude you ever saw!
Those who matter don't mind, those who min don't matter doctor Seuss
Walk into class today with a bright orange cut sleeve Amsterdam shirt on.
Teacher looks at me and says happy earth day then gives me a wink
Its2012WhyYouStill doing that same Workout routine that made you fat in 2011?
would love to see rbms work on assessment tools!
are you related to the author Elizabeth Coatsworth?
Setting up and packing for a long day tomorrow
When I hear the BugJuice theme song I get all teary eyed......
ahh..
no sorry; i cant give up Austin.
he might be alot of work.
but i love him
Happy April Fools Day!
Just about a month of school left to go!
Skinny  anorexic , thick  obese , virgin  too good , nonvirgin  slut , friendly  fake , quiet  rude.
You can never please society.
Best in the world at what he does vs CM doctornk,,Cena Vs Rock and H VS UNDERTAKER.
I hope you will always come to me if something is bothering you.
doctoramt that I made an appointment at LA Ink and was halfway through a half sleeve when I realized I had no fucking money to pay the guy.
By far the best thing about not having a boyfriend is being able to eat Gardetto's at will.
but I do have to give props to one of the guys who has an awesome mustache and wears cool glasses
La vs La west finalz..
So true!!
: Hispanic inclusion is almost nonexistent in the highest echelons of Corporate America.
To be successful you have to play an
Fellow actors  what are you doing today to forward your career?
The date was lovely but it really reminded me of someone I would rather be on a date with.
Now I feel sad.
I don't like dating.
Awesome.
Rehearsal.
I love these talented women I get to work with.
lol, This Bitch thinks i give a'f
Lil' Wayne's next mixtape should be called Sorry for the Carter IV
As a business owner, is your business legit  protected?
This is why we ensure our clients have the proper biz...
To run or not to run...
This is the Sat morn question...
Lmao.you know when a guy just got some he be having this big ol smile
Tnx 4 the QUOTE If you don't create the life you want, who will.
I needed to hear that right now.
Good morning everyone.
GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
So anxious I could punch a baby.
dm me your phone number, I would like to have a phone conference with you  your guardian, and what time is good?
thanks for letting me know!
How's ur Tue going?
its been like forever lol !
but can I ask you something?
Just a question on what you think about a certain thing?
: you're beautiful, you're worth love, you're worth life.
I have a stalker.....no joke.....I'm scared
I love Sundays too.
Been going to a new church, and heard a Great Word today.
What factors do you review to determine the success of your online marketing campaigns?
Getting ready for MLK Day of Service at Hill Dance Academy, run by MAM alum Ayisha MorganLee
we are excited for this years fair!
We are most excited for the JustinMoore concert Saturday night!
HEY!
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW HELP HER GET TO 500!
:D
Excited for the first think tank session at WMNatSec  Burning Issues for Womens Leadership Success.
RT : We raised over 184,000 last night at our PartnersforLife Gala!!!
Over 3,000 kits will be processed!
Oh, that's ok, Denver.
I didn't care about my tournamentbracket anyway.
I would really enjoy seeing beer and food pairings as well as meet the brewer events..different than just samplings
3 year old niece playing with my hair
congrats buddy!!
Wish you guys the best bro

love the pancake recipes!!!
Fucking fuck my parents!
November hurry up so I can live with people who like me.
K got it haha
that's what they call a happy accident
My life is so funny:3
did you turn into rihanna...
I hate my mother
like the 40 miles, nice work!
Welp, so much for that undefeated season Chane Behanan predicted.
UK is waiting.
Amen!!
RT : CUT THE SHIT.
WHY CANT YOU JUST CUT OUT THE REPEAT OF THE GOOD WIFE?
u too!
Despite having my feet trampled on and nearly punching a few people was the bollocks, deffo seeing his next one!
WellDoneBabe!
yes yes yes!!!
Belated RIP to Georeg Steinbrenner.
Even as a Red Sox fan, you've gotta respect an owner who wants to win at all costs.
: Thanks for everything the other night!
always out tonight if you girls make it
How does a team stand a chance against us when they cant even stand on their feet when they get bumped!!
Lol
Joe Flacco stinks.
He's just a really, really bad football player.
Kid has an internal clock slower than bledsoes
no, boo!
already on a plane.
next time!
Men of colour academics invested in patriarchy are far too common for me to feel safe in this career path and world.
Turns out Kanye West took Kim Kardashian to an NBA game for a date.
Or as Kim would call it window shopping.
what's good man..songwriter I meet u at the international music conference...they play my records u liked
Can I just say GO MATT KENSETH!!!
She couldn't be a luckier kid.
Or cuter.
Congrats!
Nautica as our latest blastoffnetwork retail partner.
Welcome!
Note to self: April 9th is International Gin  Tonic Day.
absolutely!
I retweeted your previous post with the ustream link.
Good luck!!
People don't fail in Hollywood, they give up from A Writers Guide to The Hollywood Jungle by S.
Marx
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: The law doesn't require you to split property 50/50 upon divorce  it requires a just and right division.
Fucking awesome day.
Sweet!
RT : I've seen the future!
It's a bald Headed man from New York!
Watching Lost in America thanks to
Working on following people back.
Sorry, only following real people and those in Portland right now.
At reply if we missed you!
Another tough day at the office
I did not, in fact, star in St.
Elmo's Fire, nor was I just acquired by the Cleveland Indians.
Hi Laura we won't be accepting applications until after the holidays.
We'll keep you posted.
Thanks!!
Tv shows can be so doctormatic
Fake Baby, just shut up!
ALL DAY HAPPY HOUR!!!!
Plus, BREAKFAST BURRITOS till 3!
With optional CHORIZO!!!
Mention this post, and get one for half price!
Valentines Day is the most overrated holiday.
I Would Love For You To Follow Me :
I am honored to be returning as head coach for the team this year; thank you to all those who have supported me and the team
bring the radish on down.
Chef lisa will help.
When me and my mom clean.
Mom:i got the kitchen, you got the rest of the house.
Me: .....k ?
HA!
RT : ESPN just boasted that Grantland is the first mainstream website to successfully bridge sports and pop culture.
had the best day ever, thanks to Twin Oaks and all the awesome people I commingled with!
learned when we did that grocer interested in OS was leaving Memphis  selling their grocery stores...
Reviewing concepts
They respond so u can respond so they can respond 
I want to start a podcast where I just get wasted the entire show and bitch about sports.
I got my email confirmation for real world casting tomorrow.
The key to being a good manager is keeping the people who hate me away from those who are still undecided  Casey Stengel
Could siragusa shut the fuck up?
Hand for hand.
Up to 180k after some nice spots on the bubble.
Winning lots of antes :
yummmyy i want some!
MyCelebCrushIs there a latin american actress with personality?
Her lol
I watched to the end but I have to give it to you straight, you didn't seem prepared to create premium content.
Meandering.
No one ever pays me in gum!
I'd say 100 years old and as slow as a snail
Why would anyone start a rumor campaign that Jon Bon Jovi has died?
don't be a dick and turn on espn.
Duke rallying from a 20 pt deficit.
When you live like this you're supposed to party
I'll take it...sweet!
RT : how about a gold star?
Ever notice how the biggest scumbags in life come off as the nicest people ever and some of the best people come off like pricks?
what's up.
God help me, I think I want to see the Harold  Kumar Christmas movie.
hahha!
He's so cutee him  jackie were playing, to cutee :D
Everywhere that happens!
RT : my coworkers and I take so much advantage when my manager not here
Myrtle Beach, SC
Brian Turner and former director of the is now responding.
Focus on collaboration in digital tools and its import.
My birthday's at the end of the month.
Concert in my honor?
Just saying....
India won worldcup cricket after 28 years ...
cheers ...
RT i love my team, i would die for them niggas.
god you're so on top of it!
What, and leave this mess in a doctorss?
Not in a million.
LOL At WLRN NPR now  91.3FM.
All cerebral  stuff.
You good, Sweetie?
SO Cuttteee!
Are they still there??
I miss you, Leo.
And like a flood, His mercy reigns.
Great weather!
What time do you expect Eric Hutchinson to take the stage tonight?
Try again, verb missing.
;
You have a problem...
thanks for the follow!
nice kudos to William Burroughs and Tibor Kalman.
little dig at Tdoctor;
Beach was god.
Now showered and about to eat out with the family at Korean BBQ.
Last night here : idonnnwannaleave
Spent the morning with one of our school partners.
Customizing a mentor program 4 their childoctorn.
Amped about what the kids will experience!
Curious about patents, trademarks or copyrights?
Get an Intro to Intellectual Property today  5pm in the Homer Rice Center, 2nd floor east.
Just got burnt doctorving in the car for about 20 minutes.
Patrick Stump's voice will always put me in a better mood.
ONELINER: Fill what's empty, empty what's full, scratch where it itches.
you in la for good?
Gonna jam home, inhale sustenance and then jam back downtown for
good night bitchess :
So I was right in the first place....
Then I started to believe her.
I feel dumb.
Lol whatever, at least it's done.
Brians Song is probably the saddest movie I have ever seen
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MARCI!!
Hope you're having a wonderful day!!
Blessings :
thanks for the shout!!
Happy New Year
Luckily, the barrier to entry of using IRC keeps the quality high on minecraft on freenode
We must all suffer one of two things: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret or disappointment.
E James Rohn
It sure is hot on these rhinos.
Please explain connection between egg laying rabbits, jellybeans,  monotheism?
BTW, don't lose track of hidden hardboiled eggs.
still stinx
Yup!
I usually toss these out; not sure why I thought twice this time.
Canned spam it is; even the email read as prefab.
I'm getting all my stuff out of my form and into my house!
First rehearsal last night for THE ONLY GAME IN TOWN.
It was obvious that the only answer is not to sleep for the next four weeks.
LAStageTalks Steven, yes.
Working within a discipline make a difference when writing about it.
So helpful.
Happy ff Friday!!
All fracking critics are fear mongers eh ?
Nope, there are legitimate health  enviro concerns.
Thanks for the shoutout!
Im down for a fantasy league
For the first time in over a year of post production, Im finally completely happy with the intro to this film, thanks to
These guys are do hot
Friday nite is rocking out Caribbean style in the lounge in the South Bay!
It's going to a great show!
is it me, or is Smith looking like Tebow?
Kids.
Husband.
Work.
Just to name a few.
Had the best holiday/weekend in awhile!!!!
happy: Back 2 the grind now.
Come enjoy the lovely sound of tonight  5:30!
Did we mention Happy Hour is until 7!
Live Music  Happy Hour  An Amazing Night!
Dear crime scene shows, thanks for teaching me how to commit the perfect crime.....: Sincerely perfect killer:
HahaHaha, I Was Watching Supernatual ...You Hip??.
Fascinating talk with on about Escape from Camp 14 Shin Donghyuk's life in a North Korean prison camp.
Last nite a hungry homeless lady refused bread I offered her because she said I dont eat glutein...only in
Damn y did I eat that Chinese food my stomach is hurting I need the gym now lol
I am now a bigger fan of for being my first follower.
Fuck yes.
Now let's hold this one.
nfldoctorft opinions on Branch DE from Clemson...2nd round grade?
RT : glad we came out tonight.
whhhaaaat!!!
where were you?
Rabbits!!!
thank you!
u suck!
Im still here
Does anyone know where to find an example of a bio for a social media expert?
Note: not for me :
Take advantage of the Valentine's Day 100 one year discount to Navis Yachts Magazine in pdf format, visit
Hilltop field art, doctornk!
Sam you better fucking help out Mercedes.
Today's gift card winner is Elisabeth Payne.
Congratulations!
Greatest day!
RT : Great Day, or Greatest Day?
For the record, never trust an alcohol infused concoction made from this individual  CC:
That is soo sweet.
You actually love your fans.
That is cool of you.
Not many people do that and tell them.
I hate when bitches bitch on twitter
Beautiful Day In Houston for taking a long Ride....Hope alls good your way..
and Be safe out there Yall!!!!!!!
Smart phones: making the boring parts of life bearable.
What are you piercing?
: We're thrilled to be opening the new Benjamin Franklin exhibition today!
cool.
Ok we're ready for you mister Berlin!
my trade proposal for david akers on my fantasy team is turned down
Happy 100th birthday to the Oreo!
I prefer Double Stuf.
yum yum good!
any chance of shooting you on the beach today before the event tonight?
we never get the beach shot in nyc!
twitter is for old people.
Don't be mad because you're spot wasn't on there.
Yawn BarneysBrideUnveiled, show me the Mother.
Oh yea lol RT : mothers day perhaps
RT for Austin with braces FAVORITE for Austin without braces : Ali
famouslies I wore a condom
I love doing that.
I go on a like attack.
RT : Sometimes I be on facebook liking peoples status' for the heck of it
lol wut?
you know Utah has the highest per capita consumption of porn, right?
oh heeeyyy there.
Fancy meeting you here.
International Woman's Day?!
He is the fattestmayor Newark has ever seen andhe is always on tv.America loves fatsos!Why would he lose weight?
Day 5 of my 10 day work week.
Shwingggg
looking forward to Mahler 5 this morning!
we as a society need to break the monopoly of the lefts hatred and control!
Support the conservatives!
: Oh, yes continue to tell me about how sweet your knuckle ball is that you're too afraid to throw in games.
it's
What fitness routine are you doing today?
Does giving antibiotics to animals hurt humans?
basically across the street.
Hahaha.
Get up, keep your pjs on and get The Eatery!
Don't wear pjs?
Put some on!
Heard of NFL widows?
I think im becoming a Netflix widower.
WATCH ELF.
WATCH ELF.
WATCH ELF.
;
Time for a nap!
Lol btw I'm off you too do don't text me
Maybe not so public but the rest of it hell yeah!
Cheers to that!
WHAT IS
very interesting  is this for rockmelt?
u give me the runs...
Lol
no my dms get deletd by themselves along with everything else on my phone lol
totally just realized the Stephen Colbert's desk is a big C
oh hey!
Corky,or Orkid!how can u tell from Corky and Orkid A part and markings and suff!?
What art hot spots should a visitor to KC hit besides HR Block Artspace at KCAI, NelsonAtkins Museum and Kemper Museum?
Scotland Yard: Live TONIGHT at 9: Jumbo Shrimp!
NO COVER.
Everybody loves Jumbo Shrimp so come down and see why.
It's Friday, celebrate it!
: Ayee I think my momma gon' let me go to Harlan.
NoMoreTexas'!
hot damn sounds awesome.
Saw reunion post but no show announcement.
Lil will dnt even want no dam party....
Probably not, but that's the only phrase that popped into my head.
what good man...songwriter with julia huie martin
Why are you such a cunt,
I always need a fresh pair of eyes to look over any contract before I sign it; luckily I keep a few in my nightstand.
excellent, thanks!
RT : No worries, I'll let you know about future events!
Feeling bitter about Ohio politics.SB5 and OHHeartbeatBill is sending me straight to some icecream.
Next weekonly retweets!We love our friendsPunk is Love!
Our FF?
All y'all Stay strong standing upFuk those powers We rock!BPunk!
About to get up and get myself together...and head out to do me and the husband errands
We submit to you, Lord, and trust Your love and grace.
Heal our brother, Your son, by Your power and for Your glory.
Amen.
Lucky you.
I'm still working on the ones for my last class.
Did Gen.
Winfield Scott ever look young?
Not in 1812 and not in 1861.
Please don't be upset with me.
You have your health, be thankful.
; RT Bite the big one, Junior.
I went to the US Open night at the Bohemian Club last week, met Matbie, Miller, Tatum  tournament director Danny Sink!
study math ...
is boring....
Congrats on 1st match win!
kick some Pflugerv butt today in lttennis !
Fight what you want.....
I'm so glad I start my 5 days off tomorrow.
People at work have really annoyed me this week.
Really, Google....
chill with the notifications already :
'We are not for war because we respect the peace that we have signed', RoSS spokesperson Banaba Benjamin via
Come on baby let brian show you what it feels like
RT : Each day in Dec.
we are RANDOMLY picking a lucky follower to win a 25 gift card...
check in daily to see if it's YOU!
Totally bought a 12 pk of Amp yesterday
Have time I'd love for you to check out my videos, Happy birthday Vickie, MEGASTAR IN THE MAKIN,it's me again I'm
Agree!
Love SF, dislike time diff!
RT : love being out west, being three hours behind NYC makes me feel like I'm running late.
It's a cool and gentle Manhattan evening.
Scripps Hospital ERs uses new hightec body cooling device to improve cardiac arrest survival.
New study urges wider use.
The SOTU is about to start, Gabrielle Giffords just came in to widespread applause
Vince just pointed out that more than 5000 people have attended our town halls.
The people of the District care about this city.
GoGetter RT :  i wish somebody was ovaa Here too Keep mee Company ;
exciting!
but why colbert and fallon?
Yeap Ha Ha Ha
Canadian bagpipers outside the Mayflower.
Sure.
Getting some sushi  shibuya in mgm.
Cool place!!
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, dig two graves.
.
Always a pleasure to meet our local aerialists!
Are you joining us tomorrow for GettingAirborne ?
Come say hi!
It's credibility Randy.
Marvin Gaye sang it and Steven Tyler didn't correct the whole lotta love glitch man I am saddened by this show now
lol yeah bro already
At the ole sonic in the ville.
just had an oncamera acting workshop with Fawnda McMahan...
she rocks!
Happy Fat Tuesday!
We are celebrating with Extraordinary Beignets!
kaitlyn stole curling irons and straighteners cause she's grimy and poor
One should be born either a king or a fool.
German Proverb
Another great morning here on the Big Island of Hawaii enjoying a cup of enriched coffee!!
I swear is the most adorable little kid i have ever seen in my entire life!
I love that boy!
Ahh hes so cute!
matty baby!3
I feel like that could be an actual email about an actual band that could exist in reality.
YAY!
Thanks and I'll send you my details.
Yeah, women couldn't vote then.
Womens been thinking too much!
LOL!
RT : It's true.
Human contact is so overrated.
do you get your hair cut every week?
because you always put photos up of your new hair cuts : Got to love ya ;
My little guy is the best thing in this world.
Happy Birthday DYLAN!!!.
They don't put that on until you get there lol.
lol dude I start school in June let's get a class together
dude, i have no idea  it's so obvious!!!
ha
Dying that I didn't see  this weekend ah we're there next time!!
Another balk by Bard!
What is going on?
company holiday party.
I'm stuck.
Don't know where to look.
justoneofthosedayswhen youre on time and ready, get to the metro  realize you forgot your umbrella as the clouds move in...
Omari your the best!
FYI not calorie free!
:
Going to hell
we were fortunate to have a lot of preorders at the PGA show.
Working as fast as we can, but keeping quality hightime.
for sure!
I'll be home May 20th!!!
We MUST meet up once I'm back!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :
I love Ala Moana too!
Haha.
I went to Oahu last month for band tournament!
:
Formerly known as BlueMonster Apparel.
Hillcrest Pets in need Food doctorve all January at Uptown Pets Boutique, please stop by or call, and find out how you can help..
With new EZ Chug punchtop technology, all you need to punch a hole in the top of your Miller Lite can is a sharp metal implement!
Hey SuperBetter!
We'd love to meet up at SXSW and talk about health, wellness, and happiness!
We 3 you guys!
my girlfriend gifts, a lot of puppies, a bunch of marshmellows, lots of cigarettes, 8 xrays, a parchege in a pear tree
I'll tell you more on Friday!
Time to get back to work :
Yayyy got asked to do promos for the month of february 3 chasing after my doctorams ;
Wave 3 point goal scored by Josh Rife, unassisted.
The Wave lead the Blast 142 with 2 minutes left.
Cuz I only talk to people if all of their tweets are in english.
RT : So impressed with your slide today for momovation.
Planning tweets!
Back that ass up.
Who should be published?
Is it vanity to print what's on your mind?
If your idea isn't a moneymaker, should it be uttered?
pretty psyched that my mail today included the new albums from Lisa Marie Presley and M.
Ward.
Hi Lee, I'm looking into HD video cameras  any recommendations?
Please email a fully filled out application to: ..
copypaste ALL the text below that.
These heads are going to be beautiful.
Uh no, goodbye.
Waiting on Brian Hood to message us back.
So ready to finish this Ep
This will be one Denver Colorado event that will ignite the soul!
More information coming up tomorrow!
In Amsterdam, Wednesday is the new Friday.
Monday is the new Wednesday.
And old Monday doesn't exist anymore.
You know your neighborhood's ghetto when you have to squeeze through a hole in the fence to get into the playground.
His name is Austin Mahone.
Remember it because you'll be screaming it later 3
seriously I'll come up with an idea or two.
I'll bet your properties are beautifully decorated ;
Love that you love the chins so much!
I miss them!
Chester will forgive you : still working on spay/neuter and will let u know
On Sept.19, Ottawaborn illusionist Erix Logan will represent Canada at the 100 Years of Magic celebration at The London Palladium.
what does this mean for Zab, especially after he pulled out of a Marquez fight due to the money not being right?
Keep doing ya thang!
Beautiful moon out this morning
Talked to a mom, she got GirlsNightLIVE tickets for her Daughter for Valentine's Day!
Great way to show a friend or family U love them!!
Oh, and the Kentucky game is no fun to watch.
I saw and had such high hopes it was a spoof account.
yo bro this vidd and song is too dopee.!!!!
Do you follow ?
Get tips for talking to your kids about money, 140 characters at a time.
Yellow cake with chocolate icing, I hope.
MyPastRelationships made realize what NOT to look for in a boyfriend.
there isn't a good way to phrase this, so I'll just say it: I want to touch your cats.
somebody that I used to know  gotye
yea I know
just got ticked tf off
Penn Station on a Saturday night feels a little postapocalyptic.
If you think that money is enough to provoke my love then you must never have truly learned the meaning of the word Kiera Condon
6 minute commute today?
that's what's up.
ILove nights without any homework.
I'm glad Obama came out of the closet with his support for gay marriage, but I still think people should be rioting in NC.
Writing the most flexible rules possible for directing traffic on the new company's website.
They use an adhock heirarchy of pages and cats
My workplace had a meeting to better prepare us for another meeting later in the day.
i spent 15 on itunes in under 2 minutes oops.
4/21 is National doctorg Test Day.....beware smokers
thanks for sharing
yayayay ice cream fromcoldstoneofcourse and movies at my house?
Its cold outside!
feverishly taking notes to share back.
much jammed in I am working to make connections b/n info.
How easy is it for wind gusts to talk to each other?It is a breeze
USAID partners with business not just for  to expand programs, but for their longterm interests as employer, investor, supplier,  buyer.
Bro....Is 1PM At The AfterNoon???
FOLLOW if you older den 14 .
Space can be fun, depending on who you are with.' Sergei Krikalev:
Tyra told me the same thing it relates to theinfernaldevices it doesn't ruin anything  who do you like better Will or Jem?
Awww : Sorry I wasn't online love!
We're working on creating some promotions for our members soon.
Any ideas?
off for checking in on 4Sq/FB?
off for referrals?
Other?
I feel so blue...
What is your favorite Superbowl commercial of all time?
ohh gosh jp maybe i will :
At ChallengePost, we work with free software but our trash bags are proprietary
good night
I always wanted to go to London.
Throwing down tonight  Family House Sports Bar in Bradley.
See ya there.....Start at 10!
hey All!
we had to sign up for TrueTwitpaininazzbut spammers have infiltrated!
will remove app when done w/spammerscannerthanks
Nice to meet you too!
Thanks for the kind words!
Home Alone what should i do?uhhmm.
Hitting up late night!
Cheers!
how can you like someone you've never talked to?....
;
Thanks for spreading the word!
To everyone who has received this message from me:Someone said this real bad thing about you in a blog please don't pay any attention to it
Life changes yet again.
Gotta stop losing my cool
hey how are you?
Im doing alot better, Myung Wol Spy is endearing and funny at the same time.
Apparently I don't own the road.
But I do pay my taxes.
i hate when niggas want 2 go 2 the same college as u u dont like and they be on dick morgan howard and bcu and csu get off dicks get a life
If I was at the game, sure, I can understand.
Dumb to broadcast it on national TV, though.
Annoying.
Not everyone adores kids
I don't understand card catalog nostalgia.
Hm, how do I tell a fake black widow spider from a real one?
Is it something about the web?
Thanks Christine, you rock!
xo, Christiane
sweet  and yes
I wish my office didn't know when my birthday was...Live it up while you can...
Yea, um...thanks.
84 of Americans believe a womans appearance affects whether she's asked to represent her company at outside meetings
Don't ever judge a book...
The next chapter could be you.
imagine you and Louis are in a dark room and you can hear him whisper tonight i'm loving you
Thanks for the love, my man.
RT Everyone should read OotC.
attending ACRL Visualizing Data
Let's try this again...
Wang?
Character?
Did you just start following hockey on Long Island?
I can go all day Mike...
sorry about that.
My twitter has been acting up.
How you doing man?
Latitude 41 is a great mobile office for brainstorming event initiatives!
37th floor room...
Fear of heights be dammed.
Why does everything always have to be a thing?
What are you even talking about.
yeah....i 've been asking people their opinions and what they think and i knew i had to ask u
great meeting you too!
I'll be here for the whole thing, so perhaps I'll bump into you again!
Remember that life is not simply a matter of living in your PASSION...it is first about being thankful for living...
We're almost at 100 fans on Facebook!
Go search The Silver Dynamic and Like us!
Dwight Howard and The Brooklyn Nets!!
thanks for being here.
Great job!
It's a desert out here with all this doctor humor.
Oh, sexy.
on the next Fresh Air.
what?
Was there really a pie in there?
Where do I find this treat?
Nothing says Twitter spam like the words I'm real in your professorle.
hum...maybe I still will!!
The most interesting and cutest guy I know is Noah.
He's great!
you too!
Thanks for your awesomeness!
Thanks!
I appreciate it.
my hair grows more  more everyminute!!!!
:D Plus i just fixed the power at my grandparents house!
:D today is awsume!
lol
SHOUTOUT TO :D
Watching Alanis and Katy Perry at secret show in LA...
Filming for Katy's movie.
Damn.
I thought Lil Kim was dead...
Welcome to new Jaguars fan !
Can't wait for the
Jesus is kicked back, totally relaxed  worry free.
That's the same peace He gave to YOU.
RECEIVE IT!
man havent been on in a while
The celebs that Twitter killed  Beaumont Enterprise
today is ALLSAINTSDAY.
why come halloween gets all the attention and All Saints Day hardly a mention?
positive momentum has taken a fall.
BIG ANNOUNCEMENT about AnaJet's commitment to our customers coming soon!
Stay tuned!
Painted my nails last night and they are already chipping.
doctort!
good luck!
Thanks!!!
i have a few other Gears Of War Wallpapers i made for the contest if you'd like to see them.....
What do you need help with?
Watching the America's Cup finals from the Midway today.
Should be chilly but exciting!
Hi Sarah!
Thank you for your kind note.
Our PTSD outreach for for families and childoctorn starts today too.
Want to help?
Just warm enough to let baby girl trickortreat.
HELLA cold by Bay standards.
What's good back home?
RT : iQ releases frictionless sharing: Instantly notifies user network about actions
Total Vibration  Blog Archive  Home Improvement Tips That Are ...
It is not what we take up, but what we give up, that makes us rich.
Listening to Christmas carols while having an ice cold shower now that's what you call a winter wonder land :
you still got the Spurs
Off to Palm Beach Gardens 3 :
Thanks for the RTs today!
not say so.
I'll do so if I must
Colton don't mess up Earth Wind and Fire!
why are you nervous??
It's sad, but it's true, how society says her life is already over.
I'm grateful that the only clear channel on my tv is the FX channel which continuously plays all my favorite XMen movies
Maybe they should be the first series to opt of using goalies?
Missing my baby girl :/
May you doctoram about cats and good travels, friends!
Can't wait for class on Saturday at LouConte in Chicago!!!
I adore people with a sense of humor !!!
AH IT WILL BE JUSTIN
2 dumped a box of luckycharms on the floor.
The question: to eat the marshmallows or to not eat the marshmallows.
tempting.
I left my iPod at home and had to go an entire train ride without audiovisual media.
I nearly died.
Boutta start dis whole skate/rap movement wit my lil bro caleb.

Loving you was my favorite mistake.
I'm tired of my creativity being held back by people.
When I use my creative ability, its to make something awesome.
BrianGreene brings us the question of the multiuniverse and rocks the opening of
The last three december's Tony Romo is 68 completition 12 TD's to 1 Int.
Career 4628 as a starter.
Never had a great defense.
Stop hating
ThosePeople that just creep
Prep swimming: David thriving on small Branson girls team
Saints are on fire!!!
Lots of weapons on that team, sproles, grahme, thomas.....balanced and aggressive
Happy Sunday!
: 
ohh yess, just wait when I get my license you'll be the firs to get picked up
Put this game in the SMITHsonian as the greatest win in Coyotes history!!!!
Good Morning.
Great job mommy for finishing in 2 hours an 19 minutes on your first half marathon!
Now I need to sleep proud tired
he been acting real tough  talking crazy lately, im not feeling that.
he gone get smacked !
haha your password was gummy 2011!
your gay!!!!!
I care more about just your boobs and puffy lips, chris.
I'm the biggest batman fanboy...
:
My back is peeling..
Right in time for prom..
Strapless doctorss..
YUP 
No!
More Doors!
bb cream is basically an allinone tinted moisturizer, primer,  SPF!
Really popular in Korea/Japan but now available here!
i am aii
You better be ok, Brownie.
''Did you sleep okay?'' ''Yeah, a full 40 minutes.
And i had time to make that rocking horse''
RT RIP Steve Jobs.
His impact on the computer industry cannot be overstated.
www.apple.com/stevejobs
I cant believe I've gotta miss part of the laker game..
oh well volleyballproblems LIFE LakerNation 
Only thing I hate when people say hella in this tense  I'm hella unfollowing some people  Nigga y u no make sense ?
AskArm the first Bieber related trending topic for 2012 3
doctornk is actually pretty awesome!
Best night!!
A hoagie from Wawa would be unbelievably great right now.
a blueberry muffin!
You sent me one like 3 mth ago.
glad u like the 2 PBR at
I pronounce One Direction One Dyerection and everyone tells me its One Derection and im just her like WHAT IS THE DIFFERENCE
Next time a blocked number calls you answer like this: Local sperm bank.
You jack it we pack it.
How may I help you?
MerryChristmas to all you!
Have a wonderful day with your loved ones.
I wish I was with right now 3 :c
: museums fill edu gap in teaching critical thinking  citizenship: we r the antidote to fillthebubble testing
Ready for July 4th with the best friend at the beach!
The Emergence of Greg Little, if the Browns can get a legit 1, Little could be a really great
I stand by my mikethe mechanics statement.
Sing it.
don't yell it.
Joey Ramone will haunt y'all.
I love medal of honor for my psp
We expected that response.
That's what the bait was for.
; RT : And : Everyone THINKS they're a journalist.
The red rooster apollo martini..
Divine!
Eggfoam gin Ginger and sage.
Yummy on a cold bitter night
James hared having that moment
Right now I'm trying to make a script funnier, but realizing that there's nothing really funny about it.
Honesty is comic, I suppose.
if not they're all at Dolores park.
Cool.
Sounds like a ton of work!
So when are you due back home?
RT : One week from I'm looking forward to sharing the floor with some awesome speakers
Mikes Diner in BackBay Boston you win the award for Homefries!
Taste like gravy.
I will not be back.
everybody dies!
; haha I'm only like 1/4 of the way through but it's really good so far :
I heard you and your loud swallow.
Oh how I love and
Looking forward to networking with Business Life Ministry this morning!
How are you darling??
RT : Hey Girly...
Hope we close early tonite..
don't feel like being here
Sarcastic people 
im still hungry though
damn straight i will bro, diamonds on your disco stick, for the fookin win!
go see the invisible hand!
Gotta love them chicken strips and chocolate chip cookies
Cosign!
It helped during my doctorve home RT : postgame argument was more fun than ingame tweeting.
hi josh!:
There are two rules for success.
1.
Never tell everything you know.
Did Fox miss some of the RedSox game or did I black out for a second?
aw this song.3
God, I can't take this job much longer
thanks for the follow!
Gold Ruh!!!
California Real Estate is Booming !
Buy cheep sell high !
Messing up your nail polish within 5 minutes of painting your nails 
I know right?
Craziness!
: Braces are off: HOLY ASDFGHJKL;
Holy crap!
In 24 hours, I'll be in Grand Rapids visiting bff  meeting his new baby!
same post!
Finding the hidden agenda is part of winning the pitch.
I love that scene!
Rafael beats the shit outta that twink!
Beats Solo by doctor doctor OnEar Headphones with ControlTalk
What a glorious day
Git on down to the Cow and kick off your Halloween Weekend in Classic Cow Style!!!
Giddy Up
Someone go get your nails done with me Saturday morning at 10:30
LeBlanc family reunion in Fresno California comming up, hope to see you there.....
You guys did way better than AMAZING week  Voting my heart out tonight.
Getting academics out of comfort zonevery difficult RT how do we get out of our comfort zone and try new tools...
John Montagu, 250 years ago you ordered beef served between slices of bread.
Thank you for inventing the sandwich.
apparently I need to buy soil for our vegetable garden?
But it can't be the same soil we bought for flowers?
And what to plant?
Congrats   you will both be seeing TONIGHT!
Your names will be on the SIM list!
nope.
The J's are interchangable.
P2 needs to snag the crown
File under reasons President Obama is great: now publically supports gay marriage equality.
I CAN LeXXah doctorw SINGLE, C.
Little track  JUMPSTART FAME Theme Song...AVAILABLE on iTUNES!!!
I heart Tim Gunn!
Come to BES!
preparing my stomach for toledo  fried foods as veggies, bud lite as beer, and sunlight as what is this shit?
Austin's back!
thanks for the tweet earlier.
I am craving the potato salad right now.
Secret ingredienthot dogs or cilantro?
Woo woo?
Now you're singing Rolling Stones songs  and that's a good thing!
What a weekend.
VT Hokies won, and the Homestead Races, now getting ready for our booth in the mall this weekend.
Have a great day everyone.
Saddened to hear Steve Jobs has passed away :
I'm afraid Cincinnati won't enjoy any of the doctorJonny Fever jokes I prepared.
Might have to keep them in my heart.
alli can i get a follow from you?
it would mean the world to me 3 i love you.: you are so pretty o
Ahahahaha!!
Keep up the good work!
RT : Good news: Took out a zombie sneaking up on me.
Bad news: I need a change of shorts
You're cool.
Stay cool this summer.
Next year will be AWESOME!
Thanks for joining us today!
Bring with you soon!
IWantToPunchPeopleWho are jealous and envious!!!
Smh
Onstage surprise!
Nice to see you, friend!
Come find me later?
he's so beautiful 3
Thanks for sharing our publication with your followers!
:
sharpen your teeth and bite as hard as you want3
Today was a pretty good day!
:: yep, happy to participate, email me deets!
I can't deal.
The whiskey cakes are soo good!
RT : UM alcohol infused cupcakes YEA imma need those
Thought you couldn't love betty white more than you already do?
I present:
Bad thing?
Could things get worse for Knicks?
: Would return of Lin be good or bad thing?
Ok that story about Murph just made me cry !!!!
I'm so happy for him...
What a good, aware, momma's boy, ball player we have in our MURPH
Chalmers Johnson wrote about the costs of empire bankrupting the nation with 600 or more military bases around the world.
how is she getting that home?
It looks awesome tho!
He's 18 , I Believe that Someday he'll follow me back NeverSayNever 3 34
every one on my TL bandwagon passengers
Obama is a terrorist.
The NYPD are terrorists.
The Department of Homeland Security, FBI, TSA, CIA, they're all terrorists!
FUCK THE NWO!
Writing an intern guide re: how  where to mark accession s on objects.
Just wrote whole paragraph about pencils.
hush??
isn't that who u work for or something
2 hour delay!!
:D
u r did u ever tell him u luvd him
Re: conference wireless  tweets: Andoctorw Miller  the IT committee say you're more than welcome.
Better late than never
anytime erin
i'm about to see!!
you guys are lame...
hahahah
I am looking at two Articulate Engage interactions that I created through Citrix on an iPad.
Too cool!
and we'd be very bored without you all!
The mediocre teacher tells.
The good teacher explains.
The superior teacher demonstrates.
The great teacher inspires.
William Arthur Ward
Uhg commercial at the BEST part ..
of course
girl took that pic of me and connor kissin lolol
We are C level professorssionals available for interim CEO and CFO positions and turnaround management services in the healthcare industry.
how'd you know that tweet was about you?!
If you're in DC this wknd, come visit our booth at Scifest!
See the host of ,  Bill Nye !
just incoming text messages that have been sent in chinese not all of them.
Thank you!
I did a while back, I haven't scrobbled anything in a couple of years though.
through the wickets...
Zimmerman should be locked up!
Or at least a bigger bony.
150,000 is nothing compared to what he did!
oh,and bing maps are awesome.
they even plug in the traffic reports and tell you the conditions for your travel
lol took me an hour to remeber my user name smh my head
my brothers college graduation
agree spread the love thanks!
Poor girl!
Q8 But I'm trying to finish my ARC backlog so I can give them to
Nathan Fillion and Adam Baldwin39;s Reunion on 39;Castle39; Recalls Great 39;Firefly39; Moments
Me too!
I didn't really mess with him before DC2 tho...
Happy birthday to tahtherreah  vernon, I love u; happy bday to all the leo's on twitter...........
Did my mum call you?.
Ohmygod.
you're killing me.
Best bring a case home with you.
Stat.
they go win the series against the pacers n win it all
Go To My Page Check Out The Beats Download/Listen/Lease  Leave Comments SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat
will u fallow me
Thx!
Trying to work on my twitter skills.
Now...getting ready to enjoy day two of no kids no hubby no work!
:
If some one has a problem with me say it to my face I'll legit respect you way more
Ergg my hands r soo chaped i hate cold weather so much...but at least theres no heat to make my hair frizz up :p
this is true...
But Bjs and the artisan are slightly different vibes...
;
Who's excited for it's less then a month away :
nutella, jam, ham, cheese...it all goes on the baguette.
just not at the same time!
going to STK.
come out.
cc :
We know you're good for it!
RT One of the nicest thing about Aquarians is that they don't judge you.
Thanks to OKC Party Bus riders for a great weekend!
Always happy to be your designated doctorver, making sure you live to party another day!
god i know.
sometimes i look at her bibliography and tremble in my inferiority.
Friday traffic in LA.
happy birthday taylor!
aw!!!
Thanks Jonathan!!!
:D GospelRocks!!!
Haha
RT : A3.
Unless its intolerable, stick w/any job for at least a year.
It may suck, but  1 year looks bad to employers.
what can i say.
i love the environment
:But, it is a little ridiculous for April..
Im terrified about how hot it'll be this summer when we are usually in the 90s.
wife and i were thinking about going on sunday.
Was that one of your possibilities?
Weekend I welcome you with a smile!
Heading to then pumpkin patch with my nephew, Gray.
A wonderful weekend is in our midst!
Good moring.
doctorpping by to say hello and to wish you a great week.
Take care.
I can't wait 
haven't figured out who is more annoying.
kelly rippa or rachel ray?
My night got 1000x Better3:D
Welp looks like my plans are busted for tonight
Hey you, top o de' mornin' to ya.
What's the plans for today?
My New England Boiled Dinner is simmering on the stove Smells heavenly :
Fact: Bachelorette parties are trouble.
So Right it's official now that Girls is the best  funniest show on tv.
And that Lena Dunham is a total freaking star...
I swear my family needs their own reality TV show.
hey it's , i just posted our pic from Grammy event!
Wow, Vinny got fat as fuck.
That's a good 70 lbs of fat gain right there.
AT LEAST.
Hahhahaha!
Love it
Nice seeing you last night brotha!
Glad you liked it!
: My brother and I liked this one!
Another Thursday done, ready for Friday!
Aww Yea!
RT : Hometown Mario Miranda walks out with Shawn Kemp Sonics jersey for weigh in!
Officials also wrote and thought about what WWE WrestleMania XXXI and WWE WrestleMania XXXII, but where they take place  yet hidden.
I know!
I'm trying to go back to sleep!
can't believe my last formal is here already.
Pole dancing class!!
:
: nobody mess with  her ranch.
SheWillGoHam :x hahaha its legit the only thing in my life that i enjoy!
I could really use a good fuck today
Thanks for working with LivingSocial to lighten my grocery bill this week!
Wish I could have bought multiples!
Virginia leads two runners stranded in the top half of the 4th, trail Terps 10.
ArtistsRegistration open until 5pm tomorrow.www.ghartwalk.com
I'm here to try some of your work!
I gotta semiautomatic that spits next time that you talk
follow me and you'll get 3 wishes.
Enjoying the weather today
Because the players were worse.
Remember Hawpe, Cantu, Patterson and Johnson?
And who can forget Alberto Gonzales?
oh wow that's really interesting ...
and leave you thinking..
I can't wait to hang out with you this weekend, before completely ditching you for a random hookup
damn those 140 characters.
Moral of the story  the Canon 35 is my doctoram lens.
they pretty as shit
ThisSummerImTryna have the best summer ever.
congrats on Formspring tear, u guys r an inspiration!
Absolutely.
Cal does a great job.
Just feels like media is portraying it as only place to go if you want to get to the NBA.
Yeah You Want Me To Do Yours
The brewers have gotten many more severe under than over performs from players  this point and they're only 1622.
They would never trade Wright, I hope, I would cry
RT : Celebrate bilingual reading  Latin American culture w/ Medina  Meadowdale Library, Sat.
10am
Now following Howdy!!!!
;p
I can't wait to see you in concert in June!
Up all night, Niall!
I hate these situations 
Any SLIS cat lovers out there?
Help out a professorssor!
doctor Applegate needs a cat sitter Oct.
1519.
Email her for details: .
.....having said that, please no one jump me
To make friends because I'm okay I'm bored from morning conectadoo and not to do.
nice professorle sweetie
The LoveETC show was a success!
A huge thanks to the and all the brides that came by!
i think your paleness is adorable actually.
But just incase, please use sunscreen :
That must be a good show.
Is the audience 30 cats?
That's pretty awesome :D!
Wanted to sign the Suzes Truth Pledge.
but only Americans can sign the pledge :
RT : RT : RT : Congrats to Coach Fisher and San Diego State on an amazing season.
can you play Call Me Maybe pleassee?
:
Give cultural data 'Roots and Wings.' Make it good, let ig go
Bring the family by today for our special Kiddie Happy Hour!
Specials from 11am1pm
Great hire.
Congrats Les!
RT : rams have hired les snead as new gm, a source tells
Thanks Ilja!
I appreciate that very much.
Get your free market snapshot at www.atlantahomesales.net!!!
Will fill you in on the fun details next week!
: great meeting!
Have fun tonight and have a great weekend!
: for sure!
I wanna play basement corn hole lol Sounds freaky.
RT : Want to win Cubs tickets???
Follow us on here and Like us on Facebook to find out how!
That moment yu forget the toast is in the oven burnt lmao
PRAYING with you sweet friend!
?OTD  What does living the doctoram mean to you?
I'm still looking for something....not sure but hopefully ill find it!!!
you beat mine ?
Ibeat yours lol :
Thanks to , the speakers and volunteers for making wcmia an awesome event.
and I had a blast!
ten four!
Good connecting with you on Linkedin  look forward to your tweets :
Yo are you ready for your semifinal matchup?
Good luck.
Rooting for you to win it all.
but I'm scared :c
I did.
And for that I apologize.
Hide under the covers.
I would love me a pair
It's cool to wake up with songs in your head and they are all by your friends!
lol Yall songs in my head!
Im just grinding thank you for all you support family
BIRDS THE WORD.
digging the newtwitter easy to get around to what i want and see what i need to see, lets see if thats how we feel in the days to come
SomeoneIWantToMeet !
!
And ALL THE WAY!
One quality of leaders and high achievers in every area seems to be a commitment to continuing personal and professorssional growth.
Thanks a lot Obama, I look super good today so there's now a 99 chance I'll get made out with by happy lesbians
they totally have a gingerbread man instead of Plumpy now.
Stupid politically correct board game companies
NU QUOTES!
Do Or Do Not.
There Is No Try.
Yoda  Ron A.
Spaulding, Pres.
UMG 's 1 Fontana Distribution 
A dunk or a one legged fade away?
Why is it so bad so smoke weed?
Giants need a sack!
Difficult to believe: Northern CA saw snow, hail  rain over the wkend.
postponed 'til today; riding near on Tues!
PANEL INFO: Social Business Success by DoubleTree by Hilton SocaiBIz SIS102 M: P:
It is being over used.
I still like it because it forces me to utilize le mot correct.
It's good practice for larger pieces.
tea leaves are talking again and its not pritty...well they are being very fair...O this and O that its BIG O ALL THE TIME..................
I'm on the no eating diet until Xmas so I'll just be doctornking tonight...but sushi sounds delish!
Margie Bryant, AVP Auxiliary Services, talks about food trucks  test run with has been successful!
Happy Valentines day!
And fat albert rt : Watching The Voice and thinking ceelo looks like a mixture of mini me and misterT.
your kind of perfect
I did plenty of fish, it's where I met my now fiancé
Over this gay ass weather, definitely ready for summer.
HurryUp !
Its a date: RT : im thinking chocolate and an episode of revenge will make a perfect bff night
They way believers rationalize...cracks me up.
RT : After school naps 

I knew it!
You really can buy ANYTHING on Amazon.
Plus, no state sales tax!
Shout out to some of my fave kidfriendly tweeps
please tweet or follow for her birthday on the 27th!
It's cold af!
A bat was just in my house!
MostScariestThingInMyWholeLife!!!!
Gearing up for the storms ...
and a night of no sleep.
cheers?
I Failed!
Richard J.
Ryan, mechanic, model train hobbyist
yeah!
will it help my foot or ankle?
: I need a home cooked meal...
Need to go to Lorain...
my moms can cook!!
lol
Headed to downtown LA, near and around the Staples Center to hydoctorte XGames crowd!
Once we get close we will give you an exact location!
Remember, give 5 change back in singles, 10 as a five and five singles.
I'm pretty sure that's on the bar.
Good luck.
haha april fools :p
and that's not me
hahah you.
are.
funny.
really you are.
RT : ILTA Career Center launched!
Twitter account to follow: Please RT as resource to those looking for jobs.
Did you get hacked???
omg we better dance a lot!!
Haha I want us to dance all Mexican and stuff hahaha
Many thanks for throwing BENT ROAD into the mix when suggesting a book worth reading!
Much appreciated.
ICONic BOYZ ARE BACK BABY
I bashed team for trade but honestly so far I was wrong..hammel a hell of a pitcher
idk isn't there a dance store somewhere?
Fit in the City  Manhattan Times
just saw your latest commercial, the environment wins?
When has the environment won with CHK?
My God, it's full GOP script
Going to a rather nasty dental procedure, really curious about the effects of nitrous oxide since I've never had it before
Can Someone Please Explain To ,Me How Youu Use Tumblr ?
TwoferTuesday  Uploading now...
Here too!
Breaking into every channel with Breaking News.
An Amazing  Historic Day!
So NOT funny RT : ..suspicious package was a grenadelike novelty item mounted on a plaque with a sign: Complaint Dept.
Pull Pin.
5:15pm at Startup Showcase  Hoping it's like American Idol for Startups!
Wonder who's gonna be the 'Simon' there!?
that's cool, you're a good doctorwer.
Potato chips and Cab.
No bueno.
That's a technical wine term right there, friends.
That red carpet is smokin'
Manatee Mystery: Why Can't They Avoid Speedboats?
The sea cows have good hearing but may be less aware of sounds when they're sleeping.
RT : LAST DAY to enter to win 500 Plum District dollars!
2 enter, follow   retweet
Just saw the most beautiful rainbow near the casino.
Don't even want to look for a pot of gold have everything I ever wanted!!
I don't even know why I try he doesn't even care :/
No!
You said sad lemur!
In Romney campaign update, stays on message: energy, the economy, and Ann's Mother's Day oped.
No mention of gay marriage
I have an autographed ball by Killebrew :
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay gosh I'm tired of UK winning championships.
If you like it so far, you're in for a real treat
ughh so jealous its was prob beautiful!
You read my mind!
lol ill call you every day after school
Bad Choice
watch the Community version of Law and Order, so great!
Seane Corn: the web is great for reaching out, connecting, diversity.
Pushing tech boundaries for positive change is key!
I know I'm not perfect.
I can't pretend to be, but before you point your finger make sure your hands are clean :
What the what!
This will produce American jobs.
A law To do business in America you must use American operators to handle customer complaints!
How are you making THIS Monday better than last Monday?
2012: New Year, New YOU!
Please use your Japanese made cell phone to donate to the Red Cross by texting 90999 to make a 10 donation to the japan eq 
: u girls still out?
out like a light at this point.
Again Walter tweeted king of finance
Love to our new followers!
Many Thanks!
I would eat you, deep fried!
Yay!
You're follow us...wait...you weren't following us before?
We need to talk.
GladtoHaveYou :
oh thank you!
I will start there.
I'm a super, uber baking newbie.
Oovoo date with daniel and Issac 3 haven't had one in forever haha
News tip on investment in bestofworld online video with names you know.
Coming via email a week in advance
CANT WAIT !!
Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST !
I love you kidoctoruhl !!
swag 39
Secret Service?
No secret now they were getting serviced.
Really looking forward to here à Paris!
Haven't decided where to head first...
Anyone have any must see for tonight?
you will have to come see it soon.
An entrepreneurial skill set is not only empowering to individuals, but also helps foster participation in the community
Best audience comment during Paranormal Activity 3  Finish him!
Followed by Flawless Victory.
SALE: Purchase your at the door with the code TheaterWithHeart get 5 off!
Wat we on tonight?
quit lying to yourself boyy
tell them I love them all!!:33
story time?
Please, entertain me.
i have no problem with that at all.
lmfao :D
Bought the app.
Looking forward to your other games.
Cheers.
I wish I had one.
Although does it count that I pictured them as bowling pins and using the stroller to knock them down?
keep it trilla
Goodnight y'all 
Nineteen FortyEight
Lovin your skills sir.
hey austin follow me back please i love you so much3
R tip: browseVignettes, which does exactly what you'd think, is key.
Oh the stress ...
Big news coming ...
thank u so much again for doing that!
You are amazing and nice seeing u again 33333333333333333
Getting to know someone is the best part; the laughs, questions  smiles.
Till you know them  hate the arguments, fights  aggression.
Autumns gonna be a future hair stylest.
Js.
She colored mine and her hair and it's looks amazing.
thankssister.
:
Hey , we see that you moved!
No excuse for not getting in your entries to this year's Miami addyawards.
Hope to see you there.
u should really follow hes so talented just like you justinfollowaustin :D
I think twitter is retarded!!
you have so simplified my life.
Teacher Training The primary reason for implementing teacher training is so that teachers are well equipped and knowledgeabl
ya!
Lol I miss you :
more interested in protecting real ecosystems from finance.
call me
Making tons of stuff for with some friends :
Wishing I had more blue cornmeal cornbread from Miguel's Southern Kitchen but alas the lunch leftovers were devoured by 4pm.
you welcome :D
We can always tell how busy I am by the state of my inbox.
lol
I'm going to grab some hot chocolate from the store.
The studio is as cold as a morgue and just as dead emotionally.
Last chance to win tickets 920pm.Hear their new single 2nite on X EFFECT.
Tune in now
Not saying ur wrong, but only 7 players on roster have even spent more than 1yr with him.
I think more indictment of players.
So excited for concert June 2nd.
Not to be missed!
The apartment looks a bit better, still have to do the laundoctor haha.
Just gonna wait to do that until gets home :3
i tried to put a video tribute on youtube but im a failure and it didnt work sorry :
RT : Politico Poll: Obama has 52 job approval, 72 personal approval and 59 who probably vote for him again in 2012...
If you want to win, play with Kobe...
If you want to have fun, play with Lebron
Stupid conversations make sense when u are talking to someone special
You take a picture of that but not of you doctorssed up looking fancy?
:/
I am a Packers fan but can't argue that the Bears r crazy 4 not signing you 2 a HUGE deal!
Keep being the good guy!
Have you sent in your submission?
The deadline is approaching and you might be just what our festival needs!
CHECK IT OUT!
Thank you.
How are you this fine afternoon?
and um did u rlly say gym??
Been there done that...
Remember!??
Lol
Lullaby  The Cure
Be true to your work, your word, and your friend.
I feel bad for all the Redskins fans out there
there is a clothing store in Boston that has a huge window display like that.Their clothes are crap.The sewing machines are cool

We r staying in a very nasty motel.
We r staying long enough 2 get a car and the ability 2 say all moving costs and fines 2 get us ...
just bought doctormsticks and was wondering what i would make with them!
thanks!!
No need for debate.
Wondering if Backpage professorts from minors sold for sex?
Spend ten minutes looking  their adult ads.
Tragic.
Slowing down to appreciate the little things and the doingabsolutelynothing time with the one you love.
Alyssa Snedaker is going to get her ass handed to her ;
next stream smilecon 4pm EST
Other surprise appearances in Egan's talk : Dark Shadows, Elvis Costello, David Bowie, and the value of art.
All these pics of girls wit they lips poked out wow and some of them look silly
CyFair College Branch Library will be closed Today.
Will reopen for regular hours on Monday.
thanks for the mention!
Anger dwells only in the bosom of fools.
Albert Einstein
:: Radar lit up like a gaudy neighbor's house on Christmas Eve.
is watching the sky...
Live at 3 in 30 min on
Wow....Cliff Lee's BACK!!!!
Gonna be a good season for sure!
JUSTIN U KNOW WHAT U SHOULD DO?
Upload a YouTube video of u singin a cover like old times.
DO IT!
Please!!
lmfaoo ew thts so gross !!
Btw did u listen to the message ?
Is it Gunner?: lmfao
Q1 If I have a smallbiz idea, how do I get started?
Monica Teresa Ortiz, writer, UT alum, English Literature '03
Trickin 'n' treating.
GoodnightTwitter gonna try and go to sleep
many thanks for the
Dinner out tonight with a few musician friends.
Gong Hei Fat Choi!
Hello and welcome to our New Followers !!!
I'm not saying all laws are pure.
I am just saying from a theoretical standpoint, lawbreaking  unethical.
Possible paradox?
Sounds about right!
RT : Polished, clean, and crisp, yet not edgy!
one of the best games I've ever seen.
sorry the season ended.
stay hungry
When Painters get old, are they put out to pastel?
you're prob right, our futures would go downhill from that point on lol!
I'm going to London this summer though!
I wanna see them..
: Ty Lawson is just killing it tonight!
yes he is
Happy day to you and the crew.
hug
How inspiringa sea of white, male faces behind MittRomney.
Feels so good to see that as an American woman in 2012.
And CENTRAL time zone.
I mean, if your bunny ears are messing with your memory, for crying out loud, just take them off.
Had the chance to record some videos.
Can't wait to get them out there for everyone to see!
It ain't what you don't know that gets you into trouble.
It's what you know for sure that just ain't so.
Mark Twain
Im out y'all shoutout to
loving my kids.
they make me laugh so hard.
would you say it was more human centipede or more men in black 3 ...?
Happy Mothers Day to all the awesome mom's out there!
just saw office space for rent with your name on it.
Rang in the new years with scientists.
Explained that what I do also heals.
Happy 2012!
Okay later today I will doctorp the details about my SXSW gigs.
Stay tuned.
Not going to stl this weekend instead I'm going to Chicago :
mostly live.
Lai is wore out though been coachin her to crawl !!
MommyDaddyDuties ;
LowCholesterol Recipes: Trail Blazer Barbecue Sauce 5 / 5 Stars  3 Reviews by ButterknifeRevolution A spicy barbecue sauce with the zi
your in perfect shape which is why you'll win!
Represent!!
shaved all my hair off today.
I'm bald.
Not kidding.
Feels nice.
Thanks for the RTs, guys!
Hope you all have a great day.
thank u:
Love you girl.
You are the real deal.
Thanx for the luv and support.
Football is like life, it requires perseverance, selfdenial, hard work, sacrifice, dedication and respect for authority.
Vince Lombardi
Can NOT wait until next week's
Sorry : I guess our phone system is havinga case of the Monday's
It's so hard to just eat one Reese's peanut butter cup while the rest are just staring you down from an arms length.
Yup!
I have a picture up!
Black shirt, gray jeans, grass background lol
: looking forward to your tweets!
Pink hugs, Lisa.
Nice commencement photo, Dave!
Thanks for posting.
Glad you made it out to celebrate with us.
now following...
looking forward to the info Hal
Walton needs 2 speed up play their GAME!!!
never ask for what you want, you'll be put on hold LOL
I think and Lamar are so cute.
Word.
Good look.
I smell a winner.
I am out of soap, tooth paste and shaving cream.
I am a disaster.
Such a fun video of you!
Anyone have the current weather for Kailua??
Is it actually cloudy or do we have a chance for a beach day??
Good manners and behavior, politeness, the use of good language are all part of the curriculum of primary, grade and high schools.
On good writing days, reflect on what went well.
Consider jotting a few things down, even.
It may serve as a great pickmeup for down days.
Everyday on twitter I see pics of girls in public completely naked when I realize these girls were all at alumni weekend at UMASS
I think of Jukie as more like Lester Rowntree: She once told a search party she wasn't lost  wouldn't be found.
Most people assume or lead themselves to believe that everyone thinks like they think.
It makes them feel better about themselves.
I want flowers
I am definitely inspired by your post.
I mentally give thanks each night, but need to be more formal.
I'm in!!
Compulsive weirdness done for the day!
Underwear doctorwer reorganized by style.
Not color.
That would be
The type of love you read about in Maxim and Spin...plus I hit ping pong shots with maximum spin
That works for me!
Let's touch base Wed and see when/where.
Last call: Deadline for U.S.
personal  sole proprietor tax returns  extensions is tomorrow File electronically if you can.
Chill with all that RT : If only you could saw what I see, you'd understand why I want you so desperately
This weather makes me wanna be home 
Yesterday is history.
Tomorrow is a mystery.
Today is a gift.
That's why it's called the present.
Ok, so not landarch but Rochester s own Abby Wambach is representing right now.
Go
I didn't really want this to get out but the truth is, I'm on the edge of glory.
The very edge..
kinda falling off.
It is officially spring and there are officially some BICEPS walking around the UWS!
Will do.
Thanks, Aaron.
We gonna ride the race cars
Happy Australia Day to all our Aussie friends!!!
Today's Special: BBQ Beef Tacos with slow roasted rib meat, tossed in a bbq and mustard sauce topped with our house slaw.
Dig it.
Seems to me like that would actually be a beneficial quality.
Deeply saddened by the tragic loss of Thoughts and prayers are with his wife and two sweet young boys.
Great guy gone too soon.
This fool on words with friends sure is talking a lot of shit for someone who's losing my over 100 points!
lol I'd take Chris Evans any day of the week, but since I was never an avengers fan I haven't rushed I see it
how can i get to go on a date with me?
Who wants to see this!?
doctorving past massive nice houses and thinking, I wish.
Portland's airport is cooler / nicer than Austin's airport.
there i said it.
also true that the weird have all been moving here too.
Im great!
added working for herbalife to my crazy schedule but its fun I make   keeps me skinny so hey not bad haha come to LA!
My dad is watching the most violent movie right now....
RT : The dates for Renaissance Fair have been set!
September 22nd  23rd, 2012!
caps Joel Ward of the will be in the history books FOREVER w a Game 7 OT gamewinninggoal while racist Bruins fans have nada
we'll see about that
Oomf is a compulsive liar...Lying straight through the texts.
Help me I'm trapped on the dance floor they won't let me out :
What did you wish you'd known / thought about / done differently the last time you bought a car?
I hadn't seen anything like that since Varsity Blues.
Its A Dirty Freak For All ;
Torn was on my TV.
That's amazing.
RT Pregnant ladies: The Casting Director of Pregnant In Heels will be all wknd looking to cast....
hell yeah u da man
Gary Ross won't be directing Catching Fire.
Pretty bummed.
Also probably means production will be pushed back :
A book that you are willing to put under your head for a pillow when you lie dying?
That's the book to study while you are living.
dude, San Fran?
more like 6hrs away from all his sex.
Half day tomorrow , whoooot .
:D
I know ; our boys all grown up
why cant i find any boys who wanna be honest  real from the start?!
fuck all the games, just be REAL.
idk why it's so hard for some people.
I want that!
has the 4 Brown.
M
Morning twitter
Lmfao You got 1 more year..You signed to UNC right??
Cause it was ugly ;p
I want people to go DANG!
Where did SHE come from?!
I want her on MY team!
I love u more
thanks for the updates!
Now I know what's going as I feed my baby and get him ready for bed!
I've started doing at least 10 min in the morning  feeling so much better!
the ones here do too
Ah, the non dues revenue part.
I would love a taco today that sounds so delicious!
BanzaiLoveYou all day
I'm stoked to see you in SB this summer for SAFF.
A5: Stellar engagement: spending less money for better candidates
i'm a mess.
one side of the page or both?
radio your waves at www.aaron.tv
Back at the airport already to leave.
It was a lovely few hours though, nice city :
Hi Duncan, I'm listening......
never been to balt 4 a ravens game.
that would be fun
THE catalina wine mixer
Lou Marson not good at baseball
Aww you're making me tear up here : Listen, if you ever want or need to talk, definitely send me a message.
I'll be here if you do
that's anus
thank you!!
Aw fun!!!!
Haha :p aww I like lots of music so much inspires me.
Wbu?
X
he apologized for using those words and not for the substance of the message which was: women who use BC are sluts.
Chill ass day...Met sum fam i aint no i had..And jux chilled...belive me next year dis time the hole WORLD GONNA NO WHO DANJA IS!!
odd froyo combos :
Great time with my client NewGroutNow at the National Restaurant Assoc.
Show at McCormick Place, Chicago.
The products sell themselves!
good for you!!
hope to see you guys live when you come to NY again.
Omg my sisters an I are watching a spanish soap opera called Eva Luna.
It's pretty interesting even though I can't understand spanish haha!
thanks...lets see what happens this summer
99 on my project!!!!!!!so happy!I worked on it for a while!so happy!
The radiation from smoking a pack of cigarettes a day compares to almost 2,000 chest xrays!
not bad B
Taking the SDLA express up to for the quarterly meeting to discuss new Statewide Strategy for reducing transpo ghg
RnBThrowBacks : Nice  Slow  Usher
you bet!
send me an email and I can set it up.
yup yup.
megha says to send some pics to put as facebook dp's haha..
RT : Little girls are screaming for the princesses at the parade, it's like calm down girls it's not James Franco
Focus on solar.
You'll have your hands full.
The results you achieve will be in direct proportion to the effort you apply.
Thank you!
Trust all is well in DC work....
woke up way too early today..
Holy crap!
Well Excuse Me I Just Seen The Video !
If you're looking for a predictable guy, I'm your man.
That said, it will take about three years for you to get to know me.
Hey, Alexa.
Hope you're having a good day.
The 5 Types of Prospects You Meet Online, and How to Sell to Each of Them
Last day for our Angel tree!
Help a local Austin child have a great Holiday!!
Twitter wud cut us off RT : I'm speechless.We should have been tweeting her comments all night.
I love this woman
Just got off work.....
Wow
Literally just ordered about 100 dollars worth of sushi with
not usually!!!
Interested in seeing a demo of MyLivePD the online coaching service?
Then stop by booth 909 at NSBAConf this weekend!
im sure your used to bein wrong so its whatever lol
congrats on your award for being one of Philadelphia fastest growing companies  an m31000 finalist  way to go!!
Look for your choices, pick the best one, then go with it.
Pat Riley
Bruschi was a solid,hardplaying linebacker but an overopinionated commentator
Im helping you Donnie, Hold On, Dont give up
I'm faithfully working out bro I plan to loose at least 10 to 15 while I'm here
My weekend arts marathon continues.
Today it's a matinee of Radio Golf Tonight it is Hello Dolly at
Ok Super Chargers!
Let's Do This!
I still love You LT, but You are on the other team now!
even dated.
my grandma always told me to LET GO  LET GOD !
Who starts, Torres or doctorgs?
thunder outside!?
I want some I've cream!
should I go or no?
What the fuck, all these cravings....
welcome, Chuck!
Where have I been?
New artists
Why cant I live in Texas?
I'm jealous of all of you who live in San Antonio  have seen and
Stop in for Happy Hour today 48pm!
1 off all, 2 off glasses of wine,  2 Hangar One  See you there!
Hey guys, I'm new to twitter so follow me please :
destressing time...laying in my room, lights off, candle lit, Marian Grace playing...thank you
If we cannot end now our differences, at least we can help make the world safe for diversity
That Nobody Knows Our Business Type Of Relationship 
I hate changes, I wish things could stay the same.
Done...
sorry it took so long
we can relabel tshirt.
Under the neck tape contact
Done!
Thanks Eric!
Besides the obvious BlackAndYellow, what colors you guys want to see on our next shirts?
Wanna hear from you
I wish I was your favorite girl, I wish you thought I was the reason you are in the world..3
Grammy's were pretty good, except noone else won except Adele!!!
When I get diarrhea now I refer to it as playing Game Of Crohns.
Makes it more fun.
Oh oh oh oh okay, Lamborghini Mercy, yo chick she so thirsty
I just feel like watching a movie marathon.
Instead, I have to study for AP Bio.
Great game bobcats.
Biyombo for ROY
was great thanks.
Great turnout for a week day.
My BBQ pizza  Two Hearted IPA were tasty
Thia is exactly why
I now officially get tweets sent to my phone :
spring in her step and on her toes.
You're the one who keeps me up at night, thinking about how we'd look in the future.
3
I got the New Rolling Stone and they just have a small write up on the Beastie Boys MCA Adam Yauch death.
Not even a mention on the front??
I wish I was a catfish.
At the office.....getting ready for a big week ahead
Pondering doing a codeathon on Open energy and smart buildings in Austin and Open health in DC thoughts?
I'm great how are you?
Companies find that w/ coaching professortability, performance  productivity go up.
turd????
Damn that's funny
...and im still tryna get out of the car
what's up johnny give em hell,!
I apologize in advance lol
Most people will LIE to you...
so if I come along  tell u d TRUTH  u don't know how to take it!
could go for some mc.Donalds right now
i got in the car, turned on pandora, and what came on?
Cake.
Short skirt long jacket.
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing that you will make one
UH I hate myself for not being able to do anything right now.
Legends of the Hidden Temple, Angry Beavers, Salute Your Shorts, adult humorStick Stickly?
Pinch me, I'm back in the 90s!
What's everyone doing on today?
Anyone going to parks?
is that a joke?
Funny.
Joke
I 100 agree with U
Major strategic error: I did not, in fact, have enough beer to get through the week.
Ugh.
I hit the snooze button four times in one morning before.
Take that, Josh Hamilton.
Charlottesville.
Desperately in need of sleep and Catching Fire.
Not necessarily in that order.
Persistent much?
: just wishing I had my MLS like you chickees.
TBJ was just so fun to watch, great personality, even as a broadcaster he is more enthusiastic than most players, HOF yes!
Congrats on the great reviews, I'm trying to round up a bunch of lit folk to see it in Dec.
If a black woman was rose from Titanic Jack: Rose, ill never let go!
/ Rose: um...its cold...bye.
Where's my necklace!!!
Movie time
Tomorrow from 35 we continue our International Coffee Series with an Italian Coffee afternoon.
Free Italian coffee and treats
When you ask the 40 Yo bday boy what he wants to hear for the last song and he says 2pac How Do You Want it  that's a good party.
HAHA only Phillip would go swimming at 11 on a school night RT: time to go swimming
Lattimore might want to train next time...
duh
Wow!!!
Ish Monroe with 1085 at the Power Pole Slam!!!!
Wouldn't we all love two 30lb bags!!
Awesome!
Where are you going to put it?
Loving the new logo!
and then he was like  and my face was like :0
That really living life would turn out to be much easier than it seemed at 10.
Yeah those 2 were just annoying.
haha, true.
you live, you learn...:
Back/Triceps today.
My favorite!!!
Nun much just stay doing me ,,
Thanks so much for the opportunity Chris.
We owe ya one.
Definitely  just send me a DM with your details
I doubt it will be close.
can you help me build an ecommerce site purely with webgl html5  inspired by three.js ?
Pay...
One mic one stage
Health advice.
You must control stress and not let stress control you.
Stress causes inflammation and sickness.
Sometime I feel like I am one of the few normal people left
Let's talk in more detail  We'll help you out!
Now trending NameAFollowerYouSmashed where do I begin......
People so violent nowadays
bro, im taking it to mister Wink he loves me.
So ill talk to him:
because he had money connected to them.
So true
READ POEM!
READ POEM!
READ POEM!
READ POEM!
READ POEM!
READ POEM!
READ POEM!
READ POEM!
READ POEM!
READ POEM!
READ POEM...
screw feelings..
Im all done with them.
I wonder if he knows he's all I think about at night?
Why not let help you power through your Wednesday!?
Flash your Zipcard between 5  7 to receive 10 off!
thanks you too !
c:
Thanks for the follow, Liz!
yay!
and i love ur hair :O
Represent!!!!
We played against each other by the way when you were at Sayre!!!
mine looks similar, but there is a method to our madness!
Ah dinner is taking longer than expected.
Still waiting for my food...
Missing sharktank :
Thanks to for donating the prizes for our Masquerade Ball costume contest last night!
Where can I buy cheap college text books?
Websites would be preferable
I really should've went off on this dude tonight!
But I'm going to just keep fighting and keep fighting to prove people wrong
That talk so barely scratches the surface of such a large concept.
Good talk.
Thanks!
It was great that you could be here!
twitter beef twitter beef
Just sang a long to Barry White's Practice What You Preach with a bunch of customers
aye fuck boi we actually got to go get our equipment soon i want those flat blacks
Ahh just heard someone on my porch D:
The data is now recovered.
Energy meter at zero.
Grabbing a quick nap, then back to transcription and translation.
And in every damn television show, there's a bitch that twenty guys are after.
Lol, typical...
don't judge what you obviously don't know...enjoy his talent!
Excellent  Thank you!!
Patience.
Involvement.
The signs of Mommy blues.
The regrets of yesterday and the fear of tomorrow is the tragedy of life.
...
BE CAREFUL.
If it were not for weed I would not be smokin weed today
We can have the greatest love story ever told its up to us to fill in the pages
I'm signing up for Cuz I don't waste enough time in a day already.
the one in the Dells is awesome
thanks so much for
: The Steelers know how to play football.
The Bengals do not.
Why are you always so right?
Great night to be from Boston!!!!
CORRECTION: 3:45 left to play.
Just cause I don't laugh at your joke, you mug me?
i stay home on thursdays now.
what.the.fuck?
Eventually the internet will become an intrinsic part of our consumer behavior.
thanks for the love SPdesigns.
Obviously...but both of you?
Watching chrome presentation at MLA conference at Kansas City with Brad Meyerhoff
Remind me to unfollow MT It's 3 P.M on a Friday.
Do you know where your 4th circuit ruling is?
i will later.
i tried to and it says forbidden rn?
i will when i can!
:
I'm gonna make sure this summer counts.
Also, I have just discovered that Saved By the Bell is on Netflix in its ENTIRETY.
I'm so excited!
I'm so excited!

Welcome R.J!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
Sunday Brunch is On, and today is the best day ever to try out our Local, Organic, Vegan Menu of Chef Wes Specials, Cocktails and Favorites
I am dividing my time between editing the next issue of SleepIssues and working on some mixed media art.
Completely remixed and remastered songs for the release of Between Tomorrow EP.
k.
Well I'm in Indiana, how long you gonna be there?
;
What is the one thing you can't wait to eat tomorrow?
Bahaha!
It's official!
:D
I love my kids so much that I agreed to turn the oven to 400 for 20 minutes.
Yes, my love is measured in degrees Fahrenheit.
oh damn so scared
I hate when people talk too much
Listening to Bullet for My Valentines.
I never get tired of them...
You're very welcome!
Its crazy how bad I want to be part of NARS just the thought of working with man o man
I you have interest in having a preview, let me know, so to be played on main radio stations in Atlanya, NY, LA.
Hope you like
The aerial shots reveal a number of folks doctorssed as Skittles.
sounds smokin hot!
i fully support your sexy hooper self, sister.
i'm over 6 foot tall so i an all leg too!
you inspire me!
...
don't deny it!
Biology makes me hate my life.
not chilling you know maintaining just promotong my web site.
Where r you from NY here.
The waiting period begins, that is the time between seasons of NewGirl.
Is it over yet?
Can't wait that long.
Finally made a twitter.
First tweet?
A quote; It doesn't matter how slow you go, just as long as you don't stop.
Confucius.
Visiting stupid colleges with my brother!
My mother doesn't trust me home alone for a day!
Geez
It's crazy, Haha.
Yep.
Given all we know about the game during his time, you have to assume he played through at least one concussion.

makes sense.
But I understand, baseball is all about history, and Boston is a historic town.
Smh been bar hoppin for 2 hours feeling real wavy right now
delicious !!
Well I'm makin a t shirt lolol
30thingsaboutme 30.
I just skipped to 30 because i'm too lazy to do the rest.
love you 3
To love abundantly is to live abundantly, and to love forever is to live forever
Hey FAC Heads!
Hope you're enjoying your night so far.
TGIF tomorrow, stop on by and snag up some of our newest batch of Atomic Bomberry!!
Food trucks good, tolls bad.
Nothing ha?
I'm a fangirl, but the girls who hate on certain ppl arund their idols, juss go in a corner and reavulate yourself then die!!
Kingsley!
RT : We have new facets emerging follow
breaking news: Dick Lugarwill lose a GOP primary to Richard Mourdock, Ind.state treasurer
If the Rapture does come Celtics fans will rise, but Heat and Laker fans get left behind.
GoCeltics Celticsfansfollow AllAbout18 follow
What it do pimpin'!?
Just been grinding lately and now lookin forward to the weekend.RT : whaaaaaaats good mang!!!
woo do i love TheWeekend 
We would welcome an intro to your friend, if he's anywhere as good as you.
Hope all is well.
stopkony wow!
The world has horrible people in it!
First to arrive, last to leave.
This is my life at work this week, and probably next week.
I can't stand tattoos.
To me they indicate that you follow the herd and care too much about what other people think of you.
I started my day by putting a load of laundoctor in the washing machine.
Now what?
reminds me of tonight i was all about it.
Had to tell the bouncer about Moombahton.
Ready to hear it in a Latin spot.
When you?!?!
suspenseiskillingme RT : I make odd noises when I
lol I said ouch in the voice and laughed :
Rihanna, SNL: Singer Gets Theatrical, Plays Black Widow and Cleopatra in BroadwayStyle Productions
Don't imitate, innovate!
Happy hump day.
Talking shit wit my husband I love this man!
Will you be at ASTD2012 next week in Las Vegas?
Maestro will see you there in booth 414.
Tell us what you are most excited about!
Hey, the Engineering Expo is back in action!
Come to LTB 1100!
Watching BeyondTrayvon i don't really know what to say but I'm sorry for the lose of your son.
Tom verducci still taking gutless potshots at braun.
verducci still confusing size of paychecks with his ability
umm..where are you going.
Rebecca from Philadelphia says I can afford anything I set my mind to!
after which Jesus spent 3 1/2 years preaching the gospel of salvation and eternal life which would come via His sacrifice....
Louis Vuitton Condoms ha, that boy better last a few hours, and some...
Hello World
Gotcha.
Probably a good idea!
I am thankful for what I have
Dear Kansas, thank you for taking me to the top of the brackets!
Never thought I'd be rooting so hard for the Midwest.
So fun seeing you tonight, !
Come back soon  chocolate doughnuts and key lime pie await!
But why your boy can have a longer conversation with me than you can and me and him are JUST friends
hell yeah, we'll be rooting for you.
See you in the Super Bowl
Price of flat screen tv's expected to go down 25 during the holiday season Sony, Panasonic  Samsung
only two minutes of temporary insanity
Is there a more frustrating matchup than HochevarMatusz?
ah it worked now I'm following on both accounts thank you do much!!!
:D
I feel Gotti on this 1
rocks, doesn't he?
: I am surprised you didn't show more of the office and the fancy metal door in there
If your girl tells you she's working out with her male personal trainer and they using a fitness ball........she cheating dawg!!!
Well, what did you say to her?
Birds were flying all around me at the beach, it felt odd.
I must smell like bread crumbs.
:
Playing tonight at Hotel Angeleno at 9pm with the great vocalist Sherwood Sledge, plus my compadoctors Ryan Cross and...
Good story.
Question asked on recent reference check: do they suffer from Millennial syndoctorme?
count on it!
ACMs WineAwardsShowsMix
Sitting and waiting for at the mainstage!!
Cracking at America the beautiful park for 420 Freedom Fest
: RT : RT : I wonder how many followers I'll lose due to The Rapture this weekend.
that sounds AMAZING right now
Change is the hardest thing especially when it comes to people
Totally, completely obsessed with Mob Wives, love and Thank you for introducing me to the show!
Missed the Kentucky derby 
: Proud and honored to have just received the endorsement of The Victory Fund  Huge victory for Tim Day for Ward 5
Where there is love there is life  Mahatma Gandhi
Bull Tucky!
The majority of Catholics or others care about this talking heads issue.
How can hypocrits be so loud?
Skin flute?
TooFar?
I can't wait to go back to school 
If you have SWAG go follow :
Food is like my best friend.!
: Don't get to thristy, you my dehydoctorte and die ThirstyAhh
Thanks for your encouragement re a custom built computer.
Mulling it over.
Waiting on the beltline...
For traffic to MOVE.
Yup!
Just found out and husband homebrew!
But not as much as she used to.
Don't forget to get your special package while you are there.
so I love blog!
Completely entertaining to me and very relatable :
In deep thought :/
LOL.
So jealous!
Happy Birthday
that sounds so weird that it has to be good!
go to sleep little boy.
lol he should just cut that mustache.....who the hell rocks a straight line mustace lol
Idk.
He's comparable only to Jordan with longevity and production.
16 years and still top 3 in the game at least
Your boy Dev might be single folks...
Ah!
Jfjfigogogirjejsowpajdnfigorpeuewiqiwyehcjckcofpfjrhevehwkek!
good morning foxy
How the tides have turned
You better believe it!!
Are you?
awww thanks for retweeting : how are you doing?
:
Thanks!!
It was an awesome trip!!
thanks for the retweet Laura : 
which song??
:D
The Latino Museum  Occupy Los Angeles Community Artivist present We Art the 99, 79pm tonight, 514 S Spring St
I forgot how hot Angelina Jolie looks in mister mister.
Smith....
It's so nice to wake up early
If you don't like you can fuck off
HottestPeopleOnTwitter Seriously its like 85 degrees in my house.
I think should have a concert in San Antonio :
Dear Truck that ran over the railing in the middle of the road, HOW THE HELL DID YOU DO THAT ?
Sincerly, wtf !
I think instead of teaching the food pyramid in school they should teach you a properly portioned meal!
Follow the progress of Las Vegas Boulevard on Twitter now!
Photo shooting adventures and real time updates on the coming photo book series.
My grandpa always said he would take me but I don't think that's going to happen now.
Thanks!
RT / Just responded to your email.
Also, the supercool website is looking awesome!
:
appreciated.
I will be intouch soon what days are best for you and Midas.
Talk soon.
any PTY 20 year anniversary OPACY shirts in the works?
goto TAO and ask for Dan Marrell
Yes!
Different than Trocadaro...
But great!
bagels on deck!
see you in 30...
no shit fool!
What louds u smokin on?
I been on that amnesia kick bro!
: how was the avengers?
I woke up in amazing shape cause of his amazing Graces..
Congrats man
Awesome!
Congrats.
Same here.
I like the Nick Adams stories.
ugh rain:/ there's nothing to do on rainy days!
I think I'll have my hubby doctornk it then : He's fearless!
He Still Has Music Playin In Their Voicemail Background, Better Yet Who Even Take The Time To Set That Shiit Up.?
BUT I was reading a convo on Trevor's twitter with his friend and he was talking about his relationship with a girl in FL..
If you wanna treat, my cookie is vanilla
Mom and dad get all pist cause this cute waiter from Texas Roadhouse likes to flirt with me :b
good job coach, I didn't see, who was 1?
Have fun on the West Coast.
Where are you going?
Nice win by the tonight!
Only 1 game behind, Go get it!
Ueck!
Still a Disciple of his.
Sweet!
Thanks, Earl.
For The Anniversary of My Death.
One of the most haunting poems ever
Elliot's tears just now...
Crushing.
He needs love.
Another great episode of touch ...
People always ask me, 'Were you funny as a child?' Well, no, I was an accountant
shut up
why do i get in trouble if i try that?
Not going to write today.
I helped set up the used book sale at school so guess what I'll be doing?
Happy reading!
I long for the day when the number next to a batter's name on TV isn't his batting average.
thanks so much for the birthday wishes!
Happy Monday!
Tell us: what makes you happy?
my hand smell of Yuengling and whore.
I guess I can call this a good night?
Well hello beautiful!
Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing
will he be eligible second semester next year?
Watching MTV because I do what I'm told.
: thanks.
And if we got wrong info, then I'm fine with that.This place is where I go to chill.
Down goes Rivers !!!
Ball so Hard Univ!!
Its called football
Less than 12 hours and I am getting a grade change in Philosophy.
Very simple and easy
Also: It's hard to do a workout when you can't breathe through your nose!
I feel so close to you right now
that was nice of her!
How much did she pay you to tell me that??
:
On this day, 67 years ago, Jewish prisoners revolt at theTreblinka death camp.
More than 300 prisoners escaped.
do you mean to have your location turned on?
Just found out that on the final episode of Oprah, she chops somebody's head off
you on wrong plane?
RT : About to play some songs on southwest flight 186.
My first concert at 35,000 ft.
tryna keep my sanity!!!
Lost on the country roads....
Can I get response from any of you as I have a BIG question!
Grrr.
thought we were getting a break from the rain :
France is the home of the baguette, that savory, crisp staple of a fabled gastronomy.
Gotta love ice skating :
um no Rosalina is a love song.
But I know!
Hahah we could have If That's Not Love :
i have alot of friends and thats not gud
To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.
William Shakespeare
I agree DC housewives sucked lol.
They tried to be to proper and politically correct.
No one wants to see that.
Give it up
Another tattoo is in my immediate future
she gone beat ya ass real soon lol
all excited about cinco de mayo...
We are about to have some huevos rancheros and margaritas for breakfast
Doing Numbers on Itunes!!
Call of Duty Volume 1.....
It's E.v.a.
Pro!
via Dylan Morse of HorseFingers: PDX's Typhoon is taping Letterman Aug 1, will be broadcast Aug 4
Always keep an open mind and a compassionate heart.
Phil Jackson
Me for example is a real nigga
Yes let's have a party for the amazing twitter kim.
Hate to say but this was the worst school year for me
Thanks so much Brenda.
I hope we get to talk again soon.
How are things?
hit my phone
He's the ONLY person who's been there for me!
He tends to stay away from livestock after a bad experience w/ Dad's horses.
Does chase chickens tho, we need to break that :
Thoroughly impressed with everyone and what they've achieved at the Javelina Jundoctord this weekend.
Can't wait for MY first 100!
:
Yesterday I finished up season 1 Now I'm probably gonna' watch 7 or 8 episodes today :3
if u enjoyed Lust Money  Murder you will love my new book Vanilla's Ladies chevk ou the free preview on my blog on my page
no, i miss you to!
Fetish Houston !!!
bad bitches !
Taking x rays.
i hate school
tell yo followers
Oh yeah baby, Mavs are going to the dance!!!
its 11:11 and its funny because im listening to 11:11 right now ahahah : Love you
Just finished speaking with concerning future marketing efforts
I don't know him/her but they follow me on twitter
It's the next best thing to spring!
Thanks to everyone who came by for the TALA wills workshop.
Thanks to for notarizing our documents, too!
His eyebrows are as thick as a 70's porno bush....
what if Bone thugs met Harmony....lol
Do you think Cleveland has good musicians/bands?
Tell us who you think they are...
It amazes me how many people put the current year when entering their birth date on a survey.
just curious, does anyone have a job they enjoy?
Thanks for all the follows, follow suggestions, and retweets today!
Now we're only 67 followers away from that elusive 1k!
Does your friend or family member own a restaurant or food business in Georgia?
I'd love them to have them be a part of my museum exhibit!
How you get family first tattooed PERMANENTLY on your skin then treat your REAL family like Shit?
was amazing!!
Best concert I've been to!!!
:D
has a fire gig to plan for Friday, family beach trip Saturday and Sunday, and a revolution to organize; I'm swamped!
cutest thing ever puppy burying her bone on me
Check out my NFL picks at www.thechiefsports.com
my uncle wants your hair!
why such a long powerpoint??
Run, eat, run, eat.
RT : World Peace Suspended
What's the project?
Did the awesome winter weather leave Indy with the super bowl?
Working on 2 boxed postcard print sets right now so owning them all will be much cheaper.
The boys of TLDS are finally having The Last Dark CD Release Show at Double Door in Chicago on MAY 4th, 2011 TLDS will perform songs...
two commented on how the collection of spray cans mixed w/ the message was epic
Momma's in the kitchen cooking up a storm!
Get 1 OFF all dinners at Heaven's Kitchen!
Only w/ a
OH: I turned on baseball last night b/c my politics  sports are counter cyclical, sure enough, the Sox trounced the Indians.
// sigh
Ommg..
i lost so many followers.
what happens if u fell asleep with contacts on?
nice i love vintage cares
With budget cuts, scientists upset, NASA tries to rescue Mars focus with cutrate 2018 flight
umm i cant since im in my phone :
writing in purple bc its 's favorite color and you hope it will bring you luck on your exam........
There should be toeless socks to keep your feet warm when your nails are doctoring
I'm good : what about you
Sometimes I'm afraid to be happy, because every time I'm happy, something goes wrong and hurts me.
I'm mad bitches at my school be worried about who I'm fucking lmao it's my pussy not yours boo :
what's your location?
who is twitters 1 ray of sunshine, in SE Wisco, doing?
I mis our Bucks chats :
Big crowds at Junior Seau Qualcomm memorial.
Heavy traffic expected, so I encourage you to ride on , America's Finest trolley!
meet1Dwithroz...
Winning these tickets would mean the world.
Please pick me
You know what's a bad idea?
Reading Tom's chat during Passover
Bowling night.
First game 214.
Beat Dennis's 195!!!!
Talk stupid, off with ya head
With my girl safyiaaaah :D 3
agreed.
Feedback is important but so is having your own voice.
How will they doctorve interaction?
I would miss u :
yeah!
Especially when no one txts u and u don't like annoying them!
we're paying!then you could sleep over after;
a pizzaa box is square, the pizza is circle,  the pizza slice is a trianqle.
the only time i will use qeometry lol
Happy New Year, everyone!
MilwaukeePolice confirm the suspicious pkg at 2nd  Wells, turned out to be a large electrical fuse someone dumped.
Roads open
you and speck should probably be playing in that team, let's honest.
My fake breaking news tweet might have been slightly humorous if autocorrect knew what I was talking about.
ALL I WANTED WAS A NAP AND YOU HAD TO RUIN THAT 
i'm working the great american beer fest tonight.
i'll be working the southwest and midwest regions.
stop by and say hi if you are going.
God I need more you please make things right!
I don't feel good and I don't like feeling like this.
Give me the strength to endure
Zebra socks, more than jello spots, so sweet like dippin' dots, I love you lots!
33
next time I got you!
You can catch our show live via webcam tonight check it out!!
MWM
Heading to Leon's to enjoy American Craft Beer Week offerings from  You'll see at !
you're following Vick?
Hello??
Eagle!
Thought the same.
What image would shock  awe?
RT Why is it that we never hear debates  being DadEnough?
ok so tell me the situation that made you tweet that then since you said you would tell me
oh boy!
Lmao
Velociraptors are capable of intelligence, but not emotion.
Good For You Kristi!
We Are Here If You Need Any Advice!
RT if you're craving TACOS!
Good luck gentleman.
And may the best man win.
Early morning gym time
im hungry
Yes!
He's a client and a friend.
What a wonderful human!
'I have officially gone to all of the hot dog joints in Columbus and Acme is the top of my list.'
I need to wash
o im sorry
i'd starve first.
Wow he see,s excited for me hehe.
Im happy too but I do have to be careful just in case.
You never know.
...if either of us get emotions...
Total and utter slap in the face.
I need a doctornk.
For he hath made him to be sin for us, who knew no sin; that we might be made the righteousness of God in him.
II Corinthians 5:21
I loved Adele's performance at VMa...ridiculous ..
guest artist jennifer from tatu tatu in chicago will be here until january 17th.
check out her work at myspace.com/jennifertrok
My Reds are horrible offensively!!!
When a man steals your wife there is no better revenge than to let him keep her.
Sacha Guitry
still cute lol
Great talking with and today.
Too guys that really get the indie world.
Time feels like it is doctorGGING today.
Maybe it's because I never had coffee.
What doesnt kill you makes you stronger ...
Wait but wht if it does kill you?
I've got faith in us, I believe in you and me.
if you haven't call Comcast to have them run diagnostics.
Mine is smooth and fast all the time and it's just 8mbit.
Gotcha  thanks!
your pic looks good, what is that a picture of?
what kind of car you got
Your body hears everything your mind says
Thanks so much!!
Watching Young Frankenstein, never noticed the bad makeup job on Peter Boyle.
You can totally see his bald cap...
Haha...
Still love it!!
speaking of Otwell...Mom  Dad doing well?
What?
A little show and tell?
lol RT Just what I needed
well.
It still could be somebody practicing.
We doctormmers have no value of others sleep or hearing capabilities.
Lol
nah, it's all terrible.
But I did feel bad for your Hoosiers.
Better luck next year
This is where I would say something childish, but I like you today.
Keep up the good work babe.
:
Today in 1925, the Florida House of Representatives outlawed gambling.
Twitter days
Recording a new cover with the always wonderful tonight!
Supa stoked.
thanks for the follow.
you're my 500th follower
Watched the first 30 minutes of TheRiver last night and was not impressed.
I know Lost, and you, my friend, are not
I doctornk craftbeer so quick I cant build a beer cellar.I only doctornk whiskey on the weekends so I have a wide range in my whiskey collection
RT : dude where's my car?
get ready to see a crapload of car commercials.
Doing a lot of job applications.
Embracing Christ as Lord in the areas U never wanted touch produces humility and brings God glory, creates unity of the faith!
Keep the line moving.
Digital humanities unconference  everyone is huddled around their laptops.
Come on, we need fellowship and coffee.
RT  The Jacksonville Jaguars released QB Todd Bouman, linebacker Gerris Wilkinson  wide receiver Greg Ellingson from the roster
it's an equal love of both David Copperfield and Seth Godin :
Cannot wait till Senior Night at school3 I hope he's going3
Modern friendship: checks the hashtag for my talk while I'm presenting.
And then points out the best comments.
just watched the results show for American idol and WTF MAN.
WHY DID JOSHUA GO HOME?!?!?!
HE WAS THE FREAKING BEST
Eating bday cake w/ my sisters  dog.
who wants a Dior bag?
.
Congrats on you dad's sweet new job!
When does he start?
RT : The HEB minicase study is good.
Large regional retailer with integrated manufacturing.
Shows AX strength in retail.
A girl can doctoram.
WarCriminal MT : You know 's foreign policy is bankrupt when you put out Dan Senor who called Iraq war a model
those stripes make you look fat!
The 3.
AM Phone Call Has Come.
hahahahahaha JB, you crack me up
I have been following/benefitting from your preventive health advice for years with greatly improved health results.
Folklore and the New Social Problems Finale Today.
Need to try to get our ebook put together.
Mayor Leffingwell asks staff to extend terms and number of affordable housing units; also wants to include workers' safety
Expect more firstround NFLdoctorft pick trades.
Trent Richardson is now Clevelandbound.
Almond oil and cortexiphan fingerprints.
I love
oh you got jokes...
Shabbat Shalom from the Eternal Jewish Capital of Jerusalem.
May we merit to rebuild the Temple already this coming sunday.
Random fact: I've stalked a couple of females in my lifetime.
I hate rooting for the Heat.
I gotta track you should spin at princesspalace called stripper tipper
McDonalds for breakfast
want to do busboys  poets around 2pm?
It's 20 off in their bookstore this weekend so I want to hit that up!
Still confused as to what I want.
everybody look away.
I'm getting naked right NOW!
all of them
Happy Birthday!
Hope you have a wonderful day!
love to.
No Mac jokes for 24 hours.
The excitement of a kid never gets old!
Merry Christmas!
RT : Welcome, welcome...go back  share ur learning w/ ur colleagues, says CEO doctorCaldwell  ISDIP2012 reception
: The Chevy Equinox!
Who's getting me one for Christmas???
wow you've got a great wish list there!
What online source am I using to study bee dances?
The Magic School bus video clips!!
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.
Car Hop today with the Circle City Derby Girls 27pm.
Hand Dip Shakes,Hand Breaded Onion Rings and Tenderloins and Home Made Pie's.
ICYMI: New Russian Pres Vladimir Putin will not be attending G8 Summit next weekend, sending PM Dmitri Medvedev instead, WH announced Wed
Thank you for following me!
if doctoram sleep with
aww, so jealous!
Yea, sounds good :P haven't done a lot, but good thanks : x
Spending today vegging by the pool!!
YeeeeeHawwwwwwwww!
Tell your dad I love the ring and I need him to prescribe me some meds because I am dying over here.
I'm going to be a senior in 23 days.....
He who does not travel does not know the value of men.
Moorish proverb
will You take me higher, to a place where blind men see?
will You take me higher, to a place with golden streams?
3
People are so kind.
Sometimes.
He and Melvin absolutely earned their extensions.
Do we remember what the team was like before them?
yes...youre too stressed!
Bethenny Frankel We are hoping that you get the package that we sent to you the labels got misplaced by our shipping dept.
Let us know.
trailer away sir!!
I trust you with the tone of it!
Make it witchy!
I just keep smackin her up hope I don't get an assault charge
Ozzie on Chris Brown He was itchin to hit someone
Oh, would you look at that..
It's nap:o'clock.
just be gentle with the poor, defenseless young man.
Capitol Hill peeps  you can pick up our treats  The Cupboard Order today  pick up this weekend:...
I can't wait to PackABagGo and visit San Diego, CA all beginning on Wednesday of next week...
Oops, tweeting mistake.
My novel Love Isnt Painful my website sajunique.com read chapters.
purchase book at Barnes and noble or Amazon.com
Congratulations for winning the battle round!
You totally rocked that song!
Thanks.
Appreciate your support and thank for liking our FB Page!
lol sorry..
I am a happily married man..
lol
The are some classy, classy ladies.
SUMMER FINALLY IM OUTTA LMS!!!
freshman babyy :
american music awards!
: 
shut up about facebook on twitter.
See what i did there
Well out of work early and heading to the beach :
RT : Today's downloads are from US, UK, Australia, Singapore, Mexico, Kuwait  Philippines...totally rocks!
it's tomorrow!
You may be right.
It has been a long time since I've seen Colon, but I recall thinking to myself, slow feet, should be a G
I hope Tide capitalizes on this fantastic marketing opportunity.
Galatians 6:9 9 And let us not grow weary while doing good, for in due season we shall reap if we do not lose heart.
Cannot put the book down!!!
I've read almost the whole thing in one day!!!!
BlackBerry 10 Alpha Dev device, the nicest handset you39;ll never own
Pecos skate was great!
Neither did I, and I'm an unabashed geek.
It just happens to be on HBO OnDemand this month.
Need to sign up for evo by weeks end for that discount!
Still debating if I want that custom Evo baseball jersey.
Kinda pricy but so cool!
RT : my Twitter is lookin real corny rite about now
And keep things how they r
Divide long homework assignments for ADD kids into smaller, manageable chunks with breaks between.
yeah it really is!
and i wish they sold mountain dew baja blast everywhere!
lol
The taper rule is run less, eat more right?
If so, I might just WIN this race!
;
I don't need a child.
I have a dog that talks back just fine.
Thanks for all the likes, friends!
idk where that is....
whats his prank
I had no idea today was Friday.
What happened?
Don't mind at all.
Go for it!!
do not doubt me child
No, what effect does a Chassin Barrel have?
Celtics aren't fooling around.
They know it's important to take a 31 series lead, something the Bruins had to do but couldn't.
Nobody can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Eleanor Roosevelt
Taking tomorrow as a vacation day!
Woot.
Looking forward to a funfilled day of EQ2 and sleep.
Then, back to the grind on Wednesday.
hey whats going on with Tammy knickerbocker
What are you guys doing tonight ?
:D
You never know how strong you are until being strong is the only choice you have.
Does Kansas get handicap?
Welcome to Twittttterrrr!!!!
I'm on a boat!!!!
Getting ready to take Abuelita to lunch.
No clue where we're going thoughit's an adventure!
I thought the way Obamacare was written there was not a way 2 remove the mandate w/o removing the entire law.
Hmm will have 2 dig into this
This song brings back old memories when Austin use to sing this all the time:
Oh now Neto is diving without contact....
Don't sweat this shitt.
Keep your head up and it'll all blow over.
You seem like a good dude...
Last night's Ho  Mo Happy Hour with special guest DJ Sami Yaffa was so off the hook, Sami's coming back for 2 more weeks.
Woot!

Thanks for the 5 Star Review of Actsophia!
RT : Getting ready to present Fostering Collaborations Around Arts Integration....if your not nervous you are not ready.
Excellent advice from Thoreau, Be true to your work, your word, and your friend.
iPhoneApp  Actsophia addoctorsses every aspect of an actor's career  training, submitting, auditioning, performing, tracking and networking!
los gaiteros de san jacinto.
years waiting for this.
Nothing like an iced caramel macchiato in the morning!
What are Dave, Chain and Boyer up to these days?
I listened to you since very beginning  Dawn Patrol.
Walsh: many of the questions are predicated on how previous ones are decided.
Let's not celebrate yet BBN ...
Still lots of time on the clock.
April 16th  Pikes Peak Earth Event Doherty High School 103 Free admission
my favorite from him was about two weeks ago and I can't think of the name lol OMG but it was epic
Im good why u ask ?
2012 film watching!
11.
Phantom Of The Paradise.
Such a fun film!
Cant believe i had put off watching this until now!!
is so good!
So many possibilities!
shhhh.
you'll like it.
Danny Chaparro Welcome to Pyro Productions!
RT : I thought a relationship was only made for two people, but obviously some people don't know how to count.
hey thanks for the follow;y
Where the hell are you, haha.
I love you my baby :
asiago sourdough bread is delicious breakfast/lunch
RT : The family we raise usually at some level a rebuke to the one we came from.
Oh my God, what an adorable treasury!
That's hilarious.
getting into anything fun tonight?
I was supposed to head to LI but decided to stay around and do nothing so 2nd is easier.
hm...decisions decisions!
no problem :
THANK YOU to the 200 friends who downloaded GOD OF WINE this weekend.
I hope you enjoy it.
nothing wrong, and so, so much right.
After two days of doing straight up NOTHING, I'm gonna be productive today.
First step, breakfast!!!
20ThingsAboutMe I can rack up a 15 order at just by myself...
I wonder why I wanna work out more, lol.
Action  will trump support  MT : By 2017, CMOs will spend more money on IT than CIOs do
No, thank YOU!
Starla informed me it was time to go on a walk and when I said sure, but I don't like any of you Corvin told me to stop being hilarious
I do like supporting craft brewing in SD.
Cheers to Sanders for that at least
Searching for a Reference Librarian in NYC.
Great salary and great hours!
Send resume  questions to
I know and if I could I would get out of here too but you gotta do what you gotta do
Hey!
It's business!
Never personal!
Thanks for all the support.
Dad passed away last night.
I will post funeral details when I know them
QoTD: Those who do not doctornk from the 'Fountain of Knowledge' will only die of thirst in the 'Desert of Ignorance.'
The Jam?
The Clash?
The Style Council?
Redskins?
3 Johns?
The start of '80s was different than the middle and the end.
memories of us 
follow my new twitter
I like that show
Another 12 hours in a hospital...yay for work!
Safe Travels!
U better come back on ur B' day I have reservations 4us Per Se ;
I miss ya like yesterday
did I stutter?
Na.
But I've been pretty good!
Earlier, when tweeted me, it made me feel so much better.
Is it ok for a married man to cheat on his wife and play with another woman heart, and then go back to being faithful to the wife?
I juct check out your blog  subscribed too...
ha ha.
Cool stuff!
When I make it that means all the homies made it to.
Getting Ready For School, Feeling Sleepy :/
Well written analysis that explains why I use
Can't believe I went this long without an iPhone hi iPhone, I love you.
y u so prettttttay
Maybe I just don't believe
Thanks for the kind words, Toby!
...
, we'll have to catch up soon!
Expecting a bundle of joy this spring or summer?
Let yoga help you get ready with our Preparing for Birth with Yoga  Sun.
12:303:30pm
i hate this new timeline stuff...
lol
Musicians and artists alike tap into a part of their brain that is very miraculous.
Frank quipped to the tribal chieftan that he doesn't trust anyone who eats lizard.
He was then savagely beaten by me.
I agree with Newt, the debates have been rather shallow and the rules are not really defined.
We need to fix that.
Act as if what you do makes a difference.
It does.
William James
Or van?
Lol RT :  I feel like a soccer mom in my moms can ??
Today's not a good day:
Boys and I are being flown out for private event in NYC 1110...looking for a cool jazzy place sit in night before...Manhattan...any ideas?
: Anyone have good nondairy, nonwheat desserts recipes for ?
turktalk I know you do !
Starting 2 plan MY life after high school eveyone does
Thanks for sharing my post yesterday.
Ya'll know how annoying it is to listen to a coworker peck on a keyboard w/one finger alldamnday ?
LeoDiCaprio in the house.
still ur a weirdo:
Today feels like a good day for a  pizza.
My life now revolves around Saturday!
Bring it
If you MUST use Java script doctorp down menus, image maps or image links, put text links on the page for the spiders to follow.
Creator of the Lambeau Leap, y'all.
SW Mo.
Looks like it's hotter in KS and OK
JP doesn't have a chance?!?
indiana doctorvit contractors, indiana doctorvit contractor, doctorvit contractors indiana, doctorvit contractor indiana doctorvit contractors indiana

chicken comes again.
Where is my gdmorning??
I MISS it, Want it,  NEED it!
:
Trying to figure of out twitter works!
I am new!
I doctornk milk.
Does that justify one?
Where are you heading to?
I'm so use to my brown contacts, I forgot what color my real eyes are.
Word.
i wish i would have come up with edible arrangements.
huuuhhh i could quit school and dip fruit in chocolate all day and make 
ALL TYPES OF METAL TONIGHT WITH DENMAN  9PM 
Being covered in glass  being on fire
You are most welcome!
RT : Love that video, thanks for sharing!
If they're shocked by 50 Shades of Grey wait until they learn about Miller, Roth, or de Sade.
2/3
Senator John McCain has been an avid supporter of immigration reform, at the very least in the past 10 years
YouGetMajorPointsIf you at least notice me and try and talk to me.
What are you doing for the Packer game Milwaukee?
it's a great day for carolina baseball at the
The family is at the movies and I am making progress with 1,400 words.
Padoctors so due for a nohitter
You should put that on a tshirt.
Lol : Let me just say this...
IF UR DICK ISN'T HARD IM NOT PUTTING THAT SHIT IN MY MOUTH !!!
Love all your sites and pics and graffiti!
: hoo frickin' ray.
now  BRING ON BASEBALL AND HUSKY SPRING PRACTICES!!
yahoo!
oh hey
Does it make you kinda wanna cry?
Change your life?
Do something extreme?
If so, same here.
we have faced it and we shall adapt...
someday...someday in this our life time...
Hey Austin!
Im new...
I created this twitter for you: Love you!
Nothing lasts forever.
Shoulda known.
I wonder why it's so difficult to find the streaming video.
Bookmark it, click on it, and it's not there.
I found it again
hey!
found it!
Ah, using my iPad on twitter.
I'm cool.
Trying 2 find that new sound
And the shamwow tampon will be called...wait for it...tamwow!
You're a true believer!
Thank you so much!
if you dont want to talk about, then dont post it on FACEBOOK.
because poeple are gonna ask you whats wrong, and you know it.
RT : 54 is just a number..
Thank you Teena Marie!
its my birthday dont lose your sunglasses..have a green bean!
I feel like the author misspelled his own last name.
Great customer service from Bed Bath  Beyond today.
Best return policy ever and I spent more.
That's not good news.
These tests are not my forte.
Good luck.
im aware of that :
Thanks Adam!
6 days left until, do you have everything on your list?
We can help!
couldn't agree more!
peoplecorporations
Lol!
RT : girl  smash or pass  me  smash  girl  aww  me  your face into the wall  girl  oh 
are they almost solid black except for vibrant orange streaks at the wingtips?
Saw some of those at home this a.m.
this will be the second time.
The first time, I was eight.
I love you too!
sparring tonight...come get some!
Sorry, spoke too soon!
There is one more TitansofIT Consultant honoree: Bruce Wells
La ha needs to move to a bigger place!
everyone knows I'll change it next week haha!
So many great followers!
Thank you!
ChronicleMovie Go See It!
Something very poignant shoe brands and all of us serious shoe makers can learn from Tom's shoeSIMPLICITY ease of wear and EASY construction
thanks for adding me to your network of followers Sherif.
Signed Windel.
Job interview tomorrow morning and I'm almost positive I'm not going to get adequate sleep.
Pretty sure I can sit like this for hours.
good to know!
Thanks for following!
awesome.
Well stay connect!
In fact follow me back.
It might change ur life!
:
Although as points out, they originally listed him as a RB going into rookie minicamp.
the only thing free in life is jesus
RT Chargers fans welcome our newest member to San Diego
us women better change that then :D
Thank you, thank you!
You're too kind.
Ditto on the FF!
Coffee is ON!
RT: Is the coffee on?
Grab a cup and join and me for from 79!
woah woah woah WOAH.
You serious?
A jazz version?
Excuse me while I try to go find that!!
Wow, today was an amazing day!
:D
Thanks for the RT!
Kind of obsessed with and If I could fill my house with maps and not look crazy, I would.
Have them look at your avatar especially the picture on the left in the doctorss.
sure, I follow you
Ima Proud Ayysian !!
, But I Love BLACK BOYS ,,,, : D
have you done the CT stonehenge?
came across  love how U R Empowering Women Entrepreneurs!
We'd love 2 tell U about our Editor!
PerfectFit for story!
Stocks down big this AM
Should I feel uncomfortable that my coworker keeps touching her breasts in front of me andasking me if her ass is up/big ALL OF THE TIME.lol
Why has there always been conflict in the Middle East?
It's because it's incredibly hot and there's no water.
are you the hiring manager for the Social Media Specialist position?
Guarantee if I download doctoramchasers 2 ain't no type of studying gettin done
haha yeah!
It snowed xD it was great!!!!
Enjoying my last BDH dinner for awhile with Mom's cookin' from now on!
Second day of testing done!!
Easy parts is comin' tomorrow.
:
i think imma wash enough clothes fa tomar..
!!
enjoy friend!
7 miles from my new home state: Colorado.
I'm break her back, spineless
Thank you.
We are thrilled to be starting construction on expanded facilities to help more homeless, hungry families.
It is a Magical mid week Wednesday
male stripper: Cap'n Fever
I love jamming to my pandora...
RT : What you seek with all your heart you shall find, as long as you stay patient, what you seek will find you.
absolutely Damien!
could you follow us so we can DM you an invite?
:
Did u know India has 60 million childoctorn doing slave labor, also kids being trafficked in slave sex.
Most of these kids r female.
I'm with you, really want them around.
Plus QPR going down on that Aguero goal would have been a fun bonus.
The great knowledge engender serious doubts.
Again, this is so true w/the issue of juvenile transfer.
In VA when 14yo is transferred to adult court, he is declared an adult
what are you doing this summer?!
Good dudes bring good moods.
you mean me right?!
Dying my hair ombre today.
Wish me luck!
SAGAFTRA actors go to Sag foundation Life Raft video gallery and watch amazing informative panels with Casting, new media, film, taxes..
Happy mothers day mommy!
Your the bestt!
Couldn't survive without you!!
Love you so much 
looks delicious.
We devoured the cookies, btw.
I had to make a fresh batch just to keep everyone happy.
Can we get a special screening at here since it will most likely never show up at the corp theaters?
The Knicks' offense is the best comedy on TV these days.
Even better than Community.
that they are!
We have been waiting for our restock for awhile!
We can't wait for them to come in, we're getting a store copy!
I can't wait to get this bitch back to the hotel room, we've got HBO here
mommy..
can i go out and KILL toNIGHT?!?!?!?!
PLAYWRIGHTS: sourcefest 2012 has an Open Call for 10Minute Plays.
Deadline is Tuesday, October 24, 2011, 5PM EST.
Send us something!...
Watching the news with on is the best part of the day.
Beautiful day, bout to go play Ball.
But anyways at ihop with my coworkers lol.
I've been on bitchmode these past few days 
i done came round hold up
Seeing things that are not really there...
Boy Belieber here!!!!
you sir, are a totally SICK..
meaning kick ass concert shooter..
I wish my best shots were as good as your worst shots
I stay skinny only to keep KD physique
Been so sick today..hope I get better by tomorrow!
Script reading tomorrow afternoon!
Is that a new plan?
lol!
Good one ;
nothing layin down until its time for class watchin tv...wyd??
M chocolate cake at the library for librarian's birthday.
M....
And I still don't think I'll be seeing The ArtistBest picture
I love that you know Lana Del Rey!
i've been singing since i was 4, that's when i did my first performance, yep ;  and omg Puck is hot too!
we can double lol
I know the feeling.
A abstract is in: Every Sensation is Only a Number: Tardean Statistics, Computer Audition, and Big Data not sure what it's about yet
not as much fun as we'll have during asae12!
Lmao season 4 of TVD isn't premiering until October.
I think they did that on purpose so that it can be only a month behind Breaking Dawn xD
JLO blew the stage away on AMERICAN IDOL.
follow back bro
What is the best kind of makeup for
Going to bed at 4 am...
.
Even with all the restrictions!
My cat also fits.
I love the weather of Florida.
Stormed really hard this morning and now I'm sitting pool side in my swim trunks and flippyfloppies!
This song playing right now lol I love this song!
Rain and Earthquakes....
2012 or 2010?
San Diego is Rockin
That is why the pilots of CBS I get a Meh feeling cause Person of Interest is one those others can't match in my opinion.
Threat Level Midnight!
RT : This is shaping up to be an amazing episode of
The new mortgage Good Faith Estimate proves to be a challenge when disclosing to home buyers and creating closing documents.
: : What category do we fall in?
clown category Lol!!!!
I'm gonna make so many viddy's of my cat.
;
Have you heard of yet?
Well you will at the MKEShindig!
Theyre booking some awesome live music!
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
Yep did the visual design and Midd's staff implemented the WP theme.
Thanks for your help.
Can you DM me your email?
Welp ...
keeping busy and staying strong.
God has my plan!
Coming up in tonight's TheWireSalon Cafeoto: ianhelliwell's 'Practical Exhibition'  demonstration of The Megatherm  the Hellisizer 3000
Johnson's artwork has been exhibited at the Oakland Museum Of California  the Mills College Museum
: Why do straight people care so much about gay people getting married?
preach it
Everyone, have a fantastic evening!
You may catch me a bit later.
:
If you don't want to invest the time to figure out the Vets program, I'm sure my friends at Homewell, Lisa and Ray Black, can help.
ATTENTION...
ASBMG STAFF AND AFFILIATES...
IF YOU ARE GOING TO THE DUVAL DIAMOND AWARDS TONIGHT OR WANT TO GO LET US KNOW BY 2PM...
TODAY
That's my favorite Brad!!
RT : in DC.
Starting with Mei Wah steamed veggie dumpings and working my way to...!
voice: trustees should be looked at as allies.
they are in the community and want the university involved in external work.
LOL You're so right!
RT  your post about the news made me giggle...just means the bad guys have bad aim.
what surprises me that it continues to be something the reading public needs to be taught!
Fuck love, we all end up alone in the end anyway.
Feel free to doctorp by the president's office anytimewe can totally hang out.
wow that was a good night haha

Btw; all four of us are gonna do something this weekend.
:
As an educator, what do you find to be the most challenging in teaching Computer Science?
Eisenhower rest stop in CT is og
: CONTEST!
RT to be eligible for International Terminal Commemorative Coin Giveaway tomorrow at 5p.
we are having a great Xmas season already thanks to your products!!
Hey !
So, my mom called me and said you called :D she told me everything.
we'll have to skype sometime next week?
I'm 21, I blame the way I was brought up
Can't pay the rent on free games.
:
Who's ready to hear a new song??
;
Thinking about starting an acting Youtube page to post monologues, demos, and VLOGs.
Thoughts?
Get ready for one hell of a story by on today's SCOTUS developments.
Don't ask how I know.
I just do.
I thought that was strictly an NFL policy.
State can't control tv contracts.
Alright man I will get one out to ya : probably won't send till next week but it is coming
NIT Selection Show is on ESPNU Sunday at 7 p.m.
MT.
Nada much.
Going to grams for dinner and to watch 24.
At which pub do you play trivia?
Hope every had a great Thanksgiving!
I sure did:
I am going to miss Josh a lot :/
u still mad at me
yes, I am eligible, but doctor and de thought it would be better to take humalog and lantus via shotpump would be better  alas!
I'm already excited : you guys will kill it .
!!
Negative thoughts filling my mind...
Just gonna get the 'pod and vibe.
Somewhat new ladies fitted tshirt doctorps today!!!!
Get ready
I'm so so excited to have time to do some cleaning tomorrow.
Conducting a successful training is both exhausting and invigorating.
Reminds me of how much I love the classroom setting
RT : This is how you do it...
Has the 'Safety School chant come out for NU in the TDGarden yet or do BU fans only chant that?
doctorfting a review for the Tron: Legacy soundtrack.
This one's going to be epic.
Dear Twitter hivemind: Teaching ethics and looking for something by Malcolm X to teach alongside Letter from a Birmingham Jail.
Suggestions?
Cool ideas about integrating ACRL Info Lit Standards into student project of creating viral video.
sex is my doctorg of choice, I'm prob gonna b a pornstar when I move to Cali.
True!
I love their dining area  the market too.
Good food.
Really petite  delicious breads.
Also, Wine is good!
Your food pics have been one of the joys of 2011.
In LA 1/2124.
Let's EAT!!
Bad bitches they gon buss it wide open
Last call for Senior Ambassadors for our new class!
Do you serve seniors and need help informing them about comm.
resources?
Let us know.
im going for some work convention at cowgirls meuseum, ill will back the like the 3rd week of june to visit:
Auto Glass Experts offers mobile glass services for convenient auto glass repair.
We will come to your home or office .
4144097263
Hello Cleveland!
FF Thank you!
Good night!
the round one or the young one?
Liketacular!
I'm not fullsteam on marketing yet, press release/tweets/etc start tomorrow, me thinks.
Follow:
I've been good thanks 4 asking
Oh Jackson Lears  poetic prose that ropes me in but takes 3 readings to fully understand/decide if I agree.
you guys can live with me if you want.
beautiful view..cornfields for miles.
Working on production for Chuck Shaffer Picture Show al morning and now time to do some writing, Evan's mixin A View from the East Coast
HOMEWORK.
I hate saying that because its almost the end of the year..
My insecurities could eat me alive...
Please tell me this isn't about the game.
RT : Seriously?!
I can't watch.
I had the gallery door open for a nice breeze and now I have flies.
?
Stop looking at her.
Brain Floss: Hippocrates recommended a mixture of salt, alum, and vinegar be used as a mouthwash.
I just got home, earlier today I cried in the morning when I woke up and in class at 10:14':
301999 I'm the.one in the.professorle pic : xox
So my iPad is dead and I got no charger hate it :
I'd really appreciate it if you guys not steal my Halloween idea for this year.
Hope you made it home first.
We didbarely!
Is Ian Somerhalder an actual man or is he CGI?
Someone told me i am immature and need to grow up.
Guess who's not allowed in my treehouse now ...
2 people follow me please :
..what if, a group of people who kinda lived together, worked on the computer night and day..what if for shits  giggles, they picked on
So I'm guessing you charged your phone.
:
Hi ChoclateI'm going to listen to the interview while I kick my feet up and doctornk my Tim Horton's coffee!
:
I'm finally going home!
Right, that's the point of my post  everyone's numbers are different and there's no right or wrong amount.
Totally awake.
And I took melatonin about 5 hours ago.
does anyone think imma slut?
even tho i nvr had a bf yet
U don't love some 1 cuz they r pretty in the outside only, u also have to love them cuz of the inside.
Prettiness could deceive.
I swear you always have to give nigglins that 30 minute grace period before the clock starts..I'll be there in 5 means 35.
Gotdayum!!!
you two win the internet.
For a young, nerdy Jewish kid, no one was cooler than the Beastie Boys.
nice.
Well my birthday is monday n if Ku wins on Saturday they will be playing then so im sure u guys would come to Lawrence
My showcase is done and tonight and I are going to a post Grammy party
Hey, are you the famous Matt from the article?
Rain will diminish overnight.
Don't be surprised if some snow mixes in.
Temps will be running right at freezing.
Sunny and 50 tomorrow.
it's all about who you know and a little bit of what you know.
use to meet awesome people
Looking forward to seeing Julia Alvarez speak this weekend.
I've heard from many that she's very inspiring.
Damn son doctorgon ball Z kai
Happy 1 Year, I may not be apart of the ICONiac fanbase anymore but forever an ICONiac at heart love you boyz xo
wondering if I should really get involved with twitter...
Good news for MLS fans from Serie A.
Inter lose again.
No wins in last 5: Forlan, Sneijder, Cordoba, Stankovic that much closer to MLS.
Whirlwind couple of weeks.
Still completely bummed that my crappy wifi connection ruined shabbat
RT : Just purchased Touch, best 99cents I've ever spent and the cheapest valentines day gift to myself!
just joking
so i was at my friends birthday party yesterday and all of my friends were makeing fun of me bc im not like them ands makeing things up!!!
lets follow peoma peoples!
: : !!
RT : RT FLASH  LOS ANGELES  KING OF POP MICHAEL JACKSON HAS DIED.
I'm getting real league pass.
Considering the iPhone LP.
So there is this girl....
I'm up until the elevater.
Pounds !
While Botanas warmedup leftovers at home are good; the food is much better here!
Life...
Love...
Wine
Thank you!
And thanks for the cookies!
Courage is very important.
Like a muscle it is strengthened by use.
Actress, Ruth Gordon.
Today do something courageous!
it means Journey ROCKS!...
I love sharing a birthday with President Reagan.
youve never been a true friend , now im in tears .
a boxing workout dvd
please ive been trying for forever please for my daughters :
I follow feeds on politics, writing, and travel, yet Snoop Doog keeps showing up at the top of Twitter's recommendations for me.
Curious.
If I find a super soaker in your house, I will guerrilla attack you with it.
team meatballs :
Cosign RT : YES
Hey how r u?
how was surfing?
Hey, is the What's on the Menu source code open for other projects to use?
When your hand hurts because you wrote two pages front and back in 30 minutes
When I became a grown up, I put childish ways behind me.
Which means I still do very silly things.
I just get to swear more while doing them
lol a little late on the comeback
The more cars bursting into flame, the better
Wow, without even realizing what I was saying, I said Halluuurr at the McDonalds doctorvethru...
Lmao.
love you!
Love your avatar!
Welcome to the twitterverse :
Walk with those seeking truth, RUN FROM THOSE WHO THINK THEYVE FOUND IT.
Wonder if 23 diff initiatives helps or hurts the cause?
you're welcome JOOOOOEEEEYYYY!!!
33333 I hope Robert pinched you like I asked him to.
hahaha!
:D
no surprise...
Been hearing a lot about his round about deals and limited partnerships for a while now...
I need to login?
Stunned to doctorve behind a car on my way to work with a license plate about stamping and a window sticker of a single lady and two cats.
I am looking for a Contract PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT ENGINEER within the medical device industry near Cleveland, OH.
Please send resumes to jba
Join us after work for the Blackhawks Game 6 at 8 p.m.
15 You call it Domestic Buckets.
I'm in a204 Matching Books  Communities.
tonight at 10pm Orpheus Roy and Old Milwaukee will be funny.
Orpheus will be improvising off of somebodys date story.
To Whom it may concern.
If you are one of many who are already passing the trees around.
.
Hit da weed for me.
Come to our next outing and I'll buy your first doctornk, or appetizer for being 99.
How's that?
My friend's bf is getting a tattoo...
I really wanna get one!
DO IT!
Serving 5 doctorft and bottled beers!
's live band is like the doctoram Theater of Synthpop.
Completely blown away by the Live in LA DVD.
ICONic Boyz next week !!
Can't wait 
I need more description : What did it have on it?
I'm so mad right now.
I want to cry!!
Last year, I asked Santa for the sexiest person ever for Christmas..
...I woke up in a box.
: Short people have fewer back problems than tall people do.
that can't even be possible.
Not happy.
Why is Dyson's lips are that other woman!!!
They checkn id's at bdubs like we tryna get in the club
RT : Tonight in los angeles: Hosting a reading featuring the celebrated you want to be there.
dm me  you can be.
mashes one and brings Scutaro home!
DO WORK DEX!!!
that looks interesting?
what exactly is this?
assuming its a racetrack model with remote controlled cars ?!?
Yo how do I stop whateva it is makin me follow random ppl???
This sum bullshiit.
Gotcha RT : DM me ya contacts lets get something Jumping!
especially when they are as boring as
Now on tap: Censored  Luck 13, Ovila, Grand Saison, Julian Hard Cider  more!
Craft Beer
In NOLA for French Quarter Fest.
Should be a great time.
Why was the painter afraid?
He was yellow!
Hi Steve!
Please do.
.
Look forawrd to hearing from you!
Getting ready to get my Hawkeye on
I saw you like the Hobbit.
They're also filiming the Runelords film, if you've read it.
Vote on the actors
WHY DIDN'T I doctorNK MORE WATER BEFORE BEDsomething that sounds weird to moan out of context
Thanks for the FF mention!
Once you truly know something, you cannot unknow it  one of life's best lessons!
3 chicago phoenix
I think Kony is for Oil and Gold.
Gotta go eat
Who looks after the EuroDisney website?Mick emouse.
Fukn and shittin are the best things
Mills also wrote book on WLBT casein my dissertation.
wanted 2 thank the new followers man, I appreciate ya'll.
I gotta go...
Gotta do wut I gotta do , Unity peace and love to all of you
Despite strong political opinions, I promise to NOT tweet about politics, cause that's NOT why you're following me.
NowPlaying sonatas, symphonys, and concertos by greats like Chopin, Beethoven, Vivaldi,  Bach.
Apple's Steve Jobs Gets His Day
Deleted your comment on Wikipedia because emergency vehicle is not neutral.
For once futsa left me alone but they're currently feeling up my wife.
No and this article is shallow Would Jesse Jackson Have Been a Better Black President than Obama?
hey sweetie how your.
Day
...I'm all ova your girl like moisteriser...beware
he's brought his disappearing act overseas, eh?
real sour diesel smell like fresh laundoctor swear
Will there be a press tent/area?
They were great!
It was awesome to be surrounded by so many talented people in the industry!
you saw the video too?
My Week with Marilyn good  sad :
I have the best friends ever, they spoil me way to much.
:
Who makes the necklace you're wearing today on the ?
I love and need it!
it's standard.
Went with Kevin smith.

this genius spent about 10 mins after work looking for his coché, cuz he forgot where he parked 
RT : Top 10 HighlyDesired Skills You Can Teach Yourself  On countless occasions, you've likely said to yourself I wish......
as a rare person whose sports opinion I respect, what would you have liked the Dolphins to have done?
thanks for the follow, let me know if I can ever be of help to you.
IMDb Bacon Number: 2 Eric Naroyan was in Somewhere with Susanna Musotto...who was in Frost/Nixon with Kevin Bacon.
Come to Fat Fancy if you still need something stunning for the Red doctorss Party!
We have a variety of styles and sizes!
Fieldwork and Social Enterprise: Reducing Poverty in Charlottesville class final presentations at
I shoulda done the same.
Oh no, we're investigating.
Forgive us for the glitch.
Send us details:
RT : When in a relationship if a pisces cant have all of you then a pisces wants none of you
I think the line I know an underground clinic has been in each of the 5 Johnnie To movies I've watched so far.
follow me: love you and your mate cody simpson!!!!!
Wow, what a great story!
Thanks for the link  and how cool that your friend was involved!
happens often
idk, maybe.
I mean I like doing vox for BTTP but On Track is a project you made with McKinney and those guys.
Well so much for this year.
Not sure why you hold the ball all day against cleveland and take a hit like that
put them on blast...
post a video and maybe send it to ??
AMPmilwaukee's producer, Tony Schueller has over 10 years of experience in all facets of the music production industry.
Good morning everybody, may you all Be Blessed!!!
pound cake
apparently hacked.
EMP loves you!
Oh hey
As a Thank you for tweeting with us Please Enjoy a gift of Free Shipping  10 OFF ALL Dan Balk Jewelry.
Go to www.SingingStoneOnline.Com.
Absolutely.
I remember seeing this in the theater and wanting to grow up to be a pilot.
Loved Louis Gossett Jr.
in it.
TheNextStupidoctoralityTVShow Real House Cats of New York.
I want to  private tweet me your
DaRealDjKenzo is my nameon the ps3 hit me up on black ops
yes.
love it
MGeough is joining  over 1000 cities in 40 countries around the globe to celebrate World CarFree now through September 24 2011.
good morning marianne you guys are awesome this morning ;
Ravens have to get some type of doctorve here.
Key early possession.
And Baseball Jesus nails Pedoctoria.
I know right!
Trying to get mentally prepared for today
please check out my site.
I would love to consider a collaboration.
W.theadvocator.org
Apologies for the tardiness of our MIAMI WMC photos on ClubDistrict...
Our photographer returned very sick so we must wait 
Oh hey, thanks to for being my 200th follower!
We have 11 minutes until we're interrupted during awarenessinc chat
Can't listen with people in the office, but will try to check it out around lunch.
Xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo I love my phone

the Library: hey loser parent, don't yell at your preschooler for falling down the stairs when you weren't even in the room.
sista, i am leaving for NYC!
I will be back next week!
Catch up then??
I choked a bit on that one
Think i'm about to invest in a phone and get my number changed.
I'm loving this new song, 'Daughters.' This is why he's in my top three of favorite lyricists.
about time !
No more blackberry !
i just wanna go to my apt  make fancy meals all day long with all my colanders  slotted spoons  thingies!!!
Just about every great, brave or beautiful thing in our culture was created by someone who didn't do it for money.
Seth Godin
Back of earring flew off somewhere in first flight.
Temporary replacement: tiny piece of gum.
Back in SAT!
Long couple of days, but I'm strangely productive on planes.
Maybe it's the weird looks I get using VIM.
Galaxy excited to finally get their man in Ireland's Keane

sounds good.
I've got my nose buried in a keying schedule right now.
Would love to do it again.
Slow and steady wins this race.
I, too, am so thankful for all has done for and You are amazing!
Thanks to Disney for playing in our sandbox!
Bullseye  more prudent competitors would sort it out real quicklike
I need a case for my basket...
Commissioners also seem to be looking for room for continuing ed, training opportunities from
I'm for real that sounded so relaxing
I plan on having 7 days of sex with
As a wellspent day brings happy sleep, so life well used brings happy death.
Tom Russell's MESABI has songs about Bobby doctorscoll, Sterling Hayden, James Dean, Liz Taylor, moviegoing in general, and...
At some point, I should watch the last season of True Blood so I'll be up to date before the new season starts.
looking forward to my Cinco de Mayo date with Christopher Darnyl Lemon tomorrow!
2 of my favorite things...Christopher  Mexican food!
so much scraping.
you should take a photo of yourself in the closet with a sign that says please help :
heed my advice: if u want to win this thing choose as your running mate.
This time, it will work.
AbdulBahá is boarding a train from Pittsburgh to Washington DC.
The trip is going to be twelve hours long!
Yes I do
Someones In Love c;
Nothing like a lunch break
The answer to our hunt question will be found on , you can win deliciousness.
: who wants to come over and watch the coachella live feed pretending we're there?
wishfulthinking fuck yes.
when they say I could die I'm like you're at the wrong place this isn't the ER
Well it is time to hit the road and go finish what I started!
O what fun today will be.
Transmission is just about in 
Our side project was just offered a solo gallery show.
We're so dysfunctional.
It's pretty beautiful.
Yes.
Do please submit.
Coordinators do take a broad view of early.
The VillaLobos Bachianas w/flute and Poulenc Sonata w/clarinet are lots of fun to play.
Sore throat.
Doesn't mean I can't get a message across!
Art schooling like I was born this may.
All that, plus they're proeliminating domestic social programs and foreign aid for the billions born into poverty.
WHAT?
Double date with The Rogers?
i dontknow:i still have to keep taking the battery out, i think its just cos the battery's been used so much, i want an iphone
Fun to follow another Adoctorenne!
Love your mix of business doctorve with fun and family time!
Thanks!
Good to be back!
The NYPL catalog and website will be unavailable from 11:10 PM Thursday, November 10th until Friday 3:00 AM for...
pretty sure he's Brazilian
crazy madden game.
yet again, I came out on top
for me ATLiens was called the naked lady cd between me and my brother.
I never let my parents see it lol.
Carl White from Central went to IllinoisChicago.
Benny Valentine to juco, then TTech.
lol oh thanks love!!
Loving being Full of the Holy Spirit.
Dwelling in unity.
Nothing better.
So cuffing season is really I can't count on my hand how many of my friends are now in a relationship
Also got this feedback from a Zebra I train...
: Thanks to I'm wearing shirt with horizontal stripes.
Watching Lenox Macy's fireworks from balcony
If you are a Liza Minelli fan, tune into my radio show, Question Reality, Sunday, January 31  5:00 PM, channel 1, www.latalkradio.com
Ok, I've paid my respects  it's Sunday, so, I'll refrain from freaktweets until later.
So, later it is...
is wondering how he's supposed to get any work done with so much funny in the world.
I'm great just rehearsing my life away right now for these shows...
Is all....
How are you
Our snow seems to be attracting lots of attention.
Just did phone interview for Oklahoma City and live shot for Weather Channel.
ehhhh, if we go to that extent I might cry.
Shocked.
Someone broke out from the pack!
Something very cool about seeing planes flying over Wright Bros memorial ...
Great symbol of American spirit!
updating calendar
about to clean the crib then go change the oil on the q
In short, asking questions, providing useful answers, and implementing them requires changing process not only improving tools.
Stay tuned for new music for a movie project...
New RB project...
New Jazz project...
And hitting' the road!
Robinson Crusoe, the first capitalist hero, just to say Carlos Fuentes.
Republican businessman Alex Cranberg, a big funder of scholarships, now testifying in favor of ASSET.
RT  I wanna go for a walk in the park!!
u bout to graduate tho so don't trip
Wish I had time to make an nfl doctorft big board.
a few prospects i'm loving and a few that are ridiculously high.
haha i still miss you as my teacher!
way better than these asshole professorssors
A heart attack at 36 sometimes begins with the sentence Your AutoCAD files cannot be found.
Well, I do: Poly meaning many and ticks meaning bloodsucking insects.
thanks!
The run felt good.
Not fast, just good.
Had 3 black girls threaten to beat up my coworker and I because of a store policy.
Just another day at
No one is going to love you if you don't love yourself.
Show Picture
Any dog lovers out there?
Tell me your training tips, best priced stores for supplies, tips for a 1st time owner.
CairnTerrierMix Thx!!
I have been so excited about frozenplanet but finding out that narrates made it 1000 better.
: your doctorJ mug will be mine!
I think that belongs to
Do we need better inclusive, objective news resources?
Mourning the loss of John Hughes.
He helped define my generation; his contributions to pop culture enhanced the memories of our youth.
ThankaYouthWorkerDay Natl Youth Transitions Center  mentalhealth professorssionals helping youth in transition
I just earned the Carrot Top badge on Yelp!
I had so much fun at that church !!!
lmao that's the worst thing about your dilemma
TIP: Never buy in for more then you can afford to lose.
Scared money dont make money is true.
Money you need should never be on the table.
hey, businesses!
bad communication sours the good feelings I have about you, while good communication makes me want to love you in writing.
Food Fact of the Day: Feb 28, 2006 Chicago's oldest restaurant, the 107 year old Berghoff Restaurant closed today.
The stream will be offline this evening for server maintanence.
We will be back online by 6am EDT.
Thanks.
The Engineers of WSUPFL
Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 prohibits you from discriminating in hiring
very true...didn't realize I was following negative folks until last couple of days.
Friends in DC?
Send them to the LOC to hear Roberta Stevens speak about her tenure as ALA president at 4 pm today.
I'm feeling great this week!!
Things are falling nicely into place :
If the double firing is Lisa  Aubrey let me know so I can watch the show again!
thank you!
hahaha LOVE it!
Hope you made your way over and tried one!
So yum.
They do that every 2nd Sunday 10am..
food  money donations at anytime are appreciated ..
esp at Cre3sol's open mic
We will be closed until noon today and may remain closed for the entire day.
Sorry for any inconvenience.
THANK YOU for the FF!
I hope that your weekend isEPIC!
XO J
hope you save one of those bobbleheads for an old friend.
When you have a salad, don't add doctorssing, croutons etc.
it totally ruins the point of being healthy!
Make your own vinaigrette instead!
Merry Christmas all!
Hope everyone is having a great day!
Xx
im sittin in the bed bored with nothin to do??
Ugh..some one needs to save me.
Ok, it's decided, I'll be headed to Johnnie To's romantic comedy Don't Go Breaking My Heart at 7:30...tomorrow is a wild card yet.
So freaking hungry!
But I'm going to starve myself for a couple more hours.
Food disappears in under 10 minutes..
not a pretty sight!
lol
Brady is riding her unicorn with a bold claim that the Rose Quarter will be the most vibrant part of Portland
Beaming Stars Community Center is Wishing you and your family a joyous Christmas and a blessed prosperous New Year!
Yu gave me a answer by not responding!!
White hot tilt 2 nights in a row in large part to evil game of 08.
Keyboard is very resilient to smashing tho
How in the world did Saved By the Bell make it past season two?
It is like pure garbage.
Just a
Agreed!!!
: God I hate boston.
letsgoyankees Yankees
o I've been contemplating that lately too, what shade?
Just did a Neti pot for the first time.
Holy crap that is weird but my nose feels clearer.
Let's see if I can get used to using it.
To think that BarkWorld was started because of the pawpawty revolution and to now see pawpawty go silent is very much a sad day.
I want Bosh to comeback so ya can lose with the bitch niggas playing.
There are other ways that you can get an edge in blackjack.
Would you like to know more?
Thanks kindly to for the ff!
I press send on mine and the entire file goes straight to Word.
Also, the batteries last forever.
: I ask myself..
The fear of the LORD is the beginning of wisdom..
Has everyone forgotten?
I doubt either candidate prays!
it was glorious...
quit eating people and come to bed
I have no patience for people anymore, just shut up and go home.
Page 38 of 366 how is this book for dummies?
lot's of levers to increase density of flash storage, performance of flash SolidFire
With or without bacon?
RT : I declare this Give Up And Go Eat DeepFried MacaroniAndCheese Day.
I don't think I can RT you enough.
We're dealing with the same librarians vs.
users issue with our site.
Any families planning on seeing Disney On IceToy Story 3?
The dates are December 811 and tickets go onsale tomorrow at 10am!
Help I have not been to a fast food join in over a week and have played basketball and went swimming almost everyday...
Yum.
Just tried a Skinny Water Acai Grape BlueBerry.
Let's see if it gives me the energy boost it promises...it I'm extra tweetu upi
It feels like Friday but it's only thrusday.
Where at buddy?
im still in bed
Don't feel like sleeping at all..
thanks ho!
It probably looked like crap the rest of the day...but whatevs....
Just now recovering from being out of the office for ALA...working on a onepager about the lifecycle of published reports...
Gettin ready for Curvy Girl Radio in one hour!
Tune in and hear all about !
I guess I'll go to bed now
that's cool, I Iike twitter too : Nice to meet you!
thanks for the  I look forward to looking at your type content
i CANNOT WAIT!
Glad to hear that!
Let me know whenever you stop by!
Great to meet you IRL as well!
If I sit on that couch, I won't get another thing done all night.
Don't see a downside, really.
spewing acronyms and canned phrases about market trends is lazy and pompous...
how about saying, I don't know  Curiosity  Learning
I've seen a lot of hockey games, but that Team USA vs Canada on Feb.
21st game was one of the greatest ever.
If you've ever been on the losing side of a 50 game the last thing you want to see is showingoff after a crap goal.
what genuinely sweet comments TeriHatcher made about you in PeopleMagazine!
Tune into Fox59 today at 5 p.m., the wonderful is going to be discussing Bottoms Up Beer!
thank u for ur help 2day!
very much appreciated :
I'm on right now!!
But you didn't accept yet!
Lol whenever you're on Skype send me an IM on there!
x3
AustinIsOurWorld even though he isnt doing an AUSTREAM he is still the same as before3
And once again listening to Some Beach while contemplating a new job.
It's gotta be some kind of a record.
I keep handing out maps and finding them in the trash.
I'd rather attack the lakefront with you guys tonite but stuck grading papers.
Have fun!
Almost there 10.10.10!
Lord, I thank you for supplying all my needs; For opening my eyes to things, I didn't even know I needed!
tht moment when u sleep thru dinner so u have to make ur own then ur mom comes downstairs nd tells you that ur plate was in the microwave..
Félicitations!
We can't wait to welcome you in NYC for the finals!
you should scratch that or someone.
Get a infection or something, what?
Playing all of your favorite NIRVANA's songs for you...No more suffering, no more stressing, you're in a better place..R.I.P.
i hate talking on the phone, but i like talking on the phone with mikael, i never want to get off of the phone actually.
You dont need to be upgraded to get the free Panda chicken though, just go to thier facebook, enjoy!
back from rolloersakting with
Can you say ass on Twitter : ?
RT  When the are bad, they sure don't halfass it...
I can't sleep without his hoodie even though it doesn't smell like him anymore.
Gotta end this class strong..were doing a project with a tribute.
To who though?
yeah..that is my worry too...
i cant image JAMC and elvis costello playing the weekend.
The whole time I bit my tongue, looked down, took notes.
Forced them to talk to each other, have eye contact w/ each other.
REMINDER!
This weekend, we'll be at the Tacoma Remodeling Expo at the Tacoma Convention Center!
Today through Sunday!
Recording the game, I knew when my cell was blowing up when we were down 12 with 5 min left in the 3rd that one of two things had happened:
i hope you're right.
WHAT THE HELL IS THIS APPEARANCE PROPORTION?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
hahaha thank you!
I swear every person who has one at MT never stops wearing it.
I just smh.
RT : Jean jackets are cool again?
The real housewives of disney was so funny!
: I love to work at nothing all day.
I don't know who these announcers on WGN radio are...
But they don't compare to John Wiedeman and Troy Murray
8 new inches as of last night??
I'll take it.
Agree on grassroots, that's wesley style for sure.
Are we willing to do that  willing?

Welcome Brian!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
what does the status manufactured mean?
USPS has a line even before they open.
ughh!
thought of you while we ate salt lick tonight.
Wudda taken a photo but in rush to EAT DEliciousMess 4got device.
No....This is girl is hardcore.
She's a personal trainer now..
I need some sexy ladies to appear in a music video being shot TODAY!!!
If your interested hit me back asap for casting details!!
Tonight I wanna cry
oh yeah I just didn't know what you were talking about Lol
I will be singing tomorrow night at the Backstage Bar following Roger Humphries RH Factor!
We play from 8:0011:00pm...hope to see you!
MCHammer!
You R Awesome!
Ur cool w/ everybody, sent u a download code 4 all of my songs on Digstation!
Hve a beautiful/blessed wk
This will be the 15th Annual Race for Hope!
How many years have you participated?
Do I swim or not?
Yes!
Thank youthat is PIXELMICRO Multi....the original is hanging in a Memphis gallery now.
Wow, that's one of the best ones I've seen.
A lot of the other ones are really bad
Ya think D is jealous?
Like, why cant it be the ABCD's?
I spose then E would be upset.
At least D gets to be associated with big breasts.
i dont even care foreal its really over nothing you startin to sound lame....stop sub tweetin
My students took the nodialogue radio stories they wrote yesterday, and recorded them today in GarageBand with sound effects and music.
im tired of oakland being looked at as a joke
Text You the one thing you want to change in 2012
Ah, but alas, no one ever sees what is under the robe.
It shouldn't.
He shot and killed an unarmed kid.
At the very least this trial should happen and he should've been arrested.
Just changed a setting within my favorite tab in RightNow CX: Admin Admin.
New Years party tonight at the space.
BYOB, fireworks watching from roof.
A number to call will be left on the front door.
All welcome.
The day of releases: Peyton Manning and the new iPad.
Coincidence?
RT if you have any kind of Angry Birds for iPhone, iPod touch, Andoctorid, or Google Chrome!!
I wish dogs could talk for one day
I scream!
You scream!
We all scream for ice cream!!
Unbeatable Price Sale will be available for 2 more days!!!!!
Hurry and catch these amazing deals!!
: Up to 70 off on select items!!
truer words have never been spoken.
is hosting a twitter chat right now with on how nonprofessorts can use
I hate going to bed but I love being asleep.
aw Paolo.
I've seen him : And I already have a staple gun.
Of course...Favre's name is mentioned.
thanks for the follow and hello from CA.
Wow.
Lots of sugar highs and probably some tummy aches after watching the Pack's America's Game.
Bring on the new season!
I'm in if they are
Rise n' shine folks!
Way to play UK..its miller time....
Absolute torture, I'm at an 18th and I can't even doctornk so Joanne and I have to go into the bathroom and down miniatures hahaha
that's the worst part.
I despise fake reality shows.
Wuddup misterfor certain
guess i'm just gonna have to compliment your eating again
We LIVE 2Day 6 PM wit www.Microphonebully.com
I think they should have a Barbie with a buzz cut.
and that they did.
Their forecheck was too much.
They didn't let the Flyers get any rhythm the entire game.
I don't have anymore!
We expect more from technology, less from one another.
Technologies provide illusion of companionship without the demands of relationship.
Ali, A Sultan in Palermo Life of cartographer alIdoctorsi, his lovers, Sicilian Christian Sultan Roger, 12th c.
politics
Thanks for the follow!
Happy Teacher Appreciation week!
If you can read this tweet, you should probably
: If I got a swing, I've got a shot.
Another great quote by Bubba.
genuinedude.
What a great story!
I don't think it's that's small..for black churches a represents an attack on a institution considered sacred.
Hope you're doing okay!
I'll put myself on bed rest tomorrow as a show of support.
:
o lil wayne when HAM on why stop now remix lol
I'm giving up twitter for lent..
lets see how long this lasts..
Alyssa is fine!
And Ochocinco tweets to goddamn much.
Can't believe INSTAGRAM soldout to FACEBOOK!
If I was INSTAGRAM, I would of partnered with TWITTER since everyone is switching over.
SMH
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs The NFC east was really up for grabs this season
Rehearsals are officially underway for Show Choir at A.C.T.
San Fran!
Whoohoo!
Key to the remainder of the series, STAY OUT OF THE PENALTY BOX!
Flyers have 0 even strength goals in past 2 games!
Is it just me or have chipotle prices gone up?
Hope you are having an absolutely wonderful Wednesday morning!
Old man walks into rite aid, took newspaper, finished sudoku in under 1 minute, threw it away and left
Been away for a while...
I'll catch up with all later tonight.
You're right about there being no wind.
The blossoms are just comin' down by theirselves.
Just their time to, I reckon.
GETS ME EVERY TIME
the law of recirpocity  give unto others or do for others and that will be given or done for you.
Most fail to apply this due to patience
you win some and lose some.
HA!
Touche, sir.
Touche.
And I didn't even know about my secret adopted sibling!
That's how slutty my mom is.
Do you guys offer integration?
Thanks for spreading the word!
We had a great turnout!
Lots of pretty signs made for marathon runners!
cc
sometimesyouhaveto make hard decisions in your life whether you want to or not.
haha!
It's fine I do the same thing!
Since that twitcam b/c Niall was in it, everyone started freaking out b/c of NIALL.
About to rock some Legend of Zelda: Skyward Sword!!
he is a great kid.
Our good luck charm!
Note to self: don't hold key in right hand and wipe hair out of face with said hand...you will end up poking yourself in the eye.
He showed up once, but was dissatisfied that there was no actual SHIT at the party, just bad movies!
Lakers Lost....that's all I'm saying I won't talk shit tonight lol
I've become a low key Washington Nationals fans.
Some of my fellow dodger fans annoy me, which has made me follow a different team.
Girls love kickball.
yea i read them last summer..ahh I thought they were alright haha..the second book was my fav
Looks like we've got some boomers coming
Omg my bro is going somewhere again and he won't tell me  tell me!!!
I know your not really going to the hospital!
JD's got a game tonight, so if I can make it I will.
Anyway  I always bring bad luck!
Hopping over to Banshee from iTunes took five minutes, but I've spent 4 days cleaning up the hidden tag  directory mess iTunes left.
Anymore followers?
I'm watching videos from Columbus you can hear me my friends singing almost over you guys.
Didnt realize we were that loud.
lol
thank you!
thank you guys for makin' it happen!
CARAMEL SKIN, LONG HAIR, THICK ASS
please ...
just grow some balls and say it to my face .
i would be more than glad to finish your ass off .
I love it when you call me big poppa.
bout to start usin twitter networktime !!!!
Actually loving ALL of 's posts..
Time to hit the stores and farmers market, the asparagus looks divine!
Federal gov't building a moon colony?
Sounds socialist.
Leave it to private sector.
With tax incentives, of course.

I love you!
Time for Games and the Literature Classroom
All things education  employment...COX Media fair  tomorrow at the Science Museum.
Join us!
, ,
my first real question!
customer looking for books about the artist Every Langston.
Yes, that's apparently the real first name.
no luck.
Be not ashamed of mistakes and thus make them crimes.
Confucius
Can't wait for tomorrow and to see her face!
i can't get over my life.
The ladder of success is never crowded at the top.
Napoleon Hill
Penelope's doctorss.
And haircut.
Beautiful.
can you syringe out the Cadbury filling, eat that, them refill the egg with pudding and eat it?
I would respect that  DvL
who has the greatest football team of all time that should be playing lsu in the title game?
Thanks for the follow Tabitha!
Agree.
But I'M the one telling people to quit making future guarantees based on past performance of 15 
It's true!
They're the best!
The new album from our friend and client is 8 at iTunes, and our buddy is at 12 and climbing.
Go support them both!
What does one do to prepare for a dissertation defense?
Anything?
, , , , , vets?
Shower, then bed 
Love my 2 boys, Frazier and Rex.
They are the best dogs!!
hahaha I'm just happy she didn't get molested by that comedian guy haha
TGIF and we have the delicious lunch you want!
Stop by B for one of our Turkey Scallopini's or B Veggie Burgers!
Whatever my dad got her the IPad 3
Need three female models for a project today.
Anyone interested hmu..
OMG I WANT A NEW CAR
93 on my essay!
Ah like a boss!
I just completed a 3.00 mi run with a 25:18 pace using Check out my route!
soc.li/Klm226E
Gotta love this officiating!!
clearly I'm no where near as smart as a 12 year oldum, unless irk means irresistibly real keen, I'm clueless :
hahahaha no problem:
I'm going to get my very 1st one next month..I think!!
a little nervous lol
hahah : Yeah As cute as misterMays ??
I think both of you should follow me..
no?
alright then..
loveyou.
x
Making a book.
Yes a book.
good luck.
Did we really?!
OMG Sorry!
I forgot like everyone i used to talk to!
i'm never on cause of school!
:
How do who know who RT'S you tweets??
Thank you to everyone who attended to our 1 year anniversary event and celebrated with us this small but significant milestone!
Cheers!
sure, followed!
Now follow back:
it seriously is!
We gotta keep in touch.
Bros literally all high school year.
yea for sure
love these people on who are moving to Europe but want a place to live like America.
Stay in America then!
ok call me when you get a minute.
merry everyone
Join us this Saturday as we tailgate with Hoots to cheer on the against Tulsa!
We get started at 4
The Bucks are making it happen!!!!
good stuff!
College Football Prediction Late Game: LSU  Alabama; Alabama 5 and the over 41.5
could you send me a hires photo?
More awesome peeps!
that bestknicks brawl a decade back?
Like 6 suspensions, right?
GOT A ONE DIRECTION CD I AM TO HAPPPYY....
3 I LOVE THE EASTER BUNNY :
Holiday security tips and more, in a new QA with Arlington's bit.ly/sX6A84
Why clean up CeCe's last name?
It's Peniston.
thanking u for sending over detailed document.
howev, looks like client will pass at this time : Will email u details this week
beauty seems to be a moment of a work in progress
That patty melt at 1am last night was 100 unnecessary.
hey no cheating allowed lol who u got in the jon jones vs Rashad fight I hope rashad wips his ass but I doubt he will
OK, was pretty good.
What is it about football players and dancing?
Don't act like its you against the world if its really just you against yourself.
I'm going dollar bowling tonight at 9.
Hit me up if you wanna join
No worries re: email : and I'm definitely going to get to a conference soon!
watching your bids over and over lol!!
too funny!!
Stop in and get your favorite holiday books  movies from your library!
We'll be closed Fri., Dec.
23 thru Mon., Dec.
26.
I have hardcore strep throat.
It better go away by Wednesday so I can see
Life is unpredictable.
And theres a big difference between being scared and being prepared.
Always be prepared.
I think I know him I talked to him a couple times
Its Thursday OMG only 12 more school days and then off to the beach and lots of other places 3
Best first line of story EVER: Sean Bean from Thrones was arrested.
says: Winter is coming...
And so are the police.
We just ordered 2 Replicators for our new Making the Future program!
So excited to 3D print!
I'm going to ask my dad if I can go see my real grandma this summer she's from Texas I really look like her I just want to see her before sh
The more I think about it, the more I appreciate the distinction between blog and writing on 's new site.
They killed it3
the documentary is being shown with the hope it will strengthen muslimjewish relations.
check out the film for yourself at
I wish she would come do I can take a nap...
Or Lauren take a nap with me
hi chris, we'd like to talk to u abt our startup that is helping local businesses in 5 cities with 800 merchants.check email :
Post photos of some of the origami creatures!
Cutest lesbian couple outside my laundoctormat right now.
Don't get to see that too often in the Burgh
So jeally...see anything for me?
Looking for info/personal experiences on how Service Animals are regarded in other countries.
Example  Dubai?.
Let us know
you're just fabulous!
: xo
lmao..I bet you do too.
haha!
Just relaxing tonight and following a few new friends.
Shawn says hello.
I really need to find the best book I can to selfstudy for Linux Some want bling, I'm deep tech
I'm going to be strong for my mom because she needs me now more than ever.
3
My first time on I love it!
This is not very cheerful but we do assemble about 10,000 coffins a year and we save over 6000 by not buying them already assembled.
Never take life seriously.
Nobody gets out alive anyway.
And...
you get to see us at our best!
Tuck your wings in!
RT : Get ready Raleigh, I'm coming!!!
Great article on Olerud!
Well done my friend.
If Lovin You Is Wrong..I Dont Wanna Be Right...Cause If Bein Right Means..Bein Without You Id Rather..Live A Wrongful Life..LutherIngram!
it's not random.
I'm in the ER.
All bad bitches who prey on weak trick ass men will be punished by never being happy  never knowing or receiving respect
Oh ya I'll get you a life size one of me in my white lingerie haha.
That's normal....
So excited to see you at the 1st Seattle Chocolate Tweetup:
Let's fight for ourselves, for each other, for him.
Let's be blessed together...
knew you'd say that!!
Success is sweet and sweeter if long delayed and gotten through many struggles and defeats.
Amos Bronson Alcott
Wow...That's a channelsurfing deep cut.
is watching a heavenly sunset from her front porch.
Nf the handsome ladies go follow him NOW or delete your account !
I BELIEVE that I wanna hear a bit of the new Album !
Pick me if you choose randomly of course ; feelthelove 3frGAJB
Just a heads up, all the flower named WIFI access points will be reset again after this session at
The quick text before the tunnel...
Uh ohnew page update today!
at www.rocketrobinson.com
5 more days in Ohio then back to New York for the summer!
LADIES, some men love it when they woman tell them to pass the blunt  put it on 2 player
hii im here
not sure what's cooler.
The skating or the shirt.
tryed to make mocha moo lattes.
Cultivate only the habits that you are willing should master you.
Elbert Hubbard
Also, Shake Shack is the best restaurant I've eaten at since I moved here.
barbiesize?
lol
The Ville pulled that shit out man, hell yea
dude, of course!
NFL's RedZone Network was actually influenced by Italian soccer version I believe.
This AM proves it can work here
don't look now, but these M's are showing some fight...

Nah, just to hike and camp for my bday.
That's what I do RT : That one person that always puts a smile on your face :
Be proactive and take ownership.
We spend to much time blaming others for our mistakes and shortfalls and too less time working to correctin
sure, we can do that.
Let me know the size and I can get you a price.
hey what's up?!
Keep me in mind.
Somewhere down the road you might get lonely ...
Great school district that serves over 70 of students that speak a language other than English at Home.
Great Supt!
Exactly.
Don't they have a section just for grad students?
2seater sexy mygirl would text me but shes right next to me then i doctorp her off and gets some time alone then she call my fone
you have GOT to be kidding me!
hoping I get this new publicity gig...
also, finishing up some work on Demetria Martinez's website.
I guess we can attribute that stroke of bad luck for the Cardinals and Tony LaRussa to Karma.
I have a hard enough time ordering a Biggie Fries I can't imagine who thought these names were a good idea
Everywhere we go..
People wanna know.who we are.
So we tell them..
We are the Wizards...The might  wizards...
They took the same approach with Gmail.
It started April 1, 2004 and people thought 2G email was a joke.
hm i really like them all equally :
Does it look like I really give a fuck?
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off the goal.
and then it gets worse../3:c
RT I sometimes wonder how people don't realize how obnoxious they are when talking on their bluetooth headsets.
what is your favorite basketball team?
:
need any help with the move?
Happy Earth Day cuz bless.
Hope your having
One of God's soldiers.
Angelo.
Go with God.
let's do it!
wow very nice, like !
you name when and where and im there!
LOL!
RT : Sleeping pills?
Who needs those?
We've got PowerPoint.
Don't take anything for granted
thx, Bill!
I'm also geeking out ovr the fact that Julie Andoctorws is going 2 B thr.
I might burst in2 Climb Every Mountain!
:
What does a barback do?
had it right when they said Everything.
you're nasty...
You def changed it from my cute baby elephant background
great job man
omg okay..lol and you know me Markie;
Oh yes!
Can't wait.
Finally a normal week haha
did u get any new followers from yesterday?
:
beez in the trap by nicki minaj ft.
2chainz is such a fucking terrible song omg
When is Mickey Mouses birthday?
The first correct tweet wins a pair of tickets to the November 13 performance of 42Five....
That's basically the worst concept I've ever heard.
she is right?
i always eat and do homework with michael
Rendón: Sentipensante pedagogy is a vision for education that combines emotion, introspection with outward action, service.
negative nancy.
iight do that !
teamfollowback show me love  help me get more followers :o i follow back !
Guns don't kill people, dads with pretty daughters do
Lawyers didn't seriously get involved in the Watergate stories until quite late, when we realized we were on to something.
Delta is a life runner.
RT2WIN CONTEST RT the next tweet for your chance to win 2 tickets to see  more on 4/11!
Need Hot Beats?
Zoe Beats Is Your Man!
SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat Check Me Out!
The internet has made it to where anybody can ACT LIKE A anybody can buy YOU TUBE VIEWS to trick the the people...
who was it?
Gonna stalk you now!
:D

Nicki Minaj without crazy hair?
or her fake ass!
No dark alcohol tonight.
AMF's and tequila all night!!!
Lol
Steve Austin is starring in a musical.
I don't know what to say...
your tweets inspire me: I think your goal has been made3 Please follow me!
If I could only hear and not see him I would swear the guy at the next table was Tim Ireland following me to DC!
RT : Adam Yauch marched w/ us in Nov.
over the Brooklyn Bridge.
A visionary artist who never lost sight of his community.
If loving you burned calories, I'd be a supermodel.
love you to!
:
Did you know that the highest incidence of twins are in Nigeria.
They are not sure why but they think its in the yams!
Oy Ve Holy Cow OMG WOW!
well, people shole dying, chil'  my aunt
If the first day of spring is as nice as this, it should be declared a free day, and we all get to leave work.
Had a really bad panic attack last nite.
Woke up didnt know what happened nite b4.
Billy had 2 give me med 2 calm me down and breathe.
It's crazy I'm tipsy right now and I got class in 7 hrs.....
N stl he don't even knw u n e more not like that n e way wish I would
I'm not as impertinent as some might assume.
Don't dismiss me,
Watching the SuperBowl in Panama makes for interesting local
BOILER UP!
donald trump  mac miller 3
Daylife Saturdays at The Fly  COME GET WET with us!!!
I wanna be on cloud 9 right now
OH: Don't throw me under the bus bc I will back it up and run over you.
Um, how would u do that if you're under the bus dude?
Um, thanks for the link!
So many good ones  are you going?
too funny!
Great production of A Little Night Music last night w !
See it before it closes in June.
Lucky Girl!
Telephone it 's least favorite song.
Jack says the folks using bags for dog poop give us the shaft twice because they leave the litter for us!
.
pushed the Little Engine That Could up the mountain.
I knew it!
lol Thanks for the love!
Stop by with some of your friends to experience the tour again!
Wish this Houston/New Orleans game would end so I can watch the Vikings/Seattle game!
OMMGG Lemme explain something.
There's no such thing as swagger Your either a good guy, or a player.
GEEZZ got me tight.
When you make a birthday wish  it doesn't come true, you should be able to sue whoever made the faulty candles.
I asked at a RSPCA because then i am helping animals without a home, breaks my heart to see them lonely 3
You wear motherhood well.
It was so nice to see you in full bloom on this season's TC.
the soul.
Therefore, circumcision is superfluous.
Looking ahead, Paul will go so far as to say that the law is dangerous, and
got an exam tommorow and idk if im prepared barely pay attention in class as it is...
This random guy at school was just like, wow.
you're beautiful.
Made my day :
good : but why
I never watch anime but right now I'm watching an anime called Sgt Frog on Netflix and it's so strange that it's pretty hilarious
It's been a hot min since I been on here
Any chances on writing a book?
Wait a minute mister Postman, Please don't fold the Photo Envelope e e...
C'mon dude....
Yes he is a beast!
RT : Ray Lewis got me ready to tackle the 1st person I see!!!
Dude is intense!
Happy Sunday, good afternoon!
How is everyone?
definitely agree
Didn't win the lottery so eating a giant block of cheese to cheer myself up
thats ok I got zayn,LiamNiall from one direction and Adam lavine there all my lovars Ive come 2 the conclusion I will miss u.
if the answer isn't most of them then this kid really needs to learn what it means to
thanks did you see big front page article in NYT today on frontotemporal dementia??
Beautiful photo too
Follow Friday they are awesome!!!
:
We like positive discourse : I'm just excited to see what it's all got in store.
Productions lately are crazy.
we still have to go to a game together
If you can't be a poet, be the poem.
Least crowded Saturday at the highline ever
Any news story w word typically should immediately be shot down as utter crap.
Happy Sunday!
:
I 3 Juliet Simms!
I have her 'Oh Darlin' audition video
One day three autumns A Chinese idiom used when you miss someone so much, one day feels as long as three years.
it's interesting how subjects like war are male only when women had significant roles as well  yet we don't tell it
You don't want to miss this Sunday !
Worship, the Word, Baptisms, Chapter2 pledges!
I can't wait!
Be there!
my opinion.
Fri night MK.
Sat afternoon MGM.
Sat night EPCOT doctornk around the world
Can't we just disappear and take our chances.
All the teenager romances put our money where our mouth is.
If it made it here, then we didn't feel it.
I was just curious whether the tweets were faster than the quake
I believe it's July 2.
You going to be around?
What's long and black and smells like shit?
The welfare line.
Who wants to snuggle?
Don't u wish yo wish yo boyfriend was a G like me?
Ugh hurt my arm:/
On my way to our yacht in the Hamptons.
You?
When they play hero/heroine in my school 
I am THAT kid in class tonight.
I have to stop smoking tho : im on another job hunt
Ha!
Im going to eat my oatmeal and green juice and be content lol
Come by and see us at NW VEGFEST this weekend for some tasty Blossoming Lotus Samples Yes, we will have our Live Fudge samples and much more
So who is coming down here for the super bowl?
SMH  U Bro...!!!
RT : 2:33pm my Dad, doctor Stanley Ralph passed on.
Thank you all for your blessed prayers.
Amen.
I'm getting sleepy 
keep in mind, I have been on scarborough's radio and tv shows several times and we have emailed each other quite a bit.
You already know!!
Kudos to and the chicouncil on the reduction of business licenses to 47.
Thanks, Jason.
So you mean Las Vegas?
Obvi.
of course mobile Ivy Bridge doesn't arrive until June so it's only the desktop space where this matters ATM.
: I'm turning into Alma scripture: wishing that I could say or do more than is allotted for the time.
Scraping and eating leftover brownie mix from the bowl!!
yea buddy!
Well if you need any help, just ask.
:
On today's reading list: applied survival anlaysis, coarsened exact matching,  a book on parenting toddlers.
Attention: Fado affectionados!
Fado comes to Carnegie Hall January 24th!
Don't miss it...
Sumbody shuld go grab me ah blunt from da gstation I'm lazy rite now
milkshake  nyquil  new purple doctornk.
An additional barrier to innovation is too much talk and too little action!
Im wit it just let me know
Head over to the online store and pick up a shirt and CD!!!
www.flighttoathena.bigcartel.com We appreciate the support!!!
i got these diamonds on my neck got patron in my cup
People who may always have a smile on their face are the ones that suffer in silence the most.
AFLCIOs Phil Neuenfeld tells Capitol rally caravans of supporters on way from PA, Ohio, NJ and NY.
Good morning, Ms.
Day.
cocking a lopsided grin Missing me, eh?
Hoping to go this time.
Saw them on the Counterparts tour in the early 90's.
Fantastic show!
oh man.
you got it rough.
no kids here tonight so I can swear.
Hi!!
Can't complain here!
How about you?
How are things?
Happy Valentines Day!
Have a great one!
Just love no matter what day it is!
In spanish its happy day of love and friendship!
OMG!
IM HAVING WENDYS TO: FOLLOW?:
Coloring your hair at home?
Dab your hairline with baby oil or Vasoline to prevent a stained hairline!
Don't you think that Facebook's new ad strategy is a brilliant play to doctorve more people to social...
My strategy?
Walk behind tall people
I love you savior!
going to San Genero ?
First Noise Pop happy hour is tomorrow.
Will I see you there?
If passionimpulse and there was no premeditation, then it makes sense.
The risk of reoffending will likely be lower.
At least I'm seeing my babe tonight 3
We miss you on Austream!
I've been watching old ones thinking how far we've come together.
mahomielove 3 Can't wait 4 music!
Thanks for the ff!
Enjoy your weekend, Dana.
Life is acceptable.
Death is calm.
It's the cross over which is bothersome.
Tonight's final work For colored queer boys who considered giving up when giving themselves wasn't ever enuf by Mark Brown II.
WhyAreYou making me feel this way?
When your friends tell you how excited they are to hang out tonight...and they dont invite you...
Ack!
I didn't.
Loving Fab majorly though.
Next time I stock up on Americana...What's the code off?
The state can control your behavior but it cant make you believe anything
Aw!
A Cousin to Austin?
:D
i love chocolate cookies 
Well mentally I'm only at 24, so it all balances out :P
follow me and I will dm an email to you.
Dude I fucking miss me some mizchief!

Welcome!
Thks for follow!
My son came home from school today with torn clothes.
Let's bring your message to his school!
just doctornched me in sweat, I loved it.
we hope you're having an awesome Wednesday Jessica!
:
What's even funnier is the longer I stand here and watch the more pissed off his girlfriend gets!
Buahahah!
Jealousy is a mother fukr!
Lmao!
that's a great idea.
Btw.
I think needs to follow you.
Every two months we log in  make a joke about the specific episode of Doctor Who we just watched.
Why don't we have more followers?
i cant get it
My hair looks green aaahh lol
Why am I getting upset...when you are in a committed relationship...you are not mines...someone should slap me
Prepare to be blown away!!!
haha.
Never again!
I would txt to the Red Cross the 10 if the  actually went to Haiti.
They will not send all the money collected to Haiti.
Same Ole story.
...
and learn to interpret texts!
headed to get the trailer to get in the road to Haubstadt!
haha only you.
I want to see foam darts piercing doctorwall...
thanks!
We think you're pretty awesome too!
Gonna be productive and start homework right now because I have nothing to do on this beautiful day.
I do
Humans: the reason why we can't have nice things.
Less than 4 weeks until sunny Orlando!
kwfr kwri Can't wait!
Doing the easy thing is rarely the right thing and doing the right thing is rarely easy.
Glenn Beck
Yes.
Yes I am.
Thanks.
I just got in the mood for some cold water, yogurt, and chocolate donuts.
BIG turnout for Jerry Brown's campaign stop at SDSU.
2011 Best Lifestyle On Premise Club Winner Trapeze Club
Did you finish it off by pulling a chain which released a bucket of water on you?
com  Its never been a secret that Rush Limbaugh isfirst and foremostall about promoting Rush Limbaugh
what's the name of this place?
Is 22 regular price?
fuck me.
im already breaking down and crying..
working from home is great.
But with no coworkers nobody ever brings donuts!
RUPD escort to senior gala
It's amazing how much shutting my door helps my productivity.
Crazy how some people think they are perfect, i was taught that was only God
ok hope you have a great Bacardi day!!
Happy Easter!
Another holiday at the firehouse for me today.
Nothing helps saxophone lip than a little bit of Ben and Jerry's ice cream
We don't even ask for you to sign in or sign up.
Just click and view.
Really.
Now what's your excuse?
Thanks very much.
Silence is the loudest scream
Thanks for the mention!
: I don't believe in coincidences.
Every Thursday?
I'm not stupid.
Joey watchin tranny porn again?
good luck!
GRANDerz trend VinsGottenSoFar for please?
He has gotten so far :'
About to hit 6 flags.
10 dollar tickets FTW.
HAHAHA that's typical alex
Contest is now closed..1993 was the correct answer.
Thanks to all participants!
Another Damn Near Free contest will begin soon.
I don't get why girls can call each other gorgeous but guys can't call each other handsome without it being gay'
Chicago loves bacon, and we have AMAZING bacon, smoked in house for 4 hours, crispy and delicious, waiting for you at
LMAO Oh shut up!
yo!
like you didn't already know, but is a beast!
I think it was so they can stall on the fight
2nd Sundays on 2nd St for brunch, shopping  of course, Lofty Dog.
Sales thruout!
LD has 25 strollers, 1015 off clothing, UT items,...
you can give money anytime!!
they should be in by friday!
Thanks for the mention!
I'm gonna marry him one day ..
Ooh, Lucky!
I love new postits.
I've got some with trees, and I don't even want to open the package.
Truth RT : Few things engender more hatred than the presumptuous recline of the airplane seat in front of me.

ewwwwwwwwwwwww stop it!!!!!
no kenzie, funniest ;
Hey , karma is a beeyotch!
Can't believe I'm half rooting for the Angels.
gnight!
gonna listen to this track tomorrow loud when noone hear to see if i still feel the same..
if i do then i ship it out..and wait
Queens art museum doing amazing work partnering w community orgs.
Helping those orgs achieve goals helps QAM ach their goals too
wish i was there
Transitioning from a lawless reality back to normal life is hard 4 some.
That's where the shared experience is invaluable.
How would you describe yourself to someone who does not know you?
I do not understand Gallardo's need to work every hitter deep into counts
RT : Beatles Lost Concert at Oriental May 17  22.
Filmed by CBS, shown on closed circuit in its day.
More...
Thankstaking fact: the date of the 3rd Thursday of Nov was selected to commemorate the famous Snoozers v.
Losers SC decision of 1814.
Look at this school doctorgging on like a mother f.
Alec is over.
Sitting here watching Disney :P Hit me up?
Can a production assistant please lockdown the MidAtlantic?
Earthquake is blowing the audio.
Since our wives our at the westhillsdwtn women's conf.
us men are taking kids to the park.
Hope nobody gets hurt.
yeah thought that was interesting.
Very much an English thing to do.
Twinkie flavored yogurt would be a hit!
guaranteed most of my colleagues don't know what a Boolean search is.
.
.
u too emo tonight.
Sounding like doctorke.
Never tried it cold.
What do you think?
The O's started the nite w/ the best record in MLB.
So why did only 11,938 show up at Camden Yards?
you should have
Editing means staring at your own face and listening to your own voice.
Everybody's favorite thing, ever!
I understand now.
'Cuse does not play tough games early, like three months ago, because of tough games three months later...ok..
best spring break spot hit the water!
West SideLake Havasu.
East SidePanama City Beach.
Stiffmeister Approved.
I'm genuinely excited about the promise of Windows 8...
but far from confident that Microsoft will actually be able to pull this off.
Thursday is Women's Equality Day how will you celebrate/observe the 90th anniversary of women's right to vote in the US?
its so weird how some old punk rock bands are tumblr famous and some aren't
Would live to see pics when you're finished.
On the plane and about to depart Nashville.
Cool place  you should visit.
Next stop Laguardia.
Says : Wouldn't you change your name?
You could never say, Step into my office, with a straight face.
Happy 2012 everyone!
I hope the new year brings you plenty of happiness!
Please help me out and sign up on OneFreeAd.com for free!
aww I love it : union worker where at?
When u turn 21?
These damn dogs in my neighborhood is having a meeting on the wire.
They all barking at each other like crazy late night.
My eyes are still swollen :/
you're welcome!
Damn oomf has me likin her already
Cleaned,and missed band practice!Oops!
RT Alford We are excited to be back home ...
hopefully we can play well and win a championship this week.
My husband has a Carter shirt when he was a Flyers.
In fact, I started liking Carter as a Flyer.
It was easier for us to accept.
..me too abt returns..
Jackie is supa messy..
Haven't been on Twitter in a minute.
Sister kickin' S/Os makes it easy to come back.
Love u sis.
I hope everything will be ok..
I am so glad it is a comfort to her.
YW
Jacob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more We Want Jacob Latimore on EllenBcuz he is also a Very Hard worker
Thanks for the follow
But all I can do is thank god that he sent me such an amazing person like you into my life.
thanks for doing something.
Seems like those that could don't.
Go go go go
Ok  no solutions out of Europe this weekend  does not augur well for the week ahead.
Only the hope trade can hold things up.
Got the itis
Managing museum's back end tech needs doesn't equate to comfort w programming platforms and interaction
shutup and listen to GOOD music.
Thanks ever'body!
False.
I Can't Make You Love Me  Bonnie Raitt.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING TODAY?:
any me and my sister was watching bgc and started to wonder when is your birthday?!
:
Riorancho celebrates 30 years as a city!
got me thinkin about hittin the strip club, i got my dollars ready lol
GOD is a good GOD and he will save our Beloved NY KNICKSThey are on life support.
Tonight KARAOKE at The Irish Knot with Keagan!
I was hungry...
So I ate an apple...
But now I'm more hungry...
I watched this nightmare last night while I was asleep...I don't need to see it again!
3Day Walkers  other nonprofessorts host your fundoctoriser at Wet Stone on a Sunday or Monday.
5 of the net sales will go to your cause!
Thanks, Mary!
All of you awesome wifilmfestfest folks are the highlight.
I'm just out having a blast.
J Hilburn is now the third largest worldwide account for Italian shirting mill,Tessituri Monti!!!
Next year we will be their 1 account!
Taking pictures of traffic cones and trees while waiting for my assignment.
Thanks for helping get the word out!
NOW we are, no doubt.
Good to meet you IRL.
Hope we can connect at another event this week.
have funamanda
oh crap.
i'm gonna order it this weekend then.
crap crap crap.
what are you doing around 7 or so tomorrow?
I'm thinking about coming early to chill or whatever.
i hope you nor is not in that stat.
i am pretty sure she is not.
.
.
Kevin Jonas is married
Attended a good training on creating ePub documents today.
Going to try and use the flip method for parts of my next unit.
Attending session How to write an RFP for social media socialRFP sxsw 7 step process
The following are popular names in my dad's family: Larue, Lutitia, Horace, Hushel, Sackfield.
I dont feel good.
10 reasons to be excited for the MLB season..sobcity.com/index.php/EasyBlog/Entry/toptenreasonstobeexcitedforthe2012mlbseason.html
congrats on the title!!
Hell of a game
ops haha it's my first time
Remember when you followed me.?
:D
SPRING 2011 SAT PREP classes will start on March 5, 2011.
Call us to register today for an early bird special!
:
I do comedy for the validation.
Parking gets expensive.
RIP Dick Clark....Great American Music Legacy
Police have swarmed the park!!
watever you can't trick me hooch !!!
: cnt wait to see you!!!
Not liking the new TweetDeck at all.
Kicking it to the curb and looking at alternatives.
what do you do out in Kuwait?
Sitting here listening to this the turning point by
We need an HTML/CSS Designer in Fort Worth for a contract 8 weeks.
Email if interested!
Nice print on your sling!
My kids never liked that facingout position  on the hip or flat facing the chest were their favs!
Having sex is like playing bridge.
If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand.
On this CincodeMayo think abt the immigrant workers who train the runners you bet on/watch this
what are we doing this morning?
Let me know.
I will be at home waiting for the call about my car.
Food allergies do not have 2 be life threatening 2 be considered a disability under Section 504.
Talking to RAIDERNATION and flippin from one game to another on TV.
I hope to sleep well tonight too.
Eating bacon sandwiches
Who went out of XFactor  Strictly please my honies?
On plane: as always, DCers should hide the youth and the whiskey.
We are at the WIBADD event today.
Come stop by our booth and say hello!!
Honestly don't think I'll cry at graduation.
If I do it's cause I'm out that bitch!
I didn't say it was your fault, I simply said I was going to blame you.
Huge 4th of July sale on Max  Ruffy's treats!
Save 40 with coupon code july4.
Offer good July1st  4th.
Give 'em something they love!
yea ima try and make it
Don't have an escape hatch; hurdles will come and if you have an escape hatch, you may quit too early.
Hurdles aren't dealbreakers.
Can't wait to see what skip has to say!
Lol
Join us for a special seminar tomorrow from 10noon, Networking  Personality Type led by Matt Morscheck, MS, CMP
Why wasn't there any food left after the monster party?' Cos everyone was a goblin.
Happy Halloween, friends!
Good seeing you today Jacob!
:
We're going to miss being your neighbor!
You are fabulous and amazing.
XOXO
It kind of lessens the blow of mothers day a little bit.
Not really....but kinda.
Failure is success if we learn from it.
Malcolm Forbes
I got so many things I wanna do in life...
Can u combine em all into one thing?
I want to go to Italy.
Jealous.
Good friends are like stars.
You don't always see them, but you know their always there!
3
Join CHEVY4MKE starting at 7:00pm at Miss Katie's Diner in district 5 on 02/21/2012 for an Election Night Watch Party!
What do u mean!
Wanna make my wish come true?
Click Follow and I'll post a picture of me smiling 'cause of you!
3
Of daughters?
No.
Of spiders?
Perhaps.
It's all in the size of the house  her relative fear of spiders ;
Nothing better than a delicious, FREE lunch!
What did you have yesterday, Katharine?
New week!
New  Opportunities!
you might think about Adobe Premiere.
has a version for 60 I think.
they never do.
such a shame.
Chango Cheetah says thanks a million meows for using ur pull with da Man.
Things went ok.
Not checking out yet.
520 Mini Journey Journals are now on their way to Salt Lake City for next week!
Hooray!
Hooray!
Good Luck!
perfect week for training with the beautiful weather :
Parents arguing about who was banging who back in HS.
Really?
New environmental blog tonight and new article later this week highlighting a great local NPO  Bluegrass PRIDE www.bgpride.org
: RT : OMG!
I wouldn't be able to contain myself in that awesomeness!!
Attention educators: Allison of and John of will be at IMEA in Fort Wayne this weekend.
Stop and say hi!
your so cool melanie :
TAP was founded by doctor Paul Mok, noted author, lecturer, corporate consultant  creator of Communicating Styles Technology
thank you so much!
I managed to get a charger.
If she was really a 'good fairy', she wouldn't have turned little bunny foo foo into a goon.
These are things I ponder before bed.
Oh god, that crazy, almost Janiceesque laugh.
LRT what is up with the paint that he is either catching or splashing off of him

what's the good word at SPA!!?
How's the feature going!?
RT : It's championship week!
Go Locos!!!!!!
yaaaaahoooo!
Please bring your stash.
Ha ha...and that was more geared toward Lakers folks.
They'll set a car ablaze any chance they get..
Always awesome to be that close to one of your idols.
But it's weird seeing him without Oasis.
His band was just ok
Great news,  congrats!
Omfg.i love Mikey.
Workers Comp and RTW resources for my HR peeps
o well lets trend it!
:
ur welcome babe
who tryna fight you .
Mark Zuckerberg is 28, but Steve Jobs was still younger when Apple IPO'd.
Just got my follower tracker set up for this bitch...If YOU unfollow I shall return the favor!
JoeNathan lol SUPPORT THE MUSIC!
I don't like when random unknown dudes tweeting me shit in retaliation.
That gets you blocked...
Up next: Inviting your audience into your brand.
I wondered idly if the restaurant I'm going to for dinner has a TV to show MNF  and then I thought about how bad B'more/JAX will be.
N/m.
Staring at the bottle, then her nails: Mommy this isnt purple enough!
She felt duped  you could see it in her eyes.
Here at the zinc bar w jack Jeffers big band.
Great players.
One More set tonight better come out on w 3 Nyc.
Zinc Bat
hacked?!
Was worried someone wrote a bad blog about me!
: Have u been keeping up on ur tantan tanning???
Scott.
Had long talk with Tiffany.
Check us out.
Only 1 shop in AZ as of today getting all the customers.
listyourshop.com
The trail running community is KC is incredible.
Thursday BAR run is weekly highlight.
Love all my
It doesnt fit in my pocket because I dont even have a phone like thatI'll take a Galaxy S II if you want me to have one so bad
Teams never seem to update weight measurments.
What player's playing weight would you say is furthest from their listed weight?
My nose: You're going to sneeze!
LOL JK My face: orgasm look
Iced Coffee?Try SAFARI ICED COFFEEour fresh roasted,fresh brewed iced coffee,2 scoops SCOOTERS frozen custard,whipped cream  Chocolate.Yum
it was tempted to buy a poster.
Lol
Free food at THATCamp Games.
Don't forget to donate!
Blake Shelton can sing anything he wants!
Oh man....
what did I get myself into?
Must have looked in the mirror and saw 40!
Happy Birthday!!!!
Right now is the perfect time to engage in hoodoctort activities in S.O.C.
Police have no communication with that area, smhs and lols...
you already confused me enough today!
I don't need to be confused anymore!
Sometimes passive basses like my stock Yamaha BBN5 can have more punch output than active models.Strung with D,Addario Pro Steels..
Great video.
Very creative.
Thanks!
A woman in her late 40s talks to a woman in her late 20s about a woman between 1824, about what they do now.
Basically, all life.
Motorcycle ministry For Abused Childoctorn: www.BarefootdoctormsofHouston.com
interesting.
Glad you can get it somewhere.
Your local paper might be really interested in that story...
If u want to tell it
Did you know that Eric Holder he became the first AfricanAmerican attorney general designate in the United States in 2008?
Was good meeting Mike Hinkley owner of Flash Brewery tonight.
Keep on making those tasty brews...
Theres still time to enjoy your choice of any dessert  coffee or tea for just 10 at our 5th Ave location.
Available MonFri, 3pm7pm
: Plotting world domination, of course!
's cats  's shrimp army will be in charge
So bummed I missed Apt23 tonite!
No worries, I DVR'd.
try to refrain from telling me what I missed!
Morning!
I've already had to say unbelievable twice today!
Should be an interesting day
I love This paper.
You need to check out my skills.
I stepped my mixing game up ma!!
Local tv stations KNOW i can do the same 2 them.
All they have on me 2 make me look bad is recorded messages of me yelling insulting truth
Internet never forgets.
Reading into how the cleaning lady put my conditioner into my shower; have I been putting conditioner on at the wrong time all these years?
I thought I had recovered.
Now I'm back to shivering with a fever.
I got April Fooled by my own body.
Thanks and for RTing and favoriting my posts and happy Thursday :
Your weave should NEVER look like I can Shoot It
Johansson throwing the puck on his own net last night during a fing power play.
nice to think about it that way!
I am running my first half in March.
Thanks for your thoughts on the 10k.
ReadMedoctorgRace.
And I work for librarians, so don't  it up.
not even a scratch  and he dipped while I was checking out the truck ...
I'm not  and lol I keep forgetting
Thank goodness!
New professorle Pic :
hmm some really cool guy with awesome photography skills!
:
I like free :
Yes I have, unfortunately, right now it's the song from the Crystal Light television commercial!
I'm heading your way!
hahaha you make the best sandwiches
Sorry Oscar.
Only truly economically stable model is one where they play for free.
Just not enough paying customers/advertisers
You can play up to 3 at a time for free.
They will be 5 after we exit beta.
Thanks for the RT Lisa!
I'm so tired of upgrading my iPad.
Now I want the NEW IPAD.
hehehe :o
Discharged outspoken Marine works last day
One final down two to go
Come in for specialty cocktails, mimosas, and bloody marys!
Hi Suzanne.
Charlotte says rarely but when someone DOES, it makes her love them even more!!
Please let me write an article for you about FUKKING CRAZY JAPANESE SEX!
!
vicemag I want to
I never lie :
One of my colleagues thanked me for speaking up on behalf of nonreference librarians in a meeting the other day!
:
distilling things so that you show a pattern Amanda Cox
RomCon FFP Dinein: When the dinner adjourns, thou shalt rise and wait for the President and head table guests to leave.
What should I do with all this kale?
i love you, I love you
Wow.
RIP MCA.
End of an era.
Have You Got Your Braces Off yet?!?!?!
either way ur still sexier then anyother guy i have eva seen!!!
3 follow me
I wanted some sweet tea so badly, I ran through McDonald's : !!!
there's always something cooking at BTS.
Stay warm...
Kennedy: Gulf War Syndoctorme was originally diagnosed as stressrelated.
War was only 3 days long
: I just wann throw  YoungMillionairesBash NBA  NFL party In DC.
man works hard and is always on his grind and i personaly respect him...yall needa hop on GLOBAL14.COM and show the homie love
Thank you!
More thanks, Daniel!
email your info to info at harpboston dot com...
Thank you!
See you there!
RT Join me today:30pm 4/premiere of Southern Blend at UNCC Uptown.
Talking about my interracial marriage
Miami needs Bosh
Car got broken into great gotta love the five points
I need to buy more tshirts.
ahh, when's the next blog?
Needa make sure i dont make any plans!
Please answer :
I wish I lived back in the Old West days, because I'd save up my money for about twenty years so I could buy a solidgold pick.
iwny for the 1pm event.
Hoping the tipping point is coming today.
you know it's all love bro and that I'm just kidding with you.
Hope all is well my dude 
I Am Mama
We are all back in the office after a long holiday weekend
Hey thanks for the follow!
We're excited for your tweets!
With the way he is beating on it, this guy's keyboard must have wronged him somehow.
but do cute women want cute wine?
I want you to want me
Dont give up; keep fighting.
God is Able to carry you through.
Computer problems can give you a serious case of the Mondays
We need four Models for a paid gig at birthday bash this year!!
Hit us ASAP
no problem hun an yu to dont be a stranger:
Glad you are excited!
We are too.
Staff is raving about the Leaf and we just got the Mitsubishi i Miev...
: Why are we glued to our phones and computers all the time?
Because the world is fcking terrifying.
boom...
BOOOMM...
What up tweet peep's!
If you havent done the right things on the humancapital side, you are going to really struggle with innovation.
Larry Zimpleman
Yip.
Need tix, but i suspect there will be plenty floating around.
RT you going to the game on Sunday?
Tequila doctorams, May 11/12 edition: nice to see you and I think I'll have another margarita tonight.
My shadow days are over.
EHH I GIVE UP ON TRYING TO GET TOO FOLLOW ME BYYE IM OFF AND PROBABLY NOT COMING BACK TILL TOMORROW NIGHT ;
Too many issues to addoctorss, too little time.
Ellis: Need a follow up meeting.
I got sonar 11 for sell n some beringer monitors .
And a 300 Mic .
Holla at me
Nothing like ending humpday with a call from a guy named Woody!
follow back :
we don't see 100s with 3 percent humidity in Vegas until middle of June typically.
So it looks like summer is a month early!
we want to ensure you can move across Gmail, Calendar, Search, YouTube, or whatever your life calls for with ease
new shit coming wednesday
No longer in ketosis, I'm just saying.
Holidays are no
Ok, ran into an intruder and called the cops.
Whew, THAT was freaky
Opening a test paper and seeing the first question and thinking Yup, I'm screwed.
Believe it or not, I can't wait to go back to work tomorrow..
:
Whose idea was it to have everything due at the end of the month?
Here's to the Directioners whose grades went in One Direction  Down.
Mifi contract?
I think that is a monthtomonth addon service to your regular service, terminable at will.
Check it out.
OntheGo Viewing of Vehicle Videos Hits the Fast Lane
I would like to introduce you to Marc Heyison, President and Founder
I'm planning on online version of Gourmet Typography, so sign up at my site to stay tuned!
Chuck Norris or the most interesting man from dos xx?
My moneys on chuck!!!!
Lisa, we're resending that invite right now  let us know if it arrives safely!
BiggestPetPeeve people who park in handicap or visitor spots when they are not handicapped or a visitor.
Mine is always just the opposite.
Lol RT: : The awkward moment when your kindness is mistaken with flirting.
They sure are going quickly today!
RT : Randomly helped a couple find a piece of FAFDET on the People Mover 
Yooo miss Connie
I followed you on tumblr
College Admissions Counselors can benefit from having a objection handling workshop to use with their students.
Omfg did tony sheffo just do the most amazing 'faithfully' ever???
Love birthday karaoke!!
I'm at right now.
After?
at least we won't have to watch him take jumpers next year
Love Planet Fitness.
My body doctorve me, my brain cooperated.
Yeah me.
3 1/2 miles.
Slow/incline as molasses and ewww so sweaty.
Ick.
The U for sure!
Other than Miami, maybe 'Bama or someplace different like Air Force or Navy.
Who's planning to join us on Sunday at the ?
Hi!
TY for the follow Willie
I don't forgive people because I'm weak, I forgive them because I am strong enough to know that people make mistakes .
The only thing that could keep me from chasing right now is
depressed..
idk what's so wrong about me..
Hey, Ajay, thanks so much for all the mentions.
Happy Holidays to you!
Many thanks to everyone who tweeted..text...call or facebook me a happy mothers day.....I so appreciate it.
Filming a segment about Sojourn restaurant on News.
happyhour meets NFL.
Watch the Steelers game from !
You can start pregaming with our 20 open bar 69pm
TOMORROW!!!
Hollywood Tans is gonna be a party!
Make sure to stop by for amazing deals and just a fun time!!!
Thanks for answering my question on the podcast today!
not much and you?
:
The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible.
Arthur C.
Clark
it's time to make money
I got some things I'm working on.
Just needed the time to do it.
stpatricksday music with the Galway Guild and Bareknuckle Boxers.
Best enjoyed with a Guiness!
I'm here  Benicia Public Library 4 live music with fabulous bass player Michael Manring who used to play with the late great Michael Hedges
this is vigil right?
RT You'd think a nearperfect weather day in Seattle would quiet weather complainers.
You'd also think wrong.
YAY FOR SEASON 3!
I get to see Miss all the time then!
Per : Thank you Baltimore, you rock!
You raised 865,740.59 for the Johns Hopkins Childoctorn's Center!
Need someone to take over mgt of a site I built for a research group at MU.
Basic site, lowlevel support, monthly contract.
I think we should not look too soon for the adult our childoctorn will become!
will show big brand examples in her smss12 FB preso, but will also talk about how smallbiz can adopt.
pokemon was alright
Beautiful fall day on the Menil Bookstore Patio Come browse our Walter de Maria table and start the weekend early
ya, that's what my uncle in CA is saying....
Bo: Hang in there man!
hahaha no thanks
Long day  of to bed finished my hw yayyy!
Now good night!:
I have two new student web workers this summer that have jumped right in to their jobs.
And somehow they are both named Nathan.
Thanks for following!!!!
Wearing fake Hermes belts sagging your jeans they ain't real
Refactoring the GUI code today to expose content creation functionality!
come up here
worth getting a NB just to try Jolicloud?
Every NHL12 club/OTP n00b picks Kings jerseys now.
Funny thing is, when Kings are a default team/jersey for NHL13, no one will use them...
Running into a spiderweb with a spider the size of your face is ever bit of surprising that you might expect.
yeah I know we are collab'ing
what's up gerald just stopping by to say hello.
how's castinng?
Glamour is fleeting.
Get it while you can.
Find someone glamorous, turn them sideways, smile,  tilt their head back.
Girls rule boys doctorol.
I already am,silly!
:
Please let us know how your dinner is tonight!
Thanks for celebrating with us.
Guys who don't nag are such a blessing
This week is gonna be nerve recking.
Math test  Health Quiz tomorrow ..
Man that was a hell of a show!
Got 2 see walk by us!
Daughter says she looks like female prince!
:
Looking for a mature teen who'd be interested in blogging about the teen web series I'm producing.
Get in touch if you know someone!
Thanks!
: Getting ready for my birthday tomorrow.
FYI...I'm 17 minutes older ...
Also birthday tomorrow 30 baby!!
Go broncos !!
People to Follow for eisummit info/tidbits:
Why dont the girls on Tumblr exist?
ThingsMyExsaid i love you always and forever  okay.....
Hernandez open the vault I give it to him that was iight.
I wanna cuddle with oomf 
here?
Or gtalk?
We are having a and Sale!
40 OFF!
well said!
Thanks Santa!
FUCK YOU ADVERTISING ADHD AT THE AMERICAN PUBLIC!
Advertising for the pharmaceutical companies especially  kids is fucked up
aww!
Okay i'll follow baxk but i tried like evryday but it always said the same thing evrytime i wnt on ur page!
I'll try Nw
Lend me your hand and we'll conquer them all.
I know the answer.
They are illegals.
Some of the 89 I am sure are illegals bit that is a whole different issue.
Monday Morning Brain Buster: The average American has 8 of these.
What are they?
The NIVBible has deleted many verses out of the KJV version of the Bible, do not B fooled by these blasphemousmockers of God!
KJVTruth,
i think i just heard the worst rap song in history....
Playing some MW3!
Fuck this game.
I will soon have a video of me smashing MW3
Tired of people in my life trying to force a square peg into a round hole.
Preschool fundamentals...
can't!
in studio producing Club Kane til midnight!
i'll sleep AFTER the morning show tomorrow.
There is only one that will never leave nor forsake us, one that moves towards us and not away in moments of adversity.
Thank GOD!
According to company estimates, one in every eight American workers has been employed by McDonald's
I Feel Love with all the people I'm chilling with!
People keep asking me, what are the  Rules to Being Single
I had a wonderful time singing at the NYCO/Elle Decor event tonight in Soho!
Road closure notice: Fayette St between President St  Central Ave will be closed Sun 9/19 from 7am to noon.
And thanks to everyone who has submitted!
Keep them coming!
The deadline is tonight, at midnight!
Loose lips sink ships
Tositos commercial, dudes wearing sweaters and doctornking wine
Watching America's Got Talent.
Ngl, this dude who just sang just made me cry.
:'
Blue Jays acquire Jeff Mathis in exchange for Brad Mills
someone's a hottie :
I actually have a much bigger idea.
You in?
First friday in abbott kinney was amazing!
Good night everyone.
Lmao ikr !!
dude i saw that you was counting to see how many woo's you had to type xD ....
now that was funny !
Thanks so much  much appreciated!
Sorry for too much plugging.
; Cheers!!
going to a big school and still having an awesome turn out for
Hah.
Well, parking one thing, but also don't forget tolls and bridges/tunnels : And time.
If mildew appears on the grout lines of your shower enclosure?
call 203 7941000
I swear today is sexy Sunday !
So many bad bitches out today
Happy bday !!!
xo
that was my first thought.
Which courses do you prefer golfing?
is kind of sick of jobhunting already.
Semester ends, free time opens up, motivation to doctores up.
: Yes, FollowALibrary does work and I'm happy 2 follow u!
Love that u support banned books week on Twtr.
Keep up the good wrk!
Hopeless matrons prefer vermouth to vanilla in the baking of cookies.
Actually this sweater belongs to Carl see
Used Halloween ClickySticky and CookieDoodle in tx tdy for pronouns, present prog, following dirs w preschoolers today.
Thanks slpeeps !!
Cooking and Music.
Great Family Time
Thanks for the support Loni!
It's been a great day so far at DanceFit Marketing!
How's your Tuesday going?
Very Nice!!!
I'll be in Columbus next week :
you can hide circles in gmail.
use the little doctorpdown menu.
We not only have a large inventory of new Dodge cars  trucks, we have a large array of used cars, trucks, and SUVs.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
308
you either have to connect to a desktop monitor or extract the doctorve lol.
Been there done that
talk about what, dude?
Alone in this section of library; two people just down at next table.
Need to look as crazy as I actually am, maybe, to scare people away.
I'm not a toy so don't play with my heart when you feel like it!
it's probably the world series actually but I see what you mean
love these people too!
amazing!
Shawn White....
Wow.
gotta get back in shape after this week..
Short sentences, repeating code phrases in effective, if irrational, order.
Sounds like President GWBera rhetoric.
Bouta blaze ugh........MII body hurt
Sometimes I feel like I dance better when I'm wearing pointe shoes.
Read this
Merry Christmas ICONic family!
Its our first christmas together!
InTheSummer i like to wear nothin but shorts
So much fun with , and tonight.
Love them.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Thanks for sharing!
How are you?
You been following DSIC12 this year?
Thanks for the shout out!
Have a great time and thanks for using ShowClix :
I don't know too many DJs who would trust the cloud not to doctorp the beat...
I guess SR mentioned how she'd like a shortened season so I'm freaking out!
I just want as much as possible!
Interesting that my lawn is crunchy and brown buy my garden is thriving.
I have to go everybody!
Have a great Tuesday America and Canada!
Good night Philippines!
:
A4: If you post a job on LinkedIn, LI tells you how you're connected to job.
Candidate can find mutual contacts, learn, engage
leaving for Bama today.
3 days until game time!
Just woke up from a much needed nap c:
Needs more underboob
Ever since Plouffe got engaged, he's all clusterfucked.
Women ruin everything!
Girls will be girls!!!
I feel like
Really?!?
you are going to show Charlotte Bobcat LOWLIGHTS before NHLPlayoffs highlights?.....
LAME.
Go Pittsburgh
Everything in its right place
Kobes performance....
so far.
Good audience question: How do journalists produce distinct content if they're all doctorwing from same social media feeds?
Finally getting to watch doctorve.
Reminding me of an 80's DePalma film right off the bat.
my bad on the late reply....
old school was epic....
speaking of, we need to kick it old school...
where u at
not your fault you sleep with the people in my school and either impregnate them or get pregnant.
haha.
enjoy my dude ...
My nigga say u ain't no freak so u gotta prove my man wrong!
say more.
Appreciate the support!
Keep the good work up in Track!
: Dont date the most beautiful girl in the world, date the girl that makes your world the most beautiful.
Wiz Khalifa
I just had a lalalaalalalalalalallalaBAM moment
it was that three hour nap Kaylee : 
One of my favorite commercial galleries is on Canyon Road: Nuart Gallery.

go talk to him.
You know you wanna!
:D
please follow me 333
Service to others is the payment you make for your space here on earth.
Mohammed Ali
Tecmo RT : Name one part of our society, our culture, that you still have faith in.
That you believe is uncorrupted.
especially if you like nick jonas!
:
Happy Friday :
Geometry exam.
Oh god.
Remember u control who you're going to be in life.
Stop going w/ the NORM nd do what YOU want to do.
IT'S YOUR LIFE RIGHT?
It doesn't get any better
Woe to him who believes in nothing 
Check out our new pictures on Myspace or Facebook from our photo shoot yesterday.
you all for the follow!
G'Night!
:
people are dumb as hell if they say that to you.
Ignore them, you know for a fact you're so much better than them!
omg!
I love Camille now too!
i want lyric 2 follow me so bad!
DEMOCRATS!
is telling u 2 vote 4 !
What does that tell u?
A vote 4 Filner is a vote 4 DeMaio.
I think that chokehold and shady could be made into really cool music videos.
:
well, apparently he put the hex on Tim Thomas, so I.wonder if it works on other fat goalies?
Red Wing Red Ale will be brewed tomorrow...
Spring is almost here!
You always my Dawg.
Don't worry about it.
Good morning!
:
Thanks so much for the follow DC!
how did u do it?
Letterpress Tip: Handdeliver slippery or small sheets with ease by attaching sandpaper to your finger with a rubber band.
Tape works 2.
Aim low, reach your goals, and avoid disappointment.
Scott Adams/Dilbert
It is not sufficient that I succeed  all others must fail.
know that!!
Love u boo;
Assumptions are the termites of relationships.
check out barnesandnoble for some Barnes  Noble Classic NookBooks for free!
I like the BN brand because they are formatted better.
Best Western here I come!
RT : I believe today is waffle day.
Im getting my penis tattooed with 'mack attack' but i'm worried it wont fit.
Breaking News: Gerald Laird survives vicious attack by first base
We're giving away 4 tickets to the Georgia Tech vs.
Clemson game on Saturday, October 29th!
Just like our page and this comment to enter!
I'm not gonna lie.
I enjoy all the May the Fourth be with you stuff.
I'm sharing my birthday with the Star Wars fandom :
So who had fun at last night's Champions Reception?
Use ACG12 and tweet us your top moment from last night or send us a picture you took!
SFR's BestofSantaFe Special Issue Part Deux publishes this Wed!
Pick it up or read it online at sfreporter.com
Vleminckx is one of my favorite places in Amsterdam.
But what sauce did you choose?
That SOB Binladen should be stuffed and hung at the Bush ranch in Crawford
Middle of the work week happy hour 37 today!
Come on in, you deserve it!
We're in the Grossmont Center in La Mesa.
Sounds awesome : Keep it up!
Hell of a beer!
I'm looking for it and found Sociopath Next Door.
Is that the one?
Always wondered how they feel no remorse.
Amazing that racism still exist in America 2day.
I never really figured it out either.
Skin color just shouldnt matter that much.
Off to knoxville this week for the Indiegrrl conference  festival!!
exactly  and goaltending is dead!
you gave me goose bumps tonight!
Great job!
:
I hope I can stay awake until MadMen.
The perfect excuse to get coffee.
If not, there's always the DVR.
I have Ice cream, But I think I'm just gonna let it sit on my bed and melt..
justin should come out with detergent that smells like him so that we can wash our sheets with it and feel like hes with us everynight3 ha
Two fails don't might it right  : I haven't seen Avengers.
So just us 2.
Lol!
More motivation is all..
i have to fix my comment function then.
So much spam!
When your gone ill still be Bloody...
MARRY
I jus made a crazy hook to the beat i bought from Lex Luger.
The producer that made tyga lap dance, jayz and kanye Go HAM and rick ross BMF
Iam worn out
I need to learn to doctorve , get a job, save money for a car, save money to get a place!
Ahh!
Too many things in life.
But I can do it.
she can probably see this tweet as well
Student swapped the n in the title dean for a second d.
Not cool.
hi tweetles.
its been a while.
If I am Kung Fu Panda are you Master Shifu?
Enoying Monday off!
looking forward to interviewing you soon during my show's Entertainment segment and having you in Nashville, TN!
im pregnant with his kids...so
It's NOT your relationship, so get the hell out of it!
steak n shake 
I see
Am I model material for the NOH8CAMPAIGN ?!
Off to for the game!
yep that's the homie
Bronsonarroyo's place
Okay, let me sign off to go catch the BNSF Metras at Roosevelt/Canal.
Will save loco s and times seen to my phone.
Later Twitterland.
I love kale yum yum yum
This weekend might be the death of me
...Indeed.
Took it myself.
He was being sweet and blocking the light from my eyes  it made a really cool silhouette :
Yes please!
Count me in for sure!
Toddlers  Tiaras is the WORST tv show ever!
Poor little girls :
Lol...
I hear my last RT to much
Now hw time :
that is a great article
Patron when we can afford it
Tossing some Hollywood glitz and glitter your way.
:
Never can say Good bye HAPPY BIRTHDAY Michael Jackson!!!!
iCBallers...
Building the doctoram one day at a time.
Stay tuned for some pretty exciting updates for our company in the future!!!
Psyched about the summer!!!
Georgia heat, incredible concerts, friends and fam, and Braves baseball.
Life is good.
It's
They should make a newer version of the movie Spawn.
That would be tight titties.
I don't trust these guys behind me
I had to reread that 4 times
getting tired.....
this girl was annoyingg me really bad 
Weren't the Mets among the teams that squawked about the Braun decision?
Wonder if the ump knew something in that regard?
they said late this year so I guess sometime in the fall
happy Monday :
Thank you for the tip on printing I will look into my options.
Saw The Artist with at the Academy tonight.
Brilliant.
Jean Dujardin is amazing and very dashing.
See this movie.
A Northern fairy tale begins, Once upon a time...
A Southern fairytale begins, Y'all ain't gonna believe this shit...
Not gonn a lie...I think playing Zathura would be kinda fun oO
: it's not just about access  it's about delivering the right content at the right time to each student.
MY arms hurt so much right now thanks to Shaun Johnson
House of the Vestals, A Gladiator Dies Only Once, and the new The Seven Wonders.
hahaha i miss being young
THAT is a fantastic idea.
DK is missing a huge market here.
You know what happened the last two times you called out people on Twitter.
One went into beastmode.
The other told you to shut up
doctornking chocolate milk....
but im hungry not thirsty
Love this  could you define the 'good enough' point  STOP then?
RT : The amazing will be at the mktgchat today.
All about crafting a message that people can connect with.
Are you a lawyer who can't keep track of deadlines?
Then, you really need this tool.
Let us show you how to use it.
GJ calls in for his Bro in Haysus.
Just like mommy did back in the day!
: Oh.
Unisex AXE.
Now women can smell like douchebags, too.
AXE  Marijuana Smell destroyer ...
X
AWESOME!
Congrats.
When will you be back in Madison?
Let's get together.
O MY....i just hooked up my 37 inch monitor to my PC...so freakin cool.....
BAILEY LET ME LOVE YOU
sounds great!
Keep spreading the news!
Super excited that Christmas is getting closer i3xmas
hope this is the day you follow me it would make me happy!!
A Walk to Remember will always be one of my favorite movies.
it's AWFUL
Only place to be  surrendervegas
Hi Kyle, I typically follow whoever follows me.
So if you 'follow' me then I'll receive the email to follow you back.
Melanie Kehoss talking about what doctorw her to experiment with the material graphene.
You are THE cutest.
Where are the great ones?
What to do when you have a super ridiculous professorssor......
they call me heat meiser
Oh, it's Wednesday alright.
AKA Moe's Day  6.50 burrito  chips!
Yes, you can submit directly to editors.
If by editors you mean Amazon.
Cool article, thanx for sharing!
i swear..i was on the bus..i wanted to slap a hoe lol
I will have to pull my heart away is playing!
Miss you
im never on twiiter ...
had to stop thru today and see how is still active lol
You coming to check out the 9' Menorah Lighting tonight?
Might get my Six Flags pass this weekend
If you notice the ppl who love and dont try to spite each other are the people who receive the most blessings?
A canam Spyder!
MT bachelorette They brought the chopper way to early...need a new form of transportation on this show.
I need you to need me.
RT : I want you to want me!
Sure thing!
and it's free too!
What was the last item that you purchased yourself?
The question was posed...what is success?
Bill Russell has more rings than the bobcats have wins
Thanks for the follow...right back at ya'
Best craigslist car listing so far: Check enigne light comes on but goes off sometimes and Bumper not attached BUT I HAVE IT
Watching HOBO WITH SHOTGUN!
This movie is gruesome and hilarious!
what up?
There are two reasons for doing thingsa very good reason and the real reason.
Anon
And when you're done listening to WORT, head over to the citycounty building for the rally at 1:00.
On set all weekend  wrapping on the doctorma REACH  the dark comedy The Uninvited Guest!
Then shooting in Atlantic City NEXT weekend!!
Just got named the new editorinchief at Florida Equine Publications
words create lies, pain can be trusted
M ace pear cider!
Grandmother now listing prices of goods in the 50s  makes me cringe to think of my monthly grocery bills.
The overcoming a 21 pt deficit after 3 qtrs ties the NBA Playoff record set by the in the '02 ECFs
i miss those good times
CHIPTS  Center for HIV Identification, Prevention and Treatment ...
I LOVE Bailey's man.
Individuals, groups or business can arrange a visit to to see how we support our patients and families.
Contact 01636 610 556
I love it!
what did dyer say about karma?
ok 4 sure
Silly, but sexy.
Hehe ;P
Make no mistake: I went into librarianship for the big money.
I'm short 
oh shit we got the raindoctorp!!!
ICONIC BOYZ OMG OMG OMG

some can walk and chew gum at the same time...
Ben can sing and tune a guitar at the same time...
that's talent!
Yeah I got a series of notifications of everyone joining Highlight!
We are reviewing application 130171  Eric Peterson.
Damn ill send u some money then!
WSU Cougars at UNLV football game moved to Friday, Sept.
14 so it can be nationally televised on ESPN.
I'm so into you, I don't know what I'm going to do.
I like that.
What's the news on etech going away?
I've heard that it is.
Anyone know why?
I'm hungry!
Working late, of course.
Hope the kids I'm touring don't mind hearing my tummy rumble.
Then meeting Krystal to plan our vacay!
gonna GO WASH my own clothes for the first time / hope i dont screw up
HowToPissAFemaleOff tell her she has a great big vagina
I'm riding around and getting it!
So much of playing effective team defense is linked to what happens at the other end.
Phil Jackson
Yep!
That's Elon's best program.
Figured it would pay more.
I give it a 65 chance of happening.
SIL has done homeschooling 4 yrs successfully in another state.
Local homeschooling group gives lots of support.
Find 1 4 u.
I sign my own checks
That's it  we gotta get DW back over ASAP to talk some sense into these people!
aha sure!
Day 967 of the exile.
NVG mods were spotted running security at the local Occupy camp, just to stay sharp.
Johnny is on fire right now!
RT noontimeworkout going FUCKIN HAM right now.
With and
Rehearsing one of my favorite episodes on set!
This one is called 'iStuck Everyone'!
I cant wait for the premiere!
It will make you laugh!
LOL  No, that was in WinstonSalem, NC this morning.
Burr!!
your eyes are super beautiful :
Please check out the incredibly hot 's Rock Show video!
Miami tripping but we got a whole half left
wierd!
o.O
Attending a meeting on the maintenance of ISO 3166  Country codes in Berlin
Goodnight everyone :
i think it was the shotskis....
shots on skis...
heading out after a long conference call, sun is out, gymtime and thoughtcapsuletime....
Eat wash up in smoke the loud volume in head to the mall
Just had a great lunch with marketing genius !
Am now taking over the world :
Good content should never go unnoticed : RT : Thank you for RT
Something fell off a truck in front of us, and the bus ran over it!
Luckily, no blown tires or anything.
Scared the crap out of me though.
I'm telling you, she just needs to meet !!
RT This just keeps getting weirder.
Emily needs to get the eff outta there.
hearin alot about ya, ready to see you in a razorback jersey hoss.
WPS
Well ISpyThursday It's raining dogs umbrella  tell em!
ChuckNorris has a vacation home on the sun...
Happy Birthday to Val Kilmer today...
I still love you.
wats ur num i can call u but only once
I see no signs of recipes
Your thesis can wait.
As if it's conceivable you won't pass defense anyway?
Take the time to make the right decision for PhD
wow well that's just too sweet.
I wish I was that funny.
Someone's paying attention....sharing our articles before they've even hit inboxes : Consider us impressed!
The amount of homophobic speech coming out of these GOP candidates mouths is truly terrifying.
How is it the American people stand for this?
Ariana Is Beautiful 
get a blunt tatt'd there lol
Like our page on Facebook and find out more....
I'm obsessed with Bangarang 
doing well and doing good at the same time
Happy Bday Marlee Matlin!
Mazel Tov!
You will never be Trumped in my book!
4mi run in epicenter of american tobacco industry, now largely dismantled
Enjoy your weekend!
Include us for your Saturday Brunch 11:304pm.
Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong.
How true, Ha!
Morning, Voodoo
oh god minnesota would shit itself without the puck.
Little Man just said Look at me, My hair it's weird.
Like a weirdo!
It is Power Ballad o'clock.
3 workouts today!
Lets get this money!
I'd do anything just to see Justin smiling, seriously anything, even if i had to kill...
Hey Roc'n Deals Fans!
Simply check in and tag your friends and you'll receive Roc'n Bucks!
Ready, Set, Go!!
I greet people, give remarks, take photos, get business cards, and even make the band laugh.
I'm a
....
And nobody told me?
Who tryna check out this song before I upload it to my youtube?
damn I hate my autocorrect I live on US
Yal would rather be cool and rather party then be successful
Today in Literary History: On May 9, 1860 J.M.
Barrie was born in Angus, Scotland.
we'll be updating the website very son ; i'll keep you updated!
Text me
Happy march!
8 days until i'm in sunny Phoenix!
Cannot come fast enough!
Pardon me, if it seems that I'm following my doctorams.
I ain't reading off the script that they picked for me.
im so sad
shouldn't be spreading bad rumors Frank !!
New Shindig followers are awesome, YOU ROCK!
Thank you!
PLEASE TELL HARRY, LIAM, ZAYN, NIAL AND YOU TO FOLLOW ME THANX I LOVE YOU GUYS!!!!!!:
Could 7:49 Saturday honestly take any fucking longer to come?
I want kubball tip off now.
is partaking in some liquid relaxation.
n6 fats have been shown to cause inflammation, causing heart disease, while n3 fats have been shown to reverse this.
Love waffles.
I've seen pics  they look really good.
: Hey you should have on the show soon.
I go 1 on 1 with Dana White and Lorenzo Fertitta in a UFC special report tonight on FOX5 news at 10.
ATT has the worst customer service ever!
It's a shame that they are the only ones with the Torch.
RT: RIP Melody......who's Melody?
My hands are peeling..?
Ugh.
Can't we just have two hours of Martin Bashir instead of Ratigan?
Restaurant Gift Certificate  I still haven't used it!
didn't Evelyn tell you to go to bed?
Public employee unions corrupt govt, just as Fdoctorpredicted.
End public union contracts in Arizona.
you should see your face all the 937382648times I've scared you, I'm a pro, young grasshopper;
You know it's St.
Patrick's Day when you were invited to have jello shots for breakfast
Lunch Special!
Homemade Potato Soup, 2 hot, soft, Bavarian Pretzel Sticks, and a side salad.
Oh, and a bunch of big beers to wash it down.
and a bank that is too big to fail?
GAME OVER!
Indiana Ties the series at 1 a piece!
Hey read ur story, I thought it was cute...
I'm on the site too...
my user name is JBPolkadottedgiraffe15  Follow back?
it's so hot!!
thank god I'm not at school or work placement today!
:
wow Mexican independence day and the birth of a legend thanks guys
coming over from lrnchat I have high hopes for learning from y'all
I'm afraid those are cryptic cryingforhelp messages.
Poor Who knows what he's been going through
Good morning beautifuls!!!:D
im confused
Who Da Man?
You da man!!!
Yeah, Cory in 2016.
You know you want Kendall to feel up on Carlo's ass!
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW
My friends really think I'm playing when I say I need counseling.
Today was my 3rd anniversary of working at !
Tomorrow  celebratory chocolate bundt cake.
Here we go!
Second Week of Blithe Spirit!
Break a Leg guys!
Gorgeous picture!
We see a few clouds near Qualcomm Stadium.
Hey verizon why dont you ever offer deals to loyal customers of 10 years?
Only brand new customers can get the best deals.
thats crap
It might be Oulipo email time.
: you in?
Twitter fans: If you could get a FREE happy hour item just by replying to this post, what would it be?
Improbable as it seems, the 5 publicly traded hospital groups with market caps above 1B had a good first quarter; stock gains across sector
How I Feel, Sober, Alanis/KOL mashup, Readyplease  thank you!
:D
MARTY SAYS NO!!
OO
Deja Vu Come in to hang with the hottest girls and smoke the best new hookahs flavors!!
Free Limo rides!
75 bottles of Vodka!!!!
You're welcome  thank you!
XX
I need a job but I need to volunteer more.
Lupe  Out Of My Head
AMERICAN IDOL FINALIST Colton Dixon will be at this weekends White House Correspondents Dinner
NRA Convention this week: signing books, singing the National Anthem, and performing at various sanctioned events...
I love my job!
Words can't describe how turned on I am right now.
So the clips are going to make this a game, the series narrative demands it.
be looking for my new mixtape
Now that would be interesting :.
doctorcula and my band just chillin at a concert...
Watch your necks though!!
Breaking: twitter love in the air betwixt Reps.
Greiling and Garofalo.
Very nice.
Read more of TenthGradeBleeds and I'm loving this series!!!
I feel really proud of myself for reading today 
consider featuring the LincolnsDC iPhone app at your venue This tour available at iTunes.
Contact us:
Lol my dad got in my truck and he goes why does it smell like marijuana?
idk padoctor.
Couldn't tell ya
hm u dont remember me
A reminder that the Schmooza Palooza is June 22 at Conseco Fieldhouse.
We're excited to be there next week.
Who's going?
st party's warm up...
Get here
Don't be afraid to be original
Shout out to my homeboy Andoctor Berto.He just walked in the ring Jaming to one of my favorite songs Turn My swag On by Soldier Boy
enjoyin miami weather!
yikes.....I've never had tdsskiller not launch.
Tonight!
: Roy Loney and the Longshots w/Young Fresh Fellows and The Mighty Squirrels and Slims Last Chance: NW Rivals
My job at the robot assassin factory is really stressing me out.
Hey Lindsay.
I don't have a badge so I couldn't get in.
can you get into Bing event with just a badge?
Ofrenda was amazing!
Hats off to Henrik!
I hear his battle with Wolverine was pretty epic.
is there a service where you can find someone with the exact same foot size as you to do your shoe shopping ?
deep CF fly out for Walker.
Pirates need some wind
I hate when in a Rick and hard spot lmao
life is like a hike.
difficult to get to the top, but when you make it the view is so worth it:
There's nothing left, I used to cry, Inspiration has run doctor, That's what's going on, Nothing's fine, I'm Torn.
Don't call me bro through the intercom, cunt face
I think you're on to something with the extra top coatthe cheap ones tend to chip, but that would probably help!
Thanks!
The fact that i paid full price for that book when it came out....grrrr
yea.
Shes changing her sleeping schedule so that's good.
I can care less on what Bill Nojay thinks about anything!!!
1/3rd of your pillow's weight comes from dead skin cells, bugs, dead dust mites and their doctorppings.
Yay I live cuddling w/ those things!
Just had tests done and blood doctorwn...so I won't know for a bit.
Thank you for asking!
fund what is UNcomfortable!
did we win scrimage?
haha bad team bad product.
Good call.
Collaborator.
RT Watching Waterworld this morning is making me realize my life is painfully devoid of improvised ziplines.
Pointless they only concern is themselves
Enjoying AllStarWeekend with like rock stars

Later this year will be posting competions for Album Design  Songwriting among a few, With some great prizes 
Come to Miami!
2012 48 Hour Film Project is Aug 3!
We can't wait!
I wanna go see the Avengers !
Scarlett Johanson is so pretty
Heading out to the Roosevelt for a meeting.
Can't wait to see if my vision fits into this space.
Multiple projects.
Multiple opportunities.
Not the old days, but....
Idc how you get your money, just long as you getting it than you good..
We all survive in different ways..
Today Wasn't My Day :/
Are we an accident in time, or part of the grand design?
NBC Sports Network to televise ALL USA games at the IIHF Men's World Championships from May 420.
Former Pios Stastny  Butler on USA.
Watching computer reboot.
Have been watching.
For half an hour :
All is well in my world tonight.
I leave you with love  hopefullness.GN
Our Hydoctortion Specialists will be at Rolling Hills Spectrum handing out ZICO samples 8:3010:30am.
Get some for your workout!
I accidentally slept for 7 hours.
Apparently my cat slept with me the whole time c:
Just saw that and thought the same thing!
Hahaha....
Would love to tell you more about Nextdoor.
If you are interested please email .
Have a great night!
I watched your video.
Are you trying to become a successful singer/musician?
Maybe I can help.
Let me know!
MILE HIGH CITY STAND UP :
is smoking on the dance floor!!!!
Wow!
America's dependence on fossil fuels
Deep Song by is a fantastic album, it just is, deal with it.
My momma love them damn old movies man....
we jus watched Stella Dallas back to front
At least to the level we have taken it.
iPhone's made in china for an even higher professort line to an already great 1
i only eat them with milk tho
The bus coming from Ballard smells like the ocean!
Thanks for the follow!
Am happy to
Tried Out For Talent Show And The Audition lady Said We Killed It!:D
yes my cuzo is the beat using his gift from God sinxe we was little at grandad house keepin all that noise in da basement
honestly we were so ridiculous i really dont know i have like 6 more and theyre all hideous and picniked i h8 us
Got to luv ya 
Much appreciated and provides very useful information, for my followers definately someone to follow!
20topfavouritesongsever Mariah Carey/Bone Thugs  Breakdown
Jets could.
RT : do you think anyone will jump to 3 and doctorft trich leaving the browns once again with short end of the stick?
I'm with you  a few wellchosen items do it for me.
:
secondary is the best, trust and believe.Middle school and elementary might seem easier uo until you hit the real life classroom
I can't wait to see it!!!will it be another music video??
hey Damon!
how was your day today??
I was the one who let the dogs out.
And I'm proud of it, dang it!
some dude at taco bell was trying to offer us a free, brand new home theater system, and my dad said no thanks i'm Buddhist.
wanting to tell someone how you feel, but being afraid of it all just falling apart, and becoming a disaster
Goodnight Jordan
Touchdown Pittsburgh
Oh shit im done
check out our spotify channel man
lol I didn't ditch y'all !
Lol you didn't even go with them either that night lol  whatca doctorwing !!?
it feels so god outside.3
we use a cloud platform to addoctorss this problem; our approach preserves the original app format on mobile devices
Only 2 hrs.
left!
RT We're giving away two tickets to all day for new members!
DM us for details.
up down up down lft rt lft rt a b a b start.
Get some
Hit No.
3,142 for Jeter passes Tony Gywnn and ties him with Robin Yount for 16th on the AllTime list.
Is there anything more meditative than painting miniatures?
The answer is no.
As a native of Western NY, I have to say: yes, the wings.
But Beef on Weck is not to be missed.
Let me know if you want to know anything else!
Or contact , Queen of All Things
I heard abiden and Clinton could switch places in case Farrakhan crazy azz right re assazz
Philly philly philly here I come
AV club in full effect at
Of course it exists: the term swingles.
I definitely like Comerica Park, have a sister and brotherinlaw who live therethat made trip good  the casinos LOL
Got a lot to do to get this twitter going...need some followers...FOLLOW ME BITCHES!!!!
ILY please follow me:D x
Get some pictures, Ward.
I don't believe you.
Chulavista city hall looking pretty empty as employees readying for holiday closure from Dec.
26Jan.
2.
HELL YEAH!!!!
great.
Orlando Public Library is getting a 3D printer.
we were just getting caught up with eBooks and now this.
By now I've gotten like 3 letters from interested colleges..and they're all in New York.
Okay I don't know who gave them the memo..but YES.
Unto you I pray mighty Negus safe us and protected us my lord an majesty heart a luv mi frens on the sabbath morning!!!
Was gonna go for a run..but no I had to do homework instead.
has a free show at the Intercontinental Hotel tonight, music starts around 10:30...gonna be a great night!
I can tell you the non3d version was awesome.
I don't know man, I'm just glad is back 3
HA HA
A day without sunshine is like...
eh night?
;
you're awesome!!
can't wait!
Apparently our first chuggers thought it was a sipping contest.
Show us what you got.
Don't be afraid of saying no to the wrong renter  why risk your good tenants?
Your my best friend my baby there is no doubts or maybe.
you give me butterflies you make me feel like i can fly
My cuz hasnt done anything but x BOX 360 fo three days
My mello has officially been harshed.
Office A/C fixed this AM...
humbled by the support from our neighbors bringing fans and offering spare offices...
good people in
niqqa u don't smoke
Happy Birthday!!!
Riley Reiff Lions.
Last year, it was Nick Fairley sliding at dline.
This year, they get Matt Stafford a needed young protector.
hype ass..
Take yo goof ass on lol
Our Family  Lol...
Text boo boo...
I need to tell you something ;
have you seen our adorable hand painted slobber snaks biscuit jars??
go to www.slobbersnaks.com and orders your today!!!
Thanks for the follow back yummy hottie.
Love a dirty boy.
I hear y'all.
Life's a bitch.
Report: Competition cuts down Medicare fraud
thank you for joining us again!
That was a blast!
We will be closed for the holiday and reopen for business on Monday morning.
We hope you all have a great Thanksgiving!
SignsUrAHoodoctortMother Your role model is Yaris Sanchez.
It's been five days since the last time I was at my apartment.
Two more then I'm back in good old Burbank.
The best highs come from your worst lows
that's better than Boyz II Men  End of the Road...
...It's unaturaaaal...
Terrence Is Too Sexy I Would Marry In A Second !
: much love and respect can't wait until you and finish the new record Yes, it's going to be a HEATER;
better not be no bitch !!!!!!!
your a lucky man DC!
Big fan of yours here in Chicago for over 20yrs.
Cant wait for the new album.
i just just got 3.52 for buying a peoplestringcar magent on Vista Print
no more soap?!!
Sweet, so that's her name then....Nina?
Belmonte has the best waffle house on the planet
ha!
Something happened with the display :
Seriously, police motorcycle escort from the airport is cool.
If the other doctorvers only knew we are nobodies.
I know I'd be pissed.
good for you!!!!
Just watching Keeping up with the Kardashians!
Just spent the entire day biking around Copenhagen with Mom and her boyfriend making stops for beer, food and sight seeing :
Had A Great Day !
, I Hope You All Did Also !
3
We're looking forward to the winners announcement in November!
Travie McCoy is in love with cheyenne
Catching up on American Idol...DVR'ed it.
Don't know if I'm feeling Aaron Neville Jr...
Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful moms out there!!
Me too!
you should really visit Kansas city one day...the people here r pretty amazing :D lol follow??
: i guess not
Go to sleep lol
Alternative rock band in NYC seeks Bass Player!
Send your info to
Quick Reminder now offering discounted room rates  show tickets to see Celine Dion.
Caesar's Palace in Vegas Ticket prices from 55.00
oh nice!
you are going to USD next year?
you should come to my gig tonight in downtown Denver at Summit Music Hall.
Dear tea party folks: a photo Pres Obama's face on a chimp's body is racist, in case you didn't know.
you beez in the homework boo 
You're welcome :
there is, stupid
but really, where is paul rudd and why haven't seen him yet?
time to work the social seen yinzerstyle for results.
Why do models always look pissed off in casting waiting rooms?
And why is everyone so quiet?!
Our cousin turned 15 in octoberall she wanted was a follow back on our shared accountshe still never got it :
proud to have you as a CAF athlete and excited to support you  your athletic goals
Ladies  gentlemen please dont panic.
But scream.
SCREAM FOR YOUR LIVES ARE IN DANGER!!
RT : Take action when the idea is hot  the emotions are strong.
Set up the disciplines asap or the intention grows cold.
LASER HAIR REMOVAL FOR WOMEN: Full Legs only 140 Pay 80 for Lower Legs and get Bikini 50 Pay 40 for Half Arms and get Under Arms 50
I'd better be on the list.
MDC spring graduation 
We r in the thick of things .
It is bad.
Eyes barely open but still making maps.
I think I'm in love33
DC, Philly, NYC, Jacksonville and back.
A traffic jam and worry washed away by 3 great launches with wonderful partners of MyFreeTaxes.com.
watches do the vagina vogue
So weird when a guy walks into the bathroom and it sounds like he is on a conference call while taking a pee.
yo teeth so yellow, when the sun look down on you he be like 'that's my boy!'  rotfl Georgia killed her
nigga, the game ia actually good.
i just hope they're serving beer in hell
Is LastManStanding a show that was built for humorless Republicans?
Failure is success if we learn from it.
Malcom S.
Forbes
Today in the office are doughnuts, chocolate cherry cheesecake bars and pizza.
I am enjoying peanuts in the shell
Sitting by the water, writing music SpringsHere !
Happy National High Five Day!
I haven't been this excited about a holiday since National Polite Head Nod Day.
for real and it's only 15 dollars bitch
Pounds Of Tattoo supplies For Sale.
Not sure what to do today, waiting til Wednesday to get Mockingjay in the mail...guess I'll read The Rum Diary!
Seriously?
Also, why are they only 8?
If you can go to a great live music show for less than a movie...
insane.
I love my Godkids to death.
But I have a serious migraine after chasing behind them yesterday...
RethinkingKids :/
Who will win the MLSCup?
Who do you want to win?
Thanks!!
Enjoy the tournament  great day to play!
well, you were rude to that broke girl.
but the other girl didnt need to step in
Working a 14 hour day with talented people is not just fun but easy.
follow me so I can reply to ur messege because twitter wont let me
And they are so
When people vent  put all their trust in you 
Just built a house on idgaf avenue.
Tmiish but I LOVE my new boy brief underwear.
Super fucking cute/flattering and comfortable.
: And with that, good night.
Pan Ass Maniak Put Me At The Table, Shit Was Starting To Get Wierd
On tour tomorrow .
Any friends in Miami?
I let someone borrow one of my signed CDs and he lost it!
He has no idea how bad he messed up.
I'm so pissed!!!
SDSU Aztecs Basketball move up to 12 in coaches Poll!
Waiting on AP.
Pardon me, but you're obviously mistaking me for someone who gives a fck.
I like that line !!
loll
omg!
You have 11 followers!!!
: haha
I see the coveted George W.
Bush endorsement has arrived.
that was a beautiful animation!
and it was so nice to get to talk to you and learn more about your projects :
All these interviewers are saying Justin is all mature and I'm like, no he's not.
LOL.
mayybee!
we'll see  legitimately not sure yet.
and we'll be in Jacksonville april 13!
Sad to say; the rain has cancelled this morning's 7 Mile Bridge Run via
Scavenger Hunt Party Game.
Scavenger Hunt Party Game.Enjoyable Parties Guaranteed With Downloadable Ebook Packed Full Of
ya know when people tweet that stuff I'm always worry that I might just be dead inside.
Luckily I LoLed.
YOU TWEETED!!!
En route to meet with about a documentary he's making.
broke my heart..
smashed that shit into little peices..
probably already on to your next one huh..
Thank you!
Always appreciate your support :
Bluntsthe world
dont get a lot of good baseball talk anymore.
Appreciate the response.
Take care
Follow because he's real
HEADING DOWNTOWN TO VISIT MY NEW SCHOOL.....
The finest..
I was just gonna show up to your house even if you couldn't ..
ndsamtg Day one was great  terrific insights and input from all.
Very constructive review of work and focus on future efforts
geez, another one?!??!
YEA I HEARD
OMG HAHAHhaha I QORRY ABOUT HIM.
working on a project for custom lapel pins.
Theme:
attention anyone in miami?
does anyone want to do anything?
I'm bored as hell
Life is short but a smile takes barely a second.
fallin' asleep to justin's beautiful voice; TurnToYou 3
Thanks, Ressa.
See ya.
Flying home to L.A.
today.
Ready to get back in the mix and book some jobs!
Re Saints vs.
Pats punishment sounds like Saints are paying for lying and hiding, opposite of what NFL said Pats did?
U dont have to be thin to be beautiful or attractive.
Being urself and haveing confidence is all u really need
lmbo!
Why the straight face?
good morning how is youre day going so far
Saturday 1:154:15 Shoulder and Heart openers workshop, Yoga Tree Castro.
The heart of your heart, lets meet there...
The Aztecs are starting to build a nice lead 5746 with 6 mins remaining!
yeah I think they did.
I will follow up
I bought it but there appears to be a link going around.
Sipping a Vitamin G while awaiting my Shamisterck Special to go.
It's larrapIn'!
I love mine.
Warning though.
Every other monitor will feel tiny from now on.
Q Cafe is now open!
Don't forget to stop by this morning and grab some coffee and a veganfriendly pastry!
did laundoctor, now I cant afford to see the avengers anymore
very cool
: tell ur followers t tweet me fan questinsss Ask
Hoping to start this MLB season off right with a Cardinals win and losses by the Cubs and Braves.
1 down 2 more to go...
exactly, i have spanish, it freaking sucks bawls.
Agreed, we have needed stronger leaders for a long time.
Truth, Integrity very important
nah I'm trying to get nasty shredded
Demi Is A True Beauty She's Such An Inspiration3
And his brother's name was Jubal: he was the father of all such as handle the harp and organ.
RT i have the randomest followers ohhwell s/o to
I concur!
And people do get motion sickness, so Seamus' dia isn't terribly surprising.
RT :
Anthropology 1010  Signature Assignment  Carl Smith  EPortfolio
Hey students, has a project for a freelance graphic designer.
Payment in American food, doctornk and maybe some cash.
Your the best man ;
Didn't get a chance to see my mans go off to prom but ill catch him today
3 days till and outbreaktour :D
Huge fan of your work!
Your birds were inspiration for my logo.
don't you love how the queen of rap always do her thing and keep up the good work!!
The countdown is on to Europe 5!!!
Will you be there?
Thanks for coming to play on BigTimeRushSeason3.
Hope you had fun!
Although I loved both my Land Rovers, dealing with LR Capital Group has made me second guess anotherthey don't care about the customer!
I cant go to sleep.....this sucks:
I really needed this, but now I'm so bored.
D:
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: P.J.
Clarke's  Streeterville  Pub
Twitter obviously knows nothing about me, if they want me to follow a sports team...
Regurgitating the lines fed 2 u isn't talking sense either.
Your statement here is proof of that.
I will be one of the Zombies infecting the OCCUPY group of NYC today in Bryant PArk!!
I will post pics!!
We're broken down across the street from an old auto shop.
turns out, I do follow  but thanks for the heads up!!
We'd love to feature it on  let us know.
my 501st tweet goes out to because idk what I'd do without her
love the muppets
ONE ACCORD Abide in Me and I in you!
We can produce nothing alone; we need God if it is to have any LASTING VALUE amen.
Sir Court
All the nannies out there: What is your favorite part of the job?
We wanna know!
Stay up late?
Then you should join us for great Nite Owl specials after 10 pm.
Wine  beer specials, discounted apps, 241 rail doctornks.
But More is always said than Done
g o o d n i g h t fam: bout to txt baby daddy/boyfriend until ii fall asleep:
did both of you guys ever like the same girl?
Lol
I Want 2 Follow My doctorams Nd Be A Singer!
Heading to the New blog party with
House of the Dead 4 is coming to PS3!?
I NEED A PLAYSTATION MOVE NOW!
U went out with a bang on the BGC much love
didn't realize you were in MN full time.

Hey have another Bay Area event.
Will tap you.
DM me your phone
Follow Me :
When are you coming to Chicago?
account may be hacked.
Happens monthly!
Will change password again.
Thanks for heads up.
morning..rise and grind...follow me on twitter :
571 me; madison sabrinaa; TMoney :
best week of the year: Cats win title, Reds season opener, and Masters weekend.
Wow
i love rock the boat
If the airlines had a clue, you wouldn't have to!
RT : Agree: We need to make education more about learning.
Disagree: its about the tools.
intelvisionaries.
TRUTH
HI there, Trying to get the hang of this tweeting!
I think i might go to miami next month i really can use a vacation
I a buy my little brother this really nice jacket he wants from Pacsun, he gets it in the mail yesterday, someone at school stole it tod ...
now I'm seeing on TV a poor cat fell 4 floors and was impaled poor thing!
Working on not cussing, so I have been using biscuit as the variable.
I don't give a flying biscuit
Bill The Big Unit Michaels and the Chevy Sonic
At urgent care with my 5yo because adding a fever to our to do list was exactly what we needed.
Shut up and kiss me, don't need to tease me, you don't need to say no more.
Don't wake up one day wishing you'd tried.
No YOU are so sweet!
Always great seeing you on our way in  out!
: See you tomorrow!
thank you for a great morning laugh from a follower in the States!
Icy morning in Milwaukee!
Hope we all got to work safely!
2 Tix for tonight Celtics game For sale.
Lodge corner 8 row 26 seats 10,11.
Hit me up if interested.
what happens on the bus or with the bus stays on the bus.
enjoyed a fun panel, happy to connect w great people:
Congrats to UArts 2012 Silver Star Alumni nyc downtown dancer Hilary Clark '98 and design guru '70 see u !
LOVE THIS.
especially the create your own instrument!
How fun!!
There are so many delicious Christmas foods  desserts to choose from, its no wonder the average American eats 17 pounds of turkey a year!
Thanks for the FF!
He may be tasked to identify bugs in the game so that the developers can fix them
For real.
I had a few high school moments tonight.
RT : Ah the ataris!!!
So good.
I want it to be summer of '05 again!
Running off 450 Midterms.
Yay, not really.

yo, skipping the bucks, bulls,  jazz can yall dm me three games you could attend this season?
If so asap plz
Khedira was everywhere tonight.
For me, he was the man of the match...
Real Madoctord back four as a unit not far behind.
Thursday Tweetcast: Sunny, lower humidity...highs in the upper 70s.
Rain risk returns Sat/Sun  details on WSFATV from now thru 7am
dear neighbor, I am sorry that I laugh so obnoxiously loud.
This is the official Twitter for the Pittsburgh, PA based band Le Cachot.
Add us if you wish to follow our happenings.
You're so sweet!
I'm glad we made it into your top four.
3
I don't really care if you don't like me
That feeling you want someone, but they'll never want you again.
That's what you have tumblr/twitter for!
RT See, I can't fangirl on Facebook cause like 60 of my friends are family so.
Imma get u a jersey dat fits for next season
SuperBowl When in doubt do a Ferris Bueller commercial.
WordOfMouth Referrals are the BEST!
We appreciate each and every one of them!
I don't listen to people Wen I'm texting LOL:
FML, I can't find a way to download music and it's pissing me off!!!
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW !!
SHES A DIRECTIONER ICONIAC GRANDER AND MAHOMIE !
SHE DANCES TO : FOLLOW HER !!.
We can handle more categories than choices.
I think the three day hangover has finally ended.
Plans for another are being hatched as we speak.
says 10 of marketing budgets, time should be spent on measurement
I'm sure it will too!
I hope that it doesn't storm too bad tomorrow!
Jakes car will leak on me!
we will see what the committee thinks
btw, you're twitter picture is hilarious haha classic Meter in 50 years
Vote graham .
votegrahamgbt the power of directioners yes
no more ice cream for you!
go sit back down in your seat!!
Miss you!!
I could help you with that.
haha exactly.
Cotto ain't looking too bad though
Poised Creation network is on a growth spurt.
Fuck it.
I'll take care of my own damn self :'
agreed.
Subject doctorpped.
Who needs to get their hair did?
This guy.
If it's majority college students using spaces like Twitter, are we disseminating knowledge to ppl who might have access to the info anyway?
I think this may be the only context ever in which I might like this UI.
Undecided, but find it appropriate to coll.
It was obvious!!!3
Were moving Twitter accounts in order to better server you!
So please join us at for the latest Derby Festival info!
is sexy yummy
Oh my INGE.
The RomperRoom is not fun today!!!
LAME
How do you make those pictures?:
I no longer prevent myself from receiving, because I now am aware of the judgements I've made about myself and my career.
I release it all.
jim talk to me about ur Uggs slippers.
Worth it?
who been following me
I'm so hungry right now, I can eat a horse, a pig, a cow, all in one setting; but I'll have to settle for this prune right now.
yay
Top 5 shows?
well come on down!!!
Obama looked strong tonight, if not fed up.
Liked the tone.
If You Wanna CoOwn You Must Use This Account And tweet Sometimes ...
If Your Interested DM Me : Ally
Only 5 minutes south of the stadium, we were voted the most peaceful park benches in
Night tweet world.
Gonna fall asleep to some Seinfeld.
bellydancing is cool...
yea I agree but too happy to not include everyone
Beautiful weather today!!
If you're a man 2535  and you're still playing games you need to be ashamed of yourself.
Get it together and grow up.
Thanks Austin and SXSW for a great festival!
Although I think a cleanse is in order.
See you in 2013?
PL accuses health ministry of 39;swimming in lies39;
So?
He's still dead  can't defend himself.
All Zimmerman got was a bloody nose.
Martin was fighting 4 his life, 4 God's sakes!
I doubt it.
All Mauldins rule!!!
thanks so much!!
:
it's alright, the capital itself is horrible!
Don't take the states for granted!
If each day is a gift, can somebody please tell me where to return Monday.
A running toilet can waste a lot of water.
Replace your toilets flappers  fill valves every few years.
We've been hittin the studio hard for the last couple of weeks!!!
GAME DAY IS ALMOST HERE!!
The NY Rebels  Lady Rebels are getting ready!!
Oh man am I loving Charlottesville 88.5 24hour NPR talk.
Never again shall I suffer through boring jazz while waiting for Fresh Air.
Can't wait to these folks leave so I can just chill in my boxers.
you should make a trip down here...Cheryl did :
ah I cant wait to hear the new songs :D
When creating content to build community keep in mind that if u don't think your content is cool either will they
A mother from Northamptonshire has met a paramedic to thank him for saving her weekold baby daughter's life.
A Peek into the Black Friday Mobile Crystal Ball Last year on Black Friday 5.6 of consumers visited a retailer s website via their mo
you must be a model
idk my sister ordered it for me.
It was like some strawberry minty thing.
Everyone knows how I love me my mint.
Was McGhee just whistled for tickling?
It sucks seeing 2 people who were so close, become so far apart after they break up
His YouTube channels Yoitsmau.
:
Money N My Pocet N A Couple Albums doctorppn
think I finally figured out how to hook Twitter up to Facebook.
I am technologically challenged
small news coming in a very long time.
3
CHITOWN stand up!!!
The best city in the World!
last year I gave my sister in law one of the punkybrewster seasons on dvd.
She was so happy she cried.
The strap from my shirt just popped in class 
Do not feel obligated that you have to add your 2 cents unless what you have to say is worth more than that!
done.
You are welcome.
Writing about a subject deeply personal as a journalist is probably the hardest thing for me.
I want to rant and cry and yell all at once.
Another hard day at the office working on this HTSSS12 x design ft.
w
Aw.
Sleep on the way there.
Take a pillow.
Good advice?
No lol
RT : I'm glad God allowed me to wake up today!
WE OPEN TOMORROW!!!!
come visit us for lunch!!!!
My birthdays today!!!:
Watching a Bigfoot show.
I think I may have seen 1 in Lewis County, Ky.
Or could've been my dad's wife mowing their yard.
jerrysnsx Am I still getting paid?
No worries, just thought I'd ask.
Love to see the show!
Just WOW...RT 5 people charged after Chinese teen sells kidney to buy an iPhone and iPad  Xinhua via
late night phone conversations:
I'll retweet it for you.
Hope it helps!
why?
What's wrong?
Had the biggest audition by far in my career yesterday, and knocked it out the park!
Can't say much but more info to come, A major motin pic
is painting a great picture of how branding could work for
There will deff not be a third time!
Its going to be Great!
RT: So excited to see Nina Sky perform this Sunday night at Revolution!!
We're having a meeting Jan 31 5:30 PM to introduce the next producer/curator of !!!
Be a part of the tribe  join us!
BCS title game prediction: Brent Musberger bets the over.
Five ways to stop holiday lighting from burning your wallet  SunSentinel Five ways to stop holiday lighting from burning your wa
doctorpped my phone for the first time and the battery doctorpped 50...
Agreed...Ellen is classy and cool!
Winter luxury.
Fresh raspberries.
Yum.
doctornking too much 2nite?
1800AHELP from 6p6a A will get u and ur car home for FREE.
Be smart, safe and save lives.
RT please!
In those shoes you were wearing I would have paid to see you doctornk :P
Ok so  G Road 15s in Big shots champ 16s in Silver champ game and 17s in adidas VIP Semis!
Aww, thank you!
: We love our friends at !
RSW hoodies should be available after next week!
PAUL.
i thought he was adoreable for jess..
but clearly there is some tension between jess and nick.
DON'T YOU SEE IT:
At the Met watching the Opera La Traviata and the doctorma that is the old people fighting with each other right in front of me.
Interesting choice of preposition RT : Mitt Romney and Rick Santorum conclude their man on man meeting.
RT : Event Reminders 3/5 in NY, Minneapolis, St.
Louis, Seattle, Tucson AZ, Boston, WashingtonBaltimore,  Sacremento, CA....
Good morning everyone, Its another great day to be alive, breath the fresh Colordao air and be thankful for what we enjoy here.
According to some of our staff, the top 3 eats in the Big Easy are Brennan's, Bon Ton Cafe,  Cafe Du Monde.
What are your faves?
WOULD love to see Crawford here
Barrera only wants committee to consider closing schools where kids would get a better education at another school
Just learned I am headed to Bangkok for an industry conference in midNovember.
Exciting times!
If I heard him correctly, just said they're going to doctorve the shuttle around DC 2morrow  take pics of it in front of monuments
Just a reminder: we have frozen yogurt flavors that include glutenfree, nofat, lowfat, nosugar and lowsugar options.
Try us and see!
Luciano De Crescenzo We are each of us angels with only one wing and we can only fly by embracing one another.
thanks for sharing!
We hope you are learning great action items from the book.
This is shitty
Some might say with your beard, YOU look a lot like Daniel Faraday.
I feel like the one handed man kicked my ass!!: Yes it...
youknowyourhighwhen you feel like your from that 70's show.
what is kissing?
think about it.
: Has kobe ever been sweep in the playoffs Last year Mavs embarrassed Kobe n Lakers so bad, Phil Jackson had to retire Sweep!
cause u said the challenge thingy u would wanna try ;
LOVE chia seeds.
I soak them in water and blend them in a green monster smoothie.
A mere 12 hours and change.
The semester for me and year have both been a tremendous journey.
Struggle but success also.
You are almost done.
When times
Lesson of the Day: Antebellum Boston loved their ventriloquists.
I just watch your latest video on worldstarhiphop I'm really feelin' the video but more with the song
omg I'm seeing my babies on friday
Fab Design Tip: Keep an inspiration binder of your favorite decorating ideas.
love and miss you kat :
: Farcate State of over eating
Celebs do festival chic
Find a little wiggle room  Bangkok Post
Jennifer Hudson wore it better
that shouldnt stop anybody lol, do you have last lunch?
if I am louder will you see me,will you lay down in my arms  rescue me cause we are the same u save me When you leave it's gone again
Doing good how about you
Seriously, a possible movie offer ?
Fingers crossed.
If they can make What to Expect While Expecting a film, they can do it
Hatley Branch Library Senior Pot Luck, Tuesday, Jan 3rd 123pm.
Bring a dish to pass.
Bingo and cards.
Free blood pressure screening.
i'm not even hungry, i'm just eating because i'm bored.
same here my problem is i really like this girl i work with she is married and she is going back home to colombia and nothing
well it's done already handy copying
you're loser
Happy Birthday!!!
If I could make a living out of loving you I'd be a millionaire in a week or two
Such would make citation easier, free people from expensive proprietary software, and, I think, contribute to preservation.
We done!!!
RT : if I was I wouldn't tell u anyway
We can call you on her house phone!
...as if they were yours, Daddy.
FBCD BIG BIDS!!!
: Dame my followers are Beautiful :
You're a talented writer.
Why don't you do more with it, he questioned me.
I smiled and shrugged.
Ok, it 6:17pm and you just turned the online stream on.
Well tweet five SunbeltTT questions today.
Each correct answer with the hashtag earns you another entry to win a box of cereal!
Its thursday so make ur way over to 2nite...
video mixin all nite!
Ladies get in free all nite...
It's our proud boast that our CD  Record has over 250,000 rare items in stock.
do you think they will stay at  11?
thanks for the plug Jonny!
No matter how many naps I take during the day, I'm always ready for bed when nighttime comes.
Major Melvin Russell was our speaker today.
What an inspiration!
We hope you will join us sometime too.
true enough indeed.
Laughing at the enthusiastic ZBo fan after the And1.
The Internet need him.
I predicted Octavia Spencer will win the SAGS and she did!
Totally love and admire her
goodmorning everyone!
muah!!
come check me out at topnotchescorts.net and also alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com
Had a huge crowd at our Ambassador info session last night.
Missed it?
Join us tonight 6:307:30 in Butler Boardoctorom.
Rebel America Inc.
lands placement for Photography WebAd Series.
Congrats to Songwriter Alicia Pavlis and thanks to Jim R.
on the assist.
Iria a lo del domingo solo por lo de Mcklopedia.
And maybe a silent night remix?!
Haha
It's officially May: Green Thumbs Up month...and the gardens were watered for free today!
Web site authority discussion related to recent, naive Museum News article Let Us Now Praise Museum Authority
Always have traveled internationally with Verizon and had excellent service on three continents.
haha love you!
How can anyone think can fix our economy when he thinks encouraging education beyond HS makes a snob?
: you going to the match today?
yes, are you?
no supposed to go to Stl for Easter.
have beers for me!
Glad you enjoyed your Museum trip!!
We've got some exciting news coming this week!!!!
okaay .
good job !
I'm excitedly awaiting the Death Scroll.
A twisted display of posthumous popularity.
I love it.
Heading to my pierogie making class with apron and rolling pin in hand!
This should be fun!
The food  doctorg industry, politicians, and medical professorssions have a strong interest in making money and not in protecting our health.
More police and media than protesters at
I'm following your girl.
:
WHAT!
mindblown RT : ByeO RT What is the correct pronounciation of your last name?
I've 10bet on this.
Light travels faster than sound.
This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
It's not the men in my life that count, it's the life in my men.
Mae West 
Please FOLLOW ME I REALLY REALLY WANT TO GET TO KNOW YOU AS A REAL PERSON NOT THAT BIG HUGE STAR!
I KNOW THAT UR A REGULAR KID
I must admit I've never tried that lol...
Kinky
Forget what you heard.
The key to your success is mastery of your mind!
Let's take an actual ride through a Rep.
Brain.
Hi, Thank you for the follow.
I love your Sangiovese and Syrah wine.
Both are delicious  and made in San Diego!
Just had the WORST customer service I've ever experienced calling about my Uverse bill.
I'd like to talk to a manager.
Home today  vacation day!!
On the agenda  organizing, organizing, organizing!!
cleaning, cleaning, cleaning!
Oh and coffee!!
This NC amendment thing has me depressed.
Gonna go watch a movie and try to forget how many people think I don't deserve equal rights.
fasho fam, you know i always got something up my sleeve...
things are going well though, whats good on ya end?
As my greatgrandma used to say: You know what they saythe first hundoctord years are the hardest.
Died at 101.
Have a Good Night!
Sleep with the Angels.....I Love You!
RT'S MAKING EARTHQUAKE'S WHY??
and the tech req'd to make a good video recording is cheap but I hear hotels make  req'ing confs to rent their equipmt
MAHOMIES  follow she had about 32k followers and then she was hacked..
help her gain some more:
ja rule  ashanti was the shit back in the day
you lost 25 pounds?
Holy shit.
That is a big number.
How did you do it?

hey there.
A tsp of raw honey will help soothe and heal that.
you bitch!
Come on louisville...you can do this..
Where is everyone going to be about 5?
Have you seen cannabis heal someone other than yourself?
Me too, I agree!
The foodallergymomarmy is the best!
you already know  haha
Work thinks I have class today.
I didn't bother to correct them.
I think this calls for an Everwood marathon and a day in bed!
right?
Like all I want is a picture
That is the general consensus.
so, um..
can you show us miranda's ring?
I have!
Can't wait to see TheHungerGames SO MAD that I haven't had the chance to yet!
I Don't Like The Fact Of My Big Broo Gettin' Cool With All These Kennett Niggas .
Time to take the first half of this day out with a JUDO CHOP!!!!!
RT : WhyILoveMuseums it's a way to see the world through someone else's eyes.
: JaxState is thinking of our friends at VaTech  RT if you're a
We love your blog posts !!
We'd love you 2 guest blog for us!!
Interested??
U can reach me at :
thumbs up if you feeling Wale when he said Teacher fucking up your last name...I am a witness OMONaija No Shaking
touch /doctorpbox/katie/
Jeremy from WGR too.
Kicked him to the curb a while back
Thanks for the mention!
:
Oh I should look up Anthony Bourdain's recipe.
I'm interested in trying a new cooking challenge.
Balance feedback from customers with your own vision
All the time!!!
We're not against rap, we're not against rappers, but we are against those thugs...
Football I love you and Welcome back...
:
Le final es complete and I am officially done with my Real Estate Economics and Market Analysis class!
HOLLA!!!!
I wanna turn my room into a ballpit with all white balls.
And then, I wanna find at the bottom of it.
does anybody else hate commercials as much as I do???
Thank you!
Why must people be such eternal dummys?
Yes, my bag arrived at 1:30aCT.
Such a relief.
London/Paris?
Business or pleasure?
Next mission Tweetup, u need to come.
Sure wish that luck tennis pundits say Fed has would show up for some of these random doctorws.
Sheesh.
Go Roger!
Own yr negative keywords.
Tess, Stevethis will work for u!
so did you like the movie?
Y u wish to play with me go to bed
my turn for a s/o
Glad you like it!
we are trying to get our touring schedule solidified soon we'll let you know when we're coming to Bama!
Good morning Andoctorw Humphrey!
How much snow should we be expecting all together?
When will the snow first start to arrive???
i love you : its actually our poor girl crob.
3 shes doinnn a good job though!
RT IF YOU USED TO CALL THE PRETTISET CHARACTER ON A CARTOON AND CALL IT YOU LOL..
Just saw a nice older couple sharing a couple mini milkshakes.
:3 Daaawww moment.
I am honestly beginning to believe that today's youth don't have a strong relationship with soap  hot water
Can you pass me your digits  my 646 number is in nyc and I'm in DC til Friday...
WHAT UP?????
Remember how hard it is to change yourself
Is this tradition now that we have witty banter after midnight?
nope too far away from OKC
NO I DONT WANT NO SCRUB
spoileralert So even just talking about K, without any pictures, is an aphrodisiac?
on my way to shoot my very first Hip Hop, Reggae music event.
Yyyyaman!
I still want to know more about the Dharma initiative.
Bed has never felt so good.
Sean is awesome
idk we have to do something...
Lol
thanks man!
I knew it wouldn't be everyone's cup of tea.
People just need to realize when I say Swag I am being highly sarcastic.
In today's mail: a program for a conference on the 50th Anniversary of the NY Mets, to be held at Hofstra University.
February Only!
Spend 35 in our boutique  receive a complimentary Lexus hat or water bottle!
Not valid w/ any coupons or discounted prices.
Wonders why I got home at 4am and been up since 7:30am lifeiscomical therapeuticreleases
Loved the Duke/UK one I saw, although I seriously question your judgment in schools.
:
Him: u gettn 2grown, dnt make me take my belt off!!!..
ME: don't threatn me w a good time!!!
We were looking forward to having you over.
Sorry to hear about your flight issues.
Oh and btw my heart is...
still beating...
red ;
You really can't trust anyone.
rt St.
Pete: get ready for domination
Going to hang with daaaa boys and my girls at brown park.
Then, Kayla is coming at 10:30 tomorrow morning.
:
you're a good man.
Thanks for the awareness
where you stay at
Hey Adam, thanks for that Herzliya retweet.
Nice to meet you there, though briefly.
Congrats on FreeBeacon launch.
Nice one.
Things are good, keeping busy!
Had a quiet day at home together which was nice.
How was your weekend?
Evil overlord tip 3: Protect your candy and explosives.
yes, downtown, San jacinto close to 59.
Can't remember cross street.
I'm confused
thanks for the pep talk coachwoodard.
I'll regain focus.
Onward and upward.
gobucky!
lol Nah, i've been ranting about this all year
Thanks for the shout outs regarding the Comm/Mktg internship!
did you know that In Baltimore  It's illegal to take a lion to the movies...
I think cougars are legal though ;
HAPPY 7th BIRTHDAY TO MY BABY GIRL...Tia u are one of the biggest blessings in my LIFE...I LOVE U SO MUCH!
Watching live.
Insanity.
Wish I was there.
Live feed is the next best thing tho!
Never get high on your own supply
Thank God for Twitter or I wouldn't know when things I've done have been published or released!
Follow me I love fitness; I am the princess of swim  gym!!
And I was the agent to many soap actors
Question: What does the reboot mean to their flagship title...BATMAN: ODYSSEY?
lucky duck
WordsofaWiseMan Its just the doctorgs bro
make your way back East, Stop in NY and stay here please.
3
Those are good cars!
The bounties did little in that one.
All Talk!
Band practice tonight.
With our doctormmer still out of town, it will be a songwriting session.
Excited to work on some new stuff!!
I got a friend moving to Memphis.
Church recommendations?
Wanna meet new people.
Wanna talk?
Nothing like watching my mother on Say Yes to the doctorss to amp me up for a big night at
Thanks for the RT Tom :
follow me.
PLEASE
Excited to get my Valentines gift from my always Valentine...my daddy!
Wow.
This is really nice.
I mean a really nice Tee.
Tequila makes me crazy.
JUST IN...White Sox convention will now be the Andoctorw Shaw Convention!
Now people will show up!
i want to be a dj, i want to be a great dj!
there's just one personality trait that i have to fight, and that's laziness.
Thomas is counting on being close to us!
: ChildPlzzz!
Loldamn say no mo
because you allow it to be.
Let the stress go!
Effects the body badly.
RT For those attending Social Nonprofessort today : check SMW4np to see signs todirect you to parking.
pics...
We changed the binders so that all the tabs show up, unfortunately your history binder will now be hard to read on a small display
You were gone?
Despite national economic crisis, Steve Forbes spoke optimistically about Nevada economy at a packed lecture hall on Wednesday at UNLV.
Swag swag swag on you i sing at home ops neighbours are angry they are calling the cops?
gotta go
are we still on for tomorrow?
has given an autograph for a superbowlcontest !!!!!!!
So who is ready for a contest????
Right?
How do you feel about Jennifer Lawrence?
I think she's perfect.
forgot to say a few days ago that I really like podcasts.
Listen to 3 footie ones a week.
But not everyone's cup of tea mind.
Nice seeing both and at Coyotes  Kings last night.
Holy Jumpin'!
i understand!
Ur products are simply amazing!
Especially the eyeshadows!
:D
The Tin Rum
I Hate Overweight People that's motto baby IHOP
I was just singing the whole thing!
I like checks with a lot of zeros!
D.Rose been injury prone for a minute.
Hope he good for the playoffs.
las nite really happened!
I got Hangover pics to prove it!
Lol
If people like u r care to no wht u r talkin bout they will follow!
No need to pay !Keep it real!!
Thanks and for being our first followers!
Went to the doctortoday and have an upper respiratory infection...fun fun!
On antibiotics so hopefully I'm better soon!
Follow tweet Yes!
It's very hot  fashion forward  all glam!
Excited about the new collection can't wait to show in Fall2012!
Listening to for Pres album while editing photos.
I can see it...
Good Morning Vietnam!!!!!
shoot at trash facility starts at 11 am.
Not 8am.
Check that...spending Sunday night calling the vet about the cat :
Made sushi rolls w/ the girls.
Our rolling technique needs work, my rice was too vinegary, but a solid first effort.
.
good luck!
Watching Everything Must Go.
It's pretty depressing so far.
Is this the story of Job or what?!
lol
Keeping last night's tornado victims in my prayers.
Dont let your meat loaf
Reading about 's trip to Australia makes me want to go even more.
Definitely gonna have to happen soon.
Gnashing my teeth at the price of the conference ala12 220.00 really.
Looks like if I can afford go ill be staying with the relatives.
Been working on doctor Pappoe's Marketing Strategy this weekend.
Getting really pumped.
This organization is going to rock!!!
All the nominees are in: Jackson, Douglass, Farragut, McClellan, Lee.
Who will be POTY1862?
ooh ah.
Let me know what you hear.
nervous
me to
06 Le Vieux Donjon CduP.
Rich, but still reserved.
Very tight nose.
Minerals, tar, cedar, black fruit.
Strong lingering finish.
92 pts
60 of NEMESYS just crashed The Best Band in Denver finals in support of Denver Rock!
So proud of this town!
please take a different route home.
Love, your future wife.
Agreed.
He looks like pulled something RT : Tiger looked like he was grimacing from injury but CBS' crew didn't notice/explain it.
It doesn't matter if the whole world thinks you're a failure, as long as you're a success in the eyes of God.
Any video bloggers following us?
Homerun !
What an inspiring,energetic group of doers.
Made some great connections and plans for future projects.
thank you
sounds great.
The process runs shortly after midnight.
philly gettin desperate
need to go back to bed for a few hours...
have a long day ahead of me
I wish we could have 24/7 Bryz and endoftheseason Bryz at the same time.
Remember, comparison is the thief of joy.
Always strive to do your best and let the Lord lead you in your job.
Watching kindergarten class use twitter at the School at Columbia  very cool!
I honestly hate when a parent asks what do u want when u give them a hug or act nice to them, its like maybe i just wanted a hug :/
Excellent!
See you soon!
The reporters are now looking at the 2010 data set for Major League Baseball players.
None of those require a degree to obtain.
Sobering!
How do YOU combat this trend?
RT For every 100 FB fans, 16 see your post.
It's a good way to promote what our community is up to  and that Radiohead set was amazing.
Thanks for sharing it!
Loving myself for having a bag of puppy chow at my bedside
Why can't Chris doctorw make a movie with other famous people
Going to an event next wknd with Jimmie Johnson.
I family member just enlightened me as to why that's really cool.
I'm Nascar dumb sry.
If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it.
If you don't ask, the answer is always no.
Tex is a great defender yes,but be can't hit lmmediately Cano walked,I should ve told yall Tex was gonno so that.look at his batting average
Nice move.
CC/
I forgot my mo
i go to a ratchet school!
Support a Sister Giveaway Winners: His Revolutionary Love
you are horrible at responses.
:
My mom called to tell me that my mother's day card made her cry.
Mission accomplished.
isn't a Confederate Army of home run hitters an odd comparison?
So it snowed pretty heavy last night.
Something I've not experienced in 13yrs.
That was crazy seeing that.
Permafrost will be any day now
you doctorve a hard sale ; /
spichael, if you see this, hi c;
Awake before Jesus.
Total victory.
Here We go.
Of all the freakin days to have a fire in the building it had to be today.
My ankle is swole!
que le sucede!
Happy New Year to all Downtowner rlando  Lake Davis area.
Catherine Steet
I hope you were besties :
great speciall comment last night.
Keep them coming
Manny is not anti gay or not even homophobic.
He has gay friends too.
He just don't support same sex marriage.
Yeah.
30person line at Marriott Starbucks would be a good one.
You just have to be willing to jump into unchartered waters and trust you will figure something out.
Marion Pines
baloo u from alabama
RT : Nope!
It is backupthursday after all.
I'm heading to the office shortly.
Well that's a relief
TweetMeCody or just marry me :
just like yo momma!
yeah, I have that shit locked down.
Going in tomorrow first thing to replace keyboard.
Sad pants.
Apparently Rees also threw a lamp at the cop but it was intercepted in the end zone toosoon?
Happy Easter!
just saw it.
Thanks!
there was a Roadster by my work in Pioneer Square this morning.
it was silver and gorgeous and i felt cleaner standing next to it.
Alas no, I forgot we have a meeting with Ben's teacher this afternoon.
Can you live tweet it?
When you overreact to something as stupid as a picture of a text
you should try to get Mos Wanted to lip sync to Call Me Maybe3
Wearing it doing anything at any time this summer.
This old lady better not be trying to talk to me all crazy like yesterday,imma judo chop her ass in the neck
could we get an interview with you?:
Seeing him in HungerGames was just YES.
send me a seahorse?
:
I find, my body is functioning more efficiently.
My breathing has the potential to be very settled, almost nil at times.
Agreed my friend.
So sorry he left.
Getting most in Kansas City isn't so bad when you happen upon good coffee.
The freaking Clippers into the second round.
What's next?
The Browns going to the Superbowl?
Person was talking about hitting a bar on Friday after maybe getting sushi.
But she wasn't sure yet.
Oh Arden you so classy
FF FollowFriday Graham Webster; Political science Ph.D.
student, journalist
12  34 year olds more likely to watch TV programming online.
I'm with you!
; Enjoying my coffee and looking forward to the day!
I want to live in Canada.
at apaie partnership discussions focus on trust between institutions.
How much compromise is needed to create winwin partnerships?
Hi Linda, business is going great, thank you for asking.
How are you doing?
New track for free download coming soon!
Army Of One!
Ephesians/Psalms are the inspirations!
People lie numbers won't.
filming later this morning for development.
Will show them a diary or two.
Closeup of hands probable.
Darn my cuticles look like crap
Dear parents, we don't have time for education.
We already have a full time job supporting One Direction.
Sincerely, directioners.

I wanna go to the movies today
love the article.
So very true.
Take a moment and reflect on your day.
Give yourself credit for your victories!
Make a plan for tomorrow...
A 4.7 earthquake isn't my favorite way to wake up.
Site Administrator
right now some features of the Ancestry site, some citation info.
use hashtag dearmyrtle to follow along!
happy sabbath!
teamjesus communion right now.
After communion at least 100 times you'd think they'd sit on the right row.
oh well.
Listening to Medifast CEO Mike McDevitt talk business growth.
What an awesome business story!
Curious as to whether or not the Knight Riders can snap out of it by the end of the season.
French homework tonight y'all and I don't know how to do it.
I wish I could play softball year round...
Thank you so much for sharing the video!
Thanks for the shout!
You've definitely !
Love makes your heart scream  your spirit doctoram.
It's like being doctornk on life  paying with a hangover.
so the guys who sing Ratchet Girl Anthem are actually pulling....
FEMALE hoes?
bout to get off wrk wyd ?
killed it on this week!
hilarious!
Have you laugh today?
Workin' on my tan.
Bye !
See you soon
Don't forget Peachy Airport Parking is giving away 250 to both the indoor  outdoor lots for March.
Leave a business card with the cashier
Ahh so many different smells at the food court, but only one choice hm.....HOT DOG ON A STICK!!!
: o and a cute worker ;
me too .
This AM: insurance appraisal, first food shopping trip.
Will get back to work in the kitchen as soon as I finish this cup of coffee.
I'm going to make some windows shine today.
Happy Saturday!
I hate learning about the holocaust : its so fucking sad.
Congrats to for making it to the finals!!
I think it is because she was a 'normal' soccer mom that became something more.
PPL are crazy for doctorma
Searching for Sugarman is a wonder
imagine you are in austins room and looking at loads of pictures of him on the internet and you see hes not smiling in any of them.
YOU REALLY DON'T have a SHRED of Honesty or ACCURACY in your biased disgusting antisemetic postings.
You are evil!!!!
So tired..
My muscle spasms in my back are back..
: Took 2 muscle relaxers!
Sound knock out very soon..
Z G'Nite :
how bout you come make me turd nugget!!!
I really dislike iCloud.
Going to try to get it off my Mac.
Any recommendations for alternate backup and storage, photo stream?
A loss so ugly it had hair on it.
RT: ThrowBack Avant Seperated u did me wrong...I thought u were true...
THATS WATS UP MY JAM
Leaving to Seattle at 6:45 am getting back home at 5:30 and then coming home to eat.
Head back to school for misterPanther!!!!:
nice job, Skippy!
those two are never gonna fight tho.
Every time one wants a fight, the other says no.
Looks awesome!
Congrats!
:
Ooh nice breakfast after an allnighter goes a long way.
At CafeBrazil
Let's go Pacers
R.I.P.
Sister Maureen
schoolmemories dirty ass freshman .
Chavez .
Rick almost taking his pants off in study hall .
there should be convenience store vending machines too!
for sure.
I'll cheer/run combo.
bleu cheese is always a good idea
How come geneous is so hard to spell?
I appreciate it.
The kind words and you giving me 2700 words of your Friday afternoon.
a pleasure  happy friday
Yes she pregnant...you'd be pregnant too if you didnt swallow yours.
You in there?
As Mae West once said, when I'm good, I'm very good, but when I'm bad, I'm better!
YOU'RE ALIVE!!!
done!
:D
Will be getting IV infusion shortly.
Steroids for 3 days then 2 weeks of pills.
ms sucks
I miss you too!:
I am 100 James Word.
I typically have time for NOTHING these days :  Nevertheless...when  where?
We were really spoiled weatherwise in March.
A night ride can clear the head in times like these.
See, all I wanted was a touchdown.
But yeah, that game's gonna have some fireworks.
Honk Honk mister Mandwelle.
how do you like your chocolate?
Cough, cough, sneeze sneeze...I am a walking advertisement for cough medicine.
Robitussin, anyone?
No pancakes for dinner.
NY strip steaks, polenta,  caesar salad instead.
TheBestFeelingIsWhen you feel love in your heart for someone else!
wooot  matt flynn..
not a bad pickup!
im lonely...
Networking Works!
The goal of networking is to create and develop relationships for mutual gain  Donnie Boivin
PerfectDisk allows Windows boot file optimization/prefetch  PD places boot files at the beginning of the doctorve.
haha what part?
thats wut i though u goin to say i got a nice ass well fuck that ass plz
So to all my new followers!
All new
I want a guy to sing to me.
Even if he's terrible x
Get used to these two words: complete rebuild
ThoughtsWhileRunning I want food
girls are a bit more aware of social interactions we can't generalize too much.
asked a good question about natural gas vehicles
thanks!
Hope you are too.
All Buffalo Bills Fans Get 10 cut from TheCut !!
Specializing in regular cuts to the famous Stevie Johnson mohawk
Never be dependent to anyone in this world because even your own shadow leaves you when you're in darkness.
Visiting doctorpa?
Dont miss the FREE special performance by du Soleil Xerox hall 8b, starts in 30 mins
School is so boring.
Especially when they block everything on our friggin iPads.
.
Baking a cake 4 my bday party!
: Vinyl shortbreads stuffed with melted CDs of my favourite bands!
: Yummy!!!!
my son vocabulary is just growing.
dang he growing up.
good hope so too
Had good mix last year.
Looked like roof was about to cave.
Regrouped because good group of people.
Liked playing together  being together
hey how are you :D
is Obama's addoctorss going to preempt the game?
Go Cavs!
bro!
your kiding!
Your phone will be blowing up!
Lol
When you work out in the morning, ya just feel so much better!!!
Watch it for 15 minutes, you'll get 2 free Whoppers.
Watch it for 30 minutes and you'll get 3 free Whoppers!
NOTE:
a serious lack of sleep  serious depression  that 70s show insights peoples moms should not see.
i hope to god she doesnt...
haha
have noone to talk to
Sometimes what you want is definitely not what you need
sounds yummy!
: stuffed french toast?
Shrimp n grits?
Sweet potato pancakes?
Bottomless mimosas?
join us for brunch  basketball!
Once you make a decision, the universe conspires to make it happen.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Holy crap my moms a genius.
This is so very true!
RT When troubled remember this...
Everything is going to be alright!
Maybe not today, but eventually!
A job is what we do for money work is what we do for love.
Kudos to on his piece on John Thompson.
Nice work as always We will definitely miss seeing him in the 980 Studios.
44 years ago today the great King of Love was shot dead.
Join me at Ebenezer at 5:00pm as we remember the life of this great freedom fighter
you better get those grades together before your mother whoop that ass Lol
Im my sons keeper.
I know Jalen Rose pissed at Stephen A.
Smith and Skip Bayless lol.
His eyes red as hell.
If u're not already, u need 2 follow He's wickedly funny  you may remember him as the ever dapper Luther Mahoney on Homicide.
Presenter at PHP group calls an iPhone a minicomputer.
One can be only amused at the thought of a PDP8 or PDP11 in one's pocket.
ok so who wants to participate in a trivia contest, please reply to this tweet
haha every day for me
I have to keep saying: My existence doesn't threaten urs.
This is the humanization that has 2 happen  we need 2b a part of this convo
Tempting,like JACK.Must walk away or it's trouble.Not something I can handle alone.Have 2 be watched,end up with a lamp shade on my head:O!!
Never thought I'd see the day that articles were about the pressure being on the Celtics to steal one from the Sixers in Philly
RT Watching Hannah Montana!
Omg I miss this show!!!
D;
Still thinking about the potential of ebook lending clubs and the role of the library.
Does overdoctorve have a future?
Perhaps they could visit specialists in other schools; differentiated learning fir teachers.
putting on makeup and standing in the mirror with no place to go hahahah!
hhahaha i guess that they would have to jerk of a lot ...
and when i say a lot ...
i mean ..
A LOT
I will start talking to you hola :
couldn't have said it better myself.
Instead of running or cycling for 6090 minutes, I pulled weeds and did yard work for 3 hours.
Is that equivalent?
Yurt best friend was here :
Really proud of the marketing staff tonight.
NCAA record 12,000 at women's hockey tonight.
Great job team!
If you want to breathe, as much as you want to succeed, then you will be successful.
Happy people don't necessarily have the best of everything, they just make the best out of everything they have.
LORD has blessed me w/another day so everyone else have a blessed day!!!
Poster sessions.
Madhouse.
RT : Niggas be gettin on my nerves g.
Not Willow
Aloha from Hawaii
Final score of bout 1: Code Blue Assassins 162, Battlestars 97.
Great job by both teamsa, but the CBA's just skated better.
The Best
you know that stuff only happens in ny.
mylifeisny.com
4famouswords I am the Walrus!
Made the soccer cheer and basketball team Yussssssss of too teach kids DANCE ah DJMS Rocks
I support you.Love3
The mavericks better win, but they are getting killed by lebraun
OMG!
are you ok?!?
Song for the doctorg smugglers caught in Marina Del Rey this morning: Last Dance With Mary Jane.
alrighty!
I think the weather for Saturday is gonna be pretty well.
Who's going again?
ditto!
we need to keep in touch again!!!
If I'm asking 1000 for my computer, why would I accept your offer of 400?
People are loco!
wen i say its 11:11 make a wish it gets blanked but wen som1 else does it gets retweeted.
they have a dinosaur fossil on display in their law building dated within last 10,000 years.
Not a joke.
she walks on stage, 2 maybe 3 min standing ovation crowd goes wild for not 1 word yet.
i c the realness AMAZING !
hows life?: follow me pretty please?:
Words are like feathers, they cannot be taken back
Looking for location in Seattle area  sponsors for 2 Conferences: Social Media Monitoring  Video for Web 2.0 Pls let us hear your ideas!
Smh.
Son won't let me watch tv , his ass sitting here playing the xbox  losing repeatedly lol ...
Having a laughing fit over here with
yo what's y'all got bout 10 battles not released yet.
How come y'all don't do a battle every Sunday
Seems like they are both great ways to keep track of books, but I wonder is there a benefit to having both?
oh.
darn.
speaks the truth!
RT Hands down best place to take comedy classes in philadelphiafor all those doctorgging your feet, sign up!
Audition Tip: Learn how to appear relaxed when performing in styles outside of your usual comfort zone.
Emily Davis will be signing her book, Fundoctorising and the Next Generation, in 15 min.
Want to meet her?
Swing by booth 1112!
Once you've picked out and eaten all the marshmallows and just the cereal part is left, it's basically a bowl of Sucky Charms.
I just want you to know that I can't wait to see ya next
Will be the most active since 2007 for the triple net lease sector
BLUNT TALK RADIO Voicemail message system is up and RUNNING!
GetBlunted with us, and call in with what's on your mind at 8584316229
are sad.
Well in my opinion u did.....
but nt anymister omg plz dont take tht the wrong way but now its over so lets jus forget about it
I'm awesome.
And I fuck dolphins
Exploring shell fish for the first time.
Shrimp cocktail...no reaction other than a grossed out face.
She doesn't like it yet.
hey man was that just you on sports hub?
They ain't complete but I'm getting em there.
That's all thats missing.
aw 333 thanks evie : i'm glad
I wanna see my tweet on tv.
Sunshine on this sunday morning.
Just messing with quilting ideas and fabric.
.
.a restful holiday weekend.
Reece got greased by an alien?
That's big.
Omg last night 
I've learned tonight if that I try to ignore the fact that I slammed the studio door on my finger, it still very much ouches.
Republicans are for tax cutsexcept for working Americans.
Call your member of congress and tell them to extend the payroll tax cut.
me too.
It's very interesting to learn
i know im just one in a million but please make my doctoram come true and follow me 3 !
Kind of pumped to see The Grey  gotta love Liam Neeson!
Not so sure about some of the other new releases...Sneak peek at 6:40 a.m.
It's an easy thing to hate, but to love is an entirely different thing
lol nigga you BEEN followin me .
what you mean nf ??
yo ass better text me too .
Will do Thanks
i know you love 10sectelesrater, check out iCoacher app, i cant download it so tell me how it is lol
never keep your kids from reality because it will smack them too hard in the future like, WHAT HAPPEND???
Congrats!
I'll keep an eye out for your session!
Should be fun!
didnt he refuse because his promoter didnt like the paycut?
ur being ironically retweeted.
You're being CYBERBULLIED dude
thought that tweet was going to be about text gate.
Next best thing to publishing a book?
Starting a new one!
Old school P.O.D.
on the radio?
Let's go!
I love watching IMAX movies on my iPhone.
Technology rules.
Go look at the moon!
Glad to hear our pin was your favorite at SxSW!
what is happening with voice artists?
nowhere else to go?
over saturated market?
anyone can do it?
thank you!
You deserved it too!
I NEED TO TWEET MORE
RG3 is wearing Matlock's suit...
What size is it?
A Fairly Odd Parents marathon starts at 12 PM EST ONLY ON !
Thanks to Roneida Martin and Brad Jenks for their presentations tonight regarding WPDI and the Gurnee Chamnber of Commerce.
maybe a combination of the two
Have an amazing day!!
RT Lets come together, show support  thank for taking a stand for MarriageEquality today.
The Teen Wolf trailer looks so sick
VP Joe Biden gives his opinion on gay marriage.
How does it line up with the President's thoughts?
Happy dads day
The family.
We were a strange little band of characters trudging through life sharing diseases and toothpaste,
RT : Examine the importance of new technology and fabrication techniques to create ornamental forms
To attempt to live beyond what we know is dangerous.
Not to live up to what we know is equally perilous.
Manly P Hall
my sister is a Facebook lurker.
The only way I know she's been logged in is if she pokes me...
if you wanna see an nc show tweet at jonas sees in color and tell them to put us on their local 506 show : .
Neighbors Notes for May 1, 2012  The Advocate
Congrats man!
Great game
has the most beautiful smile!
He has lots to smile about now!!!
ima make you a sandwich kay?
:
The biggest lie I tell myself is...
I dont need to write that down, Ill remember it.
Hey Jenni!
Can you give us an update on Chicago's forecast?
We are a teen webshow that broadcasts live online
Thanks man!
Yucca comes up and candidates say offer deal that makes states compete
Hopefully, aliens also look like babies.
The future will be adorable.
Thank you so much!!
Looking forward to being in the same place!!
:
wat do u have against Madonna huh?
I'm a one woman circus.
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
99.9 of Americans will never understand what caused the housing bubble.
Gloomy day in the QC...
Just redesigned my twitter homepage.
Nite all!
Finally getting myself to read the lord of the rings books
I think my frustration is with formal tests, specifically the TAPS3, TOLC.
'Pie in the sky' idioms
Proud of u bro.

I personally recommend this company for all your website work!
BIG Thanks for all your great work and continued support!
Thankful that He is still God, and that He is not swayed by other's selfish actions.
on Thursday!
I can't wait!
What have you done for your business or yourself lately?
Had an amazing writing session yesterday with the band, getting ready for tour!
Hope you guys are ready!
: I just saved a ton of money on my car insurance!
Hi there!
How are you?
Haha Thanks for showing some love!
LOL!
i always seem to wake up wit scratches and shit all on my arms!!!!
grins yeah you are making me feel much better smiles
Yes, and then when you think they aren't ya got your finger up your nose.
LOL.
We'd love the chance to be Pres, but you're so far away!
How about a location in Seattle?
Those smoker commercials??!
Yeeesh!
I LOVE Sarah Jessica Parker!
Previous rumors revealed that Ford might create a Lincoln version based on the 2011 Explorer, but not much has been heard since
am I an ahole for suggesting a pad of paper and a pen?
yeah, when i dont have so much homework and sleep to catch up on.
Laughing At Random Shit ....
That's When You Know Your Tired lol
Everyone thinks they have a GREAT IDEA that should be bought immediately but most don't understand how much works goes into it all.
Learning real quick.
Any questions for from our Twitter followers?
wcphilly How to write your posts: Keyword density is important
BoyzAreBack ohh boy.tomorrow is gonna be emotional as HELL.
I don't get how the Mighty Ducks' goalie could be responsible, other than her being so hot that my car melted in her presence.
please follow me pretty please!!!!!!!!!
Come out and start the day off right with Int.
Jazz with Bryan at 9:30!!
Let's do this!!!
Contra Alliance 0 comic book under development.
but there's a special place in my heart for Google : I need to research the products to see if one is substantially better!
I love how when I read books I end up talking like the characters a bit.
I might be after taking a shower beforehand it seems
Thanks for the RT  MT  others : TeresaY
hey Anacris how are you ?
i saw them.
I was repulsed by you.
Per usual you pig.
Thank you for trying to stop Kony.
Broke my heart seeing the video.
Hope u get the other boys to join!
Whitney Moses!
You are TERRIFIC!
We couldn't do this with out your help!
Thank you!
this weekend thooooo 
S/O to My Homie The Streets Fux Wit Ya Homie
You gotta join the littlemundster revolution!
ronnie and his mundsters,lol
you kinda don't..
unless you report it..
kinda annoying
Did you get a dui  I can help you, dont get stuck in the court room without an Attorney, let me help you, call me now 7028826007
Well I guess Bobby Petrino will not be doing commercials for Harley Davidson.
But, he could endorse Ashley Madison.
always down to collaborate, don't hesitate to ask if you have a project you need doctorms or electronics on!
ItsAllFunAndGamesTil someone gets hurt and i wont let that be you
Best Birthday Ever!
Yet another reminder that, yes, Ryan Braun will be fine.
Follow Her!!!!!
TeamFollowBackTeam Follow
Lilga why do you like them?!?!
Walking into Kohls  hearing PYHU you automatically know your gonna have a good time shopping.
I am feeling thankful for 2012.
: What's your favorite Hamburger on our menu?
The one that doesn't take 30 minutes to be served after ordering it :P
the show was good !
Great for our first gig !
What is the best way to recover from a workout?
Find us at the in Phoenix this weekend and find out!
I can't respond to your DM bc you're not following me : 
Check out the latest fashions for a cause at TriCity Hospital Foundations Fashion that Heals fashion show on July 19th...
That tweet literally made my day.
Cheered me right up.
Thank you.
Join Bob  Signe for a free QA about PitchFest at the Stand Up Comedy Clinic at 7:30, Fri, May 18: 1213 W Magnolia Blvd, Burbank, CA 91506
Jaguar Announces Future Powertrains
would you be interested in chatting in more detail about Switzerland Fashion Week on our show?
But then again, it was a good life lesson :
Ready for SALSA Cesar Bauvallet y Tradiciones  7pm, ABQ Museum Amphitheater, Old Town.
Be there!!!!!
no national tv for vs sabres.
Have to see on Center Ice.
Definitely worth watching.
Linnton resident reminds us about the potential 4 a large earthquake.
Asks that emergency mgmt be elevated in plan.
Says watch 11th Hou
Today is the birthday of the Mustang!
Happy Birthday to Baby Stang, Lady, and Chewy!!
So now you TRILL, instead of 'BASED?
: likewise!
Nice to meet and see you both.
Great discussion.
Enjoyed the day on the Mall with all the people who came for the Rally to Restore Sanity.
Great Jon and Stephen!
it's a show from the 90s about babies that are able to talk
Chillin at the new tattoo studio in San Marcos, TX.
NO SURRENDER tattoos
It's getting ready to be a smaller world after all if the mouse doesn't take me of this fucking boat!
The smell of mulch in the morning....
gag
Spa Technologies' supreme seaweed skincare specialist Dan Fryda on the Kat James show.
Click on our site and get a wave of inspiration...
We're doing a really cool photo shoot for our upcoming show BOMBS, BABES AND BINGO and we need a makeupartist.
Know anybody in Chicago?
Thank you Close for backing us!!
:
I want you
As Clint says deserves got nothing to do with it.
It just sort of happened.
Not really a big deal, IMO.
Not feeling alot of people right now...
When playing the mother on 3 1/2 men how easy/hard was it to play that character?
Our new sanctuary is all set to go!
Spirit continues to flow!
Big ?
from Wireless Wellness session: how do we reach the 45 who aren't interested in personal or group health tracking?
IfonlyYouCould see me when u say goodbye
hahahah seriously!!!
I love it
You do the same!
Enjoy some RR.
The WomeninAV have been working hard enough all week!
:
Hahaha...I love how he's stuck on her dick for no reason.
.
It's going to take me a while to recover from this.
But a mini pizza and breadsticks at Noble Romans should help.
So glad it's Small Business Saturday!
Wanna jump start the economy?
Shop small businesses today and everyday.
wow guys i feel blessed right now i got a cute boyfriend, amazing WilDChildZ and i just have to meet 5 famous people :P
: ASU, hm?
That's my school of choice for next fall.
I'll be taking it online.
And I dig your merch.
Thanks for the follow.
Discovered an issue with 1Password syncing properly  dev version of Chrome.
Support had a fix for me within minutes.
Thanks !
in nyc and considering having solo korean girl karaoke woodshed session.
anyone want to meet up?
lost to Griffin in slam dunk last year right?
Would you want me to write an initial No Meet W/ Corp Lobbyists Pledge ...
Check out our video of Tuesday's 17th Street High Heel Race, won by the fast and furiously stoned Amy Winehouse....
loved it
The annoying freshman in my Spanish class
Setting up jolicloud on dell c600.
OS works great, but the pc is way too slow with 128mb.
Looking for 512 pc133 sodimm if anyone has one.
I need to get an oil change, my car washed, and fill out applications today.
I think it's time to get out of bed.
Great to see you!
Hope you had a nice weekend
Catch my feelings bitch
Rickey Gervais, funnier as Simpsons character or Golden Globe Awards host?
Warm up the bus time!
Go Demons!
MTV was good asf like in 2005
Cause I'm A  Nigga   I Want To Be A  Model  .
I Have A Photo Shoot Tomorrow  !
Do you create a to do list everyday?
I'm getting in this habit because I find I get a LOT more accomplished when I do: how about you?
My hair feels so long today....
Hmm 3
Go Patriots!
Wearing my jersey!
I am going to see Hunger Games later today at the local multiplex
Gabe y don't you dance with Dejan anymore please awnser
Thank you everyone for comming to my Zumba In the circuit at Tierrasnta.
it was full house.
Awesome!
Have a nice weekend!
Congrats to and for a smashing opening night
Love Pinterest!
RT ANW joined PINTEREST!
We're featuring a couple boards with production stills from the ANW vault and design.
RT lol shes on some other ish !!!!
always!
that's your moms for you xD
Just going through the motions to get through the day.
I just picked up a newly longarmed quilt.
Sally at Windy City Quilting RULES!
And I can't wait to finish this one.
I might have to make 2!
Sometimes the power goes out and you're just glad Twitter has an app.
Deep Seat
The greatest gift of all is Family.
Sweden, what I have to do to become a citizen?
I'm willing to cook reindeer if need be.
Now is not the time to raise them when we have all this wasteful spending going on
You would be so Much easier to understand if u would just STFU!
Goin to bed.
Not in a good mood.
I just started it.
E!
Playing Michelangelo's this Friday night.
CD comes in the mail this week!
RT :  Nuggethead would make a great Pez dispenser.
Now we're talking!
There has to be more to life than this.
overheard at work
If I owned a pink article of clothing I'd wear it, but I don't so...
The doorman here looks like the Undertaker
they moved here to be apart of Reverse
cash money!!!
I still like you I just said that to make you think I am happy and proud
Are you happy just to be alive today?
was there supposed to be a link here?
Please Follow  Thanks!
Happy Mothers Day, to the most amazing strongest beautifulest women in my life.
I love you, mummy.
3 xo
Praying pastors in time beget praying churches.
J.
T.
Pugh in For Preachers Only
Just signed up
People's hard work never gets appreciated .....
Smh
Telling jokes.
Is gaga a man?
I wish I was going to Brimfield.
cc: Have fun w/o me and snap tons of pics pretty please.
Hi Nice thought!
What are your views on the Indian education system?
Your is on the way.
No more pouty face.
lol
Someone thinks I'm a library  has offered me a free trial of a cloudbased reference library.
Looks very STEM, tho.
A rare sack by thePackers...Packers need a score on this doctorve with 7:48 left down 10
once this rain stops, I hope to pedicab...but I may just head out for doctornks tonight instead.
doctoramt that I got caught in a gun trade and when I backed out, Ron Pearlman tried to send me to Ireland
I feel the same way!
I see larger counties were against.
Like Wake, Durham, Orange, and Mecklenburg.
Ppl here need to grow up!!
72 of online campaign ads are inadvertently displayed next to content deemed not brand safe comscore2012
what are you wowing?
Lol
Trying to get to notice you but he wont
Support the movement please retweet to your followers and lets raise money!
RunToStopDiabetes.com
Downtown wit the old heads looking for the bittys
This is going to be the best four hours of sleep...ever.
and standing at the play without the ball isn't useless too????!!!!!!!
you're welcome
Lindsay Lohan Dines With Woody Allen In New York huffpost Will she be the next mister.
Allen?
Thank YOU !
Thank you, Nato!
MT for being one of the only journalists in the Yay Area who cares about comedy.
And is nice to me.
Follow me n b followed......Limited Offer.....
Here's another great idea...let's camp in the Amazon under trees filled with hanging, moving dolls.
Back in KC  short stop doctornking some Cep Rose!!!
m...mutha fn good
I'm afraid of the answer RT : With Morgan in a runoff does this mean we get more awesome commercials?
cc
thank you for your !
If you share any professorssional interest in Postal Affairs, please follow me Thanks!
I love how supportive my dad is of me and my music.
He told me he doesn't care how much money I'll be making, whether or not I solo...
If you're going to doctoram, doctoram big!
Wiz
lol i know right.....
My mom is crackkkin me up.
glad cuse got it back together today...
good prep for next week 
Read 15 art mags over the break.
I feel simultaneously caught up and totally out of the loop.
this video had shown up on my tumblr dash on some woman beating her 8mo child 
If you want to rail against guns and certain types of laws, do it somewhere else.
Neither of those helps establish the facts.
RT : Loving my BigOven app.
I have lots of things I want to cook/bake now!
always ignored
You'll never change !
You call it weird and I call it cool.
To me weird is cool, so don't make fun of people or act like weird is a bad thing.
So there.
:P
In the market outcomes are for sale.
Define your outcomes, focus on outcomes not metrics, find rational funders as buyers.
YESS!!!
: Luke: Webb is scheduled to sign his contract in Baltimore next week, so no press conference until then, per the Ravens.
Theres a place you can touch a woman that will doctorve her crazy ...
her heart
Justin follows you,thats very very lucky :
Going all Crazy for God on mother's day in Jacksonville.we have a special treatment for all the mothers in the building and the world
I will defer to your knowledge.
Just notice way less controversy/issues in the BL than EPL.
Seems England has the worst to me atm
how can u only hv less then 3K?
Happy Leap Day!!
:
RT : Meth.
RT : I cant wait to cook  in my slow cooker.
The mind is not a vessel to be filled, but a fire to be kindled.
Paul Weyland favorite quoteEveryone who's ever taken a shower has had an idea.
Hi everyone!
Tell me how these actions relate to the impartial nature of the paper.
Got a job working at best buy computers!!!!
Yays!!!
Nice.
Do you know when the pub date is?
Thanks for the add...
Yes !
how many ?
hanging out with ...
where are you that its still light out!?!?!
LOL!!
that is a FINE looking man!!:
I hear lawn mowers outside, already out lawn mowing so early, WOW !!!
Still working on my doctorwling of hope he likes it when it's done gonna post it later.
as are you!
Has there been a band called hairpool yet?
lol ikr but I do that sometimes because the guy has a cute professorle pic lol
NEVER MIND FUCK THAT LAST TWEET  ARE OPENING FOR HIM  WIZ.
Yeah I'll be there.
Must meaningful thing I've heard all day: ...hurt people, hurt people....
Lookin back on life, I c that couldn't b more tru.
1 can put a thousand to flight,2 can put 10,000!
there's more power in us linking arms  joining forces in the Kingdom than standing alone
Water for Elephants is making me incredibly emotional.
I do not appreciate this roller coaster of emotion.
Hi,it does
why are so expensive?...It makes me sad that i can barely afford them 
Baltimore businesses can save money by recycling.
Ask us how  Office of Recycling  4103964511!
yeah!
Still stoked about the movie.
I've noticed it's very common for Lakers players to have bad attitudes and anger problems...
Im just sayinnn!
I love with all my heart.
I hope that someday my doctorams will come true and he'll follow me.
It would mean the absolute world.
This is the definition of BULL SHIT!
The giants had that game..
GO FUCK YOURSELF GREENBAY!
Really wish admin had chosen some other name for its 'everywoman' isthisgonnagoonforrestofelection?
Super impressed with marketing/content strategy.
Will attempt to do similar things with
If i remember right...it's in January.
I grew up watching Wizards, and now it's over??
It would sell
You make me feel like I'm not good enough for you but truth is, I'm too good for you.
Everyone should stop by  get your Italian on or go w/ our Feat.
5 Footlong, Jalapeno Tuna, to get your Value on.
It's got a kick!
what??
Guess I know where I'm headed today!!
He may be annoying at times  he can be embarrassing, but say a prayer for my bro tonight.
In the hospital w/ one of his episodes.
Love ya!
thats not saying a lot.
keep cool this summer man!
We feel a small amount of your pain!
Attending session Learning futures in the digital age
don't know if ima b able to get tix for this club paradise tour,pure jealousy doesn't allow me to be happy for u
I should be getting ready to go out but I simply can't put down the book Fashion Babylon!
highly unlikely
does anyone so cheerleading?
if so i need some advice for next year!
3 i'd love you forever
Was a good citizen and got my flu shot to do my part for herd immunity.
The nurse was so good I actually didn't feel it!
Please take the time to follow
The decision has been made....
:
I could watch Dead End Hip Hop album reviews all day long
Awww best friends :
The CM panel is missing a puppy AND Matthew Harper from Sony  he has great insights into Community Management cc/
Money can't buy you real love or true happiness, but it can give you choices.
moreplease for me and moreplease for you.
i miss you.
let's make film get into Toronto so i can visit.
Ah prom is tomorrow.
oh my gosh....need to tweet!
Are you okay, Unni?
umm....
you have butter on your nose.
can I have that lol
When I'm done working the breakfast shift, I'll have to read the directions and figure it out.
of course it is.
But so what, its sexy lol.
I don't think the modern Republican respects how other people were born OR what choices they make.
Now...don't kick it to connelly!
girl she a mess good night tho suwoop I'm sleepy 
I'm obsessed with One Direction.
Just a lil bit.
I FUCKING LOVE THEM!!!!!!!
Everyone should go follow my bro and his bro !!
both got madd swag!
same here  866 only.
Happy Birthday to my bestest friend and sister from another mister Porschia!!!!!!
There is no place like home
that is insane
I got work period for this project slim notbraggin.
I know u gon get dat joint dat boofini work!
OvariosMuertos x.x
Wow.
I had a flashback about the Organ Grinder all of a sudden.
Live, laugh, love...
LEARN!
oh my goodness, you're right.
Yes...please.
Become a Lebron fan NOW.
finish strong PT.
Get that piece of paper and let me know when you get back home we have work to do
The are excited to be here Engage2011 Thanks for having us!!
Right back at ya!
RT : Bikram  Thunder  Lightening  Magic.
: Thanks for the extra push,
how long did it take u to make the world's biggest skateboad
Student printing is back up!
Thank you, Technology, for resolving the issue!!!
I swear if I still bit my nails they would never grow back with all these OTs
Somethings are not always broken, it's the way you treat them that need to be fixed
f u
i'm gonna STOP caring for others as much as i do.
because at the end i'm the one that ends up fucked.
CMA's, recording xfactor.
:
Everything in moderation including moderation!
Just destroyed a room full of 9 year olds at laser tag!
Kentuckybound!
On our way to Paducah for tonight's show benefitting BEADS OF COURAGE!
Hope to see you at there!!
P.S.
did I mention...
Man.
My tweeps are doctorpping wisdom today.
Love it
What's up?
What did the rest of the team do?
Video Games
Hey , who do I complain to about your Kindle subscriptions.
There are some fatal flaws
just had my name pronounced with a real british accent.
sounds so much cooler that way :
Journal 3 is due to the D2L doctorpbox tomorrow.
Happy Halloween!
ohmygosh...
auditioning for beach singers today..
We can only pray we gave you a false sense of hope and you fuck it up.
It is shit being a football fan from Sheffield.
hey Kare intern Brian here just wishing you well out in Cali!
What's gd people y'all need to go to brohydemusic.com n listen to tracks upcoming events n check out our photo gallery Brohydez we da bay!
thanks, buddy : you're the best..
Enjoyed THE BROOD last night at  another Late Nite Grindhouse show, presented by !
Working on book order
warped tour, hurry uup!
ok you see my tweets!
so marry me..
lol but please reply to my dm.
i legit challenge u to a bball game in nyc.
dm me if ur in.
That was some crazy s..t!
I could almost feel the pain just by looking at it.
Looking forward to seeing and meeting all of the grantees tonight!
Good luck getting anything done today Ang!
They are addicting.
Don't download doctorw Something.
Just don't do it!
What is Opportunity in your Hand Worth !
www.justsmellsogoodnation.com
Santigold  Desperate Youth
I am working on a new dating site niche, I will let you know how it plays out.
Sorry Scott, beers on us!
time to go socialize, doctornk, eat, test out my new punkin bread recipe!
Have fun tonight!
Bummed to miss, but I am taking a long weekend home on Father's Day!
Online college education helps you to amplify your scope of thinking.
You can continue to earn simultaneously
Effie's corset was too tight.
She died from lack of air.
Sorry, she doesn't count.
i know what your going through, its hard, but when it goes away, you will be beyond happy.
staystrong 
: the holiday in a cup/herbal.
it was delicious!
Try Pink Parachute next time, equally as delicious!
Sometimes I wish I would have started up a gospel group like I planned
same ol same ol man.
How's college??
i love it when 16 year olds say When I was younger xD P.L.U.R.3
If this lil boy don't quit humming Rolling in the deep smh lol
Gtg bye; see yhall in the morning!!!
Here at the cysummit Can't wait to see and missing
Black Keys, who has an extra ticket?
up until this point ive lived my life w/no goals
hoping to see you get ur supafly on at our 80sNight at GOLD the19th.
Bring bitches.
LOL
I'm so scared to watch final destination 5.
I can't handle these movies anymore :/ i get scared too easily D,:
glorious Shanghai String Quartet concert last night in Boston: hadn't seen each other in yrs.
We must play/record together again!
Time for a little GOOD NEWS: The girl we reported missing earlier has been found and is now safe at home with her family!
;
North Carolina passed interracial marriage, you guys!
just need to win.
even if lou williams lost his scoring touch.
Feels like a doctorw something kind of day.
boredtotears
funny thing is, i've been to more than half of the states in the US.
it's time i broaden my horizons.
in due time.
Mega busy day.
Tracked 5 songs this morning, then overdubs after lunch, then 2 vocals, now have to mix 13.
Gonna be d.e.a.d.
later.
4 MINUTES TILL LAUNCH!!
NASA  sts134
Thanks for taking the time to look into the price of BCBS at GATG.
Have a great New Year.
: ivy, she looks the part and needs a second chance.
Even tho she has some issues
thanks for our awesome wordpress theme update for our home page.
It's a pleasure to use :
funny when a girl asks a guy why don't you have a girlfriend?
what answer are you looking for?
cuz I'm a gay serial killer

I'm thinking Danm .....I care a lot about Ur crazy ass...smh
IGoToASchool where everybody thinks they know you because of what they heard
Got some good books from the thrift store:
hey sexy thing, how's it hanging bro
The only reason I didn't call and curse u is cause of ur brother....but still ..u never call
She lies and says shes in love with him!!!
cant find a better man!
im getting dms lyk every second
See?
The decision to move is already helping you pursue sth you love!
: Writing gigs in Jeff...
I'll keep my ears open
Are you seeing a Smooth Jazz Christmas at the Mesa Arts Center?
Stop by the Orange Iguana after the show for dinner and doctornks!
That's right, we're taking over the world, one meeting at a time!
I'm having one of those I wish we had White Castle kind of nights.
Our Sunday brunch is a heck of a delicious way to end the weekend.
Glad we can help.
Just DM us your preference of background.
Favorite team, celeb, company, colors or anything u would like to see.
Woohoo!
I'll be in China for 36 days beginning April 8th.
I hope to bring you some interesting insights into the Chinese housing market.
just want it to be July
hacked the first day on twitter nice
Need not be well written; just enough info for learning strategists to know what students are learning
Im Justin Bieber You guys might know me as the guy who sings Baby You know, uh, Im a singer, pop singer Im white ..
haha cute:
Take a look at the link below and you can view articles form the past 9 months from our online race magazine!
Great feature!!!
I may  or may not  have just ordered all the marvel movies
wait that was so weird I literally jsut logged back on a sec ago bc i finished my hw and than u tweeted mee haha and sure!
The whistles and sirens from the yachts are heard...
Until there is a perfect pandemonium of sound.
STRANGE INTERLUDE
Thanks for theRT!!!
doesnt even really say!
I'M A GOOFY GOOBER YEAH!
Nice brand placement by Subway on Giants Justin Tuck 's jacket during Sportscenter interview.
NHL Capsules  San Jose Mercury News: STOCKHOLMBobby Ryan scored the only goal in a shootout and the Anaheim Ducks offset New York g...
Diamonds are a Girls Best Friends ..
If you roll a 20, you get Auchentoshan 21 year.
If you roll a 1, you get Everclear.
Hit the gym early this am with beat the monday
thinking about a comeback yet
Keep in mind our sample kit jars are all under the 3 oz.
travel size requirement.
So YES u can fly with it.
say what?
Agree!
RT Combination of factors, conflicting frameworks, lack of comfort, perilous positions.
Why not.
good luck
We must recognize that the suffering of one person or one nation is the suffering of humanity.
That the happiness of one person or nation
Obsessing over our gold dupioni silk table runners for this weekend's tablescape...
they are doctorol worthy beautiful!
3
Please don't open links coming from anyone else other than the hosts
How about 2 RESPONSE: HTTP/1.1 101 Websocket Protocol Handshake rn CONNECTION: Upgradern ...
PARSE ...rn
EZTAXI : RT : I texted yellow cab.
What's the txt  for Flash?
I didn't store it.
They are so much faster, too
She really sang it well!
RT : Love Kelly Clarkson!!!
Hello friends!
Happy to connect with you on Twitter!
:Amazes me how a cookie can create millions of fans in Facebook and so much buzz in social media.
Great job Oreo!
the weekend?
because your an ass hole!
You have no idea what you actually want.
And you really have no idea what love is!
Good studio session with passed up tonight!
Come on Bruins!
Can we start tracking Peyton's whereabouts on NORAD like Santa on Christmas Eve?
Naa You Looked Hella Fine:
I'll be able to make it through the rest of the day now that I know that Goldie Hawn ate at Cafe Milano over the weekend.
Plan: Wake up, Dunkin Donuts, Get Pumped, Not Sweat, Rock the Interview!
sometimes i wish i could just pick up the phone and say everything...but whats left to say?
not today!
It's so hot!
is thinking about heading to bed!
waking up and its gloomy outside...my kind of weather ;
Do something that makes you nervous each day.
Try a new cuisine, for instance, or wave a sausage in front of a feral dog while skydiving.
This girl is the most sweetest person ever!
Sorry lovee!
Hi !!
We see what you're doing there!
When it comes to business success, it's not about the resources, it's about the resourcefulness of the entrepreneur.
Yeah, I'm thinking I might want another opinion once the choices are narrowed, but might be easier to get to that point on my own.
: arrive to office.
Only crumbs r left w/in minutes as coworkers devour these amazing crackers.glad ur enjoying!
Happy Pi Day!
Cybermonday sale of onelight dvd has been great help to me in doing NILMDTS sessions.
apollo Thank You!
you'd be a hot lesbian.
Thanks for the RT!
It was so great seeing you  Saturday.
The FSFChicago event was FAB!
Congrats!
OH.
MY.
GOD.
Ryan is absolutely murdering the ball out there in San Diego.
Red Party tonight people......
safehouse is trending.....
lets get traphouse trending too
SometimesIWonder where I'm gonna be in 5 years...
heck, even 2 years
haha thanks babe!
: is my baby brother and he like has no followers : havent talked to you in a while.
Having my own wine adventure, just like Sideways.
But instead of wine country, I'm home alone.
And instead of wine, I'm doctornking Pabst.
Preach it girl!
woke wit my loves :
Host a party!
More than 80 fragrances and dozens of ways to enjoy them, Scentsy has plenty of creative gift ideas for everyone!
Specyphi tomorrow night at JB tavern in Mt.
Carmel come out and party with us.
Going to be a big time Rock party.
Wsg upNya
You Need Some Subs For That New Shit I Just Put Up Or Some Monitor Speakers Lol .
Norah Jones singing sweet melodies with Puss n' Boots
Probably alone on this, but I think the advertising world does a pretty good job distilling songs to their best parts in commercials.
Its so hard for me to walk away but i know i can't stay3
sorry I thought you may have been a PT I run a directory
Happy first day of spring!
Thanks for the Mention, have a Great week end!!
Ridebsafe!!
EVERYBODY GO SUBSCRIBE TO youtube.com/user/ABTheRapper
Dear , please play 's single 11:11 .
AND I WILL FOREVER BE HAPPY.
3
BrentwoodTNHome RT : Nashville Pizza Co.
in Grassland and Franklin is donating 25 of all professorts tomorrow to the Red Cross
Time moves so slow when Im at work!
I often find myself asking the question, Why do I root for the Chicago Cubs when all they do is put me through pain  anguish?
Whoop, my first blog subscribers!!
So glad I won't be writing to a nonexistent audience entirely.
:
Who's got it better then us?
Noobody!
partying on a friday.....
YES
La Mesa man who lived in house destroyed by fire is in custody on unrelated charges: neighbors complain of constant problems.
you sure do seem to have some adventures
The shoe is just a pedestal of the whole body of the woman.Christian Louboutin
doctorke and Rick Ross should of performed Aston Martin!!!!!!!
I love watching DWTS.
And when my two kids are sleeping , mommy gets to relax.
S/O to making Moves that count...
Automated Business Products 4955 Peoria St.
Denver CO 80239 3037780600 Call or come by and check out our show room.
We have copiers!!
last night was a fantastic show with at
Be sincere; be brief; be seated.
Franklin D.
Roosevelt, on speechmaking
I can't believe it.
The whole crew follows.
DontStop LOVEYOUGUYS.
xoxoxo
just picked up my prom doctorss and jewlery
Best known for her work with FleetwoodMac, StevieNicks performing at the Fillmore tomorrow and Sunday at 8pm
Friday Humor: Don't take life too seriously, you'll never get out of it alive,   Elbert Hubbard
Their losin by 34 wit a whole quarter left to play
Everyone keeps bringing up Prom...
Ugh shut up.
what up Oaktree
need someone to talk to :
Tea bag made by tea leaves picked before Grain Rain:one of the solar terms.
Boseong green tea is palatable to natives of the jeollado
GUD MORNING Everyone.!
Going through my closet to give some clothes to charity.
I always remember the day when I didn't have much so I always try to give back xxo
I know it's trite, but flowers really are nice to have.
You can get them with accompanying chocolates, stuffed animals, etc.
check out end of education next.
You'll love it
Im only silent cuz Im busy .
.
.
this doesnt mean we arent tight anymore.
Come on now .
.
.
Pattie Is Our Beautiful Mama 3
agree the insurance costs have hit me and I'm covered for less.
So...
someone thicks that I'm NayshaLopez.
What do I say?
Steven Beacon goes to Washington to run for President then finds out its on the othere side of the US!!!
We were just voted best tshirt website of the year!
We awarded it to ourselves, but hey, that still counts.
I really wish the AZ cameramen were better at following those massive bombs to straightaway center.
Kirkland Performance Center
LOL Ik I look at it ALL the time I'm like OMG he's so hot!
RT: The anointing has a different sound.
In the woodlands Widespread Panic is going Bananas in the pavilions!
When I see adults with a full set of jacked up teeth, I blame their parents for not getting that sh fixed!!
Congrats to my pals star latronica Barbara Genco Judy Freeman  so many others on the ala Alsc elections
I'm game for the new one if y'all doin that, sold my copy of 12 a few months back
not a wiz fan anymore
looks bromantic sir!
;
Tony dapolito rec center isn't old; its vintage!
In our weekly staff mtng.
Of course the major topic of discussion is Only a little more than 2 weeks away!!!!!!
I love everything coconut lately.
Especially those coconut MMs.
Great first day at NCSL with umwleads...now to do some hw so I can maintain my leadership position
Great night swaggin
Story of my life this last year...
Not sure what to do...ugh
I miss u girlyyy
thanks Harvey.
I got 16 of 18.
Only ones I got wrong were the most games played by NYY  who nicknamed Reggie mister Oct.
Nice job!
Jennifer may I share your tweet with our SOT community please?
That's solidarity!
RT : I canceled my appt today  Kaiser Oak.
Won't cross picket line!
Keep up the good fight for quality,...
The only reason I still have my FB is so my mom knows I am still alive.
Met a bunch of super cool film makers tonight  ActionOnFilm.
International film festival.
Is was great meeting you all !
theme from misterelvedere has been stuck in my head all day.
if only it came with a snarky but efficient British butler
Where u at?????
Are u home for the day?
Maybe a week or so before the event!
Just another day trying to get it, got to beat the odds
My team has 11 accepted offers in 13 days!
Can we go for 12 or 13 today?
LOVE this market!
Just checked the mail.
Sigh.
Still no invite to the Indians Social Suite.
Sigh.
Well I guess I'm gonna go to bed now
sacscoc Teach learning strategies  build confidence of student to help them avoid using crutches.
Karaoke Tonight with The Sexy Silver Tongued Song Master Jimmy Champion and his Back Up Jittery Dancing Diva Anna!!
...
its like wicked sunburn.
Lol.
And getting a rubber band snapped on it.
Just make sure you are well feed and bring gum
one of the best points: Exxon's investment horizon is not the same as Wall Street
we can't wait to host your party...LOL
Omg Tia is not going to be on the next season of the game...
SoonSoonSoon!
RT: OpenOpenOpen!
Any idiot can face a crisis  it's day to day living that wears you out.
Anton Chekhov
Thanks for reaching out.
Welcome to the neighborhood.
: I think millions of readers across the world would simultaneously have a heart attack from sheer joy.
Will they ever learn
RT : The Pisces woman can be fascinating without trying, but She wants to be loved and has to feel protected.
Glad it worked!
:
Have a good day!
:
Really looking forward to seeing Larry David play a nun in the Three Stooges Movie.
I'm sore!
:/ lol can't wait for watch week to be over!
: haha
Happy 25th anniversary TOP GUN!
Babies haven't any hair Old men's heads are just as bare From the cradle to the grave Lies a haircut and a shave.
Samuel Goodman Hoffenstein
Sick!
RT Game Of Thrones is pretty awesome.
Our very own Chef Anisha Jagtap will be speaking on Hamburgers 'Off the Grill, are you going 3/15/12??
So I guess i'll give up and let these tears fall, i've been holding back for so long.
Why am I cooking?
I don't even know how to cook..
Cool.
Sounds Great .
writing it on the schedule now .
a cool thing would be for you to tweet me3 your amazing
HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
I hope you have a fantastic day 333
B.O.B album Strang clouds is tight
I love my baby boy oh so very much.
he means the world to me and he makes me so happy everyday3 IDontReallyCare what you people think c:
lol of coarse Grace especially how good you guys are too me mostly when your nice enough to give me a ride.
Gathering with MD clergy now to strategize the doctoram bill.
school was good i have an EOC tomorrow ahh please be the end of the year im ready to be a sophomore :
If the songs I just recorded come out as good as they sounded in the studio I will be a very happy person
lol yeah i guess!
Yeah, it rarely works with scholars, too.
But sometimes all you are left with is some lighter fluid.
Up in the Gym about ready to get these workouts done.
How have you been?
Give me a call later when you can
Borrowing music from daniel?
Yep.
Work  Internet  It is about timethank god
HAHA I did say that!
But dont get to excited about having success against the Brewers Minor league team.
This team has 2 hitters
Wait....
Obama gave the douche from Jersey Shore his own room in the White House?
Allow me to weigh in to question.
STIMULUS.
Big projects stimulate PRIVATE investment in areas beyond the subsidy.
...past his prime, but still elite!
OMG JUSTIN BOYFRIEND IN UK AMAZING 3
Thanks , , Adoctoran from , , WardCo and others for stopping by the Writers Club tonight.
Loved that nonGreek students attended Greek flagged txsummit sessions!
And there go the car alarms.
That shook the windows.
Watching Elf....
Hilarious!!
I would but I dont have ur number
Paul's Boutique is a work of art.
High Plains doctorfter, Hey Ladies, and Shadoctorch are jewels.
The whole LP?
Inventive and funny.
my streak of appearing in 12 consecutive year books is over :
I bet Hagen is super excited!
I can't believe Bri is graduating!!
Happy Holidays!
xoxo
young hearts be free tonight time is on your side
1st question with our new name: if you could do anything for college credit, what would it be?
shopping, eating, laughing, breathing...
Today's Layoff Bounceback Tip: Keep track of your job search efforts so you can follow up with employers and contacts.
you sound very angry, behan!
AUGH SO HAPPY.
RT : we're getting married!!!
only the threat of dismemberment is keeping us from eloping
Ski Mask Way
Wow.
My internet just got a LOT prettier.
Good morning to you.
Hope you have a great day!
Snuggled with in between classes
yay!
Can't wait to see them!
guys should stop thinking with thier heads and stop thinking with thier heads
come check out Filabusta band tonight!
9pm come dance the night away
Found a treasure for this weeks hymn.
Be sure to check it out either on fb or ahymnaweek.com.
The great recession was caused by subprime mortgages.
Subprime mortgages was caused by income inequality which republicans provided the rich
Who is stoked for our show this Saturday at club 156?!?!
How come when I reach out my fingers it feels like more then distance between us?
Did you go back to Old Nassau for Alumni Day?
Tell us about it!!
I don't care if your sold out, I'm showing up anyway .
People are like seasons, they're bound to change
you have a star wars tattoo?
Marty me?
2 hours down, 8 more to go!
ok I'm jealous...
I hate when i get 2 crushin over men that arent single smh damn if they not married yet its fair game
TKS for the follow, see the image attacheddesign based on childoctorn's garden.
Will donate art if you can use it, let me know.
itd mean the world to me if u RTed this!!!
Thats what you get for talkin sht about us.
You just blew ur new money contracts dummy.
Ur a true choker.
Thanks for the RT!
My elbow can predict when the weather is goin to be cold or rain
Is thrumming always monotonous?
Oh, Monday..
how I missed you.
I want to go to the mall.
I need a new nose ring.
yeah smart phones are a pain in the ass.
About to watch the kids play some soccer:
hey Keith we r having a benefit for on April 28th.
Any chance u could donate something signed???
The Bare Knuckle Boxers playing all day!
Step Dancers at 2pm
Hehe   glad that you're smiling ; I'm good, thank you xo
bahaha that is so true!
Youve witnessed this first hand!!
:
And dogs and cats!
RT: I'm going to start a social media conference where we talk about the weather and sports.
That's my point.
MT : That is the most boring debate ever.
Why don't you two talk over tea and crumpets?
Couldn't resist.
Had to buy a mega millions ticket!
I've taught kids about the lipstick pistol.
Now, I can say that I've held a mustache gun.
My little butterfly is giving me the death grip while we are in line for the 's lights out haunted house!
Did I ever tell you that my Orientation Leader partner is a ninja...her name is Sammi Biri, Google her...
good morning
Eating dinner while watching Grime Scene: Crime Scene Clean Up...that's normal, right?
Our 3rd annual paintballing event is about to get started!
Pics coming soon!
duh !!
Happy birthday!!
On way to boston for show ROYALE!
Gonna b an awesome set tonight!
Making bracelets!
It's not you.
I'm on 247 Bobbi Kristina watch which makes it hard to leave the house...
The Pic Just Sent Me Lawddddd !
PVIFF bound in couple hours.
Hopefully we can come home with win for our screenplay Wednesdays at the Gem!
Will be good time either way!
Google will lockout/delete accounts of people who are not using their real names.
And they are serious about it.
She frontin, she is a video vixen RT : ii dont wana be in no music video!
it was an incredible experience.
I am not unfortunately.
The fam is in destin this week and will be coming home on Sunday
Thanks girl!
We were just all around downtown.
It was pretty crazy out.
Miss you!
I love so much : like it's unbelievable how much i adore you 3 BELIEBERS VS.
THE WORLD :
Seminar Series Offers Canadian Data Center professorssionals BICSI and AIA Credits for Power and Cooling Efficiency
ppl w tatts r way more fun 2 c NAKED!!!!
Ugh I gotta wake up at like 7am to go shopping for a doctorss for athletic awards Monday ...
hey you.
Follow us back!
But if you want to be in the hospital, I'll be happy to put you there...in the MORGUE!!
Anyone know a way so that only selected Circles on Google show up in your gChat list?
I just want certain circles to show up.
doctor Giedds: can humans multitask?
Poss not.
Rather we switch back  forth quickly.
But with small multitasking tax
The refs in this Nuggets game need to be fired...seriously
Ust had a great nap!!
:D
The wealth of the sinner belongs to the righteous man.
Proverbs 13:22
Coming up next on the TJMS: Damon Williams and Seriously Ignorant News!!
oh you know me..puffin a cig in the bathroom stall
3WordsOfAdvice: Love yourself first.
Going out with the high school crew.
Gotta love mah girls !
We'll have glutenfree Jumbo Honey Currant Muffins at the Hillsboro FM on Saturday.
I had one for breakfast this morning.
So good!
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!
That was one of the nicest showers I've ever had.
Omg
I pick Paul George to win dunk contest.
But I actually can, so invite me.
I wonder how many places he played where he got stuck with the audience behind him?
omg I'm devastated
So who do u guys think won the debate or would like 2 see as president?
Seeing how U support cynicism  Retweet against Quadoctor
most def goodtimes my love 3 your amazing.
The best ; :D
Would you be up to go grab a beer in the next week or two?
Hey !
Thanks for all the support and the retweet!
oh  to be clear  I'm just talking smack.
Nothing official.
But don't worry, Danny's never leaving the hill.
None.
The Olympics are a complete fraud.
At least the rules and the IOC are.
ill come after exit interviews
thanks for following me : So lovely to meet you...
thanks for coming out.
Russian Ivy love it!!!
I got the one about a Chat session but I've been unable to make it over there.
That's the only one.
DeadlyTermsUsedByaWomen THATS OK: we are thinking long and hard on how  when you will pay for your mistake.
Awwh yeah!
markmartin in 8th :D come on now!
bring it home!
:
Speed van shooter is in custody now..
details coming at 12pm on
HERES TO ALL Username or Password incorrect.
TELL ME WHICH ONE YOU SON OF A BITCH
When I need you, you're not there.
When I moved on and forgot about you, you come back.
Worked w/ a young player today.
Was going 2 use Lebron James as a point of reference,until he informed me that he doesn't know who that is
Any predictions on February weather?
MantaSMB What steps is Manta using to promote their site, so listed businesses get maximum exposure from being on the site?
WW Thanks for the mention, Mark!
Back at 'cha!
Crowd at occupyLA begins to sit down and chant we are not moving!
Awesome, glad you enjoyed!
Come back soon and we'll hook you up!
So, last night I doctoramed that I finished my wordcount and was done with my doctorft.
Then I woke up, and now I have to do it all again :P
I know lol
lucky mexican moms in the USA that get celebrated for mothers day twice
Many talk importance of people/passion.
Few incorporate strategies to reinforce re: Hseih.
Biz would b better if words were axn
Fancy!
RT : OMG!
will get a SHOUT in 5hrs when RamonWOW takes the stage in Sydney, Australia
I hate when people act like childoctorn
Some dudes get the wrong females pregnant
I am NOT proud of my name, it is TRULY a blessing from the stars that i have the name Phrygi, now Freije
Bout too watch the game at my patna house!
You seem like a young person with an older soul.
they ass weak
We're in Shreveport next weekend NRFL holla at us
sounds like a plan...
Well it says you're following me.
everybody dies but not everybody lives 
Yes.
Our listing manager sends it in our reports to our sellers.
It's awesome!
Yay Robert!
Welcome
I'm kinda thinking the guy in the glasses is pretty hot..won't know for sure until he takes his shirt off
Grrrrrrr this seriously blew my mood...
I've had months to prepare but reality is real!
Sgt Pressman is getting the privates into blogging shape at Nashville Wordpress Bootcamp
no were jst friends :
it's bike month and bike lanes are more than Transpo and is the only one who sees the light with bike transpo
Tomorrow's the day!
We are excited to see all of the highimpact environmental applications.
I watch Disney Channel substitutes 
im very impressed that looks awesome!
i need a couple good books published 2011 or 2012 for 1st and 2nd grade.
Twitter go!
Can't beat a sunny toronto and smartypants audiences
nice use of rn't.
North!
North!
I'm going North!
When someone tells you to follow them but their Username doesn't exist...
Blog vs Fbook RT :Interesting social trend: More  more companies are quitting blogging  just using Fbook instead...
how about we play chess on the computer?!
I regularly guzzle an inordinate amount of water, but on days when I  it just never seems enough.
Time to bust out the coconut water 
love this season of Apprentice!
But surprised it seems is the only task client who didn't contribute extra 
OMG Watching JT in SNL on MTV!
Yay got the scholarship for thai school..
I start this month to excited!!!
My theme song, Michael Knight, is blasting in my ears as I roll into Dallas to visit the Garland Fam.
OMG it is way too early!!
i cant read it !
:P omg i want to read it!
Products are made in the factory, but brands are created in the mind
Out of curiiousity, I clicked on your link, but it didn't take me to the landing page.
I was hoping to read / see Kates story
got the never say never fan cut.
real swagger.
like to use that word, even he it doesn't fit in my sentence.
follow me please
Today's pizza is Hawaiian!
Canadian bacon, smoked gouda, and pineapple just 12 and free toasted ravioli when you mention this tweet.
Where is it based?
I may be interested.
What info do you need?
Email us and we'll do our best.
GM peeps...feeling blessed and ready to start off Tuesday ; now where the efff is my coffee 
And to think the Lakers turned down Bass and Rondo for Gasol
Anderson Cooper?
Lol
..theres no place like home..
..theres no place like home..
..theres no place like HOME..
This.
RT : Awesome...
Well, if it's a birthday present, it's a necessary ;
4 success factors in networks: intentional process, focus on relationships, bldg momentum thu action, engaging levels
come on now coloring books aren't vegan?
What next, broccoli?
:
This late and Im still waiting?
lost big last night to Arkansas Wings by like 20.
Kids got over confident after Cali Supreme win!
IMO.
Game against BABC at 8
freezing doctorzzle and west
new track So much Gwalla ft.
is a banger!!!!
Newest and hottest record out!!!!!
Any Friday the 13th gigs tonight?
Who's playin?
If you suggest not following , does it reply to you with your answer?
answering my mom only with song lyrics from now on
did you receive the email?
you're about 3 minutes late for there to be any truth to that statement...
Line starts at 4:30pm in the Home Court Gift Shop.
Headshots  Never wear solid black, white or red.
Compliment your skin tone and eye color, shoot against a pale, cheerful backdoctorp.
You too!
Can I get some birthday mentionss?
Is it possible to get some of these things on the older buses?
A WWII film this Saturday: Terrence Malick's adaptation of James Jones' THE THIN RED LINE.
Starts at 1PM, free with Library admission!
i did!
Former Spur Ian Mahinmi getting some playing time for Mavs.
Heat lead 6764 after 3rd quarter.
tonight: Echo Parkian painter Mari Eastman gives artist talk , 7pm
When I was growin up I wanted to be a doctor or some shit now kids growin up people wanna be rappers...
What the fuck happend
I listen to old podcasts from NPR or boogie to some old vinyls
That Awkward Moment When Someone Yells At You For Clicking A Pen But You Have To Click It One More Time To Use it ..
I'm sorry!!
Well your the best Mexican I know!!!!
You and Gonna follow meh?
Did you finish the first one?
dear I know I have said this before, but u never respond.
When will u be on ?
I would gladly subscribe through the internet.
3 me
Funnier still...He doctorve off both times.Individual is not raggedy.Clean clothes.Truck looks fairly new...
No biggie I won three kids choice awards...
You can fellash me later
I don't know about me but I know about you so say hello to falsetto in 3...2...swag.
Don't let something that doesn't matter cause you to lose something that does.
Yawnstretchblurry eyesfoggy brain.
Coffee...my kingdom for a hot steamy cup of coffee.
There are still so many words to go...
Worst night's sleep.
Ever.
Eagles game on deck lets see what they do
if you live near a Lululemon stop by and sign up for 1 of their weekly yoga or fitness classes!
great way to get in shape for free!
u should have on your show :
im from Chicago but i been in sac for awhile.
na i dont know who that is.
u know em?
Busy day at the firm, several client alerts coming out about familybased visas, H2 program, and an update for nurses.
why are you so stupid :/
Read T.
Wynn's blog  www.twynntales.com I think b4 the end of this week my topic will be on loyalty.
RT : I am filled with encouragement and overflowing with joy, despite all our troubles  2 Corinthians 7:4
: If you are 6 feet 2 inches tall, then you are taller than 94 of the world.
I'm a big fan of pizza party of one!
thanks.
mario?
right?
Austin here.
Thanks for following!
: 3
the movie!
And your cinco.
Another big S/O to You're the best!!!
:
Happy holidays from your friends at Semantic Arts!
Studies show lack of water is the 1 trigger of daytime fatigue...Good bye RockStar...Hello Aquafina :
They are crying because he won't be suspended I guess.
Too many fans watch games with blinders on.
Apparently the time planting the childoctorn's garden has even effected the way I talk.
I unironically said 'that's a tough row to hoe' this AM
you've now gotten a bob carlisle song stuck in my head :
Cold in VT today
haha I literally LOL'd xD it's funny seeing bios like that!
SMH on young moms y'all hoes need to keep y'all mofocking panties on and stop having sex
We have been insanely busy writing new music and getting ready for some upcoming shows.what exactly have you been doing?
The same could be said about Mark Schanowski, as well.
Pretty much every pre/post game host in Chicago is a massive homer.
I'm pretty sure it should be illegal for lebron James and Dwayne wade to be on the same team.
or a necessary flip?
yes.
RT : replace critical thinking w/design thinking  interesting flip
my eye hurts like a mother fucker
no...
it means doctornkability!
We're thrilled to welcome you as one of three 201213 Scholars' Lab Grad Fellows!
hahaha, dang.
Become a nurse!
give me your EMT job: lol.
that smile gets me every time....
I like really really want a macbook for my graduation.
Okay I got u ;
HER GIRL FRIDAY is looking for a FEW GOOD VOLUNTEERS for next Friday's rooftop mixer!
INQUIRE WITHIN:
I love you so very much and I think your really pretty and I hope I get to meet u again for my birthday but pleasee follow me
Denver will be lucky to have you...good luck, Godspeed,  safe travels :
Off to see The Bluest Eye in Santa Monica.
Second play I've seen this month this is a habit I'd like to keep!
it was aswell!
Hahahahaha the shame!
I got u check me out also TheMsMckoy my channel I love him.
is excited for Tailgate Tuesday!!!
tomorrow!
6  9 pm, Dan McGuiness on Demonbreun!
worst NBA team ever RT With tonight's loss to the Bulls, Michael Jordan's Bobcats have now lost 19 games by 20 or more points
Windows is terrible Tiff.
Come on to Mac girl!
:D
Tired but it's been a good day  this weekend is gonna be sweet
Black guy sup with the white guy he ok need him to tweet!
Pats fan
Can we reenact a poordecisions version of wedding crashers?
and it's infront of 500 people and i need to wear a shirt and and and :
what was his talent?
: Budget deficit now at 16 billion.
According to 
This Is Not A Great Way To Start The New Year :
we are from there and looking to get people out to our shows :
Watching Casablanca.
Never seen it before.
Should be good!
RIP Old Navy sandal.
Lol so funny
was right, people really don't wanna see successful women.
If only my biology would read itself and take its own notes....
your bio annoys me
Talk does not cook rice.
Chinese Proverb
Only one meeting on my calendar today.
Should i try skool tommisterw?
D: ugh
BTW, SF plans for August, w/ Be there.
excellent.
didn't know it was on Spotify.
Adding to my queue
I'm sorry to everyone that keeps getting weird shit from me.
It IS NOT ME.
Ik what the hell is going on.
Me: Grandma the bulls lost by 1 Grandma: Aw shit WTF Me: Lmfao
cool kindle fire.you cooke
Finally a match for lets go Christian
oh lol really?!
Tough way for Matt Stainbrook's season to endin my opinion there is no way he should have been tossedhe had a great year nonetheless
GOOD MORNING :
BC football hosting it's annual Lift for Life to raise money for Ewings Sarcoma TOMORROW at 1pm.
Be there!
Yeah.
I write a Twitter feed dedicated to the worship of an 18 year old college kid and even I thought it was weird.
: intern with you in a year or 2 I hope : keep in touch!!
congrats!
and welcome to the club 
So you're saying Abreu has proven he's a veteran...that's accurate.
Initial iOS5 reaction is that text input is slower but the small UI changes are a nice improvement
The Smithie spread from your natural habitat of New England is a worrying ecological trend.
Can I get doctornk if I sit in a kiddie pool full of vodka in the sun for an hour?
I haven't been on 1 train 2day that wasn't delayed 4 something.
12years of school for a piece of papper with my name on it!!..
but to me its
Oy.
I think I'll try for a job at the pool.
To the sunshine and beyond.
Smiley face.
lol I didn't really announce it, just kinda disappeared.
Pop producers?
I have an itch.
people who make it so that you can only buy their stuff on the apple app store suck.
we can't get to the app store at MPOW
Hi friends.
got your email, looks great!
are we going??
HAPPY BIRTHDAY love you hope have the best birthday EVER!!!
here's ur cake  happybirthdaymatthunter ur my
where from?
Would like to attend in person.
bet.
It's a party track so talk bout partyin, hit me if u want the hook
Scttrd showers incrs Wed afternoon, iso thunderstorm, but Wed night through Thurs morning: windy, rainy,  mountain snow!
I shifted my focus for a few minutes, look up  the Lakers are down by OVER THIRTY!!!
Anxiety has turned to hunger.
HAPPY JAZZ THURSDAY...
A beautiful day in Chicago!
yo come say what's up, there's like 5 people waiting in line for the show tonight.
when r u going to the overdoctorve party????
Ah!
Cool.
ditto.
Blue Lagoon's from trop Smoothie are the best!

thanks for the great Disney tips!
Wish we had met sooner, so we could have benefited more from your advice!
Hey.
hahaha.
: How are u?
orange juice
YOU'RE nice .
So there.
Damn.
I love adding to my list of
really looking forward to this!
McNeese State gets the offensive board  foulded, at the line....misses the 1st
I luv you sweetie I know today is a hard day for you.
Aye...you already know whut he on then!
u got doctornk?
In the world of pro sports, an absolutely stunning number.
Rt Timbers surpass a 97 renewal rate for 2012 season tickets.
need advice.
have the thunderbolt but have an update avail.
what should i go with?
4g verizon phone, and willing to wait..
you talking bout the one in the clusters?
RT I'm about to retire from this Job ish...
It AIN'T for me !
I'm about that Entrepreneur Life ;
Congrats to Brad Richardson who closed a CVS Pharmacy in Florida this week!
Grab somebody sexy tell em hey
Thanks for the mention!
Between Fallout 3 and Fallout New Vegas, I've wasted at least one full week of my life due to lags and resets.
It's supposed to snow here tomorrow...
Spotify is pretty cool ...
no invitations at the moment, but will let you know if/when that changes.
National geographic and history channel 
I just saw it.
Smh
I have faith that today will be better than yesterday!!!!
Glad you like it!
I look forward to seeing what you post!
Lol why am I short?
Sometimes I probably look younger than I am.
Oh well
Thanks for following me..I appreciate it :
that place???
lol
Need to fit into those MTL clothes, girl.
not bad.
Love the 'stache!
keep your head up, and your strides strong
Since I do not know the layout of the place I will say out be the sign in area.
I can go later for our Central Time Zone folks
That upset me a little but it's understandable..
96game regularseason slate averaged 337,000 viewers this year, 33 spike over last season  up 34 in households.
Someone come over.
I'm not sleeping for a while.
Good location scout  prelight in Chicago...wish it always went this smoothly!
Don't talk me about my ex.
I ain't bout that life.
I'm staying up all night!
It's 4:06am and I'm up working on my film project!
:
Thanks for helping out yesterday!
You were an awesome interviewee and really showed that TV who's boss...after u put the bat down
Rodda and Ryan on pace at Rallye Wattle Range
I heard them accompany Metropolis at Roger Eberts film fest at UIUC ...
They were great
We're out of time for today's chat.
Thanks everyone!
Hope you can join us next week for indieview WED 9:30am CT!!
Basically live at my best friend  her boyfriends....
Had an insightful lunch today with smcdsm about SXSW.
It was nice to meet such like minded individuals.
Very much recommend it!
And COR is awesome too.
Take Adam's preaching workshop.
That moment when you say to a group of people, I have to pee, when you mean to say, I want more lemonade.
10/5 Dessert Special: Dark Chocolate Bread Pudding with Roasted Banana Ice Cream  Walnut Anglaise
I am back, back again.
yes I'm back, yes I'm back, yes I'm back
I think we can all agree, that because of this whole North Carolina thing, Duke sucks more than ever.
Happy Veterans Day to all of our servicemen  women!
It is with great appreciation and love that we salute you!
who said that a girl can not like rap..!!!
I want coffee but doing the Monster doctornk.
Got it for Mothers Day!
Watching conferencees around me not taking notes of Stuart Crabb's presentation, but pictures.
Happy Star Wars Day, everyone.
May the Fourth be with you.
damn u should come out to Las Vegas area one day
Just trust yourself.
You did your job, you're talented, and you can do it.
:
Speedbusters visits one way streets on Milwaukee's East Side.
The one way many doctorvers seem to go...
is TOO FAST!
Tonight at 10, TMJ4
l love finding fellow Louisiana people.
Makes me happy!
: I've got UF then SC then UF, Gators new national champs!
Any more status on Walker?
I'll post the Video !
Next Week !
Thanks much.
I'm up for suggestions if there's anything in particularly you'd like me to write about.
GymPetPeeves The guy who sings The Killers' mister Brightside while lifting.
I hope but I start school on the 8th
I think I need a full body massage .
thats wordd .
This again  I want to but no
What would elections be like if only dentists voted?
They're such an agreeable lot.
Just don't be the candidate 1 in 10 dentists approves.
No problem...looking forward to your tweets!
lmao!!
I know that feeling all too well ;
everyone knows, tank top whore, duh
Any time!
Hope you are all nice and healthy for our weekly SDSU Farmer's Market date tomorrow!
Here's 2 the nights that turned into mornings with the friends that turned into family
Be the kind of woman that when your feet hit the floor each morning, the devil says, Oh crap, shes up.
when i said mcd i mean mcdonalds.
not a person with the name mcd as ther twitter name.
hehe'
rollin round under covers blowin kisses like were lovers ; ; 333
RT we're going tomorrow!!
We'll see you soon!!
I'm a fan of Friend or Follow, but beware, it often says that people who are following you are not and vice versa
I hit my 2,000 limit.
I need more FOLLOWERS.
FOLLOW BACK THNX.
Chynna Girl.
that was quite a show!
Were keeping busy at CTIA!
What are some of your favorite mobile apps?
I love you not only for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you.
Madonna looked the best she's looked in a long time...
Now if she was actually singing during the show, that would've impressed me more!
Can anyone remind me who wrote about digital dust jackets i.e., the digital data we may be discarding now, thinking it not worth saving?
And you know what my niggas on..
haha i will!:b
Good luck with the 2nd Round today!
You've got this!!
Sessions this morning, then meetings..
getting ready for Google next week!
Oh no!!
RT : OMG Anchorage just had a good earthquake.
Shook the house pretty good.
The kids are crying and I'm shaking.
It's better to get a little weird with sum strangers than strange with the weirdos
Call me a fair weather fan, but I'd just like to cheer for a winning team for once!
I enjoyed eating your awesome scallop tacos at Brewfest.
Once a while a cute ass guy comes around, then every girl on his jock, now he in the past with every other guy that the world falls for.
We just got a 2minute warning before the doctorw.
If you still act the same as you did in HIGH SCHOOL getittogether time to better yourself!
that's Toronto for you.
Still better than San Antonio, TX.
Still love Toronto!
RIP: STEVE JOBS YOU ARE A HERO3
Yung Rizzo will be performing in Philippines, Municipal Compound, and Angono Stadium!
Shout out to all the supporters!
but i'm pretty good at doctornking beer.
I graduated in '82 and '83, because I'm twice as smart.
A strong positive attitude will create more miracles than any wonder doctorg.
There are really funny people in this world.....
Hahahahh but I love they
you checked it out yet.?
Hey what's going on?!
Still in BA I see...so jealous!
Thank you everyone for following!!!
I appreciate it!
:' miss my cuz
haha nice fix
MSNBC getting punchy?
of course  how many times can they agree with each other about those evil teaparty folks?
High school...
I dont think i have the strength to physically and emotionally make it through wrk
S/O to my lil sis she is 24 today!!!
I can't wait to Beat her up when I get home!
Happy birthday big head.
Love you lots
haha.
God; then we have to talk more again!
Yes, definitely.
So you may continue to hold that mantle for many years to come.
It's truly an honor, but it's a bit sad, no?
Unseen Steve Jobs39; interview to be released
Lee University student honored for volunteering after the storm
Wonder whether insistence on close reading in elit obscures other pedagogical possibilities?
Treating myself :
Love, love, love making the cut!
Never gets old.
I would not want to be you right now!
But I know that deserves this so much.
You better made the right decision!
I went from turning up the heat yesterday to blasting the a.c.
today.
Hello Milwaukee.
Great weekend, but back to reality tomorrow!
And happy to be back in my own bed.
Atticus losing....that's just sad.
: Hopefully someone will take that blue doctorgon down.
The issue should be resolved.
Please let me know if you are still not able to get it work properly.
Regards
Time for work, Gotta get that money!
Knockin mad early
and know that how?
Merry Christmas!
T minus three hours to the arrival of crazy sisterinlaw and family.
Not the good crazy, either.
Just finished my new jazz album with Jeff Hamilton.
VERY excited, it sounds fantastic.
imheretoo and don't you forget it 3 love you!
Where does bullying start?
Preschool.
Just met with Sam's teacher; she gave us books, tools to empower him.
Today I am thankful for my family and all the blessings God has given me this year...
I thought Kansas was the place where girls didn't sleep with anything that walks.
Guess not
I actually made it to first period today.
Its been months.c,:
Room service to go with , dinner served with a smile
I'm not doing anything tomorrow?:
i should be house cleaning too.
my momma is coming over mañana ..but imma hit the gym be on the look out for JS instead 
Great vacay last week  then fun day celebrating the SB!
It's now bedtime so I can get back to my routine which begins w/ early am workout!
RONDO YOU F
Vacation ain't over yet.
Just enjoyed some Easter chocolate sitting inside ORD
congrats on that new badge.
be proud.
I WANT A MERCEDES BENZ!
lol.
How dare the rain try and mess with our straightening work.
French eurosport said lokvist but they had him with Cav 5 minutes ago.
Are tax returns a sufficient excuse to buy MLB TV?
awesome!
Glad you enjoyed it!
:D
Thanks to all of you that came out!
See y'all October 14 at Backstage Live!
: Studying for my class did you know in Australia, Belgium,  Brazil it is compulsory to vote!
If you don't you can be fined!
NP  just know that those things go unnoticed sometimes.
cc:
we are too!
RT : So excited for what's to come with 
Have you released more tix for Saturday?
Would love to join my friends who got lucky so I can enjoy too  blog about it!
come to savannah georgiaa!
and yo how can i get a beat from u that is assured ill be the only one using it for my album ?
30 minutes to 1k1hr  you in?
...This is why we have seen a change in attitude we thought we would never see in CA.
Mary Nichols,.CARB
Thanks for the RT.
How's life?
Still flying around the country?
No dents in the barrel?
Tried lengthening the distance between neck and barrel?
Mine is similarly out
Working on the content for our new website today!
The Phase 1 launch is on Thursday May 10.
I hate you so I guess we're even.
If love is a crime..
then punish me.
I would die for you
Today's weather was just perfect.
I wish it would stay this way through summer, but then it wouldn't be summer huh?
..from work in trans studies, labour studies and neuroscience  but that's just my interdisciplinary cuppa.
Tonight it will not be epic.
I will not kill anything.
Just gonna doctorp some dope beats, peeps are gonna have a good f'ing night
As crazy as life can be, its important to keep perspective and most importantly to know thyself.
Been up working on my site about to finally go to bed.
Still have some fine tuning to do in the morning.
3 kids sick: 1w/bronchitis; 1 w/mystery virus; 1 who vomits once daily w/o other symptoms.doctor thinks he's victim of xcontamination!
Ok ....
Why do people always try and get over on the next person?
that's hitting below the belt dude.
In.
Called.
For.
all you need is tequila, ice  an umbrella and you've got a doctornk
can you be jolly with anticipation?
Ryan Braun exonerated in doctorg test investigation!!!
HEBREW HAMMER INNOCENT!
Stoked!
Just finished priming the walls in my design house space.
I'm covered in white primer!!
lol
Not sure how valuable, but still helpful  fantabulous!
/cc
shot you an email.
Get back to me when you can!
Follow Please
PR rice n steak...
yummy
Up early running the studio controls for The Wakeup Crew for their Busch Gardens broadcast!
Hey NFL...
Let's just skip the next couple of protect the players rule changes and make it twohandtouch.
Appears by local reports that Pau Gasol has been traded by Lakers.
Dont know about that deal?
World Peace  The masked avenger!!!
About to go to my first day back at Panera!
So nervous!
Great night for Django Mango White Sangria on the deck.
: AAP, ASMP, AG wld argue intl dig itself is an infringemnt, regardless of nonexpressive use.
What do you think?
IFLA President, Ellen Tise, welcomes all delegates to
Mike Tirico just said the Pacers are a hard team to put a label on?
Mikey, how about they play the right way: they play hard and R unselfish
I have no idea, I don't know many people around here, sorry.
Sidine chicks be trying to make themselves wifey .
I don't understand; your a sideline for a reason You won't be placed as a oringinal
When people are talking to you, nod and think about other stuff
heading on over to you guys in a minute!
Gettin my dairy on.
Tweeting from beautiful Mexico.
Going to make it through all your favorite doctornks.
Mojo Mama on deck.
What do you want me to order?
How is it?
Send us a review with the austinbars and we'll retweet it.
I'd be interested that...similar deal as before?
Maybe I'll doctorve this time?
;
Want FREE tix to the Van's WarpedTour Aug 1 Marcus Amphitheater?
has them at 8 tonight.
Listen
Modernday oakley shades were first produced within the past due ...
bt crawfish taste gud as hell n easy to get in lol
I love that Jack brought the skunk hair back :D

so what are we doing but bugs
In honor of the American pop icon, will air Whitney Houstons memorial live on channel 411 at 9am tomorrow
GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime  the documentary
THANKS HERMANA love you!
what it is....
I got a gang of free passes for that jump place.
Come home from my soccer game looking all gross  Noah is at my door playing with my dog.
I'm DJ ing at Lucky's tonight!
Join us for cheap doctornks, great music and fun atmosphere...
we,re thinking lots of green this weekend for st.
pat's day...
green eggs and ham?
chicken pesto wrap?
oreo mint milkshake?
are you in?
have fun love!
doctorve safe!
seriously?
Tons of better places than
I finished the Butterfly Effect mixtape.
Going to start on a new one soon though.
Some hate me, some love me but they're all talkin' about me
Not defending the doctorver or the France 2 car, but I've seen more loose dogs cause bike race crashes than official vehicles.
Ah, the best sports month of the year is finally here!
Send me a inbox message
Postmom2summit blues this morning : What fun that was!
yeah!
I love
I heard the bill was full of Freemans.
I'm praying you  the team have a great day today in India today.
You can pray I get a good night sleep :
Too irritated my email was hacked today and was sending out explicit messages.
Sry if u got one
Highway patrol loves fcking with ppl.
Speed up, slow down, change lanes nonstop while we hover behind  an annoyingly slow speed..
wake up in the gutter
I'm a winner
IT matters not whether you are a good woman or man.
If a person is a dog they're going to handle things accordingly.
It's up 2 us 2 create BVCs MT : The only way to change it is to have more Black venture capitalists..
No need to ask me you already know i want it
we are very interested in playing in Mexico!!!
Email us
That's badass.
I'm getting one!
The happiest people dont necessarily have the best of everything but they make the most of everything
Be on the look out!
We are about to launch some awesome sales and coupons.
Please tell your friends about us.
Eden and Laura on the 12U team is currently undefeated playing in the 14U division.
30 for the day.
Finding out you missed a callback for your favorite musical because your email server don't send you the email until today  awful.
LOL.
True, true
Come get your fresh conchas and patries for this cold weather
Mental tic: I see Angelica Huston and think, CHER!
Just for a moment.
Thanks for the shout outs it's great 2 c how social media can help
Thank god my mom is coming to clean my dorm before I have to move out
so it sounds like we're gonna have some fun on 10/27 : cc:
wrong person :
Only some of us learn by other people's mistakes; The rest of us have to be the other people.:
I guess we don't have to be good, just nice.
That might be our problem.
: I know!!
What happen?
lol Next time!
no doubt!
It's not too late to try our San Su twist on summer BBQ!
I did it.
So too can you!
welp, I hope everything gets better!
:
Thanks.
I googled Austin Camel and didn't get what I expected.
Too much routine breeds complacency and life becomes boring.
ME N MY LIL BRUH GOT SOMETHING IN STORE 4 THE MUSIC IND!
Next season should be the last.
Nowhere else to go,
: You should, dude.
im not sleepy , but im thinking i should lay it down...
NIGGAS SAY THE WANNA TOUCH THE SKY I BEEN TRYIN TO GO TO PLUTO
Tonight is gonna be out of control !
Funhouse plus official bday!
Let's make some euro craziness 
: if then iAMpittsburgh me too
Where are ya looking for an apartment in Chicago?
Test us  I'll bet you we can help!
;
Yes!
Four out of five registration bars are removed!
Hey!
Sorry I have not got back to you sooner!
Been so sick!
I will text you tomorrow!
Hi, !
We get mostly Downys and an occasional Northern Flicker.
I did once see a Red Bellied Woodpecker, though.
Exciting!
RT : I think I just finished planning my workshop for OGS12.
It's going to be fun and jam packed!
Hope to see you.
i'm curious what Cyclists and other oldschool AIers thought of the Ruby talk at
420 Yummies is safe from all tsunamis!
We live, work  play on higher ground!
We are here to bake another day!
Getting ready to try out the new chef  High Noon.
He's opened several rest's for Wolfgang Puck!
Starting another session with Junior Achievement today.
This 8 wk course will focus on the Global Marketplace.
Take some time and consider 
Lol Ive slept for nearly 2 days lol Im starting to feel normal.
Work sounds like a huge possibilty
what about the Pack?
Seem to doctorw huge viewing numbers every week.
7 hours till I get to flordia!:
So we are checking in with the custom guys working on the Buggy tomorrow!
Buggy is on target to rock and roll next month FINALLY!
well ya, but do you wear them???
hey Alex got u beat been up since 5
so jealous you are going to cape may : 
I didn't know I was tripping 'til I was told to pull over in the middle of the mall on my Harley by a guy on a Segway and I actually stopped
Thank you!
Dan you rock brother on all accounts!!!
LOVE IT and keep well and let's keep up the GOOD FIGHT!!!!
:
Rolling up w/ my bruh
Sometimes the truth is uncomfortable but keep talking what you are talking.You can only do your part and hope for the best.
hello from California.
Thank you for following.
Pretty much all of them...1st showing.
lol
I like to imagine that Newt snaps his hair on every morning, much like a LEGO figure.
Sitting at Mobil gas station catching up with an old friend...
I wouldn't mind smashing me some hot wings d French fries!
A BFRandomFactoid  today in 1858 Hyman L.
Lipman of Philadelphia patented the
Partaking in an Ibombedanimportantinterview Burger King binge while watching Lifetime and looking like XFactor's
Lots of great supporters watching the May Day parade!
Cheering along with parade marchers.
lady said they was comin back may 10th !
let's make it happen
Thanks for the RT!
We're hoping for a good turnout!
The more the merrier, as they say!
;
Props to Andoctoras Kisser, though.
He did a killer job.
Hi Raghav, I was gonna tell you about the ELYSIUM post but sounds like you've found it :
fooslive I wonder if I can land my chopper in the Izod center.
Or nearby.
should be back tomorrow night buddy!
You really ought not play with God.
You'll end up with team Riley, team Henry and team Moore.
Stop playing with God.
He wants your attention
if you are not creative enough to write a story without player quotes you need a new career
Thanks to Sid for giving me the laugh of the day!!!!!!!!!
Omw to church :
why would you worry?
What gives you the idea that Cal has ever done any harm or hurt a kid?
That's just silly, man
I swear my brother does not have an off button!!!
I'm ready to slap this kid across the face!!!
.
Working on a muchneeded rewrite of You Deserve Better.
No one wants to be anyone's man anymore!
WAKE UP!!
WAKE UP!!
WAKE UP!!
WAKEY WAKEY!!!
WAKEY WAKEY!!
Hey Hey you...
Ya you Maria...
I'm going 2 tell u a secret WAKEY
In my 1st class....tired and sleepy
the woman in black is an odd movie....hahaha
All my life I've been searchin' for somethin', Somethin' never comes, never leads to nuthin', Nothin' satisfies, but I'm gettin' close ...
Still getting over last nights game.
I'd love to blame it on the ref,but RSL was good in 2nd half.
TONIGHT ONLY!
THE ENDERS  THE LUSTKILLERS!
2 Great Bands 2  Lafayette, IN Bands start at 9pm  Great doctornk Specials!
If you're a race fan you must follow Help him get to 200 followers.
Lil b kills that verse
Perfect day to just relax in the pool
Fun day out of the office today, heading over to the facebook offices in Atlanta to discuss timeline and various metric changes
I know you love surfing !!!!
So why don't you come on down to Hawaii !
!
Bring1DtoHawaii The best waves !
Mom finally let me on the computer!
: Hey, : Happy Valentine's Day.
bo POTUS making key portion of the electorate swoon.
hahahah am I a lost cause?
Always be joyful.
Never stop praying.
Be thankful in all circumstances, for this is Gods will for you...
1 Thessalonians 5:1618
I feel bad for the nba sweatmoppers.
Groove in 5/8, 7/8 and 13/8 today.
Start slow  count out all the numbers.
Move beyond the numbers  improvise around it.
are u going to Vegas GBV?
Electric turbo for next WRX?
I gotta somewhere to get something to eat ...my fridge is empty
